  second is the fear ( which i do not share ) that the peace-loving west might not actually honor the alliance when faced with a choice between losing tallin and having a nuclear standoff . 
  such physical - and essentially token - deployment of nato troops in the region assays those fears . 
  it is not altruistic . 
  nothing in global politics ever is . 
  by safeguarding you , they safeguard the greater peace in europe . 
  further instability in your region would hit them financially either way . 
  eh , you would pay that money either way . 
  if not for a large military budget , you would suffer due to more global conflicts . 
  even when taking account of an occasional desert adventure , heh heh, 
  but it is, 
  it can be quite affected by democracy , if said democracy is working well . 
  if not , then not . 
  they usually have some , regardless of system . 
  that is why the voting public should be smart enough to offset it by democratic majority . 
  welp . 
  but i do not yearn for war !, 
  opposing russia 's crazy 19th century campaign does not necessitate war . 
  not necessarily . 
  i mean , mostly yes , but outlook of the rich is an effect of culture and is not predestined . 
  such arguments suggest that these issues are a conspiracy . 
  which is bullshit . 
  existence of outside threats does not mean you ca n't take care of the internal ones . 
  apparently , the british do n't care enough yet . 
  thankfully , they are likely to care more in the foreseeable future . 
  that is why we joined nato . 
  thanks to putin , it became recently relevant again !, 
  that 's essentially a long-standing russian policy . 
  no vatican . 
  so disappoint . 
  well , then they are irrational , despite having been treated like partners for the last two decades . 
  if they persist in their irrationality , then they should be contained and their victims supported . 
  that is why he invaded ukraine a year before they appeared . 
  i guess he read it out of a pigeon 's entrails . 
   this has not stopped any war ever . 
  nukes have stopped a war between quite aggressive soviet union and the west . 
  it has stopped wars between india and pakistan . 
  look , you are obviously dead set on the idea that russia is somehow really threatened by nato . 
  i ca n't help you there , i just believe otherwise . 
   the russian military does not think like that . 
  i symphatise , but the west can not cater to their paranoia . 
   you on the other hand seem to think of nukes as something of a winbutton , which they are not . 
  you still have to take and hold ground , otherwise your enemy will be back on his feet sooner or later . 
  nukes are a losebutton , for everyone . 
  and yet , they exist and they can not be ignored . 
  i am certain there will be no need to hold any ground after they are done . 
   nothing short of a devastating first strike which takes away most ( as in , 80-90 % ) of the enemy 's nuclear arsenal can exempt you from actually fighting a war on the ground . 
  nuclear standoff worked pretty well since the last world war . 
  the variables did not change , everyone on both sides still does n't want to die . 
  again you assume nuclear arsenals will be somehow ignored and get back to your 19th-century/early 20th century strategizing . 
  there are reasons why cold war was not hot . 
  and that reason remains very much intact . 
   there either is a buffer zone , or there is all-out war . 
  i disagree with your assumption . 
  especially when russia already borders many nato countries . 
   where do you anchor the front ? 
  i can guarantee you that an all-out war between nato and russia wo n't have frontlines . 
  no one will be cutting roads off , because the cities itself will be steaming craters . 
   the german/french position in this seems much more sane . 
  for the sake of continued peace , ukraine must continue to exist and must never , ever be brought into nato , or the new russian empire . 
  that 's blackmail . 
  not supporting it . 
  the comment i replied to was not as clear . 
  it was not my intent to defend him , i was just curious . 
  it would also require creating a business environment that would go against everything the current clique believes in . 
  dude . 
  they only fought nazis after happily allying with them and eating poland . 
  if there were more countries between russia and germany , the alliance would have lasted even longer . 
  alas , they ran out of land . 
  it 's the `` realist '' word that is misunderstood here . 
  it is easy to mistake it for a positive term . 
  the article actually debunks this view in next paragraphs :  since nato expanded into the baltic region in 2004 , russia 's land border with nato countries has been more than twice as large as its land border with georgia , and yet somehow russia waited until 2008 to react . 
  likewise in his response to mearsheimer , michael mcfaul , a former u.s. ambassador to russia , points out that in multiple meetings between president obama , president vladimir putin and prime minister dmitry medvedev over a five-year period , the issue of nato expansion never came up . 
  moreover , throughout most of putin 's rule russia engaged in numerous joint projects with nato ( including joint military exercises and peacekeeping operations ) while apparently completely neglecting the existential threats it was facing from the alliance . 
  yeah , just saying it is unhelpful to talk to some kind of general crowd of opponents . 
  it usually only offends people who are not like them , but close enough to feel blanket-insulted . 
  for example , i speak out against racist/islamophobic rants but generally dislike islam and certainly do n't think muslims ca n't do wrong - and in the case of this particular article i find their actions appalling . 
  i just reject sweeping cultural generalizations that are so common in modern-day europe . 
  the problem is you are expanding your real life experiences - which sound quite dreadful - into some kind of army that somehow dominates this subreddit . 
  if you see someone exhibiting such hypocrisy , please do criticize them , but do n't generalize like that . 
  what you are saying is ridiculous . 
  could you please not fight your imaginary opponents publicly ? 
  that 's only if you take my comment entirely seriously . 
  i learned a new american word today !, 
  i do n't get the downvotes . 
  you just answered a direct question . 
  but , well , you likely hit some quite emotional topics that make people twitchy , like welfare and environment . 
  there was too much downvoting , though . 
  he was asked a question and then got downvoted , heh . 
  are you , perchance , polish ? 
  you missed the verb in your sentence . 
  was it `` invade '' , perhaps ? 
   1 ) i absolutely hate our politics and have no interest in them . 
  world events are far more interesting to me , and european world events are the most interesting of the bunch to me . 
  i follow murican politics myself . 
  yeah , they are pretty fucked up and often provide some good morality stories about `` no , it is not better in a western country '' . 
  ignore your politics if they depress you . 
  but please please please vote . 
  we can do it for you , but it might be slightly inaccurate . 
  borders change , culture endures !, 
  guess how it all ended , heh heh,
