  they helped shape the scene where the conflict unfolded and i am glad they are trying to contain it now , even if so far rather ineffectually . 
  the west has its hands in almost every pie and certainly some responsibility is on them , but ironically , syria is a case were the west really really wanted to just leave this mess alone and let it sort itself out on its own . 
  it only started paying attention again once the isis cancer grew out of the chaos . 
  with shooting protesters , imprisoning people en masse , torturing , raping and killing them . 
  there was n't even armed insurgency for a while but boy , assad 's loyalists worked hard to make sure it started . 
  and then when the actual fighting began , they bombed their own cities with barrel bombs . 
  it is n't , and that is why one of the camps is called `` pro-choice '' , leaving the decision to the woman . 
  it is not just religion . 
  it is also about extending the instinct of protecting children to fetuses as well as deeply sexist ideas that women can be forced to incubate against their will . 
  either way backward and horrifying . 
  main aspect , really . 
  but whatever . 
  traditionally , `` polityka prorodzinna '' was always about birth-rates . 
  but please do n't burn any more stave churches , they are nice . 
  they already do . 
  there are clinics that provide abortions all along the polish border . 
  they often have polish or polish-speaking staff , websites etc. 
  but that matters little , when the poorest people ca n't afford it . 
  even religions are/were uncertain at what point does fetus get a soul . 
  christian and islamic theologians had differing opinions about it . 
  the idea is n't bad , as long as we have money for that . 
  we do n't , and at the same time we cut methods that have small but proven birth increase , like in vitro . 
  the stated purpose was exactly demographic growth . 
  we will see if it works at all , though it is at the very least horribly inefficient . 
  even more disgusting is that many of those `` morally opposed '' doctors have their private clinics where they are more than happy to do some off-the books visits . 
  as usual , the poorest and the weakest pay the highest price . 
  i am not as certain . 
  political forces are not fully controllable and this seems like it could get out of hand . 
  in poland , the government wants the population to grow so they killed the in vitro fertilization programme . 
  welp . 
  i wonder , since they are already thinking about replacing her , if this law passes she would be a handy scapegoat . 
  catholic church was actually part of polish anti-communist opposition once . 
  getting teh polish poep was also seen as a big boost for anti-government forces . 
  therefore , after the system fell , they got a lot their wishes from very grateful ex-communist-opposition politicians . 
  on the romanian side , you got ceau\u0219escu . 
  i do n't know much about him , but while in many communist countries it was normal to legalize abortion , nicolae was some crazy motherfucker who held an opposing view . 
  hence all the polish-romanian contrast . 
  pis is , in many aspects , far-right . 
  not entirely , but shit like this definitely lies in that territory . 
  this whole thing is disgusting . 
  women will suffer and die . 
  but strategically speaking , it would be bad for pis if the law passed . 
  it would kick them further right and would galvanize much more opposition . 
  additionally , there are certainly many pis supporters who are not pro-life zealots and would be put off by such a measure . 
  as a minor bonus , it will add to the international bad karma we already have . 
  it would be wonderful news , if not for all the suffering and death it will cause . 
  the ruling party contains plenty of hardline conservatives but its leader , kaczy\u0144ski , generally tried to avoiding taking a firm stance as he himself is not passionate about the matter and recognizes it as a very thorny political battleground . 
  still , pis did , in fact , get the support of pro-life groups and nominally stands with them . 
  so far they were trying to do a balancing act , by promising them harsh abortion law but not actually following through . 
  seems like the pro-lifers are coming to collect and pis is running out of time . 
  what they will eventually do depends , as usual , on the current calculations of their leader . 
  so far seems like he will try to let `` everyone vote as they wish '' possibly secretly hoping the bill fails and saving him the bother . 
  note , the current abortion law in poland is already one of the harshest in europe and even this law is widely flouted with many women being denied currently legal abortion on `` moral '' grounds . 
  if you got from the article there is some great discrimination against afro turks then you might be getting a bit defensive . 
  i got no such impression , just that they remain a bit different and some are curious about their heritage . 
  no contradiction , they used to be turks who once spoke another language . 
  i had the impression the lines are just very blurry . 
  certainly looks blurry here . 
  you seem overly defensive . 
  i did not get the impression that the reporter wants to smear your country . 
  it should be evidenced by quoting the very examples you picked , they gathered a whole range of views . 
  ethnic relations are very complex , they are not binary between `` it 's fine '' and `` it 's racist '' . 
  it might depend on the immediate context and their area . 
  racial epithets have this tendency of starting neutral , ending up pejorative/negative . 
  is true , the whole western world has been reeling from a resurgence of xenophobia in recent years . 
  sad and disappointing , all around . 
  still , your english xenophobe fringe gets bonus points for hating people much closer to home and much closer culturally . 
  woah , there is a text behind the title of the thread ?!, 
  which is bullshit . 
  being old makes it harder and prevents people from perfectly mimicking native speakers , but as long as one is mentally healthy , they can , in fact , learn a foreign language . 
  hah , this kind of tribal hypocrisy is all over the place . 
  poles hate those evil moosleems and scoff at `` economic migrants '' but also want to be able to migrate to uk and are outraged at anti-polish sentiment . 
  because it is all different , eh, 
  even among native speakers . 
  haha , nice rejs reference, 
  well , romanians apparently decided not to . 
  good for them . 
  brexit can , theoretically , be reversed but so far everyone important claims it is the course . 
  so unless uk makes a u-turn , such moves will be read as sabotage . 
  [ not exaaaactly nazis but not that far either . ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wfotpvv.jpg ) . 
  modern day , no need for time travel . 
  please stop with such silly posts . 
  r/europe is a mix of people and some are rather sympathetic towards immigrants , like me . 
  such generalizations are both insulting and useless . 
  is n't there some residue in trees and soil , though ? 
  i understand it can be harmless in the open . 
  but they will make us proud !, 
  perhaps they can swing a sabre or something . 
  poor fellows . 
  they will probably try to focus their investigation in their hotel room and i do n't blame them . 
  for some reason a lot of stuff imported from ukraine , including timber , was/is scanned for radiation . 
  turns out some of their local `` entrepreneurs '' made furniture out of exclusion zone wood . 
  decades of russian spy traffic made them install these . 
  you got ta be kidding me , holland will survive any sea level . 
  they have mastered the fucking sea , they got poseidon in chains in a bunker , begging for mercy . 
  the surrounding royal dumbassery sure affected you , though . 
  so were many european countries . 
  poland , ireland , etc. 
  while , again , they have their own serious challenges and circumstances , there is no reason why they could n't try to unfuck themselves . 
  what i oppose is the mentality of `` either military or isis '' that even much of the west subscribes to .
