   they do n't need to play game where they know what they need to do and they ca n't do it because it would be political suicide . 
  they do n't know `` what they need to do '' . 
  distance and lack of insight often result in populist blanket statements that seem so obvious to an eastern european but that are not doable when you get down to details . 
  western europeans probably agree with most of what you would want , but they just ca n't do it - not because of some political correctness leftist liberal conspiracy , but because once you look from close up shit becomes incredibly blurry and complex . 
  while i find game of thrones enjoyable , it was always just a pale shadow of actual english ( and wider european ) history . 
  the last kingdom is the result of anglo-saxon awesomeness , not the other way around !, 
  good show , tho !, 
  that would be off-the-charts glorious . 
  please do . 
  perhaps you and other residents can make a movement ? 
  great things start small !, 
  yes , because we need yet another problem in europe !, 
  and anti-nato . 
  illiberal leaders often have natural affinity for each other . 
  was n't farage also saying nice things about vladimir ? 
   if , if le pen could find a way to become president , the eu would be screwed in a major way . 
  not necessarily . 
  it could also be a proper wake up call for everyone . 
  sometimes shit needs to get worse before it gets better , heh, 
  i am sorry , but whenever i see eastern european being as critical of multiculturalism , i laugh . 
  it is very unlikely that they actually know what they are talking about or even what is that they fear . 
  not necessarily . 
  it would be actually better for the mainstream parties if the shock was felt nationwide as it would mobilize the public to vote against fn . 
  if the public is okay with fn win , then it is bad for said parties . 
  and for france , but that is just my opinion . 
  all that fancy eu money would be kinda diminished after the main eu payers splinter . 
  the whole thing was heaps of fun . 
  well , you ca n't police views . 
   i have little trust of nato because of its attitude towards any kind of military deployment in poland so far nato aims to act proportionally . 
  perhaps your threat assessment is different than that of nato . 
  are canada , denmark , norway , greece or spain ? 
  if you have so little trust in nato , then a few nukes wo n't help . 
  why ? 
  it is mostly about dick swinging , not some deep long-term strategy . 
  current military is under macierewicz , they are now mostly building personal bunkers whenever they are not crying . 
  i know , right ? 
  this imperialistic let 's - have-dick-rockets bullshit is pure comedy . 
  sad thing is , they really think about international politics in 19th century terms . 
  putin would be a great spiritual ally , if not for that `` hate ruskies '' thing . 
  some are citizens , you know . 
  it is not like they arrived from mars , they often assumed the roles according to the perceived need of their community . 
  regardless , they should face consequences if they break the law . 
  yeah , then it is not consent . 
  is it actually tolerated ? 
  just because it exists , does n't mean the state tolerates it . 
  perhaps he has credibility issues ? 
  especially concerning his middle-eastern conduct ? 
  i know , right ? 
  but hey , it was 15 years ago and putin was only starting . 
  http://news.bbc.co.uk/hi/english/static/audio_video/programmes/breakfast_with_frost/transcripts/putin5.mar.txt  david frost : is it possible russia could join nato ? 
   putin : i do n't see why not . 
  i would not rule out such a possibility - but i repeat - if and when russia 's views are taken into account as those of an equal partner . 
  actually , russians cooperated in many fields with the us and ( early ) putin even threw a suggestion that russia might eventually join nato at some point . 
  dunno about gayness , but i think there might have been less hostility in a less angry political climate . 
  ah , okay , i just see many people using the `` po was as bad '' argument to justify or gloss over what pis is doing so i get overly triggered by such comparisons . 
  i know , i was just saying how i see it . 
  that 's nothing , kaczy\u0144ski never even had a wife or children !, 
  i do not usually mock people 's sexual experience , but in his case i can make an exception . 
  it also explains why politics and scheming are his whole life . 
  eh , i do not wish anyone death , even for people i really , really hate . 
  and bitter old authoritarians can live quite long - consider mugabe ( 91 years old ) and castro brothers ( raul is 84 ) . 
  so i just want kaczynski to lose influence , preferably by disgracing himself so that his myth is crippled . 
  sudden death could just make him an example for later idiots to follow , similar to how his brother is venerated despite having been a terrible president indeed . 
  i would prefer he just retired at some point . 
  but yeah , the moment he is gone they will tear each other apart and few are even half as cunning as him . 
  he took great care to eliminate anyone who is n't dumber . 
  did n't they soldify their power first , before they started to erode ? 
  thankfully , poland is not as `` under attack '' , so they ca n't bludgeon us with bullshit siege rhetoric as much . 
  orban really is lucky , if i was him i would be sending isis flowers right now . 
  law and justice , the current ruling party in poland . 
  this is the kind of thinking that got pis such power . 
  po in its late stages was a conformist , conservative , amorphous , complacent party of `` holding power '' . 
  mostly useless , internally conflicted and ineffective . 
  pis openly dislikes much of what makes a liberal democracy . 
  they venerate orban and want to be like him . 
  they believe they are the only ones who are pure , right , just and everyone who disagrees with them is an enemy . 
  they are ignorant of economy , science and are clueless about international politics . 
  they are not above using secret services to track and entrap political enemies and did it before . 
  they have no respect for the law , unless it agrees with them and do not believe in presumption of innocence . 
  i think pis is less competent than orban , though . 
  not that i know much of how he soldified his power , but pis 's ignorance and incompetence do rival their authoritarian desires . 
  they are likely to trip over their own legs , they are trying to piss as many people as possible at the moment , not just the opposition . 
  they also cancelled the previous appointment just because . 
  it 's like there is no law when we are * right * , eh, 
  still a very loose alliance . 
  though it will now change , what with pis ( law and justice ) being in love with orban for like forty years now . 
  fuck po , i do n't care about them . 
  i care about what the ruling party , who wields the biggest power since 1989 , is doing . 
  and it is trying to blatantly sabotage one of the foundations of what makes a liberal democracy . 
  i apologize for not liking it a lot . 
  opposition sucks balls , but that does n't make pis any more right . 
  europe has tons of local state groupings , not all are widely known or relevant . 
  it is by far not only po who complains . 
  and i did n't vote for po either . 
   the truth is that po and pis made basically the same , that 's utter bullshit . 
  i do n't even know where to start . 
  but do n't take it from me , just watch the politics . 
  that still makes three parties . 
  the judges elected by the previous parliament came from recommendations of many parties . 
  kaczynski 's judges are his own .
