  baby steps in the right direction are still in the right direction . 
  well , nationalities are all about self-identification anyway . 
  could be worse , you could have a georgia ( us state ) flair . 
  ze husband iz a top bundezsekret . 
  `` intelligence file 300391 : ze bundeskanzler gardening '' `` intelligence file 300392 : ze bundeskanzler playing chess with ze husband '' `` intelligence file 300393 : ze bundeskanzler tying ze husband to a specialized ceiling suspension '', 
  said an american , after china hacked everything in usa :p seriously , in the global electronic espionage game the offensive capabilities are currently dwarfing the defensive . 
  i am really curious how it will continue to play out as years go by . 
  certainly . 
  i am very disappointed with my country 's raving xenophobia . 
  especially considering that we have almost no migrants at all . 
  not really . 
  i have no love for islam , but i do n't see any reason to pile on it because converts are dumb . 
  nah , i do not think there is any kind of historical inevitability of societies becoming enlightened and liberal , even though i certainly would prefer that . 
  there are long-term trends in that direction , though , even if islam is spiking at the moment . 
  what ideology would that be ? 
  i am not saying it is . 
  i am saying it fluctuates . 
  iran in the 70s was liberal , but earlier iran was often not quite . 
  modern iran is still more liberal the the one from the khomeini era , even if the hard core stays in power . 
   there is no reason to assume that cultures will become less religious over time , and indeed stay that way . 
  eh , access to information actually erodes religion gradually . 
  but you get shorter-term ups and downs . 
  i have no great love for ttip , but do we really have to simplify the reality so terribly ? 
  but karma, 
  historic facts do , however . 
  people ca n't stay ultra-religious forever . 
  i do n't know , theoretically it is their own store . 
  up to the french to decide if they want the state to interfere . 
  i mean generally . 
  the current wave of fanaticism will subside , like it always does . 
  ironically , isis will help with it . 
  because south-east asia , which has the largest muslim population in the world , is consistently ignored in european/middle-eastern discourse about islam . 
  must be annoying , heh, 
  christian conversion is often quite messy as well . 
  oh , hello , you must be that other polish national beside me who does not want to murder all `` sandniggers '' . 
  culture is complex , we can not reduce such things to binary choices . 
  have you seen fresh converts to some christian denominations ? 
  neophytes are horrible universally . 
  i think their children , in turn , will be less observant though . 
  no , but it often morphs into much uglier varieties . 
  especially when magnified by the inability to provide any non-populist solution . 
   in capitalism things are self-regulated . 
  so are things in a lake . 
  you can still drown , though . 
   but they 're right , this is n't the fault of the people . 
  while i sympathize , the people do bear ultimate responsibility for their elected government . 
  what happened in greece is what occurs when populist thieves and liars are consistently voted in . 
  surely if the problem is ignored some more , it will go away !, 
  europe really needs to get its shit together instead of all this `` not in my backyard '' hot potato bullshit . 
  or we can just allow such situations fester and enjoy the torrent of xenophobic bigotry they inevitably evoke . 
  yay . 
  did n't know it was an english thing , heh . 
  it is a custom now in warsaw escalators , but some people still do n't get the memo now and then . 
  guilty of occasional hasty trampling , me . 
  yes , but considering what happens in the west , we are lagging horribly . 
  while people might not burn gays on the stake now , they will oppose or ignore any that try to treat them like other humans . 
  but that is n't surprising , poland hides its head in the sand with almost everything . 
  i really would n't wake up in greece just now . 
  go to sleep for one more decade !, 
  hey , i said it is not about religion per se but social conservatism . 
  not in everything - marriage might be failing , but things like gay rights , sexual education and abortion are not getting any better . 
  i bet they threw in some bonus obstacles due to mental blocks . 
  catholic victim complex . 
  all is best when you think yourself oppressed , even if not only you are not , but you yourself are the oppressor . 
  it all comes from a typo in a medieval bible translation . 
  brb , need to reattach my fake breasts . 
   this could piss off ~ ~ member states ~ ~ those damn eu-hatin ' tea-drainers if it goes either way !, 
  on a more serious note , such cases usually require exhausting all national legal venues - something they did - and tend to be based on laws that actually are implemented in the country , but are ignored for whatever reason . 
  like being mentally deep in eurasia , in case of poland . 
  and hello to people waking up from 5-year hibernation !, 
  well , greece will probably go this way soon anyway . 
  well , we do know what gender studies are and what is gender - cultural characteristics ascribed to biological sexes . 
  but they paint it as some nefarious ideology intent on destroying all that is good . 
  i keep hearing the current polish youth is actually more conservative than people slightly older . 
  maybe not more religious , just more socially right-wing . 
  elections and polls seem to confirm it , sadly . 
  and that is why poland has medieval family laws and busloads of women going to the german or czech border for abortion . 
  `` no gender '' is probably the same crap we got in poland ( hi , catholic brother ! ), 
  - catholics who oppose the `` gender ideology '' , which ofc tries to abolish differences between sexes ( which are `` obvious '' to everyone , duh ) and thus destroy family , morality and everything, 
  and he prepared such a nice imperial palace !, 
  eh , stalemates like that happen . 
  you need more than that to get an adolf unit . 
  eh , i feel you , man . 
  building something workable out of terrible choices is a feature of democracy quite often , especially in recent times . 
  i have incoming polish elections and the best-case scenario is for the paranoid right-wing wackjobs destroying each other instead of , you know , doing stuff to the country . 
  yeah , read that , hence i was asking how bad they are from a local point of view . 
  `` far-right '' is a very tricky description , much less clear-cut than it seems . 
  are mhp as bad as they sound ? 
  while the loss of akp dominance is a good news for many , it seems you still have a busload of , ahem , slightly controversial people there . 
  and that is why such questions should n't be a requirement , they are so obvious after all !, 
  why ? 
   re ( religious education ) all throughout school which includes many moral questions . 
  i am against religious education whatsoever , but i am a bit biased , as in poland it consists of pushing catholic dogma and/or whatever anti-scientific bullshit the church-appointed educator chooses to push . 
  of course , but this particular part of land is crucial for one of old polish myths of greatness . 
  that 's what games like crusader kings 2 are for !, 
  novogrod was always polish !, 
  was n't moldova the polish link to black sea ? 
  you know , the last stretch of our greatest imperial dream , `` poland from sea to sea '' ? 
  if so , then `` commonwealth '' might not be their first choice :p, 
  british banking system doing god 's work , as usual .
