  do n't worry , pis will rule soon . 
  they will fix everything , heh heh heh heh, 
  yeah , this all-or-nothing discussion about islam kills off all the nuance . 
  i am so glad the muslim apostasy is growing steadily in europe and elsewhere . 
  one day you will be able to come out en masse and it will be beautiful . 
  stay strong !, 
  yeah , it was innocent . 
  to me it was more of a curiosity than outrage . 
  people think differently in macro and micro scales because those scales are different and adhere to different rules , simple as that . 
  using your example , one can dismantle almost any provision of a modern society . 
  would you take a homeless person into your home ? 
  probably not , so along that thinking we should n't help the homeless . 
  same for the poor , the sick and , well , those touched by war . 
  furthermore , even islamic terrorism is greatly overstated . 
  consider france . 
  home to millions of muslims . 
  and yet islamic terrorists killed maybe 30 people in this century . 
  now , every such death is tragic , but statistically it is ridiculously insignificant . 
  they might be actually desperate . 
  i am very critical of extremists . 
  but i constantly encounter comments saying or implying muslims are all or mostly like that . 
  that division is the point . 
  cooling showers were in auschwitz , poland . 
  still funny/awkward , though . 
  welp , could n't be helped . 
  that 's a bit of a problem right there : many people are working on such mental image and get disappointed when it turns out to be not real . 
  being a refugee is demoralizing , as is displacement and poverty in general . 
  in an environment of existential insecurity , in an alien land , people change psychologically , become more instinctive . 
  we really do underestimate how much of our sanity relies on being safe and secure in our homes , jobs and societies . 
  take it away and things happen . 
  a more extreme example is war , were many people turn into monsters and morality ceases to be . 
  refugees are a softcore version of that , with many becoming less sane , less predictable and definitely more opportunistic . 
  we need to take it into account when we take them in . 
  why would they not ? 
  they are standard humans and as such some percentage will inevitably cause trouble . 
  they have also lost their homes , their jobs and their previous lives - that increases the potential for trouble-making in anyone . 
  there are various aspects here . 
  one is how prevalent the violence is . 
  some muslim extremists are violent , but that does n't mean it is representative of muslim sourced populace at large . 
  the other is the impact of said violence in the host country . 
  even if there were some muslim extremists in poland , it would be nothing compared to a much wider and more insidious influence of catholic traditionalism . 
  my point is not that muslim extremism is n't nasty . 
  my point is its threat and impact on poland is horribly overblown . 
   still not a reason to try and impose a group 's religious beliefs upon everyone . 
  i mean if people are being housed there with the assumption that some of them will be allowed to settle into the host country , then all should be done so that the place does not become a factory for unrest , resentment and bigotry . 
  full agreement here . 
  it has to be managed properly and order has to be maintained . 
   about sensible management i do n't know , essentially germany has been practicing a scaled version of the policy that they ( and a lot of others ) want to see applied to the entire eu , which means refugees are being dispatched to the various bundeslaender using a quota system . 
  based on income and population , each region receives a certain number of refugees , which they in turn spread over the town and local communities as they see fit . 
  usually , people can not legally leave the area they have been assigned to . 
  if they do , they face deportation . 
  while this makes sense financially and logistically , it leads to social isolation of refugees and resentment from locals in some areas that had close to zero foreigners prior to the opening of said accommodation . 
  in a way it pits refugees against locals , while offering them little means to integrate in their local area due to social barriers and lack of infrastructure . 
  now it is too early to judge , but judging from the media i sense a lot of ( not so well ) bottled up anger on both sides , with massive fights inside refugee housing and random racist attacks , arson ( planned housing facilities being burned ) and protests on the outside . 
  yeah , it is difficult and presents many pitfalls . 
  i mean , it is called `` refugee crisis '' for a reason . 
  it is a major challenge for any country . 
  still , i am glad we are hosting a number of them regardless . 
  hopefully my country will actually contribute at some point . 
  as a side note , it is sad that most of the discussion is not on your level - where you analyze specific threats and technical aspects - but it is still pro or against , with little room for nuance . 
  ehh . 
  refugee movement is vastly different from actions of a sovereign country . 
  there were plenty of refugees fleeing both russia and germany in those times as well . 
  just had a dude talk about `` muslim hive mind '' in this thread . 
  not the first time i see something similar in these parts . 
  that 's not semantics , that 's how international law works . 
  i am sorry it does not conform to what many in europe would want . 
  because to me it is not that dissimilar . 
  poland fears extremists who want to introduce sharia law ? 
  well , we got people who want to make jesus christ the king of poland . 
  and there are many more such loons than we will ever have islamic extremists . 
  `` objectively '' as in `` they are right '' , eh ? 
  regardless , only a fraction of muslims are extremists . 
  and even among extremists , only some are that barbaric . 
  no , but generalizing such actions onto the refugee population is . 
  so is drawing conclusions about how they are a different species . 
  preferably insects . 
  only some threads are like that . 
  it kinda comes and goes . 
  many other refugee threads are saner , i suppose some pop up in the main feed or get linked in some brigade-friendly places . 
  but there is much sanity left in the sub . 
  an equivalent situation would be showing a bunch of black violent ghetto gangbangers as a description of african-americans . 
  some threads get terribly brigaded , yes . 
  that 's one of them . 
  yeah , perceiving refugees as either good or bad is horribly unhelpful . 
  they are a crowd of uprooted people and as such have a high capacity for trouble . 
  i am very much for aiding refugees but the risks need to be taken into account . 
  yeah , well , it is still a crowded group of people and bad things can happen there . 
  no different than most other humans , stirring up trouble when they are poor , crowded and uprooted . 
  but , of course , this should be taken into account and managed sensibly . 
  i think germans will succeed , though . 
  the same as between christians and christian fundamentalists . 
  fun fact : we recently had a march in warsaw demanding `` making jesus christ the king of poland '' . 
  no need for sharia loons , we already have ours . 
   muslim hive mind oh god , you are not sarcastic . 
  they really are an alien insectoid species to you . 
  god forbid we had islam taught in schools , paid by tax money . 
  or had some laws dictated by islamic dogma . 
  that would be horrible , thankfully poland is a 100 % secular country with no equivalent benefits given to any religion whatsoever , no . 
  excellent idea , except no one wants to invade half the middle-east yet again .
