  property rights and freedoms eventually clash with those of someone else , and thus humankind is doomed to imperfect compromises . 
  yeah , one could call them anarchic too . 
  but they have all this emphasis on total freedam and private property being holy etc. 
  one can buy them in any general store , after all . 
  some libertarians seem to think that if not for the governments the genius entrepreneurs ( them ) would create a glorious utopia . 
  many people find this notion kinda silly , hence the name-calling . 
  that 's because just a hundred years later germany and russia kinda sorta migrated into us instead . 
  eh , i do n't think you would be forced to pay reparations by anyone . 
  turkey would show remorse , erdogan would have to shed a tear and beg for forgiveness ( bwaahaha , chortle ) and the healing process would begin . 
  as it stands , it just festers . 
  actually , we were trying to migrate to britain but got lost . 
  ignored , not denied . 
  ca n't help it if people do n't care as much . 
  of course it is a generalization . 
  but do note that there are no homogenous `` people of america '' either . 
  even with you being culturally basque , you have a lot in common with anglo-saxons . 
  you might not feel it - which is fine - but compared to most of the rest of the world , we are quite close . 
  well , it is a collective effort . 
  most of europe is deeply entrenched in defense of its interests even against each other and thus i just ca n't imagine them rolling over for americans either . 
  people of europe and people of usa . 
  while we do differ in sooo many ways , we have deep cultural connections , whether we like it or not . 
  well , americans are fucking insane , if you ask me , but so is most of europe . 
  exactly . 
  that is why i really do n't want a poor deal here . 
  i am all for a trade pact between eu and usa . 
  we have so much in common . 
  but the conditions that keep leaking are a joke . 
  thankfully , i am sure european negotiators do not intend to just take them . 
  bullying does not require invading . 
  invasion is extremely unlikely . 
  eu is not a military alliance . 
  of course , they are much more protected than , saaay , ukraine . 
  as you will . 
  that 's your geopolitical calculation to make . 
  still , i would n't demonize nato so . 
  if you do n't like what americans are doing , you can always just not take part in that particular activity . 
  france and many other countries happily slung heaps of mud on americans for their iraqi adventure , despite very much being in the pact . 
  if anything , it gives you more voice . 
  of course , that 's extremely unlikely . 
  still , if they feel you are weak and have some interests , they could ratchet up their military presence , disrupt your shipping and air traffic and in general press the government to be more supportive to them . 
  that is for the swedes to asses . 
  i would just join nato . 
  you can still ignore your military spending , heh heh , but you have a lot of peace of mind . 
  that 's what ~ ~ buffer states ~ ~ friends are for !, 
  a non-aligned country with a weak military will be susceptible to subtle and unsubtle bullying if russians feel like it . 
  such bullying would directly affect the direction of swedish politics and likely incur much higher costs in the future . 
  i understand it can be a strong rallying instrument - that is how nationalism strengthened countries in the 19th century . 
  but i kind of hope we could do away with such blunt tools . 
  sketchy evidence and all kinds of emotional bullshit are probably inherent in most national myths . 
  i am all for robot wars . 
  anyway , in this vein we can blame germany for each and every american doing , seeing as ramstein base is crucial for the americans in general . 
  and being a descendant means nothing anyway . 
  heh , it is not like populations are direct successors of anything or that historical succession means much . 
  that is why nationalism sucks - it proposes that a group of people is part of some immortal unchanging entity and that said entity is the same one as it was in the past . 
  which is false and that is why it creates disputes and wars . 
  russia , the reverse midas !, 
  lol at america doing anything `` before '' . 
  people who lived there did n't have much choice , they got omnomed by the ascendant germany . 
  and if `` starting a big war '' is some kind of a criteria , then there should be no culture in europe . 
  eh , do n't really care . 
  putin 's policies and his management will make russia worse and worse anyway . 
  it really is n't whether putin is in power or not . 
  what matters is if russians start supporting better leaders . 
  if they do n't , then a collapse would n't help either . 
  +1 for chermany if anything , it is them who would not want it nowadays . 
  seriously , this is not even an article . 
  it is some opinion . 
  technically , he has a very bad trip that can last much of his life time . 
  eh , shame is a social construct . 
  destroying ecosphere would be shameful if we had some other people in other ecospheres to look at us and judge us . 
  of course , said destruction is still horribly stupid . 
  as one of / r/europe 's functions is helping us overcome our national stereotypes , i think that showing an active-combat italian soldier helps in doing away with stereotypes of italians . 
  people with light blue eyes always look like soulless automatons to me . 
  looking at the picture , it is the dirt and sunburn that makes his skin look older . 
  he would look his age after cleaning up etc. 
  you have described it succinctly and well . 
  i can very roughly imagine how horrible it is , despite never having served . 
  it basically rewires your brain . 
  that is why it is important for modern militaries to have programs that wire you back into normalcy . 
  nah , they are just fucking with us . 
  welcome to polish politics . 
  to the unaware , this is the guy who leads the main opposition party . 
  a failed state filled with ( even more ) rampant organized crime , emitting streams of refugees would be a money pit just as well . 
  helping other nations is almost always because it is in our interest and ukraine is no different . 
  and you see no difference between that and a blanket ban ? 
  to paraphrase god-empress merkel , putin lives in his own parallel reality . 
  actually , you should n't . 
  russia knows that any move against a nato country would , if not trigger armed standoff , plunge russia deep into sanction hell , with real sanctions this time . 
  thus , they are obviously targeting countries that are n't in nato for whatever reason and , unlike finland , are n't considered friends . 
  jesus fuck , and the russians wonder why nato expands . 
  thank you . 
  never googled that solution , as i rarely needed anything from there, 
  care pasting some summary ? 
  never bothered to get around this particular paywall . 
   the transactions apparently happened over the course of several days , just before the parliamentary elections in late november , in which pro-european union parties narrowly squeezed pro-russian representatives out of the majority . 
  i really do n't get why people vote for kleptocrats who follow the russian school of `` governing '' . 
  perhaps they hope they will one day steal some millions too ? 
  plenty of beggars in paris are polish , or so i hear . 
  nicer place for everyone , it seems . 
  france has less strict policy towards drugs - if poland was n't so `` war on drugs '' , you would get offers in polish hoods as well .
