  seriously , he would be super pissed . 
  for most of usual commenters islam = arabs . 
  indonesia , tatars etc do not compute . 
  are we still talking about being in the eu ? 
  because in eu no one `` has '' religion unless it is hammered into them in childhood . 
  all rightful ottoman clay , though . 
  funnily enough , poland did accept tens of thousand chechen refugees back when you guys had a party there . 
  it was years ago , though , we did n't know it would turn us into a caliphate . 
  it was n't mentioned in a bunch of other articles , my bad for not doing a better research . 
  however this shit has been going on since the nineties and you are fucking mistaken if you think you can blame it on romas . 
  nevermind , i am not going to re-research stuff i was reading about for ages , i do n't care enough and this thread is a cesspool anyway . 
   do you have any solutions to it ? 
  laws targeted at this ( much of the west has them by now ) , international cooperation , better policing ( it is happening ) . 
  awareness , both political and among the common folk . 
  we should be aware that that cheap service we are getting from some poor foreigner might be given under duress . 
   what is making it difficult ? 
  complicity of victims and beneficiaries , as well as the nature of organized crime , i guess ? 
  a lot of service-buyers ( sex service , labor etc. ), 
  wo n't ask too many questions about cheap foreign workers . 
  victims themselves often do come illegally or half-legally ( if eu ) , lured by fake offers of jobs only to be ensnared , threatened , blackmailed , brutalized or drugged and raped ( if sex work ) . 
  they still feel they are out of the system and the host state will not help them and that they will be deported ( if from outside eu ) . 
  they might still think they will actually pay back the imaginary debt they are told they owe , even though it is a fucking scam . 
   what would you think , is the root problem ? 
  inequality , i guess , and ruthless people who will exploit it . 
  just like people 's smugglers who dump migrants into mediterranean , human traffickers see desperate poor people and scam them into effective slavery . 
  ca n't be fundamentally solved , but symptoms can be fought and beaten back . 
  well , i was replying to comments suggesting that poland has some bright patriotic strategy thanks to which it avoids all the immigration problems . 
  it does n't , it is just `` lucky '' to be poor enough not to be a target . 
  even if poland was as rich as germany , it would be inside eu and that limits our sovereignty . 
  some measures could be taken , but it would be harder than in america , i think . 
  but yeah , these are hypothethicals . 
  but this article is not about muslim gangs ... ca n't pin something that is not about them on them . 
  seriously . 
  please . 
  poland did nothing and has no direct control over eu border policy . 
  trump actually kicked federal agencies into action . 
  poland did nothing of the sort . 
  it is all empty smugness over something that happened along external factors . 
  bwahahaha , i suspected it , but i did n't expect you would actually say what you said . 
   do they look like slavs ? 
  yes , they fucking do . 
  what , do they have hooked noses ? 
  unibrows ? 
  turbans ? 
  have you * been * to poland ? 
  do you also track jewish ancestry of people you dislike ? 
  wait , do n't answer . 
  we are done . 
  sadly , proponents of collective punishment are in force nowadays . 
  i usually defend this sub and say it is not a cesspool of racism but today much of it kinda sorta is . 
  first link from google , a case from a month ago : http://www.tvn24.pl/wiadomosci-ze-swiata,2/wielka-brytania-trzech-polakow-skazanych-za-handel-ludzmi,749110.html it further links to other similar cases . 
  have fun tracking their `` real '' ancestry , but names like andrzej , seweryn , robert , pawe\u0142 , sebastian are kinda sorta native polish . 
  and non-gypsy slavs too , on a large scale . 
  pls less gypsygoating . 
  your saying is unjust . 
  you ca n't pin * everything * on dem evil muslims , leave some evil for the locals . 
  we are human too , ffs . 
  that alone would not necessarily exclude muslim-background management - pakistani and somali sex gangs in uk often brutalized local white women , after all . 
  it is however known that most of general sex and labor slavery in eu is done by other ethnicities , as enumerated in the article . 
  there is no god but allah and jan pawe\u0142 ii is his prophet . 
   if anyone is curious about vietnam , its because of cannabis . 
  argument number 54 for legalization - `` it can help curb child slavery '' . 
  before you folks flip and consume too much bacon in a symbolic yet powerful rebuttal of islam , do note that these crimes are traditionally perpetrated by white christian eastern european gangs . 
  not even romas , just decent local folk . 
  i do recommend reading the actual article , too . 
  it is an old and horrible practice that law enforcement has been tirelessly fighting for a long , long time . 
  it is fucking sad how low people get . 
  holy shit , i must have used too many syllables in my words !, 
  reddit really , really should not be the primary news source for anyone . 
  it is n't necessarily wrong , just messy , chaotic and prone to strong popular swings . 
  find a few diverse mainstream ( or not mainstream , whatever ) sources you trust and follow them . 
  reddit is essentially a newspaper comment section that sucks less than an actual newspaper comment section . 
   both on sides of the state and the immigrants themselves . 
  upvoted for nuance . 
  while north african culture sucks in many aspects , the government was also content to just dump them in a ghetto and forget about them . 
  then everyone is surprised they live in a parallel society , how dare they . 
   just wait for the mass use of self-driving cabs and trucks , which will put millions of people in europe out of a somewhat decently paying job . 
  automation will fuck everyone , though . 
  minorities will be a cherry on top , same shit will happen to millions of working class whites . 
  because poland , for all its progress , is still a siberian hinterland from which people emigrate in the millions . 
  only ukrainians are desperate enough to come here and if they could easily go to germany instead , they would . 
  what the fuck , man , arabs are not children . 
  you create an image where they are innocent unless provoked by those evil westerners . 
  they created their extremism largely on their own , for many decades their own sovereign dictators have been destroying all opposition except for the most extreme one . 
   christian jihadists out of america have been slaughtering hundreds of innocent people in muslim countries every week for the past 16 years . 
  hey , remember what happened 16 years ago ? 
  it was provoked by what `` crusade '' again ? 
  now , iraq and afghanistan were fuckups , but do n't pretend muslims are purely reactive . 
  there is bias and bias . 
  all media is biased , but not all media blatantly lies . 
  fresh arrivals !, 
  so much censorship i just debated ethnic cleansing of pakistanis in the other thread . 
  ( spoiler : i was not in favor ), 
  you mean the second biggest shia muslim country after iran ? 
  culturally european ? 
  many of the countries would not be `` european '' to you , then . 
  it is a very varied place and turks have been here for a very long time . 
  same , greece is western europe to me , for all its problems . 
  potatoes are still awesome . 
  i really thought we have passed it but then the immigration crisis came and it ideologically split europe right across the old iron curtain .
