  the funniest thing about those populist demagogues is how they make people think they are different than `` the establishment '' . 
  yeah , sure . 
  no it wo n't . 
  lepen has no chance and mutti will rule forever . 
  trump 's interpretation of american identity is that it is white . 
   a corrupt yeah , no . 
  no more than most western politicians , at least . 
  unless you buy into trump 's bullshit . 
  some were also in favor of brexit . 
  lots of alt-right-like dumbasses in these parts . 
  trump-like forces already won in poland , so it is no surprise a lot of poles prefer the american version as well . 
  yeah , i love my compatriots . 
   to the american people , the government represents this incomprehensible and distant separate entity from public life . 
  many americans do n't understand their institutions , and are n't aware of how they 're done in practice . 
  that 's something that 's a problem in much of the world , democratic or otherwise . 
  i do n't think specifics of the american system are what is crucial here . 
  maybe . 
  but i remember there was quite a lot of opposition back before erdo went full sultan . 
  he was actually rather pro-european then . 
  do the criteria check for religion ? 
  because that 's the criteria that would make many countries reject turkey . 
  sad , yes , but also what would happen , officially or not . 
  frankly if you are pro-hillary , it is extremely unlikely you re not anti-trump . 
  the perception difference required to jump from one to the other is huge . 
   where did you find the polish version ? 
  it was taught to me in elementary , sometime in the nineties . 
  we were being prepared . 
  imperial reconquest , of course . 
   the local media just repeat whatever cnn says . 
  my `` local media '' is the internet and so it is for a sizable chunk of european population . 
  this rise of far-right all over the west is disgusting . 
  thankfully , bar a trump win , it seems to be mellowing down a bit . 
  she still has a lead but the whole situation is less than comfortable . 
  you do realize people in europe can and do listen to unedited trump statements ? 
  trump is so incendiary that you do n't need evil media to make him look bad . 
  somehow `` jesuischarlie '' was ridiculous to some people . 
  yeah , i do n't get it either . 
  certainly . 
  i am sure ukrainian immigration has its pros and i am very happy poland becomes a little more diverse . 
  but the xenophobic aspect remains - i am quite confident that if we were n't in `` danger '' of having to take some middle eastern refugees , ukrainians would have been welcome considerably less . 
  especially considering there is some bad blood between our nations . 
   in a city near me it 's a bulgarian minority that 's under increased scrutiny . 
  and that 's bulgarians !, 
  they are slavs . 
  same thing with occasional italians and portugese who sometimes get mistaken for syrian refugees in this part of europe , just because they look `` brown '' . 
  seriously , fuck racism . 
  that 's because ukrainian immigration serves as a convenient excuse not to take any of those scary brown people . 
  supporting the coup was not the right way either . 
  it 's just that at this point all options are horrible . 
  heeey , i also like jokes about ethnic cleansing !, 
  haha , clearly !, 
  he basically won the moment he was born . 
  no class divisions there , nope . 
  theresa may seems reasonably competent , but i thought someone must be crazy to take the pm position after the referendum . 
  or maybe she just really likes challenge and crisis management . 
  some people are such high-adrenaline political animals . 
  it became much less certain now . 
  we will see . 
  i watched it only this year and it scares me how accurate it all remains . 
   brexit is popular now that 's a brave assessment . 
  i am not as certain as you seem to be . 
  perhaps the political storm it creates will make them drop fptp . 
  one can dream . 
  most popular can often be terribly shitty . 
  tabloids are the most popular press in most countries , for example . 
  might be a closer ally than they might like , though . 
  that too . 
  uk is not belarus , but if things get ugly and the british start playing on weakening the eu , their interests will start aligning with those of the russians . 
  it was a joke . 
  unlike many of its neighbors , it is thoroughly isolated from the eu and doomed to being a periphery of bigger powers . 
  thankfully uk had a lot of irish , instead of afghans . 
  cultural similarity sure helped a few decades ago . 
  it was so absurd . 
  some sort of aliens , gods or universe itself made a crazy trap for silly humans , apparently just to fuck with them . 
  he just portrays them as powerful and quite unenthusiastic about british demands . 
  i did n't get the `` nefarious '' vibe . 
  belarus model , then !, 
  it would matter if uk was part of some eu army project . 
  seeing as not only they are n't but they were vehemently opposed to any such initiatives , takes this element out of the picture . 
  i actually found it a bit funny . 
  sweden would still need to be more in bed than uk and i disagree about the extent of swedish cooperation . 
  but even if you decide it is the same , it still does n't make sense . 
  your brain filters it out . 
  it becomes a bit like a , well , a voice-delivered subtitle . 
  requires getting used to , of course . 
  subtitles require focused attention and more effort to follow . 
  with voice-over you can watch more things casually , while doing something , etc. 
  i do prefer subtitles myself , but voiceover is vastly superior to full dubbing and can be tolerable . 
  yes you can . 
  it depends on the voice-over quality , though . 
  the monotone voice-over is , actually , a bit like subtitles . 
  your brain separates it from the main sound track and you can still hear the original dialogue . 
  i do prefer normal subtitles , by far , and it does require getting used to but it is actually fine . 
  that would make sense if assange had n't been * for a year * in uk . 
  did you go with usa to wars in middle east ? 
  did you spy on everyone with nsa ? 
  well , uk did . 
  no other country has more `` special '' relationship with usa than its former ruler . 
  bigger than uk ? 
  the country where he was for a year before he fled to the embassy ?
