  what an oversight !, 
  and ragequit , leaving everyone else to deal with the mess . 
  but that 's uk 's problem , not eu 's . 
  if uk wishes to have more democratic representatives then they can move to pr . 
   but this will not really help a lot i can easily see friction during changes in power . 
  especially for poland , it would be just another headache . 
  seems like eu is becoming a rather polarizing issue , with little tolerance for fence-sitting . 
  nothing is done until we are dead . 
  i would n't call it `` trashing '' , really . 
  more like a reflection about american cultural dominance . 
  mexico will pay for the wall !, 
  hah , as a person who would prefer the remain option , i actually hope for a ge . 
  it would provide a fresh popular mandate giving some support to the idea of not following through with the referendum . 
  with fptp being the horrible vote-eating monster it is , it would be hard for ukip to secure a significant vote . 
  maybe we could even see a coalition of tory/labour remnants , hahaha but i am not optimistic , seems to me tories will come around . 
  oh well , the continent will adjust . 
  i like lively political entertainment , i would just prefer not to watch it in a burning building . 
   may has pledged to honour the vote and set up a team solely concentrating on our departure from the eu . 
  gove would too . 
  i had a slight hope that perhaps tories will chicken out and not push the `` article 50 '' button . 
  i guess mutti merkel is right and that 's just not going to happen . 
  eh , fuck interesting times . 
  excuse me , but i was not saying it is black and white . 
  you are talking with some other people , not me . 
  if lived on a different planet i would wish you succeeded , just to see you realize what you did . 
  sadly , i live on earth , so i wo n't risk trump even for considerable amusement . 
   and the swiss mastered that balance masterfully throughout the ages hands down . 
  damn , tattoo the flag on your forehead or something , anything less spits on your glorious heritage . 
  sadly , when the government says something - or , in this case , the real leader of the country - they represent us all . 
  that is why voting is important . 
  they ran on a mercilessly populist platform and xenophobia . 
  oh , the swiss , so enlightened , so have reached the pinnacle of civilization . 
  nothing to do with being surrounded by friendly states and lucky historical opportunism . 
  a straw-man ? 
  have n't seen this here before . 
   in either case , the whole structure gets legitimacy from the member nations acceding to the european union , in other words the exact governments bitching and moaning about the eu are the ones giving it legitimacy in the first place . 
  yup . 
  all those `` unelected '' eu officials were , in fact , agreed by the member states . 
  they are democratically sourced , this way or another . 
  brexit referendum sure minimized conflict in society . 
  i do not like name-calling either but sometimes i can make exceptions and macierewicz worked very hard for many , many years to earn his . 
  i do not care how intelligent a paranoid conspiracy theorist is , he is still a paranoid conspiracy theorist . 
  good luck !, 
  all crises pass , i hope you wo n't get damaged too much by this one . 
  nah , he would be legally barred from his posts . 
  i do n't think he is actually mentally ill either . 
  crazy like breivik or 9/11 truthers - technically fine , but still way out there . 
  because the current polish government genuinely believes poland is the `` true '' europe and once muslim invasion cripples your countries you will reject all the liberal leftist gayness and join us . 
  some forces in polish politics want guns in poland ( kukiz ) and macierewicz wants to distribute rifles to `` patriotic '' youth . 
  so we just might get our weekly mass shootings yet . 
  not under this government , no . 
   poland is one of the few countries which has met the nato threshold of its gdp and has been willing to step up its activity in both the east and south . 
  i would be really careful about elevating poland as a paragon nato member . 
  the current government is rather unpredictable , ministry of defense is led by an actual crazy person , and they are prone to being unwitting putin 's tools more often than not . 
  waaaaait ... 
  self-slaughter not necessary , just please do n't play any more . 
  a lot of crying about sovereignty . 
  complains about lack of democracy in eu , wants an undemocratic all-powerful representative . 
  classic kaczy\u0144ski , he was always anti-democratic in spirit . 
  he wants to be a lot of things . 
  they want something like 18-19th century . 
  alliances and all that bullshit that totally does n't lead to anything tragic , no . 
  bullshit , they do n't know what they are doing . 
  they just get out of something they think is constraining , but they have no `` grand vision '' . 
  speaking of bullying by stronger countries , it is exactly the thing brussels softened . 
  interaction between states without eu would be much more pragmatic and merciless . 
  many poles would . 
  only a majority is still anti-german . 
  not at all . 
  if anything , recent years show that the demons of the past are alive and well . 
  if we continue on this path , it wo n't be pretty . 
  excessively so . 
  we should n't forget the horrors of the past but obsessing about history and transposing it onto modern descendants of past war criminals is harmful and pointless . 
  translation : calling modern germans `` nazis '' or blaming them for nazi crimes is stupid . 
  modern german air force is named luftwaffe . 
  mainly because it means `` air force '' . 
  yeah , i know , it just got much more scary after witnessing brexit . 
  still , you guys ca n't get complacent at any point before you can officially say `` madam president elect '' . 
  you still get only one shot to do it right . 
  we got plenty of each . 
  we have tons of french words too , they just got so internalized we do n't even notice . 
  i was quite surprised myself , after i started learning french . 
  exactly , referenda should be on simple , preferably world-view shit that does not concern complex interconnected systems . 
  and even there i am wary , especially in case of abortion where everyone is 100 % against until the problem concerns them or their relatives directly . 
  then it is a `` special case '' . 
  this option would just win every time . 
  like everything about this situation , heh, 
  complaining about a `` sirkeljerk '' is even more useless than the dynamic itself . 
  while i agree there should be some flexibility , i think there is a difference between debt accumulated due to a brutal continent-wide armed conflict and debt made through cheerful welfare spending bonanza . 
  that 's because they were spontanously combusting every now and then . 
   world war 1 museum in kansas city this does sound kinda surreal . 
  did some shells bore through the planet and pop up in the great plains ? 
  but of course a good museum is a good museum , regardless where it is placed . 
  well , anyone who sees the world in simple black and white is wrong . 
  history , especially , was a bloody mess with no `` good '' and `` bad '' . 
   some crimes were committed by crusaders , but there was nothing criminal about the crusades . 
  apart from being bloody wars of religious conquest ? 
  sure . 
   otherwise the rapes committed by the soviet armies mean that resisting hitler was criminal . 
  that 's a bit binary , do n't you think ?
