  whether people died or did not die is not a `` technicality '' . 
  oh , of course , it was a pretty document that had almost no practical significance . 
  the way they describe it , its myth was supposedly a major element of polish identity , bolstering the desire for polish liberation . 
  no idea what was its actual impact but it makes it understandable that it remains important nationally . 
  yes . 
  i know what you meant now . 
  you mean it was the final chapter of polish cultural dominance . 
  i was talking about the lithuanian nobility becoming polish , which happened much earlier . 
  you phrased your thoughts in a weird way , so i misunderstood you . 
  really ? 
  i would have assumed it happened much earlier and the end of 18 century was a new beginning for lithuanian national identity . 
  i am too old for that shit . 
  how is the may 3 constitution seen in lithuania , anyway ? 
  it was probably celebrating independence ... from poland, 
  yeah , i know . 
  not a universal approach , sadly . 
  islamic ? 
  must be a rather niche sect , heh heh heh, 
  on the other hand it is admirable they just do n't give a fuck and enjoy themselves despite not being young and pretty . 
  in time , we will just shrug and go our way if that 's not our thing . 
  `` our membership slot goes to turkey . 
  this is non-negotiable . '', 
  bikini with a headscarf actually sounds fun , haha, 
  she needs to go to germany and liberate herself !, 
  turkey is arabs on camels , everyone knows that !, 
  one of the coolest aspects of muhte\u015fem y\u00fczy\u0131l is showing people in the west the turks are , actually , largely indistinguishable from `` white '' people . 
  as a pole , it is also wonderful to see how close culturally ottoman turkey was to poland of those days . 
  a pity the hsow is a brain-dead soap opera , but hey , ca n't have everything . 
  as a leftist , i also have a lot of sympathy towards corbyn on economic issues but god dammit , on international topics his brain froze sometime during the cold war and never thawed . 
  i do n't hear much putin sympathy from other european leftists , though , except for die linke and some syriza elements . 
  nowadays , it is the far-right that has many more links with and sympathy towards the big bear . 
  can we please not . 
  i disagree with his bullshit cold war baggage , but people can be wrong all by themselves without being enemy agents . 
  nah , he peaked some time ago and now is just digging himself more . 
  turns out , being flexible and glib is actually useful in politics , who could have thought !, 
  historians will look at this comment chain and wonder , did it really look so unlikely and off-hand , before it started ? 
  did those few words really spawn a global super-state ? 
  how curious the reality is , how humble are some beginnings !, 
  the more disliked corbyn becomes the more likely it becomes that labor itself will manage to murder him out of the post . 
  you are talking about events than happened in 1939 . 
  do you also call germans nazis in internet disputes ? 
  these are different people , different countries , different world . 
  stop blindly copypasting history onto the present . 
  i do n't think it would trigger a commando team raiding your house . 
  a pattern of undeclared expenses , on the other hand , might get some officials curious . 
  no idea if this particular measure makes sense and i do n't know the specifics , but we are already expected , in most countries , to `` rat on each other '' when we see neighbors committing a crime , domestic abuse etc. 
  if greeks want to unfuck their country then perhaps they need to break the culture of tolerating everyone cheating the state as if state was some foreign entity and not , in fact , themselves . 
  perhaps it has something to do with their hardcore entrenched culture of tax dodging ? 
  if you want less tax evasion , you need to encroach on privacy , sad but true . 
  frankly , they look more scary than they really are . 
  they are equivalent to `` sh '' and `` ch '' in english . 
  the main trick is they get sometimes used in a cluster but again , things like french vowels are more ambiguous . 
  i see it as less an educational endavor and more as a hyper-patriotic desire to seek and destroy every perceived assault on national identity , be it real or imaginary . 
  it is actually a tradition for our more extreme catholic-patriotic circles , though usually it is not validated by the government . 
  it is entirely a `` patriotic '' hysteria spun by people who read ambiguity as an assault on their national ego and who always itch to defend their polish identity at every opportunity , be it real or imagined . 
  it is bullshit , because it is a mildly ambiguous phrase that is read as an assault on polish identity by those who really wish for every opportunity to defend it . 
  i always found it to be bullshit slippery slope argumetation . 
  that if we let people use a ambiguous phrase , one day people think it was poland who did holocaust ? 
  ridiculous . 
  for that you would require a collapse of education in other countries . 
  this whole thing is about getting patriotic as much as possible . 
  you were not exactly precise about what you mean or referred to . 
  seemed pretty random , hence lack of follow-through . 
  safe and friendly environment also helps . 
  many `` non-innovative '' countries often also have stifling bureaucracies , high corruption , economic crime etc. 
   however i ca n't see a way that the government can do that one method is being done already - postponing . 
  it is actually a plausible method , even if someone is pro-leave , they usually agree the actual act needs to be well prepared . 
   however i ca n't see a way that the government can do that because if they do n't deliver enough on the referendum result they will be punished at the next election . 
  ukip could end up being bigger than the labour party . 
  eh , fptp will prevent ukip from having any kind of power . 
  maybe if they completely eat tories or something . 
  jesus , fptp is such a mess and i am very much not for ukip . 
  sure , snp ate labor in scotland , but i think we could agree their circumstances are a bit specific . 
   i ca n't see how they can keep the free movement thing though as that was the biggest issue for leave voters . 
  and without free movement there is no being part of the common market . 
  yeah , your government is fucked . 
  a terrible mess to solve . 
  that is also why they will do a lot to drag their feet and kick the can down the road . 
  even elections might not be enough to force them to action , the conflicts between various demands is quite brutal . 
  what are you even talking about now . 
  is it about my post or what ? 
  sure , though in case of the brexit referendum it was all due to cameron 's reckless political gambling . 
  it is not likely others will emulate him , having seen how it can get out of their control . 
  and even then it is not like brexit `` fixed '' anything in europe . 
  who knows when/if it will even actually happen . 
  i have much more favorable view of usa than you do , but even so being an ally does not mean you have to like each other . 
  the west was allied with stalin in second world war , you see . 
  it depends on what you mean by `` right wing '' . 
  merkel is right wing , but something tells me you mean something else . 
  in that case , i find it unlikely that , say , afd will take power in germany . 
   it 's a pretty bold statement to say the right wing has hit its peak in europe . 
  would it be the same if there are loads more islamic terrorist attacks ? 
  i said it `` seems '' . 
  i can not know the future . 
  regardless , i think people are not as simple and do not radicalize as linearly as you seem to imply . 
  meh , i treat them similarly . 
  something something religious people . 
  i do n't , by default , dislike people who are wrong . 
  of course , it is very easy for them to earn it . 
  eh , i think the world is much too complex to simplify things like that .
