  sometimes muslims came to russia too and it was n't pretty !, 
  yeah , they are just a minority , not some apocalyptic threat to culture . 
  even russia , a country that tends to be controversial , has like 6 % muslims or so and mosques all over the place . 
  does n't prevent putin from claiming to be the savior of white man civilization and does n't prevent russians from following their way of life . 
  or that they are some kind of alien species who think in some alien ways and are coordinated by a hive mind in order to overrun europe and destroy our culture . 
  let us hit a strawman some more , such a fun target !, 
  those damn < insert a caricature of a political position i disagree with  !, 
  certainly out of euro . 
  but they know that . 
  i am glad how it works nowadays . 
  in the ages past you would know who would rule , due to being a heir to the throne . 
  i prefer surprise succession . 
  be the most powerful woman in the world and people still judge you by your looks . 
  usa talks to russia about it , they just disagree . 
  what now ? 
  and yet so many europeans are in love with putin . 
  quite sad , in my opinion . 
  she is hard on the way out in domestic polish politics . 
  i have no strong dislike towards her but she definitely is n't a capable leader . 
  any calculation they make is subject to change if their home country stabilizes . 
  climate , culture , nostalgia and rebuilding opportunities are all very powerful forces . 
  the gun culture guys would n't be trusting anyway :p part of it is rooted in the civil war , i suppose . 
  well , some will inevitably go into the extreme . 
  certainly they want to ban guns as you know them , but no one would ban hunting weapons and such . 
   you can always say bad things about russians . 
  incidentally , this is article 3 of polish constitution . 
  haha , that 's awesome, 
  perhaps i did not understand you adequately . 
  i apologize if that was the case . 
  moderation is not evidence of a place being a circlejerk . 
  and again , i ask you , what is the `` proper '' `` jerk '' of this place ? 
  being pro-immigrant ? 
  i constantly argue with people with anti-immigrant views , the censorship you mention must be very poor indeed . 
  yeah , but such approach is stupid , makes people dislike the law and feel like it is oppressive . 
  strict laws should be enough without added asshattery . 
  actually , civil servants should be extra nice in such a case , to buffer the psychological impact of the law itself . 
   they try to throw out as many applications on technicalities , so you have to start over . 
  while i am for strict gun-control , i do n't think such practice is a good thing at all . 
  they should formulate the laws and procedures better , instead of relying on civil servants being assholes about the whole thing . 
  would learn to chew tobacco for bonus immersion !, 
  gun proliferation is a problem that greatly lessens the impact of such laws , though . 
  not really . 
  gun-control people usually just want stricter laws , not a ban , and swiss laws are stricter than in many states . 
  that 's in english , not arabic :p, 
  latin being the language of catholic church for centuries did not make europe know latin , though . 
  yes , it can . 
  human civilization had ( and has ) countless of cultures living along each other and finding a common language . 
  also killing each other but obviously we 'd rather avoid that nowadays . 
  it is a slow process , though , but even the most isolated communities will slowly change , whether they like it or not . 
  i do n't think getting into europe is as dependent on wealth . 
  it is a combination of determination , navigating the smuggling networks and physically braving seas/distances . 
  money helps , but i think the richest could find a place anywhere without the need for the above . 
  certainly , it can only help, 
  be glad . 
  in poland , that 's the majority opinion . 
  you will see how poland behaves after the nearest election , which the main conservative party will inevitably win . 
  damn , i was sure you were hungarian . 
  yeah , i know the mouse-over tooltip explains , but it could also be read as you being a hungarian emigre in germany which you probably are n't , 
  shit , now you got me interested . 
  heh , maybe i should also read the polish constitution at some point !, 
  those who receive asylum can also be subjected to cultural orientation , since they will be here for years at the very least . 
  it is crucial for better functioning in their adopted society . 
  yeah , they should create a streamlined derived list/text focusing on the most important stuff . 
  i do n't think views should matter for moderators too much , as long as their moderation work is good . 
  of course , strong views can influence judgement , but as long as the mod in question can recognize the risks and keep their moderation quality high , it should not be an issue . 
  i think you can still freely discuss your points here , even though some , like me , might disagree with you strongly . 
  they key is civility , something that you definitely uphold . 
  yeah , the discussions tend to be way too shrill to get into meaningful debate . 
   it 's a circlejerk really . 
  what circlejerk , exactly ? 
  pro-immigrant or anti-immigrant ? 
  pro-federalism or anti-federalism ? 
  because all those options are represented virulently here . 
  if you say this sub speaks in one voice then i ask you again : what voice exactly ? 
  wtf , the dynasty is going strong !, 
  well , look where the capital of eu is . 
  you already won . 
  moderation is hard , thankless work . 
  i am eternally thankful to those with enough motivation and energy to do it , let alone those who do it well . 
   the thing about democracy is you ca n't choose whichever prevailing social attitudes you like and yet it is exactly the problem eastern europe has . 
  it is outvoted and outnumbered by western europe to be more inclusive and yet wants to protect its culture ( in large part a set of social attitudes ) which it feels is threatened . 
  either way , democracy is not an absolute value , you can democratically vote everything in . 
  therefore , you can oppose the voice of majority if you think it is fundamentally wrong , which leads me to the fact that ... ... the ee approach is largely based on xenophobia . 
  note : i do not use the word `` xenophobia '' as an insult . 
  it simply emphasizes the emotional and irrational response people in these parts often exhibit , portraying islam and muslim refugees as an existential threat . 
  now , no one has to like islam , muslims and syrian refugees . 
  many people in the western europe ( and russia ) certainly do n't like them either . 
  the key difference is , for them it is more often a question of managing a minority they do not like , a minority which can be troublesome and which occasionally spawns terrorists . 
  for the most part , they do not see it as some kind of biblical clash between civilizations and religions like it is so often seen in eastern europe . 
  yes , such views also exist in the west but they are much less prevalent than in , say , poland . 
  this irrational position of ee prevents a more rational discussion and better management of the problem . 
  the west is not happy about the crisis and the influx either , but they have moved on the level of asking `` how to manage it '' `` how many to accept '' `` how to minimize the pain '' when ee still mentally clings to a fantastical option of `` not at all '' . 
  in such climate , any moderate opinions are drowned or are forced to defend positions they do not identify with very much . 
  well , putin is still an asshole . 
  my point was a de facto lesser xenophobia , due to russia being a country with rich transcontinental history . 
   also poland is eastern europe as well . 
  i know . 
  oh yes i know . 
  i would normally say that eastern europe can fuck off to siberia with that mentality but , surprisingly , putin is less xenophobic . 
  hell , they just built a huge mosque in moscow and yet russians are not crying about how their civilization is ending .
