  sure , circumstances , environment , culture , etc. 
  these are all factors , but we know for a fact that it can be done better . 
  we could at least nudge it up a bit , though not in a dumb way . 
  btw , for some reason and all its flaws iraq is still slightly democratic . 
  i do n't have much hope , but who knows , maybe some of it will contribute to a future democratic tradition . 
   like good and diverse economy , strong middle class , social mobility ( existence of a middle class is kinda important for this , i think ) , stable neighboring countries to support problem is , secular dictators do n't provide it either . 
  they can get periods of calm , sure , but that 's mostly achieved by covering everything in police . 
  they end up being decaying kleptocracies , with the leader 's tribe or coterie being the main beneficiary . 
  in the meantime , the rest of the country slowly builds up pressure , that gets relieved either by a revolt , war or , well , islamic terrorism . 
  middle east is also after hundreds of years of history and countless wars . 
  there is no hard reason for them not to start getting smarter . 
  how about not doing either ? 
  europe got its shit somewhat together after millennia of dumbass kings , theocrats and revolutionaries , so it is doable . 
   a coup saved people who think like that are part of the problem . 
  if you bounce between secular dictators and islamic dictators , the region will likely remain a shit-show for ever . 
  considering that one of the most famous cases of racism was about the jews - who were a well-assimilated , physically almost indistinguishable group in europe - i 'd rather go with the un one . 
  it is not misused here , see [ a comment above ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/52pc39/a_polish_man_has_been_attacked_and_beaten_by_a/d7m8ndn ) . 
  double standards , how surprising !, 
  i am fine with it decaying there in the background . 
  i have little enthusiasm for getting into a new network that would inevitably repeat much of the same bullshit . 
  urgh , i considered you better than this . 
   we do n't respect health . 
  like our actual , real , physical well-being . 
  this is not exclusive to greeks at all , even if greeks excel . 
  human condition , really , our bodies are slowly dying so people love to go into denial about it . 
  europe : continent of fun, 
  even when there was teh polish poep , poles were adept at picking and choosing what he said . 
  it 's not just my country . 
  sadly , some people everywhere get hung up on something that happened two-three-four-ten generations ago . 
  thank god europeans generally got over their history , or we would be having more european wars right now . 
  speaking of germany , this is the best germany poland ever had as a neighbour . 
  insulting and alienating it is sheer stupidity . 
  except the conflict escalated because the perpetrators demanded from the victim to stop speaking german and he refused . 
  there is a direct chain from speaking german to getting punched , sorry . 
  polish-german relations were great since hte fall of communism but the current government is quite anti-german . 
  not even due to strategy , interests or whatnot , just dumb historical mistrust . 
  not that it matters that much , they are rather disinterested in foreign policy in general . 
  the german was untouched because it was the polish professor who protested when they told them not to speak german . 
  but we can know the demands of the leave campaigners and can see how unrealistic they are . 
  how they find confidence to believe they can achieve them is secondary . 
  many uk politicians must really wish they could weasel out of brexit , simply because of the complexity and effort involved . 
  a man choosesarghargh, 
  either way the current approach is shameful from every perspective , be it anti-immigrant or otherwise . 
  what about bahrain ? 
  saudis intervened there to quell the local vesion of arab spring of the shia variety . 
  yes , very deplorable , but i do n't see how is it connected to 9/11 . 
  maybe . 
  though france does not have that much space , there would be always some unhappy locals . 
  if we agree that selling them weapons helps their regime survive , then it is , in fact , an action to keep the oil prices low . 
  if saudi arabia becomes engulfed in some insurgency ... hoo boy, 
  if you were n't implying saudi government culpability , then what does the nationality of 9/11 attackers matter for relations with the saudi government ? 
  if they were n't part of that then they can be seen as allies in combating such extremism and , perhaps , even sold weapons . 
  i was very careful to try to avoid a straw-man . 
  right-wing-minded people are , like everyone else , a very diverse bunch . 
  many people are more nuanced , arguing biases and slants etc. 
  but there is certainly a subset that paints this intimidating image of some all-powerful leftist/liberal / `` mainstream '' media and that is what the referenced left-wing programme hosts were talking about . 
  it is important to note it was a polish programme . 
  regional/national circumstances etc. 
  and the `` powerful leftist media is against us '' sentiment is not uncommon in polish right-wing circles . 
  that would n't stop poles , romanians , lithuanians etc. 
  and that 's where much of the brexit discontent comes from . 
  i think the question is way too complex even for that . 
  most countries have different mix of approaches to those points . 
  except no one will even actually `` see '' them . 
  many of them just park money in the property , sometimes not even maintaining it and letting it become ruined . 
  not that it matters much , the ones that are physically there live in their gilded bubbles , out of the sight of mere mortals . 
  it is all a question of opinion and criticism can be constructive , obstructive or sometimes both . 
  some people thought uk brought more problems than not . 
  i 'd rather they stayed but oh well . 
  i am not saying they are enthusiastic . 
  i am saying they might be less of a problem than uk was . 
  frankly , an official detention camp would probably do the same . 
  the chinese had a wall to keep the mongolians out . 
  not very effective either !, 
  still , they have different calculations . 
  sweden , for example , sometimes feels threatened by russia and might be more open towards the idea of an european army , as an alternative to joining nato . 
  also , they are more community-minded than uk in general . 
  even if we assumed the leaders are genuinely committed to the idea of brexit , the complexity of a task can , by itself , make politicians not do it or postpone it indefinitely . 
  and , again , there are real doubts about how committed they actually are . 
  they are , or were , the most prominent and most vocal opponent of tighter integration . 
  sadly , just my fuzzy memory . 
  there was tons of coverage before the referendum but i remember reading in a few places that some eu bureaucrats and eu politicians were not saddened by the prospect of uk leaving . 
  makes sense , considering uk was obstructing many continental initiatives for years . 
  like the eu army , for example . 
  yeah , this thread 's content was rather predictable . 
  i do n't mind people having different opinions , but the circular nature of many exchanges is quite tedious . 
   we know we have a problem but ca n't seem to wrap our hands around it and do the hard things required to solve it . 
  what `` hard things '' , exactly ? 
   it is not your business to comment on what our ( read the french people 's ) politicians are commenting about . 
  i suspect telling people what they can comment on might be a little silly . 
  having recently watched * yes , minister * , i am reaaally not certain . 
  they seem to be kicking it down the road hoping the mood changes or that an excuse materializes . 
  of course they are saying they do n't , haha, 
  this was exactly why some eu members and officials secretly cheered brexit . 
  that wo n't do . 
  otherwise every country will make tons of exceptions for themselves and the army will be useless . 
  of course , it can have strict protections from being abused and specific conditions where it can go . 
  but it must be always ready to shoot on command . 
  also , fringe countries like yours can just claim `` neutrality '' and use the rest of europe as a buffer from everything . 
  welp .
