  things like that are extremely tricky and the risks of further alienation are not imaginary . 
  yeah , it happens , but it is quite unlikely . 
  many more sharks in russia just waiting for putin to get weaker , too . 
  frankly , putin is old anyway . 
  he is unlikely to live until 2042 , let alone remain in power . 
  the reverse midas . 
  http://imgur.com/cjlbuvl.jpg i can almost smell the ozone !, 
  merkel is not the problem , the problem is that some countries want to accept some refugees and some countries want zero refugees . 
  both stances are deeply rooted in culture , hence this deadlock . 
  the comment you replied to says :  europe has to defend ( ... ) the secular governments and laws how do you get adopting islam from it , i do not know . 
  it 's not like people who abandoned christianity will now pick islam because of some `` void '' . 
  most people abandon christianity because they become more rational . 
  islam is n't exactly catering to that demographic . 
  name of the language in english and in itself . 
  i agree . 
  they should be pressured out of doing that , certainly . 
   i post such things because i personally like to read about the situation of refugees . 
  and when i read about i will submit any article i find interesting here , both positive and negative . 
  this is commendable , but while the article talks about not being able to have sex with one 's spouse , your title suggests they feel entitled to sex in general . 
  i would say there is major difference there , with your title causing confusion and suggesting a very unfavorable image of refugees . 
   and a minor thing , when discussing the right of association ( article 15 ) , the refugee explicitly excludes the right of political and trade unionist-association from this right . 
  so inherently refugees do not have the right to protest . 
  i really disagree that protesting about life conditions is political or trade-unionist . 
  of course you do n't have to listen to the protest , if it is not justified . 
  but right to protest is a human right , you can not deny them that . 
  i have no idea what is the purpose of such submissions . 
  how does it change the situation in the least ? 
  they are still refugees even if they are assholes . 
  as long as they comply with asylum processing procedures and commit no crimes , they can do whatever . 
  that includes protesting , whether they are justified or not . 
  they are bound to be part of the refugee populace , just like criminals and opportunists . 
  refugees are a slice of a foreign society , with ups and downs . 
   concluding , while po may be the lesser evil in some people 's view , they 've still not had the chance to learn their lesson . 
  they need to go and be gone , before they can learn anything meaningful . 
  oh , i agree . 
  they are a wreck , have been for a while . 
  but they are still less harmful then pis . 
  even now , when they are shade of their former self . 
  hence my sadness about polish political class . 
  not going to vote for them anymore , though . 
  if ze nation desires to be ruled by crazy paranoid conservatives , then perhaps another lesson is in order . 
  i have my own grassroots niche leftist option and can actually vote non-tactically for a change . 
  i was talking more about traditionalism , really . 
  from my limited understanding , expats can feel alienated and they counteract it by clinging to tradition and traditional prejudices . 
  they can go easily overboard with it , because they are no longer immersed in their original culture . 
  i am not voting for them this time around . 
  my point is most alternatives are even worse than them . 
  hence , sadness . 
  heh heh , yeah , been there done that, 
  there is . 
  it is not my thing , definitely , but it is still miles better than pis , kukiz and korwin . 
  they will never integrate !, 
  an entirely alien culture , totally incompatible with poland . 
  just classic xenophobia due to living in an ethnically homogenous country . 
  sad to see expats behave like that , though it is not very surprising . 
  many emigres become more conservative , as a reaction to living in a foreign culture . 
  still dumb , though . 
   the so called `` opening '' was just an election stunt by the po ( civic platform party ) . 
  they are really hurting in the polls after years of broken promises . 
  the sad part is , they are still the lesser evil . 
  even hopeless and disintegrated as they are , they are preferable to most alternatives . 
  yay polish political class . 
  really ? 
  the west of one hundred years ago was deeply racist , sexist , there were little to none labor laws , many places were still feudal and then they fought two of the most horrible wars in history . 
  they were n't hopeless , of course , they were still better than their ancestors . 
  but we can see that we are better and people in a hundred years will probably see the same . 
  yeah , of course , the doomsday possibility is always on the table, 
  i knew that you probably did n't mean it . 
  but , well , using such a comparison might work like that whether you like it or not . 
  now , to answer your actual point and better illustrate my earlier post : the poster i replied to equated the approach of eastern europe , which amounted to not accepting any refugees , to belgian weariness after accepting a lot of them . 
  countries have their limits , but those of the eastern european ones ( except maybe hungary ) are n't even on the horizon . 
  good one . 
  have n't seen refugees compared to cancer yet . 
  the thing about crime perpetrators is that they plan to avoid consequences altogether . 
  losing large chunk of life in prison is not part of any criminal 's plan either . 
  they do n't think they will be caught or are too stupid/crazy to think about it at all . 
  no one sane thinks `` oh okay , i will just spend life in prison , i can murder someone now !, 
  just because you voted about it does n't make it less savage to me . 
  a cultural difference , if you will , due to which i genuinely feel i am slightly more sane . 
  without food , they will riot and steal because food is kinda crucial to not dying . 
  what then ? 
  yeah , but that 's optional . 
  what matters the most is to remove a bloody dictator from power . 
  even putting them in prison is just a bonus - the most important thing is for them to stop hurting thousands . 
  yeah , my point is that it is not necessarily the fault of religion . 
  more like , religion often acts as an amplifier for whatever bullshit traditionalist savagery people come up with . 
  it is even more funny , because poles are vehemently opposed to dirty moosleems stealing jobs and leeching welfare but are all for migrating everywhere to steal jobs and leech welfare . 
  when poland takes in a similar proportion of refugees , we can talk . 
  but you saw what happened . 
  border countries got overwhelmed and/or overcrowded . 
  after that , many started to shift the problem onto others , starting a hot-potato game and a festival of blaming . 
  eu countries should formulate a common policy and help each other in managing the effects . 
  otherwise it puts the existence of the whole union into question . 
  sad , is n't it . 
  we think we are so civilized but in a hundred years people will see us as misguided savages , just like we see people from a century ago . 
  well , there are many other problems . 
  it is needlessly cruel , it does n't save money and it does n't deter crime , to name a few . 
   edit : whoa , look at the reaction here . 
  ` muricans are really proud of their electric chairs and their guns . 
  sorry folks .
