stage three , bargaining, 
  win-win !, 
  tbh , american prison system is really horrible . 
  i did read about some private prisons where inmates have to work to get basic stuff , like winter coats , so it does amount to forced labour . 
  this does not make russia any less shitty , mind you . 
  and , of course , no political/corrupt imprisonment is being tolerated . 
  yeah , hence once per generation . 
  it would be reasonable to have another in ten years or twenty . 
  it would be unreasonable to launch them every few years . 
  paralyze by focusing everyone 's energies into the referendum and creating an atmosphere of uncertainty that would prevent any long decent term planning of economy and business matters . 
  perhaps this experience will persuade them to get their shit together . 
  hopefully . 
  i am glad you folks voted no , but hopefully this will be a powerful signal for the asshats in westminster . 
  not saying all of them are , but boy , do the asshat party hold strong . 
  after this one ? 
  i think they should . 
  will clear the air , big time . 
  now i am thirsty !, 
  yeah , either way it would be good . 
  that is why uk referendum on eu would be a good thing . 
  although , boy , that would be messy ... 
  having such referendums every few years would paralyze countries for decades . 
  fucking insane - from the perspective of most other countries especially, 
  yeah , that would be actually quite unifying , providing the answers would be indeed no . 
  especially since similar economic considerations as in scotland would work against separatism in these places . 
  still , it would be a risk few in madrid would want to take , i suppose . 
  scotland won either way . 
  and so did uk , i think . 
  hopefuly this will spur the english to become more politically active as well . 
  this suggests that there is , in the modern world , something like `` independence '' . 
  there is n't . 
  yeah , because no citizen or corporate groups try and influence your elected officials , no . 
  it is not bullshit , it is just a `` what if '' . 
  sure , many of those `` groups '' are not even groups , but it is just fantasy as to what would happen . 
  ah , okay , i thought you were equalizing rt with western outlets because `` no one is objective '' etc. 
  of course , it might provide some interesting insights . 
  but you ca n't blame people for being hostile toward a source that is so often putin 's loudspeaker . 
  i agree it can be discussed , though . 
  some outlets are much more ruthless and prone to , uh , reality modification than others . 
  do not commit the fallacy of false equality . 
  why not straight to washington dc , laying an oceanic causeway as they go . 
  on a serious note , many other countries - including his allies - do n't like it much either . 
  so the ae affects everyone , really . 
  he does n't want to either way . 
  it would be way to costly in manpower , money , lives and support and that 's not even counting a long and bloody occupation . 
  his best option was always to influence ukraine , keep it either weak or servile and within russia 's orbit . 
  even now , he would prefer to break the ukrainian government and force them to a wide `` autonomy '' for the eastern regions , which would serve as his trojan horse . 
  while i sympathize , that would allow putin to abandon all pretense and just invade with regular army . 
  which would be good , in a sense , as it would irrevocably paint putin as a warmongering asshole ( well , more than now , that is ) , but it would be very very not good for you people . 
  still , the west can support you in many ways - and it already does . 
  wish you luck !, 
  only if leaders live in it . 
  he can always quit nato and eu , if he wants . 
  well , now that 's surprising indeed !, 
  i , for one , welcome our slovakian overlords . 
  hahaha , indeed , thanks !, 
  sithrak is actually shamelessly stolen from oglaf http://oglaf.com/sithrak/ ( if you do n't know it , the strip in general is sometimes nsfw , but this one is very much safe ), 
  because she is italian !, 
  yeah , but the position is hardly tailored for tough motherfuckers . 
  he speaks german fluently , but do n't tell any poles !, 
  the west is actually being tougher than i thought it would be . 
  the current sanctions are substantial and more are on the way . 
  yup , we just might be screwed . 
  canada is already leaps and bounds closer to what eu considers norm . 
  ukraine would have to go through a hundred hoops to get anywhere close . 
  i am sure you get a lot of talking on the topic , heh heh i just do n't see it ending amicably . 
  both catalonia and scotland have considerable demands for their host countries and i can see only acrimony down that road . 
  negotiations are bound to be brutal and once you cross the point of no return , spain ( and uk ) will likely become quite uncooperative indeed . 
  i wish you luck , if you pursue this path , but i personally feel there is no point in this . 
  catalonia outside eu would hurt eu much much less than it would hurt catalonia . 
  does n't most of your trade come from spain ? 
  i mean , secede if you really want to , i just would oppose such a move , were i catalan . 
  free trade alone would require shitloads of bureaucracy , most of which would be dictated/regulated by brussels . 
  have cake/eat cake . 
  myself , i am very sympathetic towards the ukrainian people , but i believe eu first needs to get its shit together and decide what it wants to be . 
  any transition - either to tighten or loosen the ties - will become harder and harder the more countries join . 
  yeah , most of them are healthy either way . 
  the fun part is , they can not just ignore it without very serious repercussions . 
  this is business court , not some silly human rights tribunal . 
  your post suggested as much , apologies if i was mistaken, 
  thank god you know the truth, 
  well , fighting israel does not stop settlement . 
  so i suppose it would be better to negotiate peace as soon as possible to lessen israel 's gains ? 
  irrelevant . 
  this situation has to end at some point . 
  becoming part of a larger structure does not require abandoning one 's identity . 
  even nationally homogenous countries actually differ internally quite a lot . 
  why would a london inhabitant live with the rest of uk ? 
  why just not float away ? 
  no country is separated from the rest of the world . 
  by enlarging the sphere of relative prosperity , you safeguard your own . 
  yeah , well , no one says they did not fuck up . 
  still , snowden revealed more than that . 
  so there . 
  in a way ? 
  yes , they are , in service of their state . 
  just like soldiers are trained murderers , in service of their state . 
  perhaps one day we will be able to live without those things . 
  but not soon . 
  every spy agency commits crimes .
