  i am sure it is worth for many . 
  they have long talked about the idea of `` miedzymorze '' , with poland as an obviously dominant partner . 
  v4 is only ever united on not wanting brown people . 
  otherwise , it is highly divergent , not to mention the fact that pis sees it in imperialist terms . 
  define `` really well '' . 
  do they firmly hold power ? 
  sure . 
  is it a good thing and are they going in good directions ? 
  that 's a matter of opinion . 
  they do reasonable stuff sometimes . 
  humans gravitate to towards the average , trying to fully enforce utter incompetence is hard , some competence will usually slip through . 
  decent shot at diplomatic , too . 
  as someone else pointed out she does give a shit : not about games , per se , but that she considers this sphere notable enough that she thinks it worth to pander to . 
  who said it was ? 
  in millions of euros in structural funds . 
  you are probably using some facility or a road or a school that was built using german money . 
  so sod off and quit the eu , if you feel mistreated . 
  there is also `` parachute '' , which is an umbrella against gravity . 
  europe , especially western europe , has long been known for being very , very gay . 
  netherlands superior in everything , even their jihadis are of higher quality, 
  that 's marvellous but entirely useless , because syria is not populated by poles but by syrians and they happen to be mostly muslims . 
  imo it probably depends on the specific situation . 
   iraq has their own right to accept to let in a foreign army or not . 
  hiding it as a private company , is not good for our long term interest nor theirs . 
  sure , but it brings it all to diplomatic level , where all kinds power struggles , national emotions etc. 
  have outsize influence . 
  in the meantime , some things just need to be done so people went for a workaround . 
  it is also relatively harmless too , most of the time , though it can obviously blow up in spectacular ways . 
  to be honest , we ca n't always have what we want and faced with horrible options we might have to compromise . 
  remember , when faced with hitler , the west allied with stalin . 
  not that i want any alignment with assad . 
  however , he might have to be grudgingly tolerated at some point and i think that is what macron is hinting at . 
  because trump is an ignorant fool who ca n't really grasp the intricacies of those conflicts and delegates most decisions to mattis and the pentagon . 
  well , geopolitics are complex and with some entities you often have to be both an ally and a rival depending on the particular setting . 
  for all the russia antipathy , the west still works with russia in a plenty of fields . 
  so there is n't a cake , there is a whole cake shop full of cakes , where various global cake powers eat some cakes , have other cakes or share them between each other . 
  your analysis of what the west wants seems rather superficial , i am afraid . 
  the west wants stability and predictability first and foremost - they support the iraqi government , for example , even though it is an iranian ally at this point , because it is somewhat stable . 
  it would be enough to split it into a dozen of belgiums with a brussels here and there . 
  yeah , so ? 
  islamists are not by definition international jihadists . 
  problem is , assad is hardly an alternative or a solution . 
  it is his management of the country and his conduct that fueled this war in the first place and had it spiral out like it did . 
  do we really think his iron-fisted rule will bring long-term peace ? 
  would n't it just make the postpone the conflict and create another explosion in ten years or so ? 
  i have severe doubts him or his cronies are capable of anything else . 
  at first the opposition was protesting in the streets , so assad arrested and tortured them en masse . 
  then they started to arm themselves and defect from the military , but they were still pretty reasonable otherwise . 
  as the war went on , rebel groups became more islamist but many were still somewhat sane . 
  after years of conflict , though , most of western rebellion degenerated into a jihadist clusterfuck hated by the populace , the west and each other . 
  so here we are , now assad is `` the better alternative '' , just because he prefers to murder people in an orderly manner and does n't pray as much . 
  challenge fucking accepted , they would regret it, 
  nice !, 
   not sure what this hoped to achieve ? 
  trolling you , among other things !, 
  cherman propaganda is meticulously prepared and slowly spreads over the long term , across many waves and iterations of memes . 
  i knew it was n't the catalan flag because i am very familiar with it after past five hundred spanish trolling attempts in this sub . 
  pizza with pineapple , the highest depravity . 
  18-22 for me , but yeah . 
  different temperature should be reserved for trips somewhere . 
  if thinking that societies are complex organisms that require complex solutions is pretentious to you , then i am sorry . 
  saying `` crime is bad '' is right and yet it is just as useless . 
  your assumptions are just as naive . 
  we do not know how will people behave in 20-30 years when today 's immigrants settle . 
   just assume that that generation is going to be different . 
  well , this happened with every generation before so what do i know . 
  i am sure it is all very simple to you . 
   how our nations should be how should they be ? 
  or not , because we do not know how those people will behave in 20-30 years when this will bear fruit . 
  i disagree with a lot of `` predictions '' thrown around here . 
  there is no `` problem recognition '' in the kind of `` analysis '' that gets thrown around here . 
  `` islam is bad '' , `` mena migrants are bad '' . 
  mkay , got it , very nuanced , very helpful . 
  he is allowed to say whatever he wants and i am allowed to point out how empty and useless it is . 
  no , it can not be prevented . 
  it can be only reduced and that is what is being done . 
  there are no magic solutions here , sorry . 
   wake from the delusion of multiculturalism this is completely meaningless . 
  it was the same during the previous european wave of terrorism . 
  shock , then welp , part of life . 
  and that 's helpful how exactly ? 
  the brain adapts , though . 
  i am not even angry anymore , just sad people waste their and other people 's lives for such bullshit . 
   the great people of europe are waking up to the bullshit yeah , remind me when they finish waking up , so far they do not agree with you in their elections . 
  that would get an average pole up to around 125 % of the `` no colored refugees ever '' stance . 
  they are already identical !, 
  so , join the united kingdom ? 
  she was a girl once and all girls will be like her . 
  we should not get too fanatical about youth . 
  fortunately we live in better times , my car-centrism-hating friend . 
   so i should be satisfied with limited freedom ? 
  yes , civilization is all about limiting freedom . 
  i am sure deciding that is the role of the court . 
  courts are supposed to take all such factors into account . 
  and just yesterday before the fire started we were joking on this sub about high temperature in portugal ... this is horrible . 
  tbh , casualties in wildfires can be also due to negligence , flouting forest and building regulations , illegal forest burning etc. 
  less chance then in a building fire , obviously . 
  it is a normal phrase , appropriate in this situation . 
   the person should be put outside of the society no matter what . 
  i personally would not like to live next to a mass murderer or a rapist , i think you also would n't .
