  you really should n't calculate like that . 
  that kind of thinking causes people who , for example , hate america to whitewash america 's enemies , whoever they are . 
  even if they are north korea . 
  `` oh look , a cherman , must be a nazi '', 
  feels  reals brown people scary , right wing party keeps scary away . 
  the problem is , `` good deal '' is completely subjective . 
  there are also different opinions about what actually benefits both sides . 
  eu does n't need to want to punish uk - the whole situation is so uncertain , so ambiguous that it is punishing in itself . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/emmanuel_goldstein i know , i knooow , references to this book are * really * tired on reddit but could n't help myself . 
  the image of an evil omnipresent puppeteer that is created for soros seems hilariously similar . 
   seeing how the uk is treated for wanting to leave how would you want eu to treat the uk ? 
  give them all they want by default because they had a referendum ? 
  it is all cold hard interests now - divorces are ugly , no way around it . 
  the sad thing for me as a pole is that there still might be another possible contraction with some eastern europe members leaving or exiling themselves into deep periphery . 
  still , health of the eu is crucial for everyone in europe , whether they are a member or not . 
  you lie , donald trump totally represents blue collar workers and the country poor . 
  i have seen it brought up as a symbol of eu waste and bureaucracy . 
  not suiting one 's favored narrative is one thing , going full-on war-of-civilizations apocalyptic alarmism , is another . 
  they let such reservations be . 
  i just do n't click on most `` immigrant '' threads , they are pretty sad . 
  omg the end is near white race is being eradicated rip germany, 
  look at the other thread with a gallery of parliaments of europe , a lot of them are pretty awesome . 
  the red makes it look much better . 
  actually , after seeing all those other parliaments in that other gallery , this one looks rather disappointing . 
  i mean , the reichsadler is cool , but the swastikas on the sides look rather bland and the place looks cramped . 
  this is the `` trump is actually a master tactician masquerading as an idiot '' theory and it has been thoroughly debunked long ago . 
  he is first and foremost an idiot . 
  i dislike obsessing too much about youthful beauty . 
  in a way , getting older allows the uglier women to get away from this bullshit . 
  age , the great equalizer . 
  can confirm , i am subscribed to soros newsletter . 
  white race is a problem , but we are working on eliminating it . 
  vacuous grandstanding by polish politicians ? 
  that 's new . 
  most us are not `` pro-migrant '' , just anti `` just shoot them/let them drown '' populist bullshit . 
   you figure the rest out . 
  nice dog whistle there . 
  if only we could ban black people from having guns , amrite ? 
  i do n't . 
  why should i ? 
  i just love this argument . 
  most things are n't specifically designed and optimized for quick and efficient killing , guns are . 
  are you for real . 
  gun nuttery is the biggest bubble of them all . 
  down with the system , bro , governments are evil, 
  i forgot about it !, 
  that takedown was savage !, 
  i thought military equipment often had variants ? 
  extra heating for finns better ac for spaniards ? 
  can be a bunch of various euro helicopters , ordered by countries as needed . 
  any euro army would likely integrate much of the national military industry anyways . 
  comment plagiarism !, 
  the times we live in !, 
  this is true . 
  for all the pro-corporate us ideology , they have some really nasty institutions that can go and hurt global players . 
  better not inform trump about it . 
  for many politicians when reality is in conflict with politics , tough shit for reality . 
  they will spin , they will bullshit , they will lie to maintain the narrative and maintain control . 
  even when the world burns all around them , there will be dictators and priests and warlords promising illusions for the desperate masses . 
  you will live on thinking how things would suck much less if the people were less stupid . 
  kinda like everyone else , to various extent . 
  on one hand i agree , i usually prefer to split aesthetics from the politics . 
  on the other hand , i have long lost much of my fascination with skyscrapers , they are just a dick-measuring contest of the rich more often than not . 
  frankly , that is a good thing for france . 
  your business , while selfish and often corrupt , is still less self-centered than the russian economic princedoms . 
  yeah , some countries fear such an army would be used for some desert adventures . 
  however there might be a framework to make its use acceptable without making it indecisive . 
  that 's what i am assuming proponents of the eu army are aiming for . 
   if eu made sure the countries could only buy leopard tanks for example , that 's anything but free and fair competition . 
  militaries are usually not the best place to exercise free market . 
  they have been always skewed towards control and central planning . 
  free market leaves a lot to chance . 
  national military industries tend to be heavily entrenched lobbies with very long traditions . 
  the fight wold be really fierce . 
   when there is a will ten there is a posibility . 
  right , why not require a lawyer too , then , it would n't make it impossible . 
  what do you want them to learn ? 
  sexual abstinence ? 
  sex after marriage ? 
   is it good that ` stupid behaviour ' are without consequences ? 
  yes . 
  civilization is very much about protecting us from our fallibility . 
   are n't they more popular , because of lack of consequences ? 
  if you think people will `` learn '' when they get unwanted pregnancies , then you are sorely mistaken . 
  you can not always arrange the doctor 's visit so quickly . 
  and that 's beside the point anyway , because prescription is bullshit . 
  there is no need for prescription , this is pure ideology . 
  if you do n't want the pill to be easily accessible , fine , but do not claim prescription makes sense . 
  technically , not , but they knowingly made it useless . 
  morning after pill is an emergency method . 
  people use it when they did something stupid and panic the next day . 
  now , the new law requires prescription , which will push most potential users out of the effective period of said pill . 
  but they kept us safe from the muslim invasion !!, 
  fair enough , though i was not pursuing this angle here . 
   yeah it 's because we hate brown people . 
  hahaha , i did n't even say that . 
  defensive much . 
  hey sure , erdogan was also great for turkish economy and he is still loved for success in that area . 
  does n't change the fact of going away from democracy . 
  all at the small price of not having functioning democratic institutions .
