  britian , on the other hand , is very much part of europe culturally , economically , you name it . 
  that is why the uk 's complaining is that much more potent and why the risk of its exit is such a huge issue . 
  `` never '' is a very long time and i would n't lay claims to it . 
  if situation in or outside uk becomes really violatile and/or eu majorly changes ( possibly via disintegrating first ) and/or the mood in uk changes ... who knows . 
  you guys got it honed to perfection, 
  as a pole , i say you can fucking have it . 
  we have an example of a very similar country left alone and that country is syria . 
  not saying iraq is doing great nowadays , but one could argue they have so far ended up better . 
  they lost some territory , but at least the rest of the country is reasonably stable . 
  there were arguments iraq war actually delayed the arab spring . 
  people were too busy being pissed at americans to build up anti-government discontent . 
   i get the feeling that it isnt a high regard for trump so much as a widespread desire to burn down the establishment . 
  i find it sad how they picked as the `` anti system outsider '' a goddamn modern-day aristocrat . 
  that 's what the trump-supporting conservatives want ? 
  to be ruled by people who are solely defined by being heirs of rich families ? 
  that 's just depressing . 
  maybe your insults made me less diligent in my post ? 
  do n't know , do n't care . 
  no , and this is not what i implied . 
  you can ignore the globally stabilizing role of nato , if you want , but it is not some binary bullcrap you pictured . 
  thankfully . 
  but it should be concerning how favorable moscow is to european far-right troublemakers . 
   you think russia would be the domineering partner in a hypothetical relationship of similar strength of military 's . 
  no , i simply believe their meddling is much more destructive than that of the us . 
  they also tend to support quite unsavory politicians - various oligarchs or parties like fn - among their allies or would-be allies . 
   also being in an alliance with russia has in fact worked out very well for syria . 
  you mean one of the most fucked up countries in the world right now ? 
  that `` stand your ground '' and `` bomb everyone '' advice from russia sure created a roadmap for the region . 
  give it some ten more years of civil war and it will be all fine !, 
  do n't know how is it relevant to what i said ? 
  if you see the russian approach to their allies as better than us approach to their allies then i can not possibly help you . 
  are you serious , sarcastic or triple-layer sarcastic ? 
  sometimes it is hard to tell , really . 
  lol , that is not what i said but okay you seem to be good at interpreting things well . 
  maybe so . 
  but it would require too much effort for too little benefit so whatevs . 
  you already have the internet and you already claim there are so many lies . 
  i am not going to spend time compiling a list for you to just nope out of it . 
  this is something you have to reach by yourself . 
  or not . 
  so she wants to serve russian interests instead ? 
  sweet , good thing it is not those bad americans then . 
  the fear is not irrational . 
  putin has some overt views , many interests and widely known practices that are contrary to the aims and values of much of europe and affirm all of what i said in my previous post . 
  this is n't some speculation , this is a whole library of actions he made over the many years of his rule . 
  feel free to judge him differently , if you will . 
  nukes wo n't shield anyone from the very real risk of this lovely subcontinent going to shit if it destabilizes . 
  i mean , it only ever happened a dozen times before . 
  ha ha , putin apologism best apologism . 
  can i remind everyone how fn is anti-nato ? 
  i mean , let 's forget eu for a second , it is nato that is and has been the guarantee of long-term peace in europe . 
  do we really want to go back from being a sandbox full of envious children to a sandbox full of envious children pointing guns at each other ? 
  are n't thousands of years of european history a major hint by now ? 
  not formally , no . 
  but there sure is an approximation http://www.themoscowtimes.com/news/article/russian-european-far-right-parties-converge-in-st-petersburg/517839.html, 
  it is n't , but it is an authoritarian non-democractic single-leader assholedicktatorship, 
  please . 
  there are shitloads of amoral western financial institutions who nonetheless are n't the mothafucking kremlin . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=186ebarmnzu ), 
  reading target articles or , god forbid , researching context ? 
  what is this craziness . 
  i do n't think they are friendly either , daesh is a threat to them too . 
  but they see ypg as a bigger problem now so that 's how they behave . 
  not that i approve . 
  hey i agree . 
  i do n't know that much about pkk but the way i see it they are a separatist / independence movement , not that different from other historical insurgencies , some of which we considered `` the good guys '' . 
  they might use questionable tactics , i just find branding them `` terrorists '' and lumping them with isis overly simplistic and unhelpful . 
  are you certain ? 
  iraq mostly featured a sunni insurgency . 
  syrian war features like six sides, 
  did n't realize r/conspiracy also contributes here . 
  pleasure to meet you guys, 
  yeah well , part of why isis persists i that because defeating it is not the main priority for any regional actors, 
  of course , i just think it is more complex and just calling them the baddies solves nothing, 
  what i mean is that it does n't matter what are they called . 
  it just seemes to me they are fuelled partially by genuine grievances of at least part of the kurdish populace and defeating/disarming them should also happen through non military means . 
  syrian civil war is the greatest clusterfuck in a long while , though . 
  when you are this close , there are bound to be shockwaves . 
  you know , pkk is definitely problemtic . 
  but saying they are terrorists and that 's it is way too simplistic . 
  they are a rebel group at war with the state no matter if you consider them invalid or not . 
  also , most rebels in history were called `` bandits '' or `` terrorists '' by the host state . 
  does n't change the fact they were sometimes reinforced by issues that could be solved differently than through military action or that they partially represented some disenfranchised groups . 
  if only it was so simple !, 
  to be honest , it is very hard to prevent all terrorist attacks regardless of the state 's competence . 
  i mean , 9/11 attackers hit the mothafucking * pentagon * . 
  when i heard about it all those year ago i really felt the end might be nigh . 
  one might wonder , though , if the state is handling the kurdish issue well . 
  kinda inevitavable in military operations . 
  the important part is how hard they try to avoid it . 
  not really . 
  all rebel groups in history targeted the state and many were considered `` good '' . 
  are you certain it is , though ? 
  perhaps they were n't but now erdogan forced them to actually get closer . 
  even though i disagree with many turkey policies , no one deserves that . 
  to be honest , it is a neighbouring country . 
  you were screwed anyway, 
  this sub went to shit a while ago , as the anti-immigrant crowd overrun it . 
  nothing to do about it , parts of the internet are like that . 
  they harass the women too .
