  their action is logical , it is just flows from misguided assumptions . 
  you see such people here often ? 
  also , all of what you described depends on the degree . 
  do european ex-colonial powers owe something to their former colonies ? 
  i think so . 
  do they owe everything ad infinitum ? 
  nope . 
  were the former communist regimes bad ? 
  yeah , they were . 
  did they have some redeeming qualities ? 
  yeah , they had . 
  i do think the old meanings of `` nation '' should be gradually phased out , especially the ethnic sense . 
  does it make me a far-left postnationalist ? 
  haha , i wish it was all only in my head . 
  but seriously , i think you grossly overestimate the number of people who call everyone a xenophobe . 
  i barely see anyone not being part of the anti-immigrant hatejerk nowadays . 
  oh okay , have n't seen anyone like that anyway . 
  but is calling _ some _ people xenophobic and racist okay ? 
  or is it also `` far-left '' ? 
  they are obviously overwhelmed . 
  become one and see how fun and orwellian it is . 
  they are recruiting now . 
  yeah , now it feels like worldnews at times . 
  and yeah , some conspiracy-minded posts did raise my eyebrow . 
  that 's actually not that terrible . 
  as a mechanism . 
  the effect still sucks . 
  while i do n't want immigrant love without conditions , i agree this place became quite xenophobic . 
  the problem is not that people are just anti-immigrant , they focus mostly on fear and hate . 
  hence , xenophobia . 
  define `` far-left '' posting . 
  no , really , i do n't know what you mean . 
  being anti-immigrant by itself is not xenophobic or racist . 
  making terrible disparaging simplifications about them is . 
   out current mods are removing treats because they do n't like their content if you are arguing that mods are censoring anti-immigrant content then they are doing a terrible job about it . 
  i am not sure jumping to the other extreme is the best way to go . 
  via mockery . 
  which does prove the op point a bit . 
  it is not about western support , it is about deep historic hate of russia . 
  at best they could blackmail poland into some sort of subservience - like they did a few times before - but no willing alliance would be probable . 
  haha , no , poland wo n't ally itself with russia for any reason, 
  if communism was `` the left '' then nazism was `` the right '' . 
  point is , such simplifications make no sense . 
  i would n't say fully , but differences tend to lessen when emotions go down . 
  and the immigration debate is horribly , horribly emotional , sadly . 
   europeans do n't like hearing calls for prayers . 
  i agree . 
  i hate the nearby church bells with passion . 
   correct . 
  i 'm not saying they turn to crime because they 're muslim or `` non-european '' . 
   and they 'll stay poor because it 's hard to integrate them into the workforce . 
  that 's part of my point . 
  religion itself is not the problem - numbers and poverty are . 
   it 's hard for the government to resettle everyone equally . 
  therefore the problem would persist . 
  yeah , it is difficult , but ignoring the problem , which is what europe did , makes the ghetto situation much worse . 
   causing almost zero troubles abroad . 
  i meant it is an imported extremist ideology . 
   it does n't mean we should help them on european soil . 
  i 'm 100 % for helping them in turkey , syria , jordan , etc. 
  i agree it would be best . 
  thing is , this current crisis is the result of not helping - and not even in syria or turkey , we ignored what was happening in greece and italy , eu members . 
  karma , in a way . 
   about poor people who are religious . 
  usually a package deal , sadly . 
  they are going to germany because germany is welcoming . 
  a eu-wide system would provide them decent conditions anywhere . 
  big cities provide opportunities . 
  they do n't have to be lugged into big ghettos - ghettos are the result of not giving a fuck and just dumping them in one place . 
  they can be placed in smaller , more dispersed groups . 
  there is no requirement for them to be in the deep countryside . 
  there are plenty of big cities in europe , though . 
  oh okay then, 
  we can cherry pick all day . 
  ancient religious texts have both the `` love '' component and the `` war '' component . 
  arguing that christianity is somehow superior to islam is hilarious . 
  they both are just collections of myths that can be used for whatever . 
  but it is all nothing in the face of a bigger problem - you perceive people form a different cultural circle as some kind of homogenous drones who follow their holy book to the letter . 
  that is just not real . 
   demands for mosques to be built so ? 
   significant increases in crime poor people usually increase crime . 
   creation of muslim-majority ghettoes ghettos are a result of ignoring the problem in the first place . 
  and a very convenient way to just dump all the immigrants there . 
   importation of extremist idelogies quite a lot of neonazis in poland , i must say . 
   let them live in their own countries in any way they prefer . 
  it 's their country , their choice , their citizens . 
  the thing with refugees is that their countries stop to function due to a lot of shooting . 
   let us take highly educated and skilled muslims - i fully support we get engineers from the middle east , doctors from egypt or software developers from pakistan . 
  but do not let an unskilled and uneducated stream of believers in conflicting ideologies set foot in europe bypassing all laws and regulations . 
  so is it about religion or poor people ? 
  hence a system that provides aid for compliance and transfers funds to the host countries if they happen to be poor . 
   clear indications we will face a wave of millions or tens of millions willing to come to europe , to escape the effects of climate change , of overpopulation , of poverty and of the inevitable civil strifes resulting from the above it is scaremongering , because of the apocalyptic vision it creates , the certainty with which you show it and the suggestion it will be sudden and devastating . 
  yes , the trends are there . 
  yes , there will be major challenges . 
  but whatever happens , wo n't happen overnight and we will have time to adapt . 
  even the current migrant crisis did not happen suddenly - the severity has been caused by years of european denial . 
  in a way , this wave is exactly the kind of things that will prepare eu for larger challenges in the future . 
  or the eu will collapse , of course , but that would be a result of a long sequence of inaction and stupidity . 
  thankfully , it is not very likely . 
   i 'll tl ; dr them for you : do everything you can to glorify allah by making the whole world to bow before him .
