  how is it surprising ? 
  planetary living conditions are more important than some migratory shifts . 
  i mean , we are talking about the very planet we live on , not some abstract concept . 
  i suppose people are just very good at going into denial on it . 
  holy shit , the top comment is not vilrulently xenophobic !, 
  the merkel upvote brigades must be finally doing their job , for a change . 
  yes . 
  forcibly by a vastly superior foreign power . 
  if that is how you see europe 's problems with refugees , then we live in different realities . 
  many of the examples were invasions by a technologically , organizationally or numerically superior force . 
  if that is how you see the immigrants , then i seriously ca n't help you . 
  it is unjust when some crucial practical aspects of living together - like shared ownership of property , guardianship of children , right to medical information/hospital visit and inheritance - are either much harder to establish or impossible to do . 
  these are very important things that are often catastrophic to a person 's life when not secured . 
  and for same-sex pairs they just are n't . 
  every country can democratically decide to be shitty , no problem . 
  can not save everyone from themselves . 
  you do realize you can understand something without approving it ? 
  that 's because you are happy when you sit in silence !, 
  having a mate is one of fundamental rights and desires of a human being . 
  treating a harmless choice of a small part of the populace as a second category is deeply unjust . 
  just give up the asshole traditions and leave the harmless ones . 
  just like we gave up tolerating beating of one 's wife , for example . 
  leaving such things in husband 's domain was also part of our `` values '' for a long time . 
  ignoring and/or stigmatizing a harmless primal minority is ridiculous , sorry . 
  i could much more , but i am merciful . 
  commonwealth of backward traditionalist idiocy . 
  yah , well , if anything the recent cultural splits between the v4/former communist countries and western europe has proven all that `` central europe '' thing was just an attempt to semantically enchant the reality into something that never really existed . 
  you stole the joke from me and a hundred other people . 
  you alone bring hope to eastern europe . 
  cry me a river . 
  at least your country did not entrench itself on the backward side . 
  `` media '' ? 
  we got a multitude of newspapers , weeklies and even tv stations of all coloration . 
  this image that `` media '' are against pis is horrible bullshit - they even had the public media when they lost power the last time !, 
  and even those you might accuse of being `` pro-po '' have long been mostly pro-themselves . 
  we already got tens of thousands of muslim chechen refugees over the years , so whatever . 
  you reminded me i need to buy an eu flag for the next anti-government demo . 
  thank you . 
  oh you are german gief all money because hitlar i am actually paraphrasing the leader of pis . 
  yes . 
  german-funded downvote brigades are here . 
  brb , need to spend the euros angela paid me . 
  neither does the polish government . 
  they would quit eu in five minutes , if not for the sweet but dirty german moneys . 
  it is not . 
  but shit will get much worse before it gets better . 
  please send gay euro gender divisions asap, 
  yeah , well , orban got constitutional majority . 
  kaczynski just crippled the constitutional court so he can now ignore the constitution anyway . 
  `` german owned media '' . 
  seriously now . 
  laugh all you want , but the current polish government would totally love to be an empire , if they could . 
  all this encircling bullshit has no place in 21st century . 
  russia has nukes and airplanes . 
  you do n't need to move tank divisions or man a huge wall to defend yourselves against anyone . 
  i mean , seriously , no one can touch you , stop letting yourself being led by politicians who try to make you feel endangered . 
  actually , they do !, 
  europe did shitloads of bad stuff since second world war , but it is ridiculous to say europe forced america to go into vietnam . 
  even with advisors there , usa had full control over whether to engage or not . 
  it felt strong and it did , but it did n't have to . 
  but ca n't they be unhappy about the crackdown , if they think it is misplaced ? 
  crackdowns like these are very prone to backfire , even when they are `` right '' . 
  and you talk about `` stupidest '' statements and then proclaim the french as the cause of the vietnam war ? 
  i do n't even . 
  the french did their best to create the field . 
  but it was usa who made the decision to intervene there , no one else . 
  there was no pressing need , except for the `` domino theory '' . 
  what a great theory it was !, 
  perhaps it is not as black and white ? 
  perhaps , while pkk is , ahem , problematic , there are actual grievances kurdish people have towards the turkish state and pkk does , in part , represent them ? 
  or is everything fiiine ? 
   why are they protesting ? 
  oh come on . 
  protests are always just a show of discontent , they can never do anything by themselves . 
  sorry you disagree with this one , but it does n't make it any less valid . 
  europe was not an aggressor in vietnam . 
  edit : not in vietnam war . 
  which is what we are talking about , not the earlier french adventures . 
  too many side effects, 
  oookay, 
  yah , well , regardless of our opinion about homogenity vs diversity , it is a done deal now . 
  world changed , people mixed , got ta live with it . 
   examples of homogeneous countries whose economies could not , realistically , grow at a faster rate than they were either way , it is irrelevant now . 
  unless you want to make your country homogenous or something , heh heh heh, 
  and your solution is mob violence ? 
  seriously now, 
  technically you are correct . 
  `` violent mob '' is more appropriate . 
  banditry . 
  which should be dealt with by the authorities . 
  oh , that 's going to help , i am sure . 
  you call it `` group dynamics '' i call it a lynch mob . 
  uniting eastern europe since time immemorial . 
  they are pretty bad , but pis takes the cake . 
  well , kukiz would be even worse , but they never stood a chance anyway . 
  right . 
  except polish-ukrainian relations are a bit different . 
  we have common history that was sometimes quite turbulent and with ukraine being as broken as it is , many things can happen and make it worse . 
  exactly . 
  though it is not just media-driven , people simply got a bit more xenophobic and many politicians are blatantly capitalizing on such base fears .
