  you guys must be smirking a lot now , seeing northern states panicking and the eu threatening to disintegrate over something you had to cope with for years . 
  heh , even germany ca n't handle it alone . 
  it is quite amusing to see the reviled serbs schooling hungarians and croats on humanitarianism . 
  you do n't need a conspiracy for people to flee a savage civil war en masse . 
  every major conflict did that , we just did n't have anything as serious for a while . 
   so it 's become a binary choice that might seem so , but non-isis rebels , islamist or not , still control large swathes of western syria . 
  supporting assad just like that would mean seeing him eradicate the non-isis opposition first . 
  and anyway , assad is heavily supported by both russia and iran . 
  even west already helps him by bombing isis and arming kurds who gnaw isis from the other side . 
  not only supporting him would legitimize his murderous practices , he has proven to be largely ineffectual in combating daesh despite tons of help he got . 
  yeah , it is a mess . 
  but assad is already helped indirectly by the west , with usa bombing daesh and supporting kurds . 
  he is also on the lifeline from russia and iran , with russia being extremely serious about not letting him fall . 
  he has enough help , i think , and the west would not solve his biggest problems , which are manpower shortage and low army morale . 
  that 's exactly the kind of thinking that stagnated the region for decades and created environment for the arab spring to bloom . 
  yes , sometimes a brutal dictator is the best option out of shitty ones , but we certainly should not enable them and definitely not help one in a civil war . 
  i also think that , in a way , something like isis was perhaps needed for the muslims to realize how shitty fundamentalism is . 
  it is widely hated in the islamic world and can become a potent antidote to islamic extremism for years . 
  of course . 
  sometimes we just ca n't easily solve such situations . 
  assad is no guarantee of dealing with isis and never was . 
  he was already supported very strongly by russia , iran and hezbollah and yet he failed utterly . 
  he is not a viable partner for the west even if we ignored his murderous practices . 
  that itself is not a problem , as police does not rely on superiority of numbers but organization and tactics . 
  also , only some refugees will be prone to rioting , for various reasons . 
  if all else fails , the military can be used to help contain any situation . 
  that would make sense , if syria was not a ruthless police state for decades before that . 
   if the eu ever does become a federation i would n't worry about it any time soon . 
  `` decades '' would be an optimistic fast-track . 
  and i am a federalist . 
   chancellor angela merkel has said there is no ** legal ** limit to the number of asylum seekers germany will take in this does n't mean `` we will take an infinite number ( and force europe to also take an infinite number because we want to destroy everything ofc ) '' . 
  it means the limit is to be decided entirely politically . 
  `` especially when they are evil moosleemz '', 
  some poles , of course . 
  for me , it was probably the only sensible thing kopacz ever did . 
  but do n't worry . 
  pis will be in charge soon and you will have a festival of `` patriotism '' , then . 
  hoo boy , it would be even more exciting if i did not live here . 
   help al-assad . 
  haha , how about no . 
  in the beginning there were angry yet peaceful protests . 
  what did assad do ? 
  had his goons crack down and torture everyone . 
  he is not qualified to herd goats , let alone stabilize a country . 
  refugee threads are ... turbulent . 
  it is much better now , though , you can get downvoted for any opinion ( for or against ) depending on the human tides but there is none of the massive brigading from a few weeks ago . 
  i suppose we got mods to thank . 
  of course , you can be switzerland if you want . 
  do remember they got a lot of gold from actual nazis , so i do n't know if they are an optimal model . 
  but i genuinely wish you luck if czechs quit the eu - i just do n't find it sensible , especially over couple of thousand refugees . 
  well , opinions . 
  ironically , she was never exactly eager to lead eu . 
  she is a reactive opportunist politician , preferring to go with the flow of opinion . 
  it is the squabbling and weakness of other parties that forced her to the front . 
  funny place , europe . 
   edit : the vote just passed . 
  qmv was applicable after all . 
  yeah , now we have fundamental internal opposition . 
  this will be interesting to watch , but probably ugly and depressing . 
   why is this not common sense ? 
  this saves the eu billions of euros , it saves us from havig to deport people that will not integrate and it will prevent a lot of potential criminality that will come with uneducated and unidentifiable migrants . 
  excellent idea , a pity europe all but ignored it for years . 
  who could have thought the world is interconnected and we can not just ignore `` some sand people killing each other '' . 
   that distribution of refugees must be in a purely voluntary basis . 
  `` we will voluntarily take 10 highly educated christian women '' . 
  that 's why there are quotas . 
  excellent . 
  eu will be easier to reform after some slimming down . 
  just quite eu and be a belarus . 
  eu is voluntary , ffs , i would never want any country being in it against its people will and obviously we are hitting some hard-coded cultural barrier . 
  even russia has , what , 6 % muslims and somehow the country is still very much culturally russian . 
  sheesh , putin is less xenophobic than you guys . 
   and there is not a single fucking thing indicating that it is going to end even assuming that 's true , do note that no one in europe wants limitless immigration . 
  all countries , including sweden and germany , believe there are limits to our hospitality . 
  it 's just that germany thinks that limit is thousands while eastern european countries panic if there is more than ten . 
   so while , yes , they have not agreed to quotas yet does n't mean they can do whatever the fuck they want , close their borders and hey , suckers , deal with it they can do it , but it will make the near-future of eu very interesting and very depressing . 
  i mean , disintegrating over bullshit tribal mentality . 
  jesus fuck , i really thought europe became sane after thousands of years . 
   by this rate in two weeks it 'll be 30,000 people !, 
  and 30 billion next year . 
  all in czech republic , because germany hates you and wants you gone . 
  the term `` refugee '' does not mean it is a good or reasonable person . 
  it is simply a state of not having a country at present due to explosions n ' shit . 
  human beings living in very temporary crowded environment , uncertain of their fate and with limited information are prone to disruptive group behaviors , like riots . 
  it is police 's job to manage a riot , but that riot does not invalidate the whole group the rioters come from . 
  if you think germany is the enemy , perhaps you should n't be in that european union thing , seeing how dominant they are there . 
  the poster is american , so probably something about gun disassembly, 
  but that assumes malice of germany . 
  quotas are just a manifestation of policy - they are not some kind of civilization-murdering mechanism . 
  european politicians are not interested in , say , destroying czech culture by flooding it with millions and so quotas will never be used for it . 
  although herein lies the rub and the cultural divide - western europe has a different view of how many refugees is too much than eastern europe . 
  eastern and baltic states tend to be racially homogenous , people are unfamiliar with alien cultures and so they are afraid even of small numbers . 
  i think those fears are greatly overblown . 
  this is essentially a slippery slope argument . 
  `` we can not budge or it will all go to hell '' . 
  just because you take , say , ten thousand does n't mean you will have to take them ad infinitum . 
  of course europe can not endlessly take refugees - and should n't - but it sure can take some . 
  much of the reason for quotas is to manage clear numbers in each country . 
  it is not a mechanism to punish you or anything . 
  woah , dude .
