  i fully agree !, 
  and he is put away , i just do n't care about further punishment . 
  prison is already very demoralizing by itself . 
  i always kinda distrusted them , without even thinking . 
  sorry , your visceral `` turns my stomach '' reaction rather strongly suggested extreme terms on your part . 
  yeah , it is not easy . 
  but being a preacher and a public voice is different and carries higher responsibility . 
  having shit views is one thing , actually calling for violence as a figure of authority , is another . 
  why , because it conflicts with your medieval sense of eye-for-an-eye justice ? 
  and to think that poles reject muslim immigrants , they would fit here marvelously . 
  this is truly a cultural barrier , eh . 
  so , it was that bad huh ? 
  at least they paid you in the end , did n't they . 
  prison is not a happy comfortable place even if it looks like it , because you can not leave that nice and comfortable building for years . 
  the idea that such a prison is like sitting at your house on vacations is a vile ignorant lie . 
  `` lazy '' is such a vile insult towards most people with mental problems . 
  a hopeless cycle of abuse and reoffense or something less predictable ? 
  this applies to prisons in general . 
  the vast majority of prisoners will leave the prisons . 
  do we want them to be hardened criminals when they leave , or should we attempt to unfuck them before releasing them back into society ? 
   nobody `` forces people into ghettos '' , it simply does n't happen . 
  unfortunately once you 're born into that , it 's very difficult to get out but it does happen . 
  a lot of it is trying to get out of that ` culture ' . 
  exactly , that is why a lot of work and money should be put into reducing the destructive impact of such environments and , hopefully , eventually eliminating them/making them harmless . 
  poster/posters before me seemed to suggest that poor neighborhoods are `` showered in money '' and it `` does nothing '' , supposedly because they are inherently bad and stupid or something . 
  right , let 's just keep them in shit ghettos then , away from us intelligent folks . 
  you can hinder the spread of fundmanetalist/jihadi islam , sure , we were talking about arresting people just because they have extreme views . 
   it 's hard to arrest and convict someone just for the things they say . 
  which is a good thing generally . 
  hahaa , that supposedly obvious idea is disappointingly controversial nowadays . 
   kill 77 people and live a better life than half of the world . 
  makes no sense to me . 
  it makes no sense to you because it clashes with your sense of justice . 
  as others said , such prison systems are not oriented towards an arbitrary concept of `` justice '' but aim to operate on the bigger picture of society . 
  in other words , they do not believe in revenge which is hard to grasp for many for cultural reasons . 
  all that `` rain of money '' is still very little compared to how more affluent classes are surrounded by favorable factors all their lives , right from the birth . 
  you say `` poorer kids get more money spent on them '' but you are ignoring the fact that richer kids do n't need so much `` money spent on them '' because they are already immersed in it . 
  you will be assimilated !, 
  makes it even more hilarious to see how they are struggling to repeal it . 
  they can either deny millions of their own health coverage or , * gasp !, 
  * , improve it and make the coverage more extensive than the democrats did . 
  it is light-hearted non-serious banter . 
  i thought siberia was actually pretty dry . 
  what the fuck , that `` ocean '' thing is serious business . 
  no wonder you all got saudade , constantly staring at this endless abyss . 
  i 'd rather we made improvements using other methods than crisis management , though . 
  maybe brexit will be good in the longer term but we do n't know that and it is a calamity in the short-medium term . 
  at least you got a new tv from the riots !, 
  european union is step number one in the plan of getting space cathedrals, 
  yes . 
  it will be totally based on reason with no cargo cults whatsoever . 
   not all religious people blindly follow their religious leaders . 
  it is still about blindly believing in things of controversial veracity . 
  even if people do not follow religious leaders , it gives them a base for all sorts of radical views and activities . 
   regulating religion will turn very ugly very fast . 
  look at the countries that still do this and remember what happened last time we did it . 
  it is already heavily regulated in the west in the sense of always having to submit to secular law , being forced to tolerate other religions/blasphemy/apostasy , religious organizations having to follow regulations etc. 
  ironically , it is the saner option in places like usa . 
  there , they got one-upped by evangelicals and the like . 
  it is in itself . 
  it can be used for good , it can be an important and positive part of many people 's lives but fundamentally it is a set of fairy tales and a mindset promoting blind obedience . 
  that is why it is important to regulate it , so that people can benefit from the good aspects while containing the ugly . 
  you are sadly right . 
  putin is a result of russian culture , not the other way around . 
  yeah , the nationalist idea that nations are distinct groups of people traveling through history in a more or less unchanged form is mostly bullshit . 
  we are all part of the formless blob of humanity whether we like it or not . 
  except for him ragging on trump like a champ , he does bring up some issues that are neglected or have low profile . 
  mostly american , of course , but still , a lot of the stuff he mentions are non-partisan ( unless someone is a fan of gerrymandering , opioid abuse or the dialysis cartel ) . 
  his programme did become overwhelmed by trump and trump-related stuff recently , but that 's hardly a surprise , heh , the president is very prolific in terms of generating topics . 
  i really do n't think he should be treated as a primary source of news or information . 
  i do n't think he expects himself to be one either . 
  they are predictable and formulaic but sometimes his team comes up with something interesting . 
  it must be hard work , actually . 
   his type of show seems to be carefully designed to preach to the choir and make them feel superior . 
  what if i do believe my views are superior ? 
  in such a case these shows sure cater to me . 
  obviously if you do not match their slant , you bounce off hard . 
  definitely not an `` outreach '' type of programme . 
  i do n't think he ever pretended to be objective or that he ever presented this as his aim . 
  heavy bias is essentially part of his formula . 
  yeah , though i think eu would eventually accept it . 
  it would be a mess , sure , but doable . 
  brexit is a purely political act . 
  it can be stopped if the ruling parties change their minds . 
  extremely unlikely and i do n't see it happening . 
  but certainly possible , i have seen wierder things in recent years . 
  brexit is not inevitable . 
   winning elections i disagree he won those elections due to him being politically adept . 
  he was in many ways lucky , his message resonated with the disenfranchised , the country is very polarized so many voted for him because he is r , and hillary was arguably a weak candidate that failed to fully mobilize her side . 
  he did n't craft some master strategy , he is a populist simpleton who had the luck to be in the right place at the right time with his slogans . 
  just like he is only rich because he was born into money , not due to his miraculous business acumen . 
  i do not deny he has certain talents and that he can be cunning at times . 
  however , he is also horribly ignorant and politically inept and much of his success is just luck and resources . 
  he is not intelligent at all and neither succeeding in politics requires one to be . 
  let 's take the whole russian probe thing - while i do n't think he was consciously colluding with russia , he did everything to make it look like he is guilty . 
  the whole situation exploded out of proportion exactly because he is like a child in these matters . 
  and i can not possibly see how could this mess secretly benefits him . 
  a missed opportunity !, 
  i disagree , especially seeing as trump went 100 % pro-saudi recently . 
  the west can definitely be more neutral .
