  but the key element of my post was his archaic approach , with zones of influence , being paranoid of non-client states , border shenanigans and outsized emphasis on brute force . 
  well , his subjects love it . 
  oh sure , but the amount of ignorance about turkey is staggering . 
  he might be wrong , but at least on the same planet wrong . 
  you think letting in thousands opens the gates forever ? 
  elaborate ? 
  sure , i was not trying to . 
  i just do n't think fleet power projection is as important nowadays . 
  and in many ways it can become a trap - it will suck a lot of money from russia and will make them more prone to engage in more costly and unpopular meddling . 
  the visibility of russian fleet would also bolster nato participation , so it is a bit self-regulating . 
  yeah , a few thousand immigrants will destroy your society . 
  how so ? 
  i would say it sure stuck to its values a bit more than was sensible . 
  and after that they will take crete ? 
  pillage venice ? 
  i mean , i am certain it is good for them to supply assad or swing their dicks from big ships at med countries but i just do n't see what actual benefit it brings them , except for feeling like an empire . 
  sweeet !, 
  it just saddens me some leaders truly see it this way . 
  they are still refugees , though , just high risk variety, 
  you have no idea how transparently you are being played . 
  it 's like seeing a basic case from intro politics textbook . 
  sultan stronk , sultan rule world, 
  yup , it goes both ways . 
  at some point , they need to decide and then we will adjust . 
   pilots who shot down that jet are in jail . 
  now that 's just fucked up . 
   the only thing he needs to do is ending the support to rebels and voil\u00e0 . 
  it is far from `` voila '' . 
  i read somewhere that if assad pushes the rebels too hard they will move into turkey . 
  that would be probably not the best for you . 
  next month , erdogan best friend of rojava . 
  putin does n't care for his loyalty . 
  he is doing a 19th century global chessboard thing , he will just use whatever he can to get his imaginary victory points in his game against the west . 
  no , it really is n't . 
  every country is first and foremost self-interested , but there can be more coherence and loyalty than this , as shown by countless other leaders and nations . 
  yah , you must be having real fun this month , reading all those experts !, 
  i assume most of nato activities are done in a non-secret fashion , with the clandestine left to the member states . 
  it would be horribly hard to maintain secrecy across so many nations , even in the best of times . 
  you got me for half a second !, 
  my eyebrow actually twitched , well played !, 
  eh , i consider myself leftist and i keep reading on reddit how `` regressive left '' has hijacked europe or is even ruling it . 
  but then i see merkel , hollande , renzi , may - sometimes more to the right , sometimes to the left but generally careful boring politicians trying to more or less ineptly manage the arising crises and steer those huge organisms somewhere they subjectively think is safe . 
  i just do n't see non-marginal leftist political equivalents of ukip , fn , afd , pis etc. 
  that is why i asked for examples . 
  and you say such people hijacked `` the left '' somehow ? 
  sounds to me like you are talking about a sub , a forum or a blog but i do n't understand what does it have to do with wider european politics . 
  are hollande or merkel part of the group you outlined ? 
   blame those who currently hijack the left to spread their multicultural idealisms at any cost . 
  like whom ? 
  serious question . 
  yes , enough to even use actual words !, 
  it is a bit silly , yes . 
  still pretty cool , in a way . 
  even in france it is . 
  terrorism is 95 % flash and , well , terror . 
  what if there is an alternative for germany ? 
  what then ?!, 
  i bet those guys are quite a boost for her , heh heh, 
  germany going wild and spontaneous !, 
  it just needs to warm up a bit . 
  bow before gott-kanzlerin mutti, 
  western style democracy is far more than just voting , it is also checks and balances . 
  racism - the wolf - is definitely within europe already , so no worries about false alarms . 
   it will become necessary at some point for europeans to reassert our own racial identity or our people will eventually experience victimization ( the aggressors would regard it as retribution ) . 
  wake me up when white americans start getting oppressed by the black . 
  oh , wait , you got the tyranny of obama , right . 
  and now the wimmin are getting uppity too . 
  your post coupled with your nickname reminds me why i stay the fuuuuck away from internet w40k fandom . 
  nothing truly personal either way , cheers . 
  are n't you going to the other extreme and presenting a false dichotomy , though ? 
  humans in general have flawed brains , and can be criminal temporarily or just in parts of their lives due to bad environment . 
  these brains are also malleable and , using what we call rehabilitation , can be prodded to become more managable within the society . 
  no one is `` pure '' or `` impure '' for all their lives , even in normal circumstances . 
   but intuitively as person , i want to punish those who wronged me or my loved ones . 
  that is exactly why no one ( almost ) nowhere is a judge in their own case . 
  without a disinterested outside arbiter , `` justice '' quickly becomes a blood feud . 
  it is a feature of civilization to reduce the impact of instinct and intuition in favor of more reliable decision-making processes . 
  eh , it is a strawman , though . 
  i agree with your sentiment and there are certainly people who think `` their '' criminals are worthless and should be punished as hard as possible , but presenting a caricature of an extremist stance has no purpose other than making ourselves feel better . 
  hah , which makes me think that condemning a part of populace to recidivism due to lack of rehabilitation is essentially scapegoating . 
  designating some people to be the `` bad guys '' forever so that the rest of the society feels better in their `` goodness '' . 
  their capital ca n't even vote , lol i know , of course . 
  why and what for , but it is funny in the context . 
  can you explain the specific elements , if it is not a problem ? 
  this is beautiful and i do n't even know anything about portugal . 
  well , now i do !, 
  beauty , eye of the beholder , all that, 
  drum and bass , but [ you might find it interesting if you have n't seen it . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-hgbrvlv5i ), 
  but is it hate if they correctly say how it looks ? 
  that polish catholics are more conservative than the vatican 's current leadership ? 
  and is it really hate if you like it this way ? 
  then i do n't know what you were complaining about . 
  the article was simply saying polish catholics are more conservative than the catholic church led by pope francis . 
  seems like you should be actually happy about that . 
  do you disagree with the idea that the polish church is more conservative than pope francis ? 
  can you specify what features make them `` non-white '' or `` non-european '' ? 
  are you certain you would recognize them as such if you did n't know anything about them ? 
  we get mostly western ukrainians who are much more nationalistic and have built a lot of their identity on specifically not being polish . 
  and besides , would n't an assumption that they will happily relinquish their heritage be a tad paternalistic and part of the problem ?
