  perhaps racism and xenophobia are , indeed , brave unconventional schools of thought , cruelly suppressed by the pc establishment ? 
  or maybe my definitions of racism and xenophobia are too broad ? 
  perhaps i err in including in them such moderate stances like perceiving the whole thing as a civilization-threatening barbarian invasion of rapists or proclaiming that an abrahamic religion is fundamentally incompatible with a continent shaped by abrahamic religions ? 
   eastern europe is less politically correct . 
  it 's hasnt become a social norm here yet to be politically correct as it has in western europe . 
  i find eastern europeans less hypocritical on this matter . 
  so , like , what can we say that is not pc but which would be somehow silenced in the west ? 
  genuine curiosity . 
  i am sorry but even if one million immigrants appeared in poland today , it would still be a tiny minority . 
  it would get really , really shitty but no one would get `` overrun '' . 
  gott im himmel , i read it as `` 100,000 soldiers '' . 
  to be fair , the first time around the irish simply voted against their government , not because they did n't like the lisbon treaty or something . 
  i might be wrong , but that is what i remember from that time . 
   / r/european is just neo-nazi sub . 
  literally neonazi . 
  i started to write something to the sense of `` you ca n't throw labels like that willy-nilly '' - and then i checked that sub some more . 
  now , i still think we should n't brand people like this , but they sure are trying hard to earn it !, 
  haha , check / r/european for a second , then come back here . 
  they are in full muslim apocalypse mode !, 
  yeah , sadly , the world is full of imperfect actors and it is all about the lesser evil . 
  hey , it could be worse , i mean the west had to ally with stalin in world war 2 . 
  stalin !, 
  the only person in modern history worse than stalin was the one they fought . 
   pro-us and pro-eu guy somehow i read it as `` pro-gay '' and my eyebrow twitched . 
  now that would be some misrepresentation !, 
  of course , allies are given a bigger leeway . 
  but i disagree western media did not cover such excesses . 
  they usually do , it is just that when a country is out of focus , nobody gives a crap . 
  saudis , despite having been a western ally for decades , are being regularly written about and criticised but , well , cutting them off would probably cause more harm than good . 
   they were always pricks but they were the puppets of the west so west turned a blind eye . 
  hey , no need to shift the blame , akp has genuine support among turkish populace . 
  west , for all its faults and meddling , mostly just has to work with whoever there is . 
  hey , i totally want as awesome meteor as the chelyabinsk one . 
  just a little bit further away from the city so that the shockwave is n't such a pain in the ass . 
  what stops you ? 
  the faculty of astronomy , deorbit department , welcomes all whose hearts are eager and true !, 
  just when law and justice party won the largest share of power any single party ever had in poland since the fall of communism . 
  i do not think so . 
  we shall build a new jerusalem/sodom and we will sing/scream exalted/insane hymns as we writhe in endless ecstasy/agony . 
  of course they do , we have extremes on every side . 
  it is actually the other way around - most countries generally strictly define what country is `` unsafe '' and while some quite horrible places `` safe '' . 
  and i do n't think anyone advocates broadening the criteria . 
  ... and now is a tool of ( borderline ? ), 
  islamists . 
  it 's pretty horrible how you guys remain hostage to some coup-created political muzzles . 
  believe me , this is only because we have almost no minorities , not out of spirit of tolerance . 
  never say never . 
  not in the short-term , certainly . 
  as an almost completely ignorant outsider , i have seen erdogan as erratic and increasingly extreme for a long while now . 
  i do remember times when he was saner . 
   erdogan wins the elections if akp gets 330 mp to change the constitution and the main guy will be president instead of prime minister . 
  how likely is that ? 
  edit : good to hear that not likely at all . 
   if the people decide that we take everyfuckingone of the middle east so be it . 
  i really do n't think anyone ever suggested that . 
  i also think everyone agrees the whole process should be more controlled and orderly . 
   i think daesh ( isis ) has relatively little to do with religion . 
  religion almost always is a tool of conquest and power anyway ( duh ) . 
  other religious states like iran and saudi arabia are also first and foremost power gamers . 
  and , well , we have two thousand years of european history for how it was done with christianity . 
   overall , religious affiliation does not explain everything , especially with isis . 
  this is quite crucial , especially in western perception . 
  much of the public got into their heads that islamic = baddies and that 's not helpful at all . 
  this outlook has helped enable plenty of brutal `` secular '' dictators to strangle the region for decades , something that eventually resulted in the arab spring and a swing to islamism . 
  well , yeah , most of the anti-assad rebels are more or less islamist . 
  oh , of course , all of the powers are pretty messed up . 
  but turkey seems like the one the least hostile towards isis at the moment . 
  turkey has been the most ambiguous player in the syrian civil war , i think . 
  on the one hand , they do n't like isis , because duh . 
  on the other , they hate the kurdish militias more . 
  so it would n't surprise me if parts of turkish security establishment thought of isis more tactically and thus give them and their activities more leeway than those barbarians deserve . 
  it does n't make islam better and i do not consider it as such . 
  what i say it does n't make it fundamentally incompatible . 
  first , while deplorable it is not as bad as it might seem - they want the cartoonists `` punished '' but it does n't mean it can not be , say , a fine . 
  they do not call for murder or anything . 
  second , it is a blasphemy for them and plenty of religious people , including european christians , also react strongly to blasphemy and would prefer if the blasphemers were punished . 
  being an atheist i obviously disagree , but it is hardly an uncommon approach and i can readily see it in , say , poland . 
  again : i strongly disagree with such religious outlooks . 
  but having them does not make people instant terrorists . 
  that 78 % is an opinion . 
  only a minority would feel very strongly about the issue and only a minority of that minority would have the potential to cause trouble . 
  hence , some . 
  it is not just about reason . 
  it also depends on what conclusion one takes from such statistics . 
  xenophobic stance based on this is : `` they are incapable of integration/they are a danger ( as a whole ) / they are alien '' often accompanied by a perception of muslims being some faceless legion of doom . 
  it is also characterized by the explicit or implicit use of absolutes like `` never '' `` all '' etc. 
  the way i see it , they are conservative and some of them might cause trouble because of it . 
  a problem , yes , but not unmanagable . 
  of course . 
  there are perfectly rational stances opposing immigration . 
  but there are shitloads of xenophobia as well . 
  i wish i was just waving it around . 
  this polarization of opinion is horrible and contributes to not being sane about the whole crisis . 
  there were some instances of brigading or just large influxes . 
  but it is not that unrepresentative of europe , a large percentage of the population became significantly more xenophobic . 
  sad , really . 
  edit : some people seem to react strongly to the word `` xenophobia '' . 
  being opposed to immigration is not xenophobic by itself . 
  painting foreign cultures in absolutes - as a doomsday threat , as incapable of integration or as a homogenous mass of rapists and terrorists is xenophobic . 
  bike ?
