  yeah , though it is only partly his blame . 
  he is as much a product of his country as his country is ruled by him . 
  he is not the source of the problem , just a symptom of continuing quasi-tzarist longings of the russian people . 
  binary thinking best thinking . 
  according to that narrative , western civilization is , and so `` lefties '' surrender . 
   and there 's nothing horribly wrong with informal justice when it 's done right . 
  you do realize the whole point is that it goes wrong very , very easily ? 
  if you mistake targets it is just collateral damage , eh ? 
   and they would n't beat around the bush with trials or evidence . 
  holy shit , trails and evidence , the eternal preventers of true justice !, 
   people are only as civilised as the system allows them to be . 
  the police get funding cuts left right and centre and we 're about to see the first increase in crime in decades , what exactly do you expect to happen ? 
  wait , so you are saying you are getting the first increase in decades and suddenly you must now form gangs of your own ? 
  and you think sidelining police even more will reduce general crime rate ? 
  no wonder that mp got shot when people in uk exhibit similar thought patterns . 
  surely it made total sense to some . 
  hah , despising the migrants for being savages only to default back to tribal village justice ? 
  eh , here i hoped moldova was an enclave of joyful free sexuality among the dreary macho post-soviet wastelands . 
  would make sense that putin hated them , heh heh, 
  we are doomed to it by the very structure of russian governing system . 
  the clock is ticking and putin 's telomeres are the clock 's hands . 
  that 's what happens when people * think * they are limited to such choices . 
  they are n't . 
  every group crime has a range of sentences . 
  some people are the main culprits , some are outliers that did n't do as much . 
  lol advocating lynching . 
  i see it as a phase to wider atheism/secularism . 
  many people need belief and such heathen options are a good way out for them . 
  bisexuals are a threat to everyone !, 
  including bisex ? 
  that would make you an outlier in the 100 % - hetero-manly eastern europe . 
  according to some , they are n't . 
  i have certainly interacted with many people considering islamic extremist attacks as a proof of islam being inherently evil . 
  on the other hand , white christian spree-shooters are seen as just crazy and not representing , say , christianity , despite often having extremist views on par with those of their islamic counterparts . 
  though of course it is all a strawman when not referencing specific statements . 
  i bet their ballet world is quite crazy and brutal as well . 
  the government itself is conspiring to have them doped up . 
  a line had to be drawn , casualties or no . 
  i will take 10 olympics over one football event , sham-wise . 
  of course , just saying it is blurry . 
  and that is why there are psychiatric examinations , if such people are arrested and tried . 
  because he was not very rational ? 
  i mean , it only ever happens to a large part of the population . 
  `` mentally ill '' is a very blurry term . 
  while there are clear cases , many people are in the grey area of `` mental instability '' or just very weird . 
  breivik was not clinically ill , but he was rather messed up regardless . 
  or we can treat both types similarly . 
  are you envisaging a scenario where eu does not allow uk to leave ? 
  with what army , exactly ? 
  the only body that can disregard the vote is the uk parliament . 
  of course , i do n't trust anything the sun writes . 
  just threw it as a curiosity . 
  of course it is not teh devil , but the cons are pretty terrible . 
  fun fact , a sizable movement in poland was in recent years demanding single-district fptp because they sincerely believed it would improve representation , make the political scene more flexible ( less dominated by the main parties ) and fix democracy . 
  one of those moments when you realize being interested in foreign affairs is actually important for the average citizen . 
  was n't arguing with you , just musing details . 
  one can talk without disagreement :p, 
  regardless , putin is a great cultural ally in this respect . 
  all the homogay is kept at bay too , you are safe . 
  rofl , being anti-nato is certainly rarity , yeah . 
  well , what can you do , it is still rather popular in eu in general . 
  sorry you got bombed , but it works fine for everyone else . 
  well , comment nukes happen in these parts just as well . 
  but everything is so much easier to do . 
  it probably got out of hand so hard they had no time to go through the thread one by one and just pressed the purge button . 
  i still think it is probably more a testament to how bad the system was , not mod malice . 
  though i wo n't die for them . 
   as for the turkish thing i think it was because i said an attack on military was not a terrorist attack but an act of civil war . 
  haha , yeah , many nationalist turks are deeply married to the idea that they are fighting evil terrorism , full stop . 
  arguing nuance causes some to be rather militant . 
  there are still all kinds of gun hobbyists . 
  i would n't be surprised if some did it . 
  from a quick google about usa :  individuals in this country have been making their own guns for centuries . 
  the practice is deeply rooted in our constitutional history and tradition . 
  legal scholars have recognized that the second amendment 's guarantee of the right to keep and bear arms would be meaningless in practice unless the state afforded individuals the ability to exercise that right -- which includes making their own guns . 
  i know . 
  i am laughing because something that seems suspicious/crazy in uk , would be perfectly understandable in the us . 
  maybe not the homemade part , though i would n't be surprised if their regulations about it were generous as well . 
   after leaving the guardian censored comment section i have n't been there for a few years , but the main problem was not the moderation , but how unwieldy for heated discussion the system was . 
  there were plenty right-wing posts , at least back then . 
  reddit is superior not due to lack of bias ( hahahasnort ) , but because of the branches and voting , flawed though it is . 
   do n't let the downvotes get to you if your opinion goes against the grain . 
  i used to be downvoted by turkish users regardless of what i posted a few months ago . 
  was it related to pkk ? 
  an army of muslim immigrants , obviously . 
  this is what it is all about , establishing the great islamic reich . 
   so it 's best not to bother really . 
  so it is only good to post comments if they get upvoted ? 
  it is . 
  but there are many other issues than just pro and anti eu in these parts . 
   hockey is better than football !, 
  as someone who despises most of the football culture , i sure wish canada invaded and annexed eu for that reason alone . 
  oh noez , evil eu is a new soviet union . 
  but if you are in belarus , then you are safe !, 
  putin will protect you from eu . 
   who the hell is walking around with firearms in their bags if they do n't plan to murder someone ? 
  mmm , as a frequent debater of american gun control , this made me chuckle quite loudly . 
  well , the thing is in quotes , so it was reported as uncertain . 
  i know bbc enough to understand what it means , heh heh . 
  yeah , they got outplayed .
