  one of the side effects of diving deep into capitalist ideology after disposing of communism . 
  some say poles are a southern nation placed way too far to the north . 
  lots of that catholicism is for show only . 
  plenty of hidden atheists and apatheists just going through the motions , never bothering to come out for various reasons . 
  and as usual , even with someone like john paul ii there is a lot of cherry picking . 
  i do believe he influenced the stance on death penalty , though . 
  most people here would want it , but then they remember he was against it . 
  god damn scots , diluting western civilization . 
  do they have a date for the vote ? 
  need to pre-heat my popcorn , as for all the certainty that the hoc will pass it , i ca n't imagine they would just rubber-stamp it without some considerable grilling . 
  chill , they are clamping down on this . 
  it is possible they just feel frustrated and abandoned and just want change , like many trump and brexit voters . 
  good thing germany does n't have some bullshit two party system . 
  yeaaa , i do n't think he stole many voters from afd , then . 
  it was my impression that it was , in fact , one of defining issues for afd . 
  well , you have internalized your own history . 
  you probably do n't have to actively discuss it for it to influence you . 
  its echoes are all around you , in your culture , having all kinds of positive and negative effects . 
  there are different kinds of global power . 
  british imperialism relied on occupying a lot of foreign lands , mostly inhabited by people who did n't realize their power . 
  european federalism is about sorting the local mess first and foremost . 
  naturally , such a power would have a stronger global influence , but it would not go and subjugate brown people . 
  seriously , germany solved politics . 
  how is schulz on immigrants ? 
  i do n't expect him to be a good replacement for merkel for voters who want less immigration . 
  i am not sure but i think the dolan was also a parody at the start . 
  guess politics find a way !, 
  it is not unnatural for undemocratic rivals to try and weaken those structures . 
  it is criminally stupid for the western people doing it by themselves . 
  eh , that was just typical european funtiems that the neighbourhood loved to do periodically , before we created nato and eu . 
  eu and nato . 
  and to think so many people in the west now want to destroy it , fucking crazies . 
  there was a lot of chaos , they were probably just temporarily unaccounted for . 
  we would hear about it if it was some serious issue . 
  but remember , poland for poles only . 
  my loose guess is that it is a big migratory country that can survive the weather . 
  more southern migrants probably freeze on the border . 
   well , they are an economy in decline . 
  they had a revival under obama . 
  there is no rule they ca n't get their shit together and trump will be hopefully gone in 4 years or earlier , no guarantee he will destroy everything . 
   china is becoming more progressive and is going relatively unnoticed because of all the other drama going on around the world . 
  they 're on track to pass everyone out already and this is well before they are due to reach their peak of sophistication . 
  they have their own serious structural , political and cultural challenges and unlike america , they do n't have electoral schedule . 
  while china 's ascendancy is a serious possibility , america can still adapt better , if they unfuck their electoral choices . 
  hey , if china decides to become a progressive force in the world , i am all for it . 
  as it stands , they do n't give a fuck about most of the world and still have terrible approach to human rights . 
   falling empire the narrative of `` falling empires '' does not make much sense . 
  america is not a classic empire of colonies and conquest , the foundations of their power are more solid and there is no rule they have to decline and fall . 
  unless they keep electing idiots , that is . 
  sadly , there are no better alternatives to american supremacy at this point . 
  yes , but the fact remains americans are still one of the least fucked up countries and a powerful one to boot . 
  which just reinforces how messed up humanity is in general . 
  regardless , they are a lesser evil . 
  well , you can hate everyone , sure . 
  having decades of major crisis before it gets better is stupid and we are more than capable of doing it more reasonably nowadays . 
  or so i thought . 
  it is fascinating humanity got as far as it did , considering how self-destructive and self-defeating it is . 
   american imperialism # bigbadcapitalism i would have disagreed with him a week ago . 
  with trump at the helm , however ... 
  not really hindsight , as the funding did not increase once the problems became evident . 
  it is pure hypocrisy . 
  `` hey , let 's help the refugees in their own countries !, 
  oh , right , nvm '', 
  i really do n't think eu is obsessed with punishing the uk . 
  either way , it is extremely subjective . 
  any obstruction from the eu , innocent or malicious , can be read as `` punishing '' . 
  this is a messy divorce , everyone will get hurt whatever we do . 
  i am not saying it was your intent , but the whole thing does look a bit like a blackmail - be nice to us or we will let our extremists align with russia . 
  heh , fuck divorces . 
   he ( and those around him ) seem to want the eu to fail . 
  this remains terribly chilling to the extent that it is hard not to consider him putin 's puppet . 
  even many leavers do n't actually want eu to fail , they are not crazy , they do n't want the continent to become a clusterfuck again . 
   uk ( together of course with baltics and poland ) is one of the few countries left that is being really hawkish with russia . 
  this is true , uk was really pissed by things like litvinienko etc. 
  i am a bit worried , though , as some more hawkish leavers talk of europe in 19th century terms , with some kind of spoken or unspoken alignment with russia to weaken the eu . 
  i hope such niche voices never rise to prominence . 
   3 ) objectively preffered to the democratic administration and/or hillary clinton in particular . 
  `` subjectively '' , not objectively . 
  and i subjectively believe most of them are likely wrong thinking that trump presidency will be better for them . 
  opinions . 
  not saying their choice was great , their system is stupid . 
  i could see some single-issue voters getting what they want , in case of trump , sure . 
  in terms of taking a broader look at his likely performance i think he will be terrible despite any few positive things he inevitably does . 
  i do n't know what you are talking about here ? 
  it is a simplification , like any talk at this level of politics . 
  there will be outliers for everything . 
  not sure what you are asking me about . 
  anyone can call anyone wrong as they want . 
  anyone can be wrong , no matter their intelligence . 
  it is all opinions . 
  in my view anyone who believes trump will do anything substantial correctly , is wrong . 
  at best some of his nominees will do something right now and then , as he failed to hire people as ignorant as himself , for the most part . 
  the subreddit . 
  only some people who supported trump are horrible , many are just very wrong . 
  eh , i am not very representative . 
  the polish government would be 100 % anti-german if it was n't busy swallowing a river of german money . 
  germany is a lose-lose for them . 
  thank god for germany !, 
  only some are in it for tribalism . 
  sad !,
