  i have recently listened to a rather left-wing radio programme and they were saying they have always dreamed to work in those radical and omnipotent lefitst media that some right-wingers claim control everything . 
  race is mostly bullshit , you would n't recognize large part of middle eastern people as `` non-white '' if not for their ethnicity . 
  jesus , straw-man arguments should be forbidden by law , or at least sub rules . 
  few things are more useless . 
  neither option gives them anarchism , but they may feel it is easier to pursue anarchism in a leftist diverse europe , then in a hypothetical nationalist isolationist britain . 
  should n't you be building another monument to whatever politicians got you into nato so quickly ? 
  exactly , it is not just about them projecting power , it is about them turning everything to shit as well . 
  they actively distrust democratic systems and try to influence and pervert them into comfy oligarchic cliques , where they can make friends with like-minded kleptocrats . 
  sad , really . 
  i think the point is russia uses the conflict to influence the region . 
  it could play a more positive role , perhaps eventually leading to a peace settlement , but it seems it prefers for the conflict to remain their leverage . 
  i heard that we can disagree without insulting the one we talk to , but to each their own . 
  metonymy is a widely used and accepted figure of speech . 
  that 's because those proposed burka bans are just feel-good exercises . 
  `` we showed dem muslims '' without actually doing anything substantial . 
  it is a long way from banning the one that represents the country `` less '' , though . 
  well , there is some precedent there . 
  it is completely unsurprising . 
  radical right-wing parties are first and foremost following their narrow group interest , only really united by their fortunate marginalization . 
  they will fight together in their crusade against the `` lefties '' , only to quickly turn against each other when they gain power . 
  10 years or so , and you will have a direct boozetrain there . 
  well , `` state '' is also ambiguous . 
  can mean a sovereign country , for example . 
  they are free to leave , i just think they are being dumb and are hurting everyone . 
  eu will hopefully adjust , though . 
  i addressed him basing on his disparaging comment about the eu . 
  so no , i do n't see those things as equivalent . 
  but whatever . 
  heh , i do not subscribe to the eastern european xenophobia that is so common both in these threads and in politics of the region . 
  oh sure , take your time . 
  myself i do n't mind a situation where uk is not really out but not really in either . 
  are you guys going to leave or not ? 
  i kind of wished you would have stopped complaining once you voted out . 
  it is n't ? 
  politicians are products of our societies . 
  they suck because we suck , they are not aliens from space . 
  we already tolerate public clothing that once would have been the heights of pornography . 
  it is all relative and who knows , one day we might not give a fuck about anything anyone wears . 
  theoretically you could change all of that , if you had a nigh-unanimous national consensus . 
  it would be rather extraordinary , though . 
  only some politicians genuinely want to move your country in this directions . 
  for many others , it is a good smokescreen to not do that . 
  this kind of shit could still be easily detected , especially when done for big brands on a large scale . 
  if the system is unjust , dominated by the military or some business mafia , then you can work all you want and you will remain poor . 
  right , because left-wing and right-wing policies have only one shade each . 
  venezuela is shit because chavez , despite all the good intentions and all the good deeds , had really poor judgement , was rather authoritarian and populated the state with his own cronies who were either corrupt , inept or both . 
  i mean , he picked * maduro * as his successor , ffs . 
  it is not binary , sadly . 
  after getting rid of one corrupt elite , they got another kind of corrupt elite . 
  from my totally personal experience - `` allah akbar '' was used long ago , when islam was less , well , prominent in the world media . 
  it is a phonetic transcription , but that 's not how it is actually said . 
  as internet bloomed and people saw other people using the phrase properly with `` allahu '' , it became the new standard . 
  hey , sure , i agree . 
  i am just unhappy that i sometimes conform to such blatant errors . 
  your politics will be always influenced by outsiders , unless you close the borders and sever all links . 
  what is the point of banning the outsiders who care for people 's health , preservation of old architecture or democratic process ? 
  all is left then is foreign business that only cares to exploit your resources . 
  i do n't even notice this obvious error anymore . 
  language changes whether we like it or not , sigh . 
  at some point they will realize letters to their beloved tzar do not help them . 
  there will be a watershed moment , it is a question of time . 
  guess russians are still making sure whether having tzars is a good idea or not . 
  maybe one day the message reaches their collective psyche . 
  it is a complex issue with plenty of conflicting trends . 
  still , i think bringing us closer to the bloody outcome of our political decisions will , in time , make us better . 
  thanks for the recommendation , might check it out at some point . 
  it is without a doubt an ongoing debate that was going on even back then , in 1991 . 
  fascinating how the information stream grew since that time . 
  there is no political will to do that , apparently . 
  no surprise , it is a country devastated by decades of corruption and mismanagement and a proper war costs a lot . 
  additionally , russians can escalate their involvement to match any offensive , like before , and cause ukraine to lose lots of men and resources for nothing . 
  last but not least , donbass was always a strong pro-russian voting block so kiev does n't want it back that desperately . 
  people like nk and putin will use any excuse to do what they want . 
  you can not be `` pure '' enough for them to be in any way constrained . 
  and yeah , i would love for any and all reporting from a war zone to be 100 % objective . 
  it is not going to happen , but that does n't mean `` propaganda '' or `` lie '' is a binary state . 
  there are all kinds of shades between truth and falsehood and this photo simply does n't seem to me to be worthy of much fuss , despite its dubious origins . 
  i agree but it presents a situation the certainly happened/happens/will happen , on both sides of the front . 
  in other words the piece is a lie , but the scene is n't . 
  yeah , it is used to spin the perception , like always , but it is far from what we usually call `` propaganda '' . 
  i repeat : what is the lie in the picture , except for it being staged ? 
  sure , it is presented in a `` nice '' and `` heroic '' way , but how does it differ from the reality elsewhere on the front ? 
  there is , but it would essentially require one of the sides to capitulate . 
  ukraine wants to subdue the region , naturally , while russians want to politically vassalize ukraine again , federalize it and have it pay for the reconstruction of donbass . 
  since neither is likely , it will probably remain a hopeless shithole for decades . 
   i 've been amazed of how easy it has been for the separatists and russia to achieve their military objectives . 
  that 's just not true . 
  ukrainians fought hard in many places against , quite often , russian or russian-led and supported military forces . 
  separatists control only parts of their regions , with ukrainians still very close to both luhansk and donetsk , ready to do considerable damage if hostilities flare significantly . 
  and politically , it is a dead-end , the separatists ' region is now utterly ruined . 
  donetsk was an industrial powerhouse and now it is a war zone black hole with no hope for any change for years , likely becoming a forgotten decaying russian-supported backwater later , like south ossetia and transnistria . 
  i like that modern media brings this fact closer to home . 
  things like terrorism , massacres , catastrophic bombing etc. 
  always existed in some form or the other , but because we did n't see it , we did n't care as much . 
  seeing people getting hurt affects our perception of war and , i think , it slowly pushes us towards less violence . 
  it lies about what , though ? 
  that ukrainians get sometimes bombarded and some of them help the wounded ? 
  it 's a common war scene . 
  good point , seems obvious but with all the `` shopped or no '' discussion people forget the picture just shows a common war scene . 
  if it is indeed doctored , it is done more for aesthetics than any political message .
