  they would remain `` regions '' themselves . 
  i said * more * representative , and you ca n't beat the fptp distortion in being non-representative . 
   when we vote to stay it 'll reduce our bargaining power greatly . 
  we 'd be better off not crying wolf every 20 seconds and instead saving our complaints for the things that really matter a great deal . 
  yeah , i can understand why you would prefer that but i think uk lost that battle already by being an obstacle all the time . 
  hopefully , this will provoke more constructive thought on the eu reforms . 
  it is not natural , and nothing is worse than unnatural . 
  except for the thousand other unnatural things they do every day , but hey , baby steps !, 
  i am sure a bunch of sociologists published works on this . 
  seems like one of many rebellious ideas in human history , challenging the status quo , hoping that something good comes out of it . 
  except in this case it , well , missed . 
  were/are active in poland . 
  i have n't been hearing about them for a while , thankfully . 
  do n't worry , this particular wave of dumbass ignorant fad has most countries . 
  it will pass , after a minor epidemic or two . 
  also make it dead easy for bachelor parties to visit france . 
  that 's not a nice thing to say . 
  yes , they are annoying at times , but let him who is without sin cast the first baguette . 
  oops . 
  and that is why you wo n't get it , because then everyone will want the same and eu will effectively cease to exist . 
   finally dissolving borders . 
  no , no , no . 
  ** you will just give us saxony . 
  edit : is a joke . 
  nothing against saxony . 
  i think . 
  because you are part of what most people understand as core europe , whether people on both sides of the channel like it or not . 
  and , well , i think most european people actually like you . 
  it is only that fence-sitting that is annoying . 
  fortunately , the vote will likely clarify the situation either way . 
   the eu is your government too . 
  and , with fptp in mind , it is more representative of the british opinion than the one in westminster !, 
  mudroch 's `` empire '' is not some totalitarian top-down structure , are n't there multiple steps of ownership there ? 
  and anyway , bullying your employees to - or even telling them - how to vote is the best way to create a huge shitstorm and possibly force fence-sitters to vote against you . 
   why would anyone want further integration into the eu ? 
  a bunch of star-eyed federalists like me , who think that sovereign nation states should be slowly phased out in favor of a european federation . 
  that 's a vision for decades , if not centuries , so do n't worry . 
  / r/europe is a serious subreddit , no one here even thinks about making fun of germany . 
  or of any other country for that matter . 
  it 's not like he installs remote heart stoppers in his employees , though . 
  there is more than just labor cost to that , though . 
  plenty of replaceable jobs are not transferable , like store clerks , professional drivers and the like . 
  others , like car manufacture , rely on brand , know-how and strict standards . 
  this is how wars on narcotics go full circle and finally eat their own tail . 
  lots of people want to get high , it is simple as that . 
  with traditional drugs banned to hell , people turn to legal alternatives produced by shady chemical firms . 
  these too get banned , periodically , just to be replaced by slightly modified versions that escape precise definitions . 
  thus come ever broader definitions , as evidenced in the article . 
  and , in the end , war on narcotics becomes what it has always been - war on pleasure that is not proscribed by an aging , conservative elite . 
  i think - though these are just idle musings - there is already the technology to replace much of the low-skill workforce . 
  it 's just that humans are still cheaper and more available in many cases . 
  there needs to be an eu-wide policy on immigration , really . 
  heh heh , similar attitude with similar migrant density in poland . 
  come to think of it , saxony flag is almost a polish flag too . 
  decades of corruption and no one does anything . 
  americans deserve their triumphalism today . 
  it was more of an image , really . 
  now , i am by no means any kind of expert , but from what understand i bet a big part of that spending still goes for post-soviet bloat , like many small-ish redundant bases ( which ca n't be easily closed due to local pressure ) , bloated officer corps , all kinds of parasites feeding off the military . 
  that is not to say the military did not modernize a lot in recent years , just saying that effective spending might be quite lower . 
  other people in this thread as well as you said , a good way would be to invite russia and , well , have them host it since they already started . 
  i disagree with the idea that putin does what is best for russia , but that 's not the point here . 
  or to chinese olympics . 
  or sochi . 
  yeaaah , but with fifa being the corrupt clique they are , russia did n't do anything special , really , they just moved through the motions . 
  they are not qatar or anything . 
  i agree . 
  putin is a dick and he wages a war , but in terms of the world cup there is no reason to punish them . 
  the main issue is fifa . 
  i think many just do n't give a fuck and/or would have no problem with sacrificing some current `` allies '' . 
  browsing reddit usually makes me want to quadruple education budgets everywhere . 
  eh , i do n't think it is really about russia here . 
  more about fifa being utterly corrupt and europeans being fed up with it . 
  putin being a big dick would only help such a move , but not really cause it . 
  well , some militaries will definitely fuck the aggressor up . 
  the smaller ones just need to be a tough small nut that will bring a world of pain to anyone trying to crack it . 
  and with drone technology ever expanding , there are unlikely to be any more . 
  dude , usa prints dollars and pumps shale oil , they has all the money anyway . 
  i really do n't think there is much point in analyzing an all-out conflict , though . 
  the point of having a better army is not to defeat the enemy of that size , but to pose enough of a problem to either deter military action or to allow allies time to get their shit together . 
  i am all for more healthcare spending/better healthcare management , but army is quite important for the existence of the state . 
  germans are n't the only nation that is perfectly happy with not expanding their military when their allies can be there instead . 
  perhaps that was part of the course . 
  plenty of national heroes are also war criminals . 
  and vice versa . 
  well , i think it is supposed to be dumb . 
  i am no srs specialist , but that was my impression . 
  a sub dedicated for bashing something they do n't like , like many others . 
  well , mine is a name of a god who tortures us forever . 
  on a more serious note , interesting . 
  but why would it be damning , really ? 
  plenty of nationalists in these parts , that 's europe for you . 
  yeah , he can have his opinions , as long as he does the moderating job well . 
  later in the video there is post-war stalin 's toll . 
  the number probably includes the deaths during war-time and , well , the line is blurry with these things . 
  anyone who makes a definite judgement based on one video ( or , for that matter `` polish concentration camps '' ) is deeply ignorant and not worth worrying about . 
  they likely also believe in ufo and conspiracies . 
  that 's true regardless of language and outlet . 
  yeah , i was keeping it simple  mostly criticizing `` change for change 's sake '' approach . 
  neither duda nor komorowski are `` dumbasses '' . 
  but in general they are very uninspiring career politicians with little actual insight into how things work and how they should work .
