  well , not really , the memes are fun but everything in moderation !, 
  it was quite rare , though , as schulz did not have high ~ ~ energy ~ ~ profile recently . 
  obviously now that he got more attention , mods are clamping down on the ~ ~ lack of brakes ~ ~ enthusiasm . 
  we do n't know the future . 
  we never knew it before , either . 
  i certainly agree any pro-europe moves by the uk are very unlikely but who the hell knows . 
  plenty of variables can change . 
  it depends how much you have left to live . 
  a region can change drastically in 10-20 years , especially if faced with crises . 
  30-40 years ? 
  who the hell knows how it will look then . 
  `` never '' is a very long time . 
  federalists acknowledge it is a long term project . 
  too small , too close . 
  anyway , iraq is actually the better option now , if you compare it with syria where the west decided not to intervene . 
  his name is pretty awesome , pity he is such a disappointment otherwise . 
  we will tie him up and hang him safely from a tree , next to our village bard . 
  sad !, 
   i 'm sure this wet towel personality can be meme 'd into power if trump did it , everything is possible . 
  arguably , libya was too little . 
  helping the rebels , fine , but if the west committed troops to stabilizing the place , it would have very likely ended up much better . 
   i hate when people point out gaffes instead of mentioning real problems he did . 
  he added the gaffe at the end . 
  you are fixating on irrelevant shit , just like you accused him of doing . 
  sorry for not penetrating your deep and nuanced remark . 
  some people just are n't as smart as you , such is life . 
  in poland , the forces who advocate banning or severely restricting abortion - catholic church , many right-wing parties - are also against the very things that prevent an unwanted pregnancy from happening in the first place , namely sex education and effective birth control . 
  essentially , they pursue a traditionalist fantasy of everyone being monogamous , married and constantly having children and when it fails to materialize , they hide their heads in the sand and claim that abortion is almost non-existant . 
  abortion is n't funny . 
  polish hypocrisy about it , certainly is . 
  if you had a point , it remains a mystery to me . 
  the stats for poland are obviously bullshit . 
  head in the sand , with women having their abortions abroad or illegally . 
  hahaha , abortion is not 1-2 % in poland , this is just official stats . 
  most of it gets unreported due to culture and illegal abortion market . 
  poland did not `` fix '' abortion issues , it just banned it and hid its head in the sand . 
  all shall suffer equally, 
   he has a lot of the most notable international human rights group ( amnesty , hrw , icrc , carter center , msf , etc ) collaborating to spread lies about israel around the media . 
  woah , those groups , a veritable axis of evil, 
  woah !, 
  plenty of muslims in india , too !, 
  ruthless global interests are not ( yet ) independent of national power and often are deeply intertwined with it . 
  furthermore , authoritarian crony regimes are essentially like those exploitative corporations themselves . 
  putin 's russia is definitely an example of this . 
  no , or at least not like russia understands it . 
  europe does not consider itself a sovereign is neighboring countries and loathes to intervene unless there is already a big mess . 
  with russia , you have to recognize their supremacy or things happen . 
  so nothing really changes . 
   if they pull out then it 's a signal to russia that we are no longer actively involved . 
  and there we go . 
  trying to play european countries at each other like it is 19th century or something . 
  such politics created wonderful effects before , why not do it all over again . 
  but otherwise you get mob rule !, 
  no idea what it is but it sure sounds bad !, 
  not really , he never talked policy , only emotions . 
  * - \u00f3wna * ( - uvna ) * - anka * suffixes , among others . 
  for example , if the father had a surname `` kowal '' , the surname of the daughter would be `` kowal\u00f3wna '' . 
  ( and `` kowalowa '' for wife ) . 
  for some reason the popular * - ski * surname type does not do that . 
  welp , languages are a mess and it all fell out from use anyway . 
  they do that too . 
  but , as usual , it is not always simple . 
  definitely not a putinbot . 
   marital status of females can do the same in polish , but it is not used anymore , thank god . 
  the french one tells about slitting throats and fertilizing our fields with blood of our enemies . 
  good stuff . 
  it sure looked like they had their wish list ready and the failed coup was simply a good opportunity . 
  `` 2nd amendment people wink wink nudge nudge '', 
   i feel very strongly toward europe -- very strongly toward europe . 
  `` nobody respects women like i do . 
   the us and russia will never become friends . 
  i disagree , `` never '' is a very long time . 
  certainly not anytime soon , but there was a long while after the cold war were usa and russia were partners in many things . 
  in a decade or two , there might be political change significant enough to make usa and russia allies , if not friends . 
  not talking about trump , of course . 
  he is a puppet , willingly or not , and as such he is extremely unlikely to permanently improve us-russia relations . 
  if anything , americans will hate russians more after his term . 
  you want lepen to win ? 
  i am not sorry you left . 
  context matters . 
  in the context of trump 's previous comments and his russian sympathies , such cavalier statements are harmful and destructive . 
  no idea what ubi proponents you were talking to , but the way i understand it , it is not the goal , just a possible solution to a still hypothetical yet quite likely situation . 
  it is not a solution to unemployment , it is a solution to major societal instability caused by widespread joblessness . 
  eu does not care that much , really . 
  at this point we just wait for you to invoke a50 so that we can divorce you in an expedient manner . 
  well , ubi is just one of ideas , though arguably a popular one . 
  also from what i understood you were saying mass unemployment will be a short term problem . 
  the scenario where ubi is proposed assumes that the mass unemployment will be not solvable using traditional economic adjustments . 
  well , the idea is to try to avoid such scenarios . 
  that 's understandable . 
  scenarios that include basic income and the like assume rapid explosion of automation . 
  if you believe nothing of the sort will happen , you can reject the very need for such measures . 
  problem is , the technology is mostly already here , it is just a question of proper application and widespread adoption . 
   if anything , automation will encourage new economic sectors that requires humans . 
  there is no guarantee we can always create new economic sectors out of nothing . 
  we will be running out of things humans can do better than machines and humans will be running out of needs to satisfy . 
  we have never actively destabilized our planet 's climate either . 
  our civilization is getting to developmental stages we have n't seen before . 
  additionally , the scale and speed of development of automation is unprecedented . 
  arguments about labor market flexibility assume that the market will always eventually create new jobs .
