  should eu conform to the uk vision , then , so that they do n't feel excluded ? 
   the eu does n't want to stop it they want to dilute the native cultures of europe as much as possible . 
  ... nope , that is not what eu leaders want to do . 
  while usa and canada are markedly different cases with different challenges and protections ( like , an ocean ) it is important to remember that the most powerful country in the world is , in fact , a nation of immigrants . 
  other big players like russia and china have significant minorities - there are mosques in moscow , for example . 
  that is not to say that the current middle-eastern wave of migrants is not destabilizing - it is , and should be controlled , preferable on the eu level . 
  but it is preposterous to say that they are fundamentally incompatible and can not be integrated , as is oft repeated in these parts . 
  well , there is no other , so, 
  is n't lower euro a win for germany ? 
  brexit , the secret cherman plan . 
  eh , it is still the same house we are in . 
  sure it is a far-away wing that is burning and those people started the fire by themselves , but it does n't make me too cheerful . 
  eh , in this thread it was inevitable . 
  if i cared , i would n't have posted . 
  still should n't have , it is useless . 
  more memes , please . 
  each funny picture improves the thread further . 
  i think it is a serious problem and swedes should take care to make their citizens feel safe . 
  i do n't like this thread , because much of it is pointless and exaggerated mockery , only in part based on reality , with much of it being memes and mutual amplification . 
  dammit breivik , you were supposed not to have internet access . 
  how about not a parade of strawmen and an echo chamber ? 
  it is fine to have very strong opinions on the matter , but at some point the thread becomes useless for anything but affirming one point of view . 
  if i wanted that , i would go to / r/worldnews or whatever . 
  but hey , if that 's what people want , they are free to have it . 
  so , those millions of poles , romanians etc. 
  who moved to eu countries in recent years were actually rich people ? 
  i would just preemptively join germany . 
  better to lose in style then win in ruins . 
  what is this `` history '' thing ? 
  some more leftist bullshit ? 
  i just want my sovereignty !, 
  first-past-the-post is bullshit though , if i were you i would change that . 
  mm , europe divided among a bunch of hostile coalitions , my favorite kind of europe !, 
  that 's how international deals work , yes , especially after we remove all those pesky `` european unions '' and the like . 
  naked power of proud , sovereign nation states . 
  this thread is exactly what i thought it would be . 
  i can only blame myself for clicking . 
  sovereignty does not mean being able to do anything . 
  you can make any policy , but you will pay a price if your neighbors do n't like it . 
  no , international deals . 
  there is more tolerance for aberrations when the general situation is stable . 
  they will make a tunnel to china , just like uk . 
  and it would be even worse if eu did not exist . 
  eu is softening the inevitable power play on the continent but it does not eliminate it as long as nation-states have influence . 
  at least have the decency not to call it `` free '' movement . 
  it saddens me that so many people think we are somehow permanently past international violence . 
  peace is not granted forever , it has to be safegaurded by creating and reinforcing an area of cooperation and stability . 
  they will build a sea wall and make eu pay for it !, 
   - bullying . 
  frankly , this is a european problem , not a eu one . 
  if anything , eu is softening the power play between the states , not the other way around . 
  without it , it would be much more brutal . 
   i do not believe this avoidance will occur . 
  neither do i. 
  but i can see why hoping for it is not just denial . 
  and frankly , there is still a lot of political chaos coming and a lot can change . 
  for now , i am betting on brexit happening but who the hell knows . 
  it is not denial when there are still options to avoid it . 
  just a strong opposing opinion , not unlike the decades of anti-eu sentiment that were present in uk before . 
  that is why reddit , with all its own bullshit , strawmen , subreddit drama , brigading , agenda pushing etc. 
  is still superior . 
  should they run tv ads ? 
  the information is there , but the public does n't care and the governments do n't care about informing the public either . 
  eu is better as a handy scapegoat . 
   how 's poland in comparison ? 
  different , but in some respects even more shitty . 
  we are internationally stable , but inside they are openly and efficiently dismantling the foundations of liberal democracy and the rule of law . 
  i am not using those terms lightly or in a hyperbolic manner , this is happening in broad daylight and no one can do much because they got the government and ignore the judiciary . 
  even if they lose next elections , it will take many years to fix their shit and that 's providing we get a sensible alternative government , which at this point looks very unlikely due to opposition being either horribly splintered or even worse . 
  so yeah , i am not laughing when i watch uk , at least not in the merry way . 
  your crisis makes ours even worse . 
  definitely . 
  at this point , the european political elite takes great care to call for not treating uk spitefully , following procedures etc. 
  if uk delays article 50 too long , it will prolong economic and political uncertainty , which will gradually piss european leaders off . 
  god forbid if the new pm tries to game triggering article 50 , this will drive them into a frenzy . 
  it is democracy - or at least a democratic mechanism - which worked poorly . 
  the western ideal of democracy is much more than just voting , it is also a civilized political atmosphere which avoids pushing outrageous lies and tabloid hysteria . 
  the west has obviously a lot of problems in this regard , nowadays . 
  yet another failure of his . 
  he thought he could game eurosceptic tories and tory voters with promises of a referendum and lost . 
  then he though he would squeeze the eu for major concessions and lost again . 
  not going to miss him . 
  huh . 
  so it would only take a couple tory mps rebelling for there not being a new pm and no article 50 any time soon ? 
  so much craziness can still happen , it seems . 
  i bet it must be * utterly * thrilling to watch from within the uk . 
  can you blame them , eh . 
   i do n't see any way to avoid it now . 
  parliament refusing to activate article 50 would avoid it . 
  probably accompanied with a fresh general election to reinforce the mandate . 
  but yeah , it would be even more chaos with the leave voters justifiably feeling betrayed . 
  eventually , tories will probably push the button but fuck if anyone knows for sure . 
  a neutral country is like a tasty pickle left for later . 
   russia has no reason to attack finland while i find it very unlikely , russia is only partially pragmatic with many of their actions coming from paranoia/assholery . 
  also , their quasi-tzarist system is inherently unstable in the long term , so i would n't leave it to chance . 
  if i was in the place of finns i would join nato . 
  but it is your decision and it just might be fine , if you are n't unlucky . 
  i would not be surprised if continued russian asshattery eventually pushes your public opinion towards the alliance , though . 
  guess russian military tourism is something that speaks to your populace . 
  hope you join nato too .
