  humiliations and defeats, 
  backward looking , dwelling on, 
  ancient glories and historic, 
  grudges, 
  seriously ? 
  i fucking love this song !, 
  makes me feel like i 'm falling , but it 's ok , i 'm just crazy and imagining it . 
  might as well enjoy the ride !, 
  you know me too well , hehe :d, 
  the more you know about them , the more you admire them ... 
  you have to keep in mind that they did all that in the socialist yugoslavia ... you got ta have balls to do that . 
  and still i ca n't find a single example of art bearing as much meaning and as important a message as they still do . 
  but yeah ... pixies are awesome too !, 
  in that case ... if you ever want to see them live ... 
  i 'm on couchsurfing ( in slovenia ), 
  love your nick !, 
  \u017di\u017eek explains him remarkably well ... 
  i have no idea why people are rude to you ... 
  i bet it is out of fear you might find out their biggest secrets ... 
  and a question ... how does it effect your life ? 
  i 'm wondering because , being as confused as i am and reading quite a bit of stuff because of it , i find myself more and more a passanger in my own life . 
  i can understand my problems , mostly even know where they originate , and there seems to be nothing i can do about it . 
  id wins every time . 
  thank you for your kind words !, 
  i 'm actually a good friend with a really respected psychoanalist ( in my country ) , so we talk alot about stuff ... 
  i 've gotten over any guilt i had , i always kind of respected myself because i know who and what i am . 
  what is giving me trouble is the realisation i ca n't really change as much as i wish i could . 
  a very important person in my life is completely different to me and only out of this difference hurt comes . 
  the more i know , the more i accept myself , the more i have a feeling i kind of let go of trying to change myself . 
  `` this is who i am , take it or leave it '' does n't seem like trying very hard in a relationship . 
  i would n't ask of anyone to change for me , but there is someone who suffers alot because i 'm insensitive in some areas . 
  i just do n't find them important and on a deep level ca n't understand how someone else really think they are . 
  sorry for the ramblings . 
  just wanted to say ... those who understand what you 're doing respect you for it . 
  edit ; additional question :, 
  in knowing yourself , and accepting what is in your psyche , is there place for change ? 
  where does the power to change come from ? 
  you work cog !, 
  why would n't you !, 
  same here !, 
  i have a feeling it only started a few days ago ... 
  and i do n't want to disable the reddit toolbar ... 
  came for the links ... stayed for the comments ... 
  oooh ... you were talking about a car insurance company ... not the usa army ... 
  live and learn ... 
  i actually thought of using frozen marble cubes ... 
  it would cool the drink better and it would n't dilute it at all !, 
  and it could be made out of some expensive marble with fucking gold in it , if it needs to be posh !, 
  ( assuming there are no bar fights in such up-scale bars ... ), 
  so there is at least one other person as smart as me !, 
  ( i bet they would be more successful if they cost 200 $ ), 
  on reddit ? 
  most ... 
  to really enjoy it , you have to understand the lyrics ... at least a bit ... 
  here 's a bad google translate :, 
  that i am good , i 'm fine ,, 
  i am my father 's son, 
  that we have money, 
  and to have a fast car, 
  i do not need the job , you need a goal ,, 
  finger in your ear , i have no need for that, 
  every day i dream autobahn, 
  alas , my brother , so i 'm annoyed, 
  head over to us hanging crane, 
  it is blam , blam, 
  give me the groove, 
  give me the beat, 
  give me the heat, 
  come roll up shit, 
  motaj , motaj , motaj , roll up !, 
  what speed , what ex -, 
  better to ganja then sex, 
  better create a new sound, 
  easier to create a new text, 
  relax , roll up ... 
  second , the first burst is like a biscuit, 
  one is not enough , next motaj, 
  easy access throughout the stress, 
  i do not fit into all this mess, 
  every day i dream autobahn, 
  where ever i go just a gravel road, 
  alas , my brother , so i 'm annoyed, 
  head over to us hanging crane, 
  it is blam , blam, 
  motaj , motaj , roll it ! , roll up !, 
  wait for the refrain , 
  why ? 
  i 'm not drunk . 
  i 'm high ... 
  but in the summertime , i always have a beer keg in the freezer . 
  so when the time comes for the worse of my two drugs of choice , i really enjoy it . 
  all i 'm saying ... you do n't have to buy a special fereze-proof glass . 
  it already is ( if it 's not too thin ... do n't freeze champaigne glasses or stuff like that ), 
  wait ... 
  what was your question again ? 
  good one ... 
  annoyed that everybody is standing up and clapping i join the celebration because of the peer preasure . 
  i am not great . 
  he 's known for many things ... but wealth is not one of them really . 
  do n't know him personaly ... but i do people who do ( i 'm from slovenia ) ...
