  forgot he borrowed a wheel ? 
  did n't even tell you it got stolen ? 
  fuck that guy . 
  ( and based on the information you gave us ... 
  i do n't think you 'll be getting any money anyway . 
  he 'll probably forget ), 
  oh god , why did you do this to me !, 
  it 's back to dreaming about the jiggernaut for me !, 
  ( but really , congratulations on you very own bicycle !, 
  how would i love to ride a bike i knew as intimately as you do yours ! ), 
  absolutely beautiful !, 
  why did you choose the fuji over the rivals ? 
  for some reason i want a fuji touring more than a surly lht , but ca n't really tell why . 
  what was it for you ? 
  this is absolutely amazing !, 
  not one carbon bike comes even close to a beauty like this !, 
  more expensive = lighter ... that makes sense . 
  i 'm actually more interested in the actual differences between levels . 
  is there a technology that the more expensive ones use that is really beneficial ? 
  or is it really mostly about weight ? 
  also , which one is the most durable in your opinion ? 
  i really do n't care about grams at all ( i could loose 10kg if i just stopped eating bacon ) . 
  but in my logic , the more race oriented groupsets are made to be as light as possible , not as durable as possible . 
  also ... 
  i have a 10 year old xt groupset on my bike . 
  what groupset would you compare it to ? 
  how would you rate them according to longevity ? 
  i 'm mostly interested in bicycle touring so durabitity is more important than anything . 
  i have n't really though about sram . 
  should i ? 
  i 'm sure it 's just as good ( or better ) but shimano parts are easiest to find anywhere in the world ... that 's why i haven given sram enough consideration, 
  this all works together ? 
  i would have thought the chain dimensions etc. 
  are different !, 
  do you think it would be more economically viable to buy alivio , even if you have to change it for a new set down the road ? 
  or buy the best i can this moment and hope it will last as long as 2 alivio sets would ? 
  is 105 more durable than the mountain bike groupsets ? 
  and i 'll go look for the videos !, 
  i must have missed them ... 
  i 've really been looking hard for a good comparison in materials , technologies used in different groupsets ... but all i get is `` more durable , lighter , faster '', 
  brilliant !, 
  that 's exactly the kind of info i 'm looking for !, 
  thank you !, 
  great info !, 
  so considering the chain is the most complicated part of a bicycle ... an alivio drive train is actually more durable because it uses a slightly wider chain ? 
  even if not , maintenance is probably more important for the life span ... 
  i just do n't want to miss on something important just to save a few 100 eur . 
  also , for the shifters , do you think it is worth it to go for bar-end shifters ? 
  i have no clue when it comes to wokring with my bike ... sorry for the stupid questions ... 
  when i look at photos of bikes on the net most of them seem to have bars come through the head tube and than a stem is installed on them . 
  mine works differently , there is a system that expands when i tighten a bolt in it and this fixes it . 
  i have no choice of different stem angles or lengths . 
  also , where can i buy only a steel fork ? 
  will almost any forks i find work ? 
  should i look for similar fork rakes ? 
  big thank you for all the help !, 
  i thought i would have to replace the whole fork in order to get the extra bit that is missing on mine ( the part that comes through the head tube on the more common type of forks ) . 
  i mostly buy bicycle stuff from a german site bike24.com but i ca n't find a single quill stem there !, 
  i would also like lowrider braze ons but i can get arround that . 
  i would just really like to try a drop handlebar . 
  :( i guess it 's not a very good store than, 
  off to my lbs it is !, 
  i wish we had someone like you working in my area . 
  one shop is 2x more expensive than buying online and the other one has elitist people working in it ... 
  i 've never felt comfortable but hell , i should also support local business , should n't i , 
  again , thank you so much for your help !, 
  but completely useless unless you set them up . 
  i use therma-rest on the road too when i rest . 
  why would you want the lowest spoke count ? 
  if you want light there are way better bikes for the job ... 
  i would have `` tough '' as my priority . 
  and also , definitely triple drive train . 
  you need as much gear range as possible for loaded touring, 
  beautiful bike !, 
  these are not exactly the same ... but i just found them yesterday and was blown away by the price, 
  beautiful !, 
  hope you ride it as much as it deserves !, 
  450 for a mercian ? 
  i would pay that much for frame only !!!, 
  is the craftmanship as good as you expected ? 
  are you sure ? 
  have you looked at the dropouts on the inbred ? 
  they are a bit special and are supposed to work with derailleurs , single speed and ighs ... 
  what about the wheel ? 
  if i use disk brakes , is there anything that would prevent me from using trekking , 26 inch or 700c wheels ? 
  sorry , i 'm very new to bicycle standards ... 
  there are supposed to be mounts for disc brakes ... 
  this is directly from the description on their site : `` the inbred is designed for contemporary forks with up to 120mm travel and disc brakes . '', 
  no braze-ons for fenders , but there are braze-ons for the rear rack ( i think i 'd use the surly ogre fork , wich also has front low-rider mounts ) . 
  but you 're right , this is by no means an ultimate touring bike . 
  for the ultimate budget pure touring i 'd probably get an lht or a kona sutra ... 
  but i live near some pretty awesome single tracks and pure touring bikes are not really that suitable for them . 
  i 'd also like to be able to do some off-road touring . 
  i 'd love the option of someday upgrading to a rohloff , change it to a ss fat funbike , speedy commuter with trekking ( are these 700c ? ), 
  rims and skinny , fast tires or dress it up into some proper 29er wheels when i get the cash to buy some ... 
  what do you think ? 
  i 'm from across the pond unfortunately , but great work !, 
  i 'd love the safety and completeness of a thorn , surly , velotraum or singular frames , but they are absolutely out of my price range . 
  people often compromise with , let 's say surly troll frames for some rougher touring and they seem to work reasonably well on the road too . 
  the kona sutra is considered a very versatile bike and it has a reasonably similar geometry :,
