  not worth it imho, 
  i did n't mean it will kill you ... 
  but it is a deal braker for most people . 
  you would n't really feel comfortable falling asleep while listening to music on those speakers ... 
  you should have bought another hat from the first one . 
  problem solved . 
  do n't know why you 're getting downvoted ... that 's one of the few moments in cinematic history that really made me goose my bumps ... :p, 
  seriously ... if you listen carefully , they 've even put in the sound of teeth on concrete ... fucking terrifying !, 
  so how much do you make ? 
  no ... really ... are you in it just for a few years and than retire and feed hungry ducks ? 
  you can tell my brain that ... but it wo n't listen ... 
  those sound fx guys know their business ... 
  great !, 
  i 'm happy for you !, 
   you must have worked pretty hard to get where you are at this point !, 
  i get 170 mpg , a relaxing drive everywhere , do n't need a helmet , do n't have to register it , just ride and smile !, 
  i 've been reading r/frugal because of my apparently huge desire to financially support my dealer ... and i could n't be a happier ent !, 
  it 's even slow enough so that the wind does n't smoke half of your joint !, 
  nickelblack . 
  i rest my case . 
  oh ... a few numbers if anyone is interested ... 
  it does 170 mpg and cost me 500 eur . 
  if anything breaks , it 'll be dirt cheap ... and you would n't believe the smiles i get when people see me buzzing by !, 
  a few surely think it 's ridiculous , a few think is cool and few older people actually recognize it !, 
  i though of buying the electric version , just turns out that it does n't have the lifepo4 battery so it would only last me a year and a half ... and than buy a new battery for 550eur ... 
  and it 's used ( 1999 ) so no extra production ... quite green too !, 
  it actually a bit faster tha bikes ... 
  but not by much ... 
  when i slooowly creep on a biker on a longer straight stretch , he can hear me . 
  bit people are not used to hearing motor engines and then 1 minute ... nothing overtakes them ... 
  so confused looking back by the biker begins ... 
  and i 'm always at least 100 from the biker when they start :d ( do n't know if this makes sense ), 
  they made several million , they 're not that hard to find . 
  just search for a solex . 
  legally ... it 's a bike . 
  you can drive it on the road . 
  on bike lanes . 
  everywhere . 
  it 's a solex ... 
  they 've been making them since 1946 , just not the same company ... you can read all about it ( they 've actually started production if france again ... ), 
  i 'm actually not legally required to wear a helmet ... 
  and to tell you the truth ... it 's a style issue at the moment . 
  i have an old `` full face power ranger '' helmet wich would look ridiculous . 
  ( but i have thought of putting on full racing bike gear ... the leather jumper , boots ... everything ... and riding it . 
  that would be hillarious ! ), 
  back to the helmet ... 
  i have a retro one picked out ... 
  i 'll just have to wait till the next month to get it . 
  really depends on the hills ... 
  i have a reasonably hilly ride to work ... that 's actually the reason i got it . 
  if i pedal to work i get there sweating like a pig ... pushin pedals and no wind to cool you down does that . 
  and the solex solves this perfectly !, 
  there is only a 10m stretch of quite a steep hill actually , where i have to `` help '' it by pedaling . . 
  but the real reason is i have to stop just before it because of a junction . 
  it definately wo n't accelerate uphill ... 
  no ... an old solex . 
  not as old as it could be ( they 've been making them since 1946 ) , it 's a 1999 hungarian-made one . 
  but i still love it !, 
  next month ... just ca n't afford it right now . 
  i actually wish i could do this . 
  but i live in an apartment , so i have nowhere to park a big motorcycle ... 
  problem solved !, 
  oh an this is r/frugal , after all , 
  hm ... interesting ... 
  i 've been told they were so popular exactly because of their reliability . 
  i guess i could have been just lucky ... 
  mine works like a charm :d, 
  hater :p, 
  oh the rational frugal :p, 
  but you 're completely right , i know . 
  i plan on wearing one ... just a few more days until the next paycheck ... , 
  and i would n't have to hide the grin ridin my solex gives me ... and act all serious and cool :p, 
  there 's a repressed 16 year old in me somewhere :p, 
  crime in my town would stop !, 
  unless the criminals walk a bit fast ... then i wo n't be able to catch them :p, 
  but this is not a moped . 
  that 's the point actually . 
  mopeds have to be registered here too ... 
  this is a bicycle with an auxiliary motor . 
  same thing as those electric assisted bicycles ( wich are muuuch faster than the solex ) . 
  the only requirement is that it does n't go faster than 25km/h , but who would have thought that my solex does go faster !, 
  :p it 's the definition of an assisted bicycle and has been for at least 60 years . 
  but yeah ... 
  i 'm from europe ... ymmv, 
  just in case non-laibach-fans think this was a miserable attempt at flirting ... :p, 
  you definitely have a point ... but the thing is this is not a motorcycle . 
  if i see a car heading straight to me ... 
  there is no power to accelerate and get away from it . 
  i 'm not worried about me falling , but drivers here can be a bit crazy and quite often drunk . 
  it does n't have to be my fault to have an accident . 
  but yeah ... 
  i was surprised how many people commented on the helmet issue ... 
  as long as i have the use of my arms , i can write comments on reddit . 
  but without a helmet , they probably wo n't be very witty : /, 
  but you 're absolutely right . 
  being aware of ones surroundings can prevent almost any accident . 
  but if there is no time to brake , that little engine wo n't offer any ways out of a dangerous situation . 
  and the helmet will make me look responsible . 
  bitches love responsibility . 
  ( i have more bad boy appeal than i would like ... party too often and too hard ... do n't need a harley ... but if i had one , i would n't wear a helmet on joy cruises ),
