  one day i will have a custom frame build and i have my own personal list of framebuilders i would love to do the job for me , but i have absolutely no way of knowing what the little differences betwen them are ... 
  wow !, 
  thank you for such a fast and in-depth reply !, 
  moots is on top of my list , but crisp titanium is a very , very close second ( and closer to me so i could actually go and see the builder to have a talk about the details and get measured correctly ) . 
  i do n't know why i never really considered if . 
  but i still have lots of time before i save up for one of their frames , so i do n't really have to decide right now ... 
  this is what i have on my brooks b17, 
  and i like it . 
  no problems and does what it 's supposed to do ... 
  fits well on the brooks, 
  you 're wasting peoples time because you posted in the wrong sub . 
  it is an instructional video of how to fuck up a halubit 's day . 
  not of a master that has spent decades improving a very specific skill . 
  a sub is only as good as the treshold for crap . 
  your post contributet to r/artisanvideos becoming a bit more crap . 
  wow !, 
  that 's awesome !, 
  what possition ? 
  damn !, 
  i 've been drooling over a velotraum for a while now !, 
  absolutely brilliant bike !, 
  yes . 
  i think that is the problem apparently . 
  i 'm just surprised it did n't sync correctly ( i imported all the contacts that worked flawlessly on android ), 
  i feel stupid . 
  yes , that is the problem . 
  i 'll manually have to change it i guess ... 
  suprisingly smooth !, 
  there are a few apps i miss , but only some specialized local services like a carpooling app ... 
  otherwise i love the ui and have n't found a fault with it . 
  if you look at other bikes from vsf , they also offer proper touring bikes . 
  and randonneur is not a broader term in europe . 
  it 's simmilar to touring , but a touring bike is resiserad in german . 
  also , european touring bikes tend to have flat bars or even butterfly bars . 
  very rarely drop bars . 
  so compared their other models ... this actually is a `` faster version '' of their touring bikes ... ergo ... the randonneur . 
  whichever bike gets you to the finnish of a brevet is a randonneur . 
  or are only the bikes , that are designed to be randonneurs `` proper '' ? 
  if you look at touring bikes , they have a wide range of tubing . 
  trail will be different and sure as hell they wo n't all have the same size wheens . 
  but they still are touring bikes . 
  as far as i can tell ... vsf did n't brake any rules for designing a randonneuring bike . 
  lighter than their touring bikes ... 700 instead of 26 wheels , drop bars ... 
  the only thing that is out of place are the front and rear racks . 
  but it 's easy to take them off . 
  i 'm thinking about doing the same trip to istanbul ... just starting from slovenia ( my home ) . 
  how do you like the bicycle ? 
  i 've been looking at awols since they came out but ca n't really find any reviews on them ... 
  great !, 
  thank you for the reply !, 
  have a look at this than !, 
  bamboo will not be `` simple '' at all . 
  i think by far the easiest option for a velomobile would be an atomic zombie trike . 
  big-wheels are ... well ... fun ... but i do n't see it benefiting from improved aerodynamics . 
  would you actually use the velomobile ? 
  by far the cheapest option would be to wrap some rockwool or simmilar isulation material in fabric ( so you do n't have to breath the particles all night ) and just `` push '' it agains the window , the snugger the better . 
  i 'm more in studio acoustics ... 
  here 's a similar thing, 
  here 's a diy plans if you have n't found any yet ... 
  hope it helps !, 
  just some advice if you decide to go this way ... 
  what the plans are for are acoustic panels . 
  so to treat the sounds in the room , not preventing them from getting in/out . 
  everything is exactly the same , you can definately use this type of panels for sound isolation , but remember ... 
  the most important thing in sound isolation is air tightness . 
  you really have to be careful to completely cover the window . 
  if you manage to do it right , you will only hear the traffic if tanks go by your house . 
  if you 're building a dream touring bike ... ( i 'm really sorry for what i 'm about to do to you ... ), 
  take a look at the pinion drive . 
  it 's a bottom bracket transmission , developed by guys who met designing transmissions at porsche . 
  it has 18 gears , 636 % gear ratio ( rohloff has 526 % ) , is located in the best possible spot on the bike ( lowest center of gravity , stronger wheels etc. ), 
  it 's still pretty new and to some point unproved , but i have little doubt it 'll be practically bombproof . 
  there are many other bike manufacturers using it , among others tout terrain , koga , velo de ville , velotraum , santos , norwid ... 
  you should check out all these manufacturers , they are all top-of-the-line touring specialists and of course do rohloff frames too !, 
  oh , and if you 're still set on a rohloff frame ... thorn cycles have probably the most experience and expertise for designing rohloff bikes . 
  i 'm sure they will work with you if you want s&s couplers ( as will all other manufacturers in this pricerange ) . 
  best of luck to you and i must say i 'm jealous if your freedom in choosing your dream bike !, 
  i got really excited about the idea of a pinion and , well ... salsa vaya travel is definately in the same price range as some of the pinion models ... 
  he can forget about the pinion drive and just take a look at the high-end manufacturers i suggested , they all do rohloff . 
  and thorn ( the ones i 'd reccomend the most as they are probably most well proven to stand rough touring ) . 
  thorn do n't even make a pinion bicycle . 
  but still , your suggestion about the pinion being used on beach cruisers ... sorry , it 's just not good taste to put something as over-engineered as a pinion in the same basket as 300eur bikes . 
  thank you !, 
  i have n't really put that much tought in `` specialist cold weather performer '' aspect of the tunnel design . 
  i really like it because of the space it provides , more than the wind tunnel performance ( wich i do n't mind , really ) . 
  i 'm also not that concerned with weight . 
  well , i am , but then again , 1kg difference is weight in a tent does n't outweigh a 500 eur price jump ( or , a different design . 
  about the ventilation problem , i may be wrong but i think it 's really a simple solution with just opening the side door a bit , or keeping it completely open in really warm nights . 
  i think of it like a jacket . 
  you can have a really top of the line waterproof jacket , all sealed tight , but when the waterproof-ness is not that much of an issue , just unzip it a bit . 
  it 's not like you need a completely different design for more ventilation in calm conditions . 
  but it comes in handy on cold and damp nights !, 
  i do n't know . 
  am i over simplifying ? 
  thank you so much !, 
  you bring up some great points !, 
  and some brands i 'm not as fammiliar with as i would like to make a truly well researched buy !, 
  and i do n't know many people looking at tents like this so it 's nice to talk to someone in a simmilar situation !, 
  i have absolutely no experience with any of the tents , i 'll have to buy online and there are no stores in slovenia that would have tents of this quality in stock . 
  so there is no way for me to `` test '' the tents before buying or even just try lying down in them , so i have to trust the measurments .
