  tourng bicycles have been arround for a while now . 
  and there is a huge variety between them , but just for an example , let 's look at the thorn range of touring bikes ... 
  you have everything from bomb-proof 26 '' wheels expedition bike with drop or flat bars . 
  than you have also heavy-load carrying 28 '' touring bikes for on-road use ... 
  than a club tour with some funky features and falls right in between a proper tourer and an audax bike ... 
  then comes audax and so on . 
  i just do n't really understand your attitude towards steel . 
  a steel touring bike is niche , a carbon is niche , titanium definatelly is niche , that mostly leaves wood and aluminium . 
  and if anything is niche it 's wood . 
  so that leaves aluminium ? 
  i really do n't get it . 
  there has been much progress in the properties of steel tubing too , not just alu and carbon . 
  anyway , there is also , i admit , an emotional reason to steel . 
  it has a different feeling . 
  the tubes are straight and not some computer generated hydroformed monsters . 
  and i love the smaller diameter of steel tubes . 
  how do you feel about pegoretti bikes ? 
  they 're steel but plenty light enoug for your kind of cyclig ... 
  i 'm actually thinking about upgrading my girlfriends city bike for touring ... 
  it 's an alu trekking city bike with front shocks and she would love a butterfly bar on it for all the different hand positions and space for lights/gadgets , bell , mirror ... 
  and i too think it would work great . 
  why would n't it ? 
  i 'm really sorry man , i 'm really not trying to attack you if by chance it would seem this way , but i 'm really intrigued by your amazement with people who cycle for reasons other than sport ... 
  i 've hosted quite a few people through warmshowers who rarely do more than 70km a day and have absolutely no guilty conciense for doing only 30 in a day if the day was spent enjoying other things . 
  when solo i usually do about 70-130km a day . 
  when touring with my girlfriend , a 30km day is just as full and exciting for me as that 150km push through a hilly countryside with vineyards as far as you can see because i just wanted to see it all and take huge breaths of that air for as long as possible . 
  man ... that 's some serious sports touring !, 
  it 's a race . 
  and done by a really good athlete at that !, 
  i just go with something like a 40 % effort for my average riding . 
  helps avoid pain and injury and just generally being fed-up of riding . 
  i also sometimes push , but only when i feel like it . 
  i have done one longer tour and i everaged about 2500km a month with quite a few days of not riding . 
  but because of my work i mostly do 1 week tours . 
  if solo , i do about 500-100km , if with my girlfriend ... rarely more than 400km in a week . 
  we have a breakfast , some snacks along the way ... a normal lunch and a biiig dinner when on tour . 
  that covers my needs , i do n't really count calories . 
  it really is an interesting discussion !, 
  i enjoy it aswell !, 
  i do n't think i 'd tour on a road bike . 
  an more upright , comfortable position is more important to me personally than reduced wind resistance ... 
  also there is no way framebags can carry the same as a normal , average touring bike with 4 panniers . 
  ( oh and i love you beat public transport !, 
  i 'd love to do it !, 
  but usually i stop way too much ), 
  for some reason most trekking and city bikes come with front suspension ... 
  i do n't understand it eather ... 
  but butterfly bars ... 
  i think my next touring bike will have them . 
  just so comfortable and spaceous for things to put on them ... 
  so i always protest a bit when people make fun of them ... 
  they really do work !, 
  i think we 've just hit the crux of the difference in opinion !, 
  it 's really quantity vs. quality type of thing . 
  when i watch the mark beaumont 's documentary i just think to myself how he missed the point completely . 
  touring arround the world and not allowing himself to experience anything other than the pain on the bike in different countries . 
  even if touring for a week , when touring together ... 
  i do n't care about the distance at all . 
  the bicycle is the only meas of transportation for the whole week . 
  we do n't ride past national parks and picturesque restaurants , we stop and enjoy them . 
  of course there is the final destination at point b , and we start at home , at point a , but what 's in between is almost always unknown . 
  but i 've never taken the shortest or fastest route to my final destination . 
  the b roads is where the nicer nature , quieter sorroundings and local people mostly are . 
  that 's the goal of the tour , not reaching the destination . 
  but your tours sound absolutely amazing achievements !, 
  but still , for lack of a better expression , you are in a mindset of a tourist , not a traveller . 
  i never liked the handling of the bike if i only had rear panniers . 
  they are quite high ( and i have a tubus rack that possitions them lower than most ) . 
  i have a funny set-up actually , i have the bigger panniers in front , and the smaller ones on the rear rack ... with the tent and other stuff also on the rear rack it makes the distribution at arround 40 % of weight in the front . 
  i absolutely love my bicycle stand for that reason !, 
  i have one of those heavy duty ones with two `` feet '' on the ground and i can use it to compare weight of the front and back of the bike by rocking it back and forward on the stand . 
  i also love the fact that when parked , the front wheel is in the air ... and it allows me to evenly distribute the wight in my front panniers ... 
  if side is heavier ... the fron wheel just turns in that direction . 
  i will gladly have 35kg strapped to my bike if it 's evenly distributed !, 
  and now for the handlebars ... 
  i currently use bullhorns ... and my main hand position is palm on the handlebar ... side-palm and fingers on the bullhorns . 
  a butterfly bar is exactly the same only it connects the bullhorns , allowing you to fit your gps , lights , bell , mp3 player and so on ... 
  i 'm actually from europe !, 
  slovenia to be exact ... 
  and i 'm surprised steel is so rare in your experience !, 
  i host quite alot and the vast majority of people were on steel touring bikes from european or even german manufacturers . 
  there were quite a few who were on one of their first tours and used an alu trekking bike but , whoever actually bought their bicycle with touring in mind , it was steel . 
  there is no doubt the vast majority of touring bikes from england are steel . 
  they have everything from budget ones , like crux , then the dawes galaxy range and everything up to a custom built dave yates . 
  dutch manufacturers often use steel but also have alu options . 
  french are proud of their custom made steel touring frames and there are many ... 
  the swiss too produce amazing touring bikes , vast majority steel . 
  and now to germany ... outside of cube bicycles and simmilar ... 
  it 's hard to find a non-steel touring bike !, 
  ok , velotraum makes them mostly out of alu , but they have a very popular steel option . 
  tout terrain are all steel , norwid also , rotor , patria is exclusively steel !, 
  even `` budget '' brands that have touring bikes on offer mostly do them in steel . 
  the most common bicycle for german tourers in my experience is the vsf fahrradmanufaktur . 
  all steel except for the lowest priced bikes . 
  even the austrian ktm , who only do aluminium and carbon bikes ... chose steel for their life lontano touring model . 
  the italians have all the history of top of the line steel bikes and for touring , even cinelli uses steel in their hobo . 
  are you talking just about bikes in general or touring bikes ? 
  i hope my words did n't come off as condensending , because i have huge respect for people who do major endurance achievements . 
  i was talking about a mindset of a tourist , and a mindset of a traveller . 
  the tourist views the part between points of interest as a burdeon instead of the `` meat '' of the travel and experience .
