  i 've had my share of practice in apologizing and excuses in english ( never did my homework at school ) . 
  developing a solid argument is trickier and usually ends up straying away from the actual content of what i tried to express and spirals into an unrecognizable mess about proper wording . 
  i 've heard mars bars are the best and offer not so bad nutrition . 
  they are supposed to be used by some us armed forces ( forgot wich one ) . 
  i always had a few on my tour and i love their relatively high melting point ( when all other chocolates turn gooey a mars bar can still be eaten with one hand ), 
  and here is your new favorite slovene :, 
  i know what you 're trying to say , but why would you consider him insane ? 
  people want to live different lives . 
  it does n't necessarily mean they 're crazy . 
  especially if it was their choice . 
  or is everybody who does n't want a 9-5 , big house , kids and two cars lifestyle weird and thus must be crazy ? 
  that i was an ugly baby . 
  i 'm gorgeous now . 
  what manual ? 
  thank you for your reply ... after i posted i realised i have worded it very badly . 
  i guess i 'll have to draw the thing and go to askenginneers . 
  cheers !, 
  that was the first idea ... 
  i just wanted to stick one of these :, 
  ( a diy version ), 
  but the problem is that in order to keep it simple , i ca n't allow it to rotate left-right . 
  i want it to stay horizontal but always facing in the direction of the pole ( trying to control it would be a pita ) . 
  which should n't be a problem , i would just use a quite big u profile and balance the camera in a pendulum kind of way ( counterbalanced so it would n't sway when i moved it forwards or backwards ... how do you call this in phisycs ? ), 
  but the thing is i will almost never have a true flat surface like i would have with a tripod mounted system . 
  it will be mounted on a custom alu tube in the seat tube ( like the seat post but with a rotating u profile at the end instead of a seat ) . 
  that 's why the u profile at the end of the main jib pipe/tube ca n't be fixed . 
  it needs to adjust so that the camera is horizontal ... would a turning u profile solve the problem like i imagine it would ? 
  you 're not the only one ... but you 're the best, 
  depending on how much effort you are willing to put into it , but you do n't really need a consultant to do that . 
  not many would take the job anyway . 
  the smaller the room is , the bigger problem low frequency response becomes . 
  i 've helped designed a few recording studios and in small rooms , in my experience , the deader the better ( dead - minimal reverberation ) . 
  if you 're really serious about it and are actually designing it from scratch as a listening room , do n't use paralell walls !, 
  it makes such a huge difference not having to deal with standing waves . 
  so here 's my advice , to keep this short , 
  - no parallel walls, 
  - if the room is really small , dress all the walls and ceiling with rockwool or fiberglass ( 80-100kg / m3 ) . 
  this will make the room sound too dead , but it 's a much easier problem to fix . 
  how ? 
  well ... 
  - make some difusors or even simple reflectors ( a diffusor scatters the sound according to it 's frequency , a reflector just reflects it ( a bent wooden board works pretty well as a reflector ) and keep adding them until you achieve your desired sound . 
  soundproofing is a completely different matter unfortunately . 
  soundproofing is there to keep noise in or out of the room . 
  acoustic treatments changes how distorted the sound coming from your speakers is , when the sound waves finally arrive to your ears ... 
  soundproofing can get very expensive , depends how much you need . 
  what will be your main building material ? 
  how dedicated to music reproduction will this be ? 
  will you live in it too or is it just a shed to enjoy some nice sounding tunes ? 
  how loud do you want to be without anyone noticing ( and how loud before anyone is bothered by it ? ) ), 
  i really think you do n't need as much isolation as you might think . 
  i have recording studios in mind and microphone picking up a car driving by is a much bigger problem than it only `` disturbing your listening experience '' . 
  i do n't think you 'd really notice it . 
  really , by far the easiest , safest and most idiot proof way is to cover as much of the surfaces with isolation as possible . 
  so you have the outer wall , on top of that let 's say 10cm of good , heavy rock wool and on top of it some dense fabric covering the rock wool . 
  this gives you a lot of freedom for the interior design as well , but that 's besides the point . 
  if you have quite a powerful system , do some superchunks in the corner . 
  it 's nothing more than cutting the rock wool into triangles and stacking them up on top of each other ... like this : http://www.trickmusic.com/grafx/tutorial%20images/superchunka.jpg, 
  this principle is very effective because it effectively means you have a variable depth of the absorber ( sound isolator ) and that means it effects a broader range of frequencies . 
  this is good . 
  when you finish this part you can smile , knowing that you have a better sound reproduction on your system than most audiophiles with 200k $ systems have , if they do n't have an acoustically treated room . 
  it will not be the most pleasant room when you walk in , but give your brain a few minutes to adjust to the new environment and you will really appreciate hearing only the sound actually coming from the speakers , not mixed with some echo that has been bouncing around the room for the last second . 
  but still , chances are that you will want a more `` live '' feeling to it . 
  i probably would too if it were n't for professional use . 
  and the good thing is , almost anything you do will have an effect to the sound of the room . 
  the `` feeling '' of the room is connected to psychoacoustics . 
  and for psychoacoustics , high frequencies are all that matter . 
  high frequencies are also the easies to manipulate because they bounce off of everything !, 
  the sexiest way of adding some liveness to a room is with a rough stone wall . 
  one of those where the stones were not shaped in any way and they have a very rough finnish . 
  but really , put a painting on the wall and it will make a difference . 
  put a table in the room and it will make a huge difference . 
  about the price , it really should n't be much . 
  i do n't know where you are from , so here 's an example from amazon ( i 'm sure you can get it cheaper locally ... 
  it 's one of the core building products available everywhere ) . 
  i do n't know this exact product but seems comparable to what i would normally use ... 
  it costs 72 $ for 6 panels that would cover 4.32 m2 . 
  take the surface of the walls and ceiling , divide and you have a rough estimate . 
  also count in the price of the fabric to cover the rockwool ... 
  if you go throguh with the project , send me a msg and i can help you do some basic calculations of problem frequencies you 're likely to have in your room ... 
  it 's always better to know the problem before you start fixing it . 
  but this approach , using vast areas of isolation , is hard to fault . 
  it wo n't be world class by any means , but it will be worlds apart from any untreated listening room . 
  wow !, 
  brilliant !, 
  wich bars are those ? 
  did you modify them or are they sold like this ? 
  you 're unbeliveably gorgeous !, 
  god i wish i met someone like you, 
  i love it !, 
  how does it compare to the kona ? 
  cool photos !, 
  and you use the same tent i used on my first tour ( barcelona - lisbon ) . 
  thank you for reminding me how great it was !!!, 
  ( a few photos from my tour , tent visible  ), 
  this was my route ... 
  i do n't speak spanish ( after a week i was able to order a cerveza ... so i had the basics covered ) and did n't really look for the most scenic roads . 
  i decided to stick to main roads as much as possible because getting lost takes so much time from you , so i 'm sure any other resource would be more helpful than i am at advice on sightseeing . 
  on the other hand , the scenery is jut so beautiful you really ca n't go wrong . 
  i loved every second of it and every once in a while i had a special treat i did n't expect in a form of a view or some other sights . 
  my favorite place in the tour was definately logrono , a small-ish student town with amazing nightlife .
