  i would really prefer straight bars . 
  also , i do n't like the idea of disk brakes . 
  they work a bit better , sure , but are not nearly as reliable because of their complexity ... 
  if something goes wrong , you ca n't use them . 
  if i was in a weird situation , i could probably improvise something with rim brakes, 
  that 's a nice bike !, 
  i agree , it could work ... 
  but i also know that the design of the frame differs when designing a drop-bar bike to when you 're designing a straight bar bike . 
  fitting straight bars to an lht or simmilar might work completely adequately , but i 'm not really prepared to `` make compromises '' on the first part of my bike that i will buy . 
  so it has to be designed with straight bars in mind . 
  i 'm sorry , i 'm weird ... 
  a well respected manufacturer with a rohloff ger for a reasonable price ... 
  but do look at thorn and a few other manufacturers tho ... 
  i 'm buying a frame only at this point , but thank you for the link !, 
  i 've been looking at some custom builders and i love the idea of the bike `` fitting like a glove '', 
  the price for the woodrup frame is also reasonable ... do you have any personal experience with them ? 
  if i decide not to go the velotraum route and start looking at costum framebuilders ... how does woodrup compare to places like rourke , roberts ? 
  i 've just finnished my first tour a few weeks ago . 
  i did it on a second hand bike i bought online for 150 eur , but i spent a few times that on equipment ( everything from panniers , tent , tires , brooks saddle to tubus front and rear racks ) . 
  i will use the parts from this bike ( about 10 years old xt groupset ) to start my next tour ( i start in spring 2013 ) if i do n't manage to replace everything by then . 
  but i think i willmanage by then . 
  the pricerange i 'm looking at is 1000eur for fork + frame ( i 'll hapilly take a nice wheelset if the budget will allow and i decide on a thorn or velotraum ( both are about 700eur for fork + frame , made in taiwan ), 
  oh , and i really prefer straight bars . 
  it 's practically impossible to find a straight-bar tourer at any of the uk framebuilders . 
  i know the whole custom bit takes care of that , but from what i 've been looking at , a fully custom frames start at about 1000eur . 
  thank you for all your input !, 
  it 's really appretiated !, 
  i 'm from slovenia , so i wo n't count on you to find any local listings ...  there are none . 
  ( but thank you for the offer ! ), 
  and at first i really was looking at ready-built bicycles ( not the lht , despite it 's incredible popularity ... really looking for a frame that was made with straight bars in mind ) but my dad 's friend has a velotraum and i fell in love with the frame , the quality and the costumer service they offer . 
  so that 's how i decided to go frame-hunting !, 
  i 'll never have my dream bicycle if i wait untill i have enough money to buy one . 
  but if i just buy the frame , i 'll be well on my way to my dream bike !, 
  i 'll replace anything that brakes when it brakes , or upgrade when i have the means . 
  i kind of feel the frame is the `` soul '' of the bicycle ... 
  i 'll love it the same even if the groupset is not brand new !, 
  it might not be the most rational decision ever . 
  i do n't think buying a custom frame never really is rational ... 
  but knowing it 's designed for you down to the last millimeter and tube angle ... not really priceless but close, 
  i have n't thought about 29 '' wheels for touring ... 
  i 'd spend a lot of time on the road and tire selection for that is not very good ... and it 's really hard to get a 29 '' rim in weird parts of the world ... 
  but it 's almost the same as the troll ... why did you recommend the ogre over the troll ? 
  i 've totally skipped the option of 29 '' wheels ... 
  i 've been looking at the travelmaster in the past but i kind of forgot about it lately !, 
  thank you !, 
  also , if you do happen to go thorugh slovenia , msg me !, 
  i 'm on warmshowers and couchsurfing and am really happy to host touring cyclists !, 
  if you 're worried about getting caught , asking is the best way to go . 
  but thinking back on my tour of spain and portugal , some of the very best memories i have are from stelath camping in the vineyards , olive plantations and so on . 
  for me personally it 's really liberating !, 
  the `` taking care of myself '' part does give something special to the whole experience . 
  do send me a msg !, 
  i may join you for a ride or at least cook you some pasta , 
  i 'll loose my job in a month with not much hope of finding another one that could support me . 
  i could stay here , protest , watch the news and loose my mind over our criminal politicians ... 
  but i will go . 
  just go . 
  i plan on combining bicycle touring with couchsurfing , warmshowers and most importantly , wwoofing . 
  the rough plan is to work on organic farms for one half of the month , and ride the other half . 
  when you volunteer at a farm the food and shelter is free , so i 'll only have to supoport myself for 2 weeks per month . 
  that is way more doable and considering the alternative of staying here ... 
  i 'm gone !, 
  muc-muc in slovenian, 
  he only realized he messed up after the second punch ? 
  wet toilet paper . 
  discard in the toilet, 
  i 'm kind of ashamed to admit it ... but i do n't actually flush the toilet . 
  it just waits for the next time i actually have to flush it after some serious use, 
  this is roughly the route i took, 
  if you have any questions about cycling in spain , let me know !, 
  i 'm really happy you like it !, 
  i really wish i had a better camera , i only had my samsung galaxy s2 with me ... 
  here are a few pics, 
  i used every square inch of them actually !, 
  i had the smaller panniers on the back rack and the big ones in the front ( like ortlieb recommends , and they 're right ! ) . 
  in the back i had my camping gear and the bulk of my rain gear , so that leaves all the clothes , most of the tools and maintenance material , all the food and cooking equipment plus an odd souvenier or present ( one of which was quite big ) . 
  i think i was extremely lucky with this setup ... 
  somehow i 've managed to buy a bike with a really good geometry for touring ... for 150 eur , used , over an online auction site , having never ridden it !, 
  it was absolutely stable at all speeds ( my top speed was 59km/h ... which is alot since i 'm not the adrenaline type at all and have no reservations hitting the brakes even if i feel only slightly uncomfortable ... at almost 60km/h i was still smiling and feeling absolutely safe ! ), 
  oh , i also had my `` civilian clothes '' with me ... a pair of jeans , a few t-shirts , a normal jacket and so on . 
  and this alone took about a half of a pannier !, 
  that said , it was my first tour , on my first bicycle ( which was bought about a month before the start of the tour ) , with no experience at all . 
  i will definitely think long and hard about what i can afford to leave at home and i have no doubt many things will be gone on my next tour !, 
  hehe thank you !, 
  well ... spain is not flat !, 
  it 's all ups and downs ( i was actually surprised . . on one hand with how much all these little hills add up and , on the other , how drastic an effect 30kg of gear has ) , but i actually prefer this kind of scenery to a flat one . 
  you get little gems in terms of views all the time and the non-flat earth also helps with the stealth part in stealth camping !, 
  before i answer how long it took me , i 'll prepare my defense . 
  i 'm not a sporty guy at all , spend my life behind a computer . 
  i tried running when i missed a bus once in '97 but learnt my lession : just do n't ) . 
  my mission was not to brake any records , to compete with anyone , even myself ... 
  i just really needed some time and distance from my life and bought plane tickets at 4am one night ... drunk . 
  then i bought my first bicycle and some of the gear ( i borrowed the rest ) . 
  and , to no surprise to anyone who knows me , ended up not training for the tour at all !, 
  ( i did start riding my bike to work tho ) ... 
  and now the answer ... 
  it took me a month !, 
  but i did plan it this way , my arriving and leaving dates were set because of the plane tickes . 
  i also stopped whenever i felt like it , stayed in barcelona and lisboa for a few days and extended my stay with a few couchsurfers i really liked in cities along the way . 
  ( i 'm also a smoker and morocco is not far ... the quality and the price dictated a very non-performance oriented state of mind 90 % of the trip  ),
