  i have never heard anything about him being a materialist ... 
  this is actually not that new ... [ diy plans for a tweeter ] ( http://www.plasmatweeter.de/eng_plasma.htm#theorie ), 
  in theory , it 's the perfect tweeter , because it has no mass ( for higher frequencies mass is really bad . . slows down the response time ), 
  but it does produce ozone ... 
  i once saw it three times in one day , by accident . 
  i had three different groups of friends come over ... 
  watched it with the first group , then expained how fucking awesome the movie is to the second ( who made me put it on again ... ) , same for the third group . 
  i actually stood in the bathroom , thinking of shaving off my eyebrows . 
  [ happens in florida ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rh5ymhmg07e ), 
  for anyone on the short end of a one-sided love . 
  thank you ( it was a big lebowski reference , was n't it ? ), 
  i lol 'd, 
  as a slovenian ... 
  wtf ? 
  by far the best documentary about gypsies i 've ever seen :, 
  yes . 
  oh god yes . 
  i 'll just leave this here ... 
  i 've been there too . 
  and my advice is to really think about if you want that . 
  i had a dog who was my best friend . 
  of course being ther or not was not a question . 
  and i 'm glad i was . 
  but there was a point when he was so full of chemical to calm him down he did n't really know where he was or who was with him . 
  i should have walked aways right there and then . 
  but i wanted to hold him until it was over , thinking it would make some sort of a difference to him ( i do n't think it did ... he was on drugs after all ) . 
  but i stayed , held him , watched the chemicals go in ... and then the wordst fear i 've ever seen in his eyes . 
  he knew he was dying . 
  i think he knew i was there . 
  and for some reason i have this image in my mind of him knowing someone is killing him and smelling me arround him . 
  i think his last thought was i was killing him . 
  he also attacked and bit me ( not hard ) , but it was all in a panic . 
  all i 'm saying is ... this decision is not as black and white as some people are portraying it to be . 
  also . 
  i 'm really sorry . 
  i know how it feels . 
  upvote for slovenian !, 
  it is a big country , but not many people have to drive cross-country everyday :p, 
  in slovenia at least , it 's is not unusual to drive 130 + km one way to get to work . 
  i know ... 
  i was just saying that driving long distances to work is not just for the americans ... and that the argument that they drive more than europeans does n't make up for the fact that gas here is waaaay more expensive, 
  wow ... that 's looking at the big picture right there !, 
  but the thing is ... this is not a purely american phenomenon . 
  it 's even more depressing in the case of slovenia imho ... 
  there is only 2 million of us , you 'd think we could get ourselves to run a little country ... but there is as much passivity and melancholy as anywhere . 
  and back to the point ... in the case of people drivig 130 + km , trains are not really an option too ( it takes almost 3 hours ... our trains suck ), 
  also ... 
  i think your grammar is pretty good !, 
  i want to smoke with this guy ... 
  altho real-time compression would be possible , i think you 're looking for real-time normalization ... wich is not . 
  i knew it is n't , but i just hoped this is the cat from here :, 
  it is n't . 
  what would be the best way to `` make '' a 36v 40ah battery pack ? 
  is lifepo4 woth the extra cost ? 
  dude ... you have no idea how much of a surprise this is !, 
  i 've lit up after work , been browsing for two hours now , and i still did n't notice the huge fucking number next to my username !, 
  and then ... :d, 
  i 've gotten a few thank you notes by couchsurfers , but this is by far the coolest gift i 've ever recieved period !, 
  you fucking gave me karma !, 
  hosting you was great fun !, 
  i knew it was gon na be , an ent hitch-hiking through europe , writing a book about it all ... eh fuck it ... 
  i 'll msg you privately about how great it was ... 
  i 'd just like to use this oppertunity to say to all the vast entland that is trees ... 
  we should meet each other , if we get the chance !, 
  odds are very good that some serious smoking will take place , exchange of awesome stories , realizing how much more you have in common on the grounds that he 's an ent and you 're an ent , even if you come from two different cultures , than you have with majority of your sorroundings !, 
  oh and ... 
  if any of you guys host on couchsurfing and are from europe , invite acidworm over !, 
  you see how cool the guy is !, 
  dude ... ca n't stop laughing !, 
  :d i actually work at a radio station , so thank you sooo much for doing this !, 
  sorry ... tired and stoned ... what could backfire ? 
  please do n't do this !, 
  this is actually the only slovenian company that succeeded anywhere ... ( besides pipistrel ) . 
  as a slovenian , i 'm really proud of thise guys achievements ... , 
  blind melon - no rain, 
  the eels , mr. e 's beautiful blues, 
  i 'd really ... really appretiate an invite ... 
  i 'd be the first of my friends !, 
  it 's not facebook !, 
  i found out about rob through marion and geoff ... 
  this is the best piece of british comedy since mp !, 
  as all good comedy ... it 's tragic , it 's beautiful , it 's hillarious !, 
  i forgot where it was but ... 
  did anybody catch \u017di\u017eek giving a compliment to assange about not being an idiot ? 
  got ta love \u017di\u017eek !, 
  i 'll just leave this here ... 
  ( also , i 'm slovenian and got really excited to see a slovenian ass in such fine company of asses on r/ass ), 
  i love folding bikes ... but combined with an electric motor ( i may be lazy ... but it 's not like it 's a segway ... ), 
  and you can carry it anywhere !, 
  i would get so much sex if only i had this bike ... 
  yes !, 
  where and when ? 
  this is nothing new actually ... 
  plasma tweeters have existed for quite a while now . 
  the only problem is they produce ozone , so it 's not really healthy to be in the same room as the speakers ... 
  here 's a diy plan if anyone is interested ... 
  from what i 've heard ( and i 've heard plenty ) the benefit of a plasma or ion tweeter does n't justify the added complexity of it . 
  not even audiophiles use it , if it tells you anything !, 
  it 's just mental masturbation more or less ... the idea of a truly weightless membrane make the ideal tweeter ( fastest resposne etc. . . ) but it 's incredibly hard to get it working properly . 
  crossovers have to be ridiculously well tuned and to get any real power out of them an incredibly well designed horn is reccomended ...
