  upvote for toni !, 
  did n't think anybody remembered him !, 
  hm ... you 're right . 
  i did n't think it through well enoguh , just started typing ( a bit drunk at the moment ... ) . 
  anyways . 
  what lives were saved with 9/11 ? 
  probably none . 
  more were actually lost , like i said ( on the muslim side ) . 
  but the point i was trying to make was that the terrorists thought they were fighting for their people . 
  and they sure had a reason to fight , actually !, 
  i think they did it to end the mistreatment of their people ( and failed ) . 
  london tube bombings ? 
  same thing . 
  i do n't think any terrorist action happens without the second side of the coin where they are justified . 
  and the embassy bombings ? 
  you mean the ones over a cartoon ? 
  protecting your people and your god or any combination makes it completely understandable . 
  the point is . 
  none of the attacks were there to actually kill civilians . 
  they did , but that was n't the main objective . 
  i do n't think the terrorists give a fuck about who dies . 
  what they want is publicity , something to show us they 're not completely helpless . 
  something to bring a little light to their situation . 
  anyways , we killed waaaaaay more civilians and detonated waaaay more bombs and ruined waaay more lives than any terrorist cell . 
  not even if you combine them all . 
  `` our '' people are always worth more than `` their '' people . 
  wichever side you 're on . 
  and just taking the terrorism as a force of evil is incredibly ignorant . 
  did i make myself a bit more clear ? 
  oh , and i thought you were saying that terrorists have an objective to kill civilians . 
  i added the `` hate american freedom '' part , but it makes sense to me that if you ca n't find an explanation for the actions of the terrorists , that you bought into the whole `` evil '' thing . 
  if aliens were looking down on earth , the west is the evil one , and the rest of the world a victim . 
  they would laugh if they heard we took their attack for an excuse to fuck them up even more , and justify our action with 3000 lives lost on our side . 
  i know what you 're saying ... 
  i 'm in a middle of a slow de-cluttering process myself ( it 's actually way easier than i thought ) . 
  here is my take on it :, 
  i always wanted a smart phone , i just really really dislike apple . 
  so it was quite a wait until i actually got one !, 
  until then i used the simples [ nokia ] ( http://www.letsgodigital.org/images/artikelen/109/nokia_2690.jpg ) i could find ... 
  so my first smart phone is the samsung galaxy s2 ( and i love it ! ) . 
  now i bought the phone before thinking about frugality and i do n't think i would buy it after the decision to simplify . 
  and now when i calculate my expenses , the mobile phone plan is the most expensive !, 
  that does n't seem right ... 
  but when i gave it some serious thought ( to get rid of it or not ) , i realised it offers so much functionality for me ( google calendar , budgeting software , camera , gps ... ) that the only `` luxury '' possesions i `` need '' are a desktop computer and this mobile phone . 
  and i 'd just like to comment on your statement about being afraid you will damage it . 
  i think taking good-enough care for things you own is in the heart of frugality and minimalism . 
  you just develop a deeper relationship with the posession because you actually thought about taking care of it and chose to do everything reasonable to protect and maintain it . 
  just buy a really good case for it and you 're safe ... 
  oh about the distraction thing ... 
  this is actually the question you should be asking yourself . 
  if you do n't pay attention at classes because of it , then you should get rid of it . 
  the investment is costing you more than it 's giving you . 
  so we 're 67 planets away from heaven , and there are 35 more levels of heaven to go through before we reach a state of constant but non-tiring orgasm ? 
  if comps came to your house and searched your computer , you would have no physical cd of the music you have . 
  you did n't pay for it . 
  i 'm sorry , but you 're not smarter than everyone else who does n't do it the way you do . 
  tv and radio are not the same thing as a streaming radio . 
  the main difference being , broadcast stations have to pay to stream the music and nobody really checks streaming radio ( the vast majority anyway ) , so that 's why they get away with it . 
  but what they 're doing is illegal and you recording it still puts you in a position where you are guilty of piracy . 
  so the end result :, 
  - you 're just as guilty as someone downloading a torrent ( but not as guilty as someone seeding the torrent ), 
  - you have to tag all your music , wich is a pain in the ass ( i do n't know where you find the time ), 
  but the upside is ... you can be certain that your music library is in the top 1 % in the world as far as shitty quality is concerned . 
  but hey , if you feel you 're less of a pirate because you record what other people have pirated ... 
  as complicated as it is , copyright law is really simple . 
  they want to get your money if you listen to their stuff . 
  if you want to listen , you have to pay . 
  and you do n't . 
  ( i 'm a pirate and do n't feel a bit bad about it . 
  if i really like an artist , i buy the cd . 
  i would never buy all the shit i have on my drive , so the record companies do n't loose any money on me at all . 
  but i find amazing artists by downloading mp3s and buy their album . 
  i would n't buy the thing if i only ever listened to mtv or fucking pop hit radio . ), 
  yeah ... 
  i 'm a sound engineer , so i may be a bit subjective on that point , 
  sorry if i came off as attacking you , i was a bit drunk yesterday . 
  but the bottom line is you 're not paying for the music you listen to . 
  nobody is actually ( streaming radio stations do n't usually pay royalty , i do n't know of a single one that does ) . 
  i have n't read the audio home recording act , but in europe , artists are entiteled to compensation for the use of their music . 
  if they do n't get compensated , they can sue . 
  and fair compensation means the station pays for the broadcast and the artists know their work might get coppied . 
  if you only listen to legal ones , they usually have tos that forbid you to record ( streaming radio stations ) . 
  mostly . 
  and there is also the issue of you recording it to your computer . 
  if you only had it on a ipod , you 'd be right very few times ( where the legal streaming station does n't forbid you to record ) . 
  so mostly , unfortunately , you 're pirating . 
  ( unfortunately for you ... 
  i 'm actually happy because i hate what the recording industry has become ) . 
  and you make your pirating 100x more complicated , time consuming and quality reducing . 
  also , torrents are not illegal to download . 
  all of the people who paid vast ammounts in fines did so not because they were downloading , but because they were sharing what they downloaded . 
  i had to choose carefully wich porn pic i would click on . 
  had to make sure i like it enough to `` use '' it . 
  ca n't waste those impulses !, 
  hahaha ... americans !, 
  ( it 's very common to have mayo with hot dogs here ... actually , a mix of ketchup and mayo is best ), 
  exactly ... 
  i live in maribor , slovenia ( literally a few meters from the vine ), 
  i 'm really sorry , i have no idea if the wine is great quality ... but presidents and such do get a bottle as presents ... 
  and yeah !,
