  there probably is a sleeping pad that would last ... 
  it 's just not suitable for a bicycle tour , really . 
  but yeah , talk about bombproof , hehe !, 
  unfortunately , i 'm from a small european country so no access to rei shops and there are very few people who sell used stuff i would want on the second had market . 
  could you explain a bit more about most new sleeping bags `` mating '' ? 
  i thought i have seen very few and they usually stand out because of the rectangular shape , not the more common mummy shape . 
  but two sleeping bags together is not really what i 'm after . 
  a blanket offers the ability to regulate your heat , stick a leg out or something if it 's too hot . . no such option in a sleeping bag ... and of course the cuddling in the evenings !, 
  full access under a blanket , no access in a sleeping bag . 
  i also realize that a blanket will not perform as well in cold weather , too much ventilation going on , so we also need something like a sleeping bag . 
  and that brings me to the exped dreamwalker . 
  this is the video that sold me completely :, 
  i 'm amazed how simple a solution can offer so much more functionality !, 
  but , if course , they are not 90 $ . 
  the cheapest version is over 200 eur , so if i bought two , over 400 eur and that means one month of touring for the two of us !, 
  just for the bags !, 
  the only option is to go diy . 
  i have n't touched a sowing machine in my life but am really lucky to have access to someone who is really good at it . 
  she is more used to sowing corsets where tolerances are much , much smaller than a rectangular blanket with a zipper and a loop at the feet . 
  so i 'm not really worried about the quality of the sowing . 
  and thank you for your input on primaloft !, 
  what would you say is the best syn insulation ? 
  i will be buying all the fabrics and everything else from extremtextil.de and they have a choice of down , primaloft and climashield . 
  would climashield work better ? 
  oh , i thought so ... 
  i got confused because i thought only the only school rectangular sleeping bags have the functionality of allowing to connect two together , not mummy types , which is the most common type . 
  i 'm very new to all this and just like to check if i `` get '' all the new information . . 
  what 's your budget/requirements for the tent ? 
  it really depends on where you are . 
  if it 's a big touristy place in peak season , people might frown upon stealh camping . 
  otherwise , in my experience , they do n't care . 
  the more you do it , the more experience you will have and you will be better at `` reading '' potential camp spots . 
  what i always do when i find a spot is just ... sit there for a while . 
  maybe even cook something . 
  give yourself time to notice your surroundings and then decide if it 's good enough . 
  about sleeping in cities ... 
  if couchsurfing is n't an option ... and you hve to crash somewhere outside ... go above the ground . 
  climb a roof of a garage , a balcony , anything really . 
  just go up . 
  i 've spent about a week in the north , but mostly west of logrono . 
  the scenery is amazing , riding mostly easy and loads of places to wildcamp . 
  my only advice would be to stay the fuck away from the camino de santiago . 
  everything is more expensive , crowded and to top it off , people look at you a bit funny if you 're on a bike . 
  the pilgrims apparently think you 're a fake beacuse you 're cycling and not walking the camino . 
  and when i explained them that i 'm on my own journey , not headed to santiago , they were even more offended for some fucking reason !, 
  so i turned south pretty fast . 
  but otherwise north of spain was the best part of my spannish tour !, 
  sure !, 
  your experience may be completely different ... 
  even if you are on a bike , still try it . 
  you may get lucky and meet some amazing people !, 
  but it did get a bit commercial after that movie aboit the camino came out , so it could be quite crowded . 
  have fun on your tour and drink a beer for me in logrono !, 
  ( my favorite town by far ... 
  brilliant nightlife with students , great wine ( la roja is fameous for its wine ) and live music !, 
  i stayed there for two night because it was so cool !, 
  i 'm a bit overwhelmed ... 
  but yeah . 
  i 'll delete the post . 
  very well put . 
  i wanted to write a lengthy reply but you covered all the bases more eloquently that i would have . 
  you have a stiff link . 
  not really that big of a deal . 
  and you figured it out all yourself . 
  the stiff link is causing the clicking . 
  search youtube for `` fix stiff chain link '' . 
  it will be better explained , with moving pictures and sound , than i can through text . 
  * edit, 
  here you go :, 
  the xl has a bigger battery and a better camera . 
  my girlfriend has the xl and i have the 1520 . 
  the display is better but for the price difference we paid , the xl wins hands down . 
  i 'm from ljubljana . 
  had 2 bikes stolen , locked properly with a u-lock , through the frame to the bike rack . 
  even among locals , ljubljana is n't considered safe !, 
  i have no idea what you 're on about ... 
  wow ... you can consider yourself very lucky , what can i say . 
  i do n't think i even know many people who had n't had their bike stolen . 
  i 'm from fu\u017eine so many good , properly locked bikes get stolen there ... but i ca n't count how many times people i know got their cheap , rog or even pony bike stolen , locked ... in the center of the city . 
  i ca n't even imagine leaving any bike unlocked at bavarski dvor . 
  the only way i can rationalize your luck is by imagining that bavarski dvor is an extremely busy area and seeing an unlocked bike there everybody maybe just assumed you 're a few meters away or will be back in seconds . 
  maybe you just stopped and stepped of the bike to talk to a friend at the bus station or something , and you 'd be right there if they tried to take it . 
  still , that is a bold strategy and i would n't count on it completely . 
  even the `` i 'll have a bike so shitty nobody will want it '' strategy does n't work , i had a complete junker stolen near metelkova . 
  but maybe it was just a random drunk guy trying to get home . 
  anyway , i since learned how to park my bike i have n't had any stolen . 
  it 's really simple , actually ... 
  i never leave any nice bike anywhere , locked or unlocked ... and i have a reasonably good `` commuter '' that does n't really seem worth as much as it actually is ... 
  i leave it at a bike rack with many bikes that would be a better target for a professional thief ( flashy , known respected , mass manufactured brand that would be easy to sell . 
  mine is a steel velotraum , extremely rare in slovenia and hard to sell even with the papers ) . 
  and i lock my bike better than the nice ones are locked ( abus brodo arround the seat tube so that it goes through the rear triangle and the rear wheel , lock it to a bike rack + a cable lock for my seat and through the front wheel ) . 
  it could only be taken in a few minutes by someone with and angle grinder and a big set of cable clippers . 
  not many thieves carry both . 
  all the other bikes are easy pickings and easy money with the sell compared to mine . 
  oh they can be much prettier than this !!, 
  i love this one :, 
  would love to make one !!, 
  i have a simmilar light and it goes to low power mode when the battery is low on power . 
  if your area is very hot this could also be a reason ... overheating . 
  otherwise you should send it back .
