  but nevermind , go read some specialized catalogues and drool over some chinese mass produced carbon that will make you oh so special on that sunday ride with friends ... 
  i 'm coming from a bicycle touring point of view ... 
  imagine your frame cracked in the middle of uzbekistan . 
  what would you rather have . 
  a steel frame ? 
  or a carbon frame ? 
  which one would be easier to repair in that surroundings ? 
  well , what my point was all along ... steel has its uses and is far from being obsolete . 
  it may not be bikeporn material for the folks counting grams , but in many ways it is supperiour to other options . 
  if you take it to the extreme and try to make a stainless steel bike as light as a titanium one , yeah , you 'll have a whole new set of problems ... 
  but for me , personally , the only truly bikeporn material is a complete made to measure steel frame made by one of the greats with exactly the type of riding the client wants ( for me , randonneuring and touring ) . 
  i completely understand why top pros only ride carbon . 
  it makes sense . 
  but for the vast majority of the people out there ... it would be more benificial for them to loose a kg of fat and not frame weight , 
  anyway , the colnago is a beautiful bike , a conversation starter and a special piece to have and to cherish . 
  despite the chosen material . 
  do n't you think it would be easier to find someone who could weld a steel frame in uganda or anywhere in the 3rd world than find someone with the know-how and eqipment to repair a broken carbon frame ? 
  we 're really just comming from completely different starting points . 
  when i think about quality frames i think about indestructibility and ease of repair when touring faaaaar away from any bicycle shop that has ever heard of 700cc tubes . 
  i 'm really only interested in bicycle touring . 
  many people are . 
  many people do n't give a damn if a frame is 0,4 kg heavier . 
  many people dream of going on tour around the world ( fewer people do , but few people actually make use of the 0,02 kg lighter carbon frames as well ) . 
  that 's the whole attraction to a bicycle for me . 
  the freedom it provides . 
  i may be strange if i would prefer the surly lht frame to one of specialized 's top of the line carbon ones ... but i assure you , i 'm not as strange as you imagine and many , many people feel the same as i do . 
  but the point i was making before everybody started protesting about the nonexistent drawbacks of carbon is that steel definatelly still has it 's place . 
  and to more than a handful of crazies it is still the prefered material for bikeporn . 
  even if i were buying a racing frame , i 'd still buy steel , probably from this guy :, 
  you can see the passion people still have for steel . 
  and they are not as few as you think , they just do n't frequent the most popular weight weenie forums, 
  like everywhere there are niches in cycling too . 
  weight weenies are a niche , touring cyclists are a niche , proper racers ( who can actually justify spending the extra 5keur for a ( imho ) marginal saving in weight ) are a niche ... 
  you also have the mainstream ( where most of r/bicycling is ) where people look up to , mostly , peleton racers and `` state of the art '' that they use . 
  you can see people riding racing road bikes even if they never participate in a race . 
  as custom framebuilders can tell you , many people come to the shop asking for a `` racing '' bike and after a few minutes of talking about their actual riding style , it turns out they actually want a `` sportif '' bike . 
  i completely understand why everybody riding the tour is on a carbon bike . 
  i also understand why manufacturers sponsor them . 
  people want the best and they think that the best ( for them ) will be what 's best for cancellara riding in the tour . 
  but it rarely is . 
  just the same as a proper race car is almost unusable as an everyday car . 
  i 'm sure there are many high-end artisan builders that are better than specialized , but i do n't know them . 
  i 'm just not excited about carbon at all . 
  my dream bicycle has 30kg of gear strapped to it . 
  the fact still remains . 
  steel has a different feel to carbon and alu ( and titanium ) . 
  is it better ? 
  it 's different . 
  many would agree that the flex a steel frame provides is very comfortable and any loss in efficiency is negligible compared to increased comfort . 
  it is also less prone to damage . 
  i would never strap a carbon bicycle to a bus in india and not worry people will damage it . 
  but give me a proper touring bicycle ( almost all are steel ) , a rohloff and i 'll be almost worry-free . 
  i will also know that in the event the frame breaks , there will likely be someone with a tig welder nearby that will be able to repair it , or at least make it ridable again . 
  this is also the reason most bicycle tourers use 26 inch wheels . 
  they are just easier to get in the second and third world . 
  practicality . 
  but when you draw the line , i really do n't care . 
  as long as people have fun riding their bikes , i 'm all for it !, 
  i rarely engage in `` arguments '' such as this online , but you treat me with respect and make points that make sense , that is why i 'm replying . 
  i 'm a fellow cyclist with a slightly different point of view and probably very different sets of needs that a bicycle must fulfill . 
  i just got a bit frustrated when i read comments like `` the last time a steel bicycle won the tour was so many years ago '' as if it relevant to the vast majority of r/bicycling . 
  very few of us actually race , even less of us on a pro level where fragments of a second count . 
  i still think most people gain absolutely nothing by getting a carbon bike , except the `` image '' it gives . 
  buy hey , it 's their money and if having the latest and the best will make them ride their bike a bit more frequently , hell yeah !, 
  p.s : i checked crumpton out . 
  god damn . 
  they are sexy !, 
  hehehe , i 'll do my best ... but time really seems to be running out . 
  the downside of artisan builders , when they 're gone ... the magic goes with them, 
  dogs . 
  some of them really seem to have a thing for bicycles ( but most stop if you step off the bike ... and charge as soon as you 're back on it ) . 
  other than that , you 're really not in any more danger than at any other point in your life . 
  but really , people tend to think you 're probably pretty street-smart if you 're bicycle touring ( or at least have less fear than an average person ) so i do n't think you 'd be a prime target , really . 
  if you put so much effort into preparation , go for it !, 
  will unexpected setback accur ? 
  hell yes !, 
  will they make the best stories and memories when you get back ? 
  absolutely !, 
  i was thinking about more the `` touring '' part of cycling . 
  dangerous traffic is a part of cycling . 
  i understood that the op was asking about the dangers of touring specifically ... 
  that 's all the reasons i want to exit the rat-race . 
  i 'm also a part of the `` fucked '' generation in the eu , i 've been a part of the precariat class for 10 years now with no hope of ever `` reaching '' proletariat , so ... no thank you ... 
  a fulfilled , or even `` examined '' life is my goal . 
  and since i do n't think i 'll ever have children , acquiring any more wealth than i need seems counter-productive, 
  that is my major concern . 
  replacing one `` ideology '' for another ( is ideology even the correct term here ? ), 
  i know consumerism is leaving me empty and in need/want , but on the other hand the `` quick-feel-better '' of the majority of the `` eco '' industry disgusts me . 
  my goal would be functionality , voluntary simplicity , security in sustainability ... that may mean organic farming , solar panels and so on ... but not for the reasons people buy prius-es, 
  i do n't know enough to be arogant about my knoledge and this is mostly my guidance . 
  do n't take yourself too seriously . 
  but i feel researching common delusions of my society would allow me to be at least aware of it 's pitfalls and avoid them in the best case scenario . 
  there is no other reason , really . 
  i have no ambition whatsoever to try to convince anyone what their lives should look like so that they will be `` living the correct way '', 
  and thank you for the link !, 
  hehehe i agree with you completely !, 
  i just hope i 'm enough over the bell-curve to be able to rationally examine my ideas no matter how `` natural '' and `` right '' they seem , so that i wo n't fall into the most common mistakes people make ... 
  counting in the fact that i too will be very , very wrong ... 
  but at least they would be my mistakes , not the ones i would make if i were to fallow the crowd . 
  well , i 'm sure it can be done .
