  a single cannon ball was launched , and the errant knight was literally caught with his pants down . 
  oh come on ... slovenia is not that bad . 
  if i could afford it ... clei furniture from italy do some amazing work !, 
  what is better than winnin at the special olympics ? 
  icecream !, 
  i also find it very soothing . 
  i 've used it quite a few times to turn my brain off before sleep . 
  and now i 'm a stone wall building master !, 
  the most disturbing part of this video is the lack of blinking . 
  this is my gift to you ... 
  take a few dried plums , wrap them in one slice of pancetta each , secure with a toothpic . 
  pan fry till the pancetta is nice and crispy , wait exactly 2 minutes to cool ... and taste the awesomness of first the salty delicious pancetta hitting you in the face ... and then the sweet warm plum comes into the foreground and surprises you with the new texture . 
  seriously . 
  it 's incredible . 
  i do n't know why i would have to wait until i can afford the very best out there . 
  the tattoo will be simple enough , but still i would want someone with some talent and years of experience to do mine . 
  i 'm not going cheap . 
  i 'll gladly pay for talent and experience , just not a rock-star name . 
  and i also follow a different philosophy about the contents of tattoos . 
  i may find the aesthetics of a tattoo boring in a while , but for me the meaning behind the tattoo is the point . 
  i 'm not looking for a fashion accessory , but something that will bring back memories , whatever they may be . 
  so ... any suggestions on tattoo studios in lisbon ? 
  that 's so sexy it 's almost painful . 
  damn . 
  i apparently failed miserably when posting this . 
  this is the rough [ route ] ( http://goo.gl/maps/eitf ), 
  oh , there are thousands of amazing scenic routes i could take in spain !, 
  but i knind of already bought the tickets from venice to barcelona and one month after that from lisbon to venice . 
  also , the camino should n't be traveled on a bicycle , i think ... , 
  i 'm not in good shape so a coastal route is ... a bit easier . 
  how is the weather in october ? 
  i start my trip on 6th of october in barcelona , and finnish it on 6th of november in lisbon ... 
  hm ... how cold is cold ? 
  long-sleves cold or a sweater cold ? 
  i 'll be biking for a month , can the weather really change that much ? 
  from hot to cold ? 
  thank you !, 
  i 'm using google maps and at the moment i 'm kind of worried because i do n't really se that many bicycle friendly ( not a highway ) roads ... 
  do you think i can ride from barcelona to lisbon , along the coast and not on the highways ? 
  if you plan smart enough , you do n't actually need propane . 
  this is my dream house ( it is not your average tinyhouse , it 's not on a trailor , but anyway ... ) , based on the earthship design . 
  the walls cover only 3 sides of the building . 
  the south facing side is all glass . 
  infront of the south glass wall , attached to the building , is a greehouse . 
  this has many incredible advantages . 
  it is a `` buffer zone '' for heat in the summer and winter , if you do it really smart it even act as a natural ventilation system !!!, 
  ( powered by convection only ) . 
  oh , and being a greehouse , it also provides you with the healthiest food you can eat . 
  the food production system is aquaponic , more precisely floating raft aquaponics system , because you have a huge ammount of water in the system , the whole building benefits beccause of the thermal mass it provides . 
  it is also by far the least water-using system to grow your food and the most productive ( you get loads of vegetables and a fish or two per week ( aquaponics is amazing ... google is your firend ) . 
  the roof is actually not covered in pv panes but is used for gathering rain water . 
  but there is a strip if pv panels facing south . 
  in the summer you can use an induction hob for cooking . 
  you get alot of electricity in the summer , and induction hobs do n't heat anything but the pot , so you get less heat in the house . 
  and in the winter ... well , this is the one compromise you actually have to do , having a wood burning stove . 
  but cooking on a wood burning stove is actually quite romantic for me . 
  and of course , because of the huge waste of heat that wood burning stoves have ( it 's not concentrated on the pot ) it will also heat the house . 
  for the water , solar water heaters work even in the winter !, 
  most people opt for the `` emergency '' propane heater for the few days the system is n't coping with the demand , but on the other hand , if you plan your usage properly , i do n't think you need it ( unless you 're haveing lots of guests over ) . 
  we have so much knowledge about how our sorroundings work . 
  one of the very few things that do n't change in our world is the position of the sun . 
  i really do n't understand what the suns path is not always the nuber one thing to consider when building anything !, 
  i just wrote a very extensive respose and thankfully proof-read it before i hit save . 
  thank god . 
  i actually do n't have anything original to contribute , but i am also very interested in the different perspectives of looking at cannabis and it 's effects ... 
  i almost feel like we would also need a sociologist and a psychologist to chime in about the `` identity '' of marijuana users and their role in society . 
  and the irony of how the most `` boxed '' thing in the moment is `` thinking outide the box '' . 
  everybody does it but noone does . 
  well that sure contributes to the discussion . 
  downvoting a post and commenting in two words . 
  i 'm not exactly sure , but i think you have missed the point of the post completely . 
  or you think nobody ever has a moment like that ? 
  you actually do n't think that the question : `` what does the fact that we can loose focus for a moment and not just slip . 
  but actually feel the exact oposite way we do when we 're in our `` conscious state '' ... say about us ? '', 
  is important ? 
  i 've always felt like i was tricked into materialism . 
  raised into it . 
  it was an ideology all my sorroundings supported . 
  but than through conscious thought and analysis of my value system , i came to believe i can see through the layers of ideology and find what is important for me . 
  turns out , it is still a part of me , and on a deeper level than i 'd like to admit . 
  but i think the source of my words was somewhere else , not the lizard brain , wich is programmed to simply always want more . 
  what suprised me that i actually felt like having too much was part of the fun !, 
  it 's kind of hard for me to put it into words , especially in english ... but i really do n't think it 's just the lizard brain . 
  holding back on aquiring things and analizing if it would add any actual value to my life is very rewarding for me . 
  i 'm fulfilling my desire for a meaningful life , and the reward is quite worth it . 
  i 've gotten used to thhe reward i get when deciding i 'm not buying something and have a feeling of dodging a bullet . 
  almost as if i escaped it 's power ( i really wanted a certain car . 
  but now every time i see it on the road i do n't lust after it , i actually feel sorry for the owner who has no idea how much of his life he 's exchanging for the very few miles where being in that particular car will actually make a difference . 
  99 % of the time driving the car , he 'd be just as happy/miserable in a vw golf . ), 
  and then comes the situation on the store , where my value system and mostly my `` reward system '' completely changed . 
  i did n't care about quality ... 
  i only cared about the quantity . 
  having enough so we do n't run out of anything was more important than buying actually just enough of quality food/drinks . 
  in my normal staate , i really feel like there is nothing better than just enough . 
  just enough really is more than too much !, 
  ( this saying sounds so much better in slovene ), 
  and than i got joy out of `` too much '' . 
  and not of a good thing !, 
  i did n't care what we had too much of , as long as there was too much , it gave me some weird joy . 
  and what surprised/scared me was that the joy i felt was much more `` primal '' than the intelectual joy i get from not getting caught in the traps of the consumer lifestyle .
