  why not australia !, 
  do you want a video to go with it ( of me picking the leaf from the vine ) for better bragging rights ? 
  send me a pm with your address ... 
  i 'll pick it up tomorow early morning ... 
  also , do you have any idea what would be the best way to send it ? 
  just lay it flat on some papers and cover it with more paper ? 
  it 's planted in many , many places actually !, 
  i work at the national broadcaster and we have a clone behind the building !, 
  and for a cutting i 'd have to chop off a bigger piece , wich i 'm really not willing to do . 
  it would be considered vandalism . 
  and i do n't want to vandalize the oldest vine in the world ... 
  leaves should n't be a problem at all tho !, 
  yeah ... wich one is in the guinnes book of world records ? 
  you 're lucky you have the option of not doing it . 
  i 'm usually forced , but this is how i cooperate :, 
  upvote for rouxbe !, 
  i 'm not affiliated with them in any way , just a really satisfied costumer !, 
  ( my dad asked me what i wanted for my birthday , i said a yearly subscription to rouxbe . 
  and am i glad i did !, 
  i do n't think i 'd actually pay for it when i stared ... ), 
  oh and another thing ... 
  it was n't always as expensive , but when they bumped up the prices , they sent all their subscribers a mail explaining the price change does n't affect us . 
  they really are super nice , with incredibly fast email replies ( steve ellis is amazing ! ), 
  and top-notch quality video teaching material . 
  ( why do i feel like an apple fanboy now ? 
  i 'm very rarely excited about any company ), 
  this one is my favorite :d, 
  that is cool !, 
  ironically , the room must sound like shit . 
  such a waste of all that amazing gear !, 
  do n't thikn he ever met an acoustics engineer , 
  that 's like having the best , most expensive brushes and colors and canvas and than looking through a bottle bottom when drawing . 
  red compressor, 
  i actually like it !, 
  ( i 'm a sound engineer ), 
  no man with a room like that is nothing less than extremely successful , no doubt and i am jelous of the gear ... 
  but as far as studio porn is concerned ... 
  this is it for me , 
  absolutely !, 
  :d who is n't !, 
  but i could n't work in a room like that , 
  that other guy is n't george massenburg , 
  but yeah , it 's top class trolling on massenburg 's part to design some of the best hardware , record some of the best albusm , have the best room , and than use a fucking pt controller . 
  oh the robbing that could be done with this ... 
  thank you so much !, 
  a beer is is my immediate future , and the first one i get on my table ... will be lifted in honour of miscredditor !, 
  damn this feels awesome !, 
  and thank you for being `` there '' so i can share it with someone !, 
  that 's a great idea !, 
  i 've just started my experiment in voluntary simplicity , stepping out of the consumer lifestyle ... 
  i have a meeting with my bosses tomorrow and will make a deal to have 1 week off every month . 
  with all my debt paid , practically no expenses ( mobile phone is the biggest one , i do n't have to pay rent ) i should even save about 15 % of my income every month . 
  it really is a start of a new journey for me !, 
  for the first time in years i can actually look forward to waking up and feel like i can deal with anything life has to throw at me . 
  i was reckless enough with my money to know i should n't have a credit card . 
  thank god for that tiny bit of brainpower !, 
  and 2017 is not that far away ... 
  i 'm sure you get joy ever month when you see the numbers slowly creeping torwards 0 . 
  and when you get there ... really ... 
  it 's worth soooooo much more than buying things for wich you wont care anyway in a few weeks or months . 
  really , i feel like i 've stepped out of that modern slavery system of debt and do n't plan on eveer going back . 
  i even appretiate things waaaay more if i have to save up to get them !, 
  it really is worth every effort ou put in !, 
  i had 3 and a beer was drunk in slovenia to your health !, 
  ( `` to health '' is the slovenian version of cheers ), 
  if there really are , i do n't want to know about them !, 
  but i 've tried quite a few and there is absolutely no comparisson !, 
  really . 
  a natural high does n't have that sense of escapism to it and it amplifies it to the nth degree . 
  made this just for you !, 
  we 're not far , 
  it was about 4k ... wich may not seem that much to you guys , but my average salary is arround 700 eur . 
  good news !, 
  not hopeless at all !, 
  have you thought about using something like mint ? 
  you 're in the us and it would give you a pretty good overview of your financial situation as far as i know . 
  for me survival , combat and other knives are just a fetish for knives ... ( wich i do have ) . 
  but kitchen knives are the most often used tools in my life . 
  i respect them because they have a very real function wich actually gets used ( by me ) . 
  and that ... was porn for me !, 
  that 's great info !, 
  thank you so much !, 
  i 've read about backlights and hairlights ... are they the same thing ? 
  for lighting the subject you 're absolutely right , the backlights will hel if there is any green spillage . 
  and thank you for the gels , i 'm not even close to the point where i could start learning about them . 
  so it 's a big help !, 
  the lights for the screen will be these : http://www.lrc.rpi.edu/programs/nlpip/lightinganswers/lat5/abstract.asp they are the most widely used fluorescent lights arround probably ... you see them in almost any office building . 
  they are quite cheap . 
  but i do have to find out if i can make the system dimmable ... 
  fortunately i wo n't have to do live keying . 
  and your explaining about the clipping and hue just made me panic because i do n't know anything about this . 
  i 'd be extremely grateful for any link explaining it . 
  not just the basics , and explanation someone like you would be happy with ... , 
  again thank you for the help !, 
  i 'm still completely overwhelmed with all the material i have to learn ... 
  does anyone have a few links i can trust to be a good resource ? 
  i 'm actually interested too !, 
  how big are they ? 
  do n't feel bad ... 
  in slovenia we have a few really `` different '' dialects .
