  i do n't think those psus are very efficient ... 
  i do n't need streaming ... do n't have a tv , do n't want a tv ... that 's what i have torrents for . 
  call me oldschool ( and i 'm from europe , so no streaming service yet ), 
  no way jobs is getting my money !, 
  but thx for the shuttle suggestion !, 
  will look into it !, 
  i 've been looking at those ... what about these ? 
  can you suggest any cases that are expecially good at streaming air in the bet way possible ? 
  damn that thing is sexy !, 
  but would probably use more energy to have two seperate machines ( i 'm currently `` stealing '' wi-fi from a caffee just below me ... they know and do n't mind ), 
  you 're very right ... why have n't i thought of that, 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/budgetfood , 
  brilliant !, 
  i will check everything out you suggested !, 
  there is a point where i 'd rather have a bit more power than save another 2 % of electricity ... 
  i was thinking about an atom processor , just had no idea wich motherboard goes with it ... 
  also , what do you think something like [ this ] ( http://www.zotacusa.com/products/mini-pcs/zbox ) ? 
  if i boutght an external hard drive enclosure , would it be a waste of energy ? 
  i have n't heard of these and look really interesting , but i think this would go a bit too far to be a comfortable computer to use ... 
  i0ve just searched slovenian online stores for zotec ... 
  the only one that 's really readily avaliable seems to be this one :, 
  i obviously do n't know much about selecting the right hardware , so i read the description text and `` if you want the lowest power consumption and smooth 1080p hd-movie playback , a mini-itx form factor motherboard and full functions and interfaces , then you want ion '' seems pretty interesting ... 
  what do you think ? 
  it would be quite awkward fapping there , do n't you think ? 
  very , very few skaters are tough ... most of them are mama 's boys in brand clothing ... 
  a few a tough tho, 
  yes . 
  yes it is . 
  oh , the memories ... nevermind was actually the first album i ever owned ... god i wish i still had it !, 
  i think a `` walkman '' `` ate '' the `` nirvana cards '' ( kids have no fucking clue what i 'm talking about '', 
  you , my friend , are the king of lazy !, 
  i salute you for it !, 
  but would you get laid because of a can ? 
  or would `` i made this myself ... just for you '' to a lady ent mean a bit more ? 
  oh yes . 
  yes !, 
  upvote this man !, 
  not in my experience ... something fast shows you 're not desperate but still make an effort , if it 's of real value to the evening ... 
  has anyone ever tried dried plums wrapped in pancetta ... panfried ? 
  easiest thing in the world , simple as fuck and impresses ... 
  god i 'm hungry, 
  [ what else ... ] ( http://www.laibach.nsk.si/llogo.jpg ), 
  she meant today ... she got some yesterday ... 
  but it 's still a problem !, 
  i was going to say the same thing ... but you beat me to it !, 
  just a quick overview of an aquaponic system ... 
  right ?!, 
  riiiiight ?!, 
  another really nice video ... :d, 
  my thinking about hydroponics has taken a bit of a turn ... 
  where could i find out what i could grow in africa ? 
  i got an idea for a non-profit , where would you point me to find out find out more and get help ? 
  are there any organisations you think of ? 
  it 's not nearly as simple as that i 'm afraid ... 
  targeting civilians is not just for the military ... 
  partisans in the ww2 were freedom fighters . 
  germany was the occupator and from their perspective , partisans were terrorists . 
  even by your definition they were terrorists , because they targeted collaborators too . 
  they would not be nearly as successful if they had only attacked military targets . 
  they were terrorists in the eyes of the collaborators and the germans/italians . 
  but do i care what the collaborators think ? 
  fuck no . 
  you 're wrong actually , but only because of a minor mistake . 
  you think that terrorists want to kill for killing 's sake . 
  kind of like sport hunters . 
  but they do n't . 
  they 're not murderers . 
  there is a reason behind any terrorist attack . 
  every terrorist is trying to save lives of their people . 
  ( that 's why the norway dude is not a terrorist ... he 's a murderer in my eyes ) . 
  just the same as the us did by bombing japan . 
  not to save lifes . 
  but to save american lives ... 
  are you serious ?!, 
  in truth , it was n't very effective . 
  more people got killed then ever before . 
  but you really think that the us dominance and influence ( wich is much more apparent in a completely different culture ) ca n't make a few enemies . 
  it 's not hard to think that `` my people '' are being fucked by america , if they actually are being fucked by america . 
  think of the original theme of this post . 
  they do n't `` hate americas freedom '' . 
  american politics ? 
  fuck yeah , they hate it . 
  but they had a good reason for it . 
  and they were `` fighting back in the name of their people '', 
  and by now , with sooooo many civilian lives lost in the middle east ... do you really think someone would give a fuck about a few americans ? 
  i hate any violence , but i actually find the `` official '' violence waaay more disturbing ( when it 's done by the us or nato ) . 
  i do at least try to understand people in a fucked situation being pusthed into extreme measures to shed some light on the truth . 
  it 's not very effective , if there is such a huge propaganda machine against you , but still ... 
  it 's a desperate act . 
  the raw basics of journalism is to truthfully ask the 5 ws . 
  what ? 
  where ? 
  when ? 
  who ? 
  and why !!!!!, 
  only now have people started talking about why 9/11 happened . 
  it was the biggest news of the decade , and every single journalist failed to do his/her job . 
  and precisely why was the most important question that still is n't answered . 
  but you can be sure the why ? 
  does n't get answered with : they hate our freedom , they were promised virgins and so on ...
