to put it bluntly , i really enjoy this !, 
  what do you use it most for ? 
  do you even need a smartphone anymore or has it completely taken over as your go-to device for anything but making calls ? 
  how is the battery life ? 
  thx for the answers !, 
  yeah ... good one ... 
  huh ? 
  anyways ... 
  munchies !, 
  i would n't use an ipad anywhere in public . 
  i would have to make a decision every time i took it with me because of its size . 
  in slovenia , you would look like a huge ass holding that hing proudly with both hands . 
  i 've seen a few people that have it . 
  most of them were looking more arround them to see if anybody noticed than at the screen !, 
  why do you think it 's a knock-off ? 
  in my view , it 's a better device that would get much more use from me than an ipad . 
  i love the form-factor . 
  they 're ziggi rizlas ... 
  i could actually send you a few ... pm me , 
  there are quite a few designs ... but many of them are this trippy , hehe, 
  yes they are !, 
   nice find !, 
  no . .  it 's tobacco ... 
  i 'm enrolled in an online cooking school as we speak , and i 've leart a bunch ... what drove me to learn more is a little thing i always have laying arround if something unexpected comes up and the need for some sensuality arises ... 
  all you need is dried plums and pancetta ... wrap the plums with the pancetta , fixate it with a toothpic ( wich is then also used for turning while cooking and picking up when eating ) . 
  i swear , there is no person alive prepared for the taste . 
  you think ... this is pretty interesting ... bacony but someho ... oh my lord !, 
  the plum came through !, 
  it 's salty . 
  it 's sweet . 
  it 's fast . 
  it 's sexy, 
  edit : you of course you panfry the whole thing ... do n't just eat it raw ... 
  can i be your firend too ? 
  let 's hang out at susan 's house !, 
  ( eels was the first thing i thought of too ... came here looking for references , 
  i was just thinking about that ... 
  what if we set up a tshirt shop ( one of those websites where you just send the graphics and they sell it ) and donate all the profit ? 
  i 'm sure one of you knows just how to set up a thing like that . 
  i would be proud to wear a wikileaks support t-shirt . 
  actually , the feature should be that anyone can write their own text , if they want , so that they can be relevat to their enviroment . 
  ( i know many of you guys probably have n't thought of that , but the leaks are stirring shit everywhere ... 
  there are even slovenia-relevant leaks !, 
  so a few relevant facts leaked could be on the t-shirt . 
  incredibly , the song still has the same feeling to it !, 
  love it !, 
  i 'm at work but would gladly exchange a few mails ... pm me if interested, 
  i may not be the op ... but thank you for this !, 
  but it wo n't get better if there is no change ... 
  why exactly ? 
  i just feel this is one of the human flaws that will eventually kill us all . 
  the want and need to keep things as they were , as we understand and controll them ... even if we know we don ' really understand them much less control them ... 
  also , rebuilding a failed system can be harder than constructing a new one and improve on it ... and less efective, 
  it 's not my taxes , that 's true ... ( not from us ), 
  just looking at it from a distance ... 
  i ca n't really believe what 's going on with all the bailouts ... and they 're making more money than ever !, 
  the same people are in charge !, 
  fubar i think is the right expression here . 
  also , to put aside the egoism that prevents us from demanding something drastic ... 
  i think our children would be better off with strong fundations to build their future on , not some freak type of capitalism that manages to be self destructive ... 
  unfortunately , this is not very likely , but i agreee with you wholeheartedly, 
  too good !, 
  i acually lold !, 
  does anyone remember deb actually saying , when asking who could be killing off the bad guys , that the first thought was , that she would like to kill them ? 
  imho that sets the plot so that she learns what dexter actually is and does n't judge him , because she would like to do the same ... 
  anyone ? 
  i actually think it exactly because of her emotions that she will give her best to understand ... and , i imagine , if she gets the whole sotry about his `` rebirth '' , explanation of their dads preference to dexter , theri shooting and trips and stuff ... 
  plus she really hates the guys who he killed ... said she would kill them herself is she `` could '' ... 
  in what ways do you protect your privacy on the net ? 
  tor or something else ? 
  how can i make it difficult for you guys to track me ? 
  i 'm not a terrorist , just a pothead who wanders to some strange websites from time to time  nothing illegal ( well ... bt is but ... you know ... poor student :p ), 
  but i 'd really like to use all the possibilities to stay as possible ... 
  trying to stay anonymus does n't really say i have a criminal reason to do so ... 
  i was thinking the same thing ... 
  but they are some smart guys behind wikileaks !, 
  it 's waaay better to have an ongoing story than a one time event . 
  and also the `` reaction '' part is cruical . 
  it is something to rise against . 
  and that 's a good thing . 
  hehe , so what advice would you give to your younger self ? 
  but they ac n't stop the idea ... more and more people are realising that more and more peope agre getting fucked ... 
  wikileaks is a huge hope for me , but more because of it 's effect than the existance of wikileaks alone . 
  or the status of julian assange 's freedom of movement ... 
  there is hope ... 
  i hope , 
  not enough . 
  for reliigion to be abolished , awareness is key . 
  for awareness ... information is key . 
  imho, 
  wwwttttffff !!!!!, 
  every time i try to read something from the guardian ... the site is down . 
  even the main page !, 
  the sick thing is , i can access it through tor . 
  what does this mean ? 
  thx for the replies guys ... , 
  i actually installed peerblock a few days ago , kind of forgot about it ... and for some reason it blocks quite a few sites too ( i guess because of the ads ) . 
  i was quite freaked tho ... made me look through the window ... 
  i hould smoke less ... 
  oh how i wish ...
