  some people do it by travelling , some by staying isolated and thinking alot ... 
  i 've drastically changed my values when i went on an unplanned , spontaneous bicycle tour . 
  i 'm sure a life experiment would change me even further , maybe even in the direction i would like , 
  very , very good advice !, 
  i 've travelled quite a bit but from my experiances , while very different at many points , most of the world is in some kind of `` aquisition '' mentality ( definately not all ... 
  i also have experiences of eco villages , squats and so on ) . 
  globalization really is global . 
  that is exactly why i think this could be the main focus of my experiment , it just seems so universal . 
  it has different manifestations in different parts of the world , but the desire for conspicuous consumption seems pretty dominant , even where it is unattainable . 
  oh , and i love chomsky . 
  i also love \u017di\u017eek who deals with ideology quite a bit and it 's funny watching them argue lately :d, 
  i 've had what seems to me an adequate amount of travelling and getting to know different cultures ... 
  but what i found were mostly similarities , really . 
  no matter how far i went , if i wanted to survive there or even have a reasonably comfortable existance , i would have to adopt the local version of consumerism , materialism and so on ... 
  asia is not really an option for me , i have too much going on in slovenia at the moment and i 'm not a native speaker so any `` english teacher '' jobs are not an option . 
  i have a pretty good basic grasp on the more well known philosophers who deal with voluntary simplicity , even many who do n't deal with it directly usually have some sort of `` seclusion '' era in their biographies ... where the basic needs are met and all the other energy left is put to work somewhere else , not just money aquisition . 
  but wich ones would you reccomend for someone looking to `` see '' the fabric of our society from a bit further away and try to find my own version of `` escaping the ideology '', 
  i have the same tent ... [ here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ketyuii.jpg?1 ) it is in action on my month-long tour of the iberian peninsula . 
  it was absolutely perfect , great color to stay hidden behind almost any bush , quick to set up , quite wind-resistant and just small/big enough for my needs . 
  i would trade any car for a touring bike like that !, 
  excellent choice !, 
  could you elaborate a bit here ? 
  are they any good ? 
  it 's a tv documentary , not a substitute for a book in wich you can go as deep as you want and have no fear of going over your readers head ... 
  unfortunately , it 's still supposed to be more enterertainment than proper education, 
  do n't . 
  ( sorry i 'm not more helpful ), 
  it was a joke . 
  poor lithuanian have no joke ? 
  i actually smiled !, 
  so poor slovenian have one short joke , but poor lithuanian has no joke and even do n't get the short joke !, 
  ( but i know how you feel actually ... 
  i 'm also very excited when i see slovenia on reddit ), 
  no worries !, 
  smile through life , my lithuanian friend !, 
  for serious offroad touring people seem to use frame bags rather than panniers ... 
  here is a great example of an offroad touring bike :, 
  you can also use a more `` average '' mountain bike for touring , here is a surly troll ready for almost anything :, 
  next time come over to slovenia !, 
  there is some great touring here !, 
  great video !, 
  thank you for posting !, 
  kind of like this , but not exactly, 
  i have no idea why he has a ceiling like that ... 
  but it looks like he has acoustic diffusers installed ( very frequently used acoustic treatment in audio production studios ) . 
  here is an example of an exterme diffusion studio ( by far the biggest diffusers in any studio ) , maybe some of you guys will appretiate the aesthetics of that too :, 
  darren crisp will one day build my dream bicycle . 
  i always knew he was one of the top builders out there and that the technology he uses is state of the art , but then i found out pegoretti works with him ( you can have a crisp titanium frame painted by pegoretti ) , respects him and that they are great friends ... 
  someone as passionate as pegoretti is about his art can only respect someone who 's passion is at least equal . 
  one day ... one day ... 
  actually it 's the other way arround , according to ortlieb . 
  the bigger ones go in front . 
  i was also surprised , i wanted more weight at the back ... but saw their reccomendations in the manual i got with the bags . 
  and it clearly showed front panniers are bigger . 
  i tried it `` their way '' and what can i tell you , they are right . 
  way more stable !, 
  the difference is massive !, 
  interesting ... 
  i can see they are called `` front '' and `` back '' models , but in the brochure i got with them the picture cleary shows bigger ones are at the front . 
  but it is true that i have a lowrider rack in the front so they fit perfectly and have reasonably low center of gravity . 
  why ? 
  thank you so much for your time !, 
  this is exactly the advice i need . 
  how to even start ... and the change to `` what do i need in there '' is really spot on !, 
  oh and ... 
  i did n't mention it in the original post ... of course he knows of the re-organization . 
  he 's the one who asked me if i could help , but he sure as hell does n't know i 'll take a week off work if neccessary and that i will come armed with a plan . 
  i think it will be sooo much easier for him if someone else was ruthless when making decisions on what to get rid of ... 
  i will make sure he does n't do a half-assed job and just throw away the complete garbage , and put 80 % of the stuff he might use some day on a project still unknown right back into boxes and allover the floor . 
  i 'm so sorry ... 
  i forgot to include the part where he asked me for help cleaning and organizing his workshop ... , 
  but he does n't expect me to actually help in any way other than phisically moving some boxes arround . 
  but he really needs help , or guidance ... to actually do it properly , get rid of what can be missed and would only cause clutter ... 
  i 'm a disorganized person myself ( i blame him en genetics ) so i have no idea how i would `` take over '' an organizing party like that . 
  i 'm sure he will know exactly in what part of the workshop he wants something , but i 'll make sure stuff there has it 's place and can be stored neatly . 
  any tips/tricks would be greatly appretiated !, 
  what are dust lines ? 
  sounds really useful , but i have no idea what they are . 
  ( great advice !, 
  thank you ! ), 
  great advice !, 
  thank you so much !, 
  he 's in his fifties . 
  the workshop has been in one or two of these `` re-organizations '' before so there actually are some pretty clever storage solutions . 
  and he is most definitely still in the `` tool gathering '' phase . 
  he just bought his first ( i have no idea what you call it in english ... [ this ] ( http://mmc.bolha.com/3/image/152514/154995/poravnalka-debelinka-hob-260nl-holzmann-avstrija_522335c5bcedc.jpg ) ) and it 's really sad how it 's not even useful , just burried under other random , dusty stuff ... 
  that 's probably one of the reasons for him asking me for help . 
  thank you again !, 
  just switch the alfine for a rohloff and i 'm in love !, 
  ( and ditch the belt drive ), 
  absolutely !, 
  co-motion has a really nice solution , as does a french framebuilder ( produced in cooperation with rohloff ), 
  ooooh i understand now ... 
  i have n't seen a single build with integrated shifters . 
  but then again i would n't be interested in them at all anyway , so maybe i just was n't paying enough attention . 
  twist shifters are just so much more reliable ( let alone an electronic version like this ) that they really would n't be useful on a touring bicycle . 
  now a hub geared bike with all the latest technology ... yeah ... this alfine build is just about it . 
  why infamous ? 
  i do n't have access to any stores that have these brands and can only look at pretty pictures of them online . 
  would you mind exanding a bit on the difference between if and others ?
