  people less than 100km from each other practicaly ca n't understand each other ( not if they are both speaking in the local dialect ) until they are dead drunk ... 
  that 's amazing !, 
  right on the beat and even kind of `` interprating '' the flow of the music ... dude is good . 
  first pair alsted me 10 + years . 
  the secon one did n't even last one ( but trusting them as i did ` t , i did n't have the receipt ) and the leather started teraing appart . 
  audioslave , most of them ... 
  this is my go-to reference about knife steel, 
  also check out the reviews of the knives ... that site is pretty amazing ... 
  the man knows knives . 
  hi there fellow slovenian !, 
  but ... where you born in yuga ? 
  i was 6 and in a bomb shelter in fu\u017eine :d, 
  they make me sit through some lame 7 sec ad , and then kindly inform me , that the video is not avaliable in my area ... 
  and now i 'm pissed because i do n't know how good a video i 've missed !, 
  it may be completely lame , may be heh-worthy , it may just be one of those actual lol !, 
  videos for me . 
  i will never know !, 
  the media are obviously not going to do it for us ... 
  wow , are you sure ? 
  i 'm asking because i 'm actually in the market for boots again ( since last year 's docs did n't last ) . 
  dr.martens have this more expensive option , 4life . 
  it 's supposed to have the quality upgraded ( altho they 're probably only on par with what they used to make ) . 
  i have never heard of any other companies that would make high quality boots ... 
  now i 've searched arround and found tredair , solovair and nps brands ... would you reccomend them more than the martens 4life ? 
  i 'm considering buying them ... is the quality really on par with what they used to make ? 
  docm 's for life are made in korea i think ... 
  but they also have a uk made version , but with no such guarantee ... why did you go the for life route ? 
  brilliant !, 
  thank you so much !, 
  the fact that i could n't find it was eating me alive !, 
  thank you again flipswitch !, 
  i 'm sooo jelous if you 've never seen most episodes and are watching them from the start !, 
  hm ... you gave me an idea for this weekend , actually . 
  top gear marathon !, 
  thx !, 
  yeah ... that 's the same as that french director claiming he was not driving the ferrari throguh paris but hired a professional driver ... :p, 
  it had to be said , but we all know the truth :p, 
  this is the film i 'm talking about ... if you have n't seen it , it 's a must !, 
  thank you for the awesome reply !, 
  sorry , they 're supposed to be made in thailand , not korea, 
  and about the business model of `` for life '' offers like this : they count on the fact that the vast ... 
  vast majority of the people would never send the boots back , a sall percentage would send it only once , and really few costumers would keep sending them back . 
  but i will . 
  i do n't plan on using them for any work ( i do n't do any work ) , just everyday walking shoes that would hopefully last a long time . 
  i really like the design adn the history of the boot . 
  first all the wars , then global warming , then the economy ... and then this . 
  the more i learn the more unhappy i am :(, 
  not exactly what i was looking for , but a really fun fact !, 
  i did n't know that !, 
  thx !, 
  only because i 'm high , i like you ... 
  but this is exactly the kind of response that marginalizes the protesters and does n't paint the picture of a thinking person that sees the injustice . 
  i 'm from slovenia . 
  people are pissed off here too . 
  we also have corruption scndals , bank bailouts , sleazy politicians who pour money into minitary and private pockets and tell us that a bit more social justice is impossible , we have to take care of the rich first . 
  just because you do n't hear about our scandals and anger does n't mean it does n't exist and is just an echo of owc . 
  we 're in the same boat everywhere in the western world . 
  a standing wave is not required . 
  a standing wave was just helping amplify the frequency in the room ... 
  standing waves anywhere are undesirable . 
  hence all the acoustic treatment ( wich is mostly worried about low frequency standing waves and high frequency comb filtering , wich is the same thing just at a higher frequency ), 
  i bet you calculate 2d diffusers for fun :p, 
  i think you overreacted a bit . 
  the op di n't have the intention to make it sound like it was an absolutelly correct fact . 
  he just tried to write a title that would grab attention . 
  it would n't be as exciting with a may-very-well-cause-fear-but-we 're - not-sure-yet . 
  in your first response you actually made a claim that only long exposure to very loud sound would envoke fear , and you have not proved that shor exposure could never invoke it . 
  but yeah . . 
  i 'm just an amateur acoustician :p, 
  no it not really ... 
  i do n't want to bust your balls on a minor matter like this ... 
  i feel like a grammar nazi :p, 
  but yeah ... a standing wave is just a phenomenon , that happens in enclosed spaces . 
  when a soundwave reflects from a surface , it cancle 's out or amplifies ( both actually , but in different places ) the original soundwave ... and if you happen to stand at a point where this is verry apparent ... 
  in this casse , the 19hz frequency was amplified because of a standing wave ... 
  but the effect was because of the frequency , not because it was there because of a standing wave ... 
  i should smoke less . 
  you 're absolutely right !, 
  but it would n't have been a popular post probably ... 
  except for people who find calculating standing ways as fun . 
  you see my point ? 
  he is n't an acoustician , and is n't writing an article on wikipedia ... 
  what kind of acoustics work do you do ? 
  studio design or something else ? 
  hehe , you have a point ... about that all til stuff , 
  and noise control sound really interesting !, 
  you do n't have to manipulate the whole audible spectrum , but still !, 
  ( i do n't know why i find acoutics so fastcinating ), 
  that , right there ( maybe not the colours ... but anyway ) is my dream knife . 
  thank you for sharing !, 
  this is my favorite review of the knife :, 
  i actually lold ... but it was your comment that did it ... 
  should i submit you to bestof now ? 
  i have a case of inception confusion right now ... 
  damn !, 
  this actually is the ultimate chair !, 
  i 've spent quite a while for a good chair and everything else that is needed for good ergonomy ... and this just provides good solutions for all the problems !, 
  you 're right , it would n't solve all the problems . 
  but the only people police are scared of are lawyers ... 
  i do n't have the knowledge , but i 'm pretty sure a law professor giving lectures about the constitution and rights , would give people some reassurance that if they get arrested , the police are the ones who are breaking the law ...
