  the frame also offers tires up to 6cm tires wich would satisfy my fat bike desires to a degree , if i ever feel like it . 
  could you explain the problems with rack mounts ? 
  it says on the site that it has rack mounts ... are they of an unreliable type or something ? 
  i 'm not defending my choice , i 'm just explaining my decisions and hope you will point out the flaws , as you seem knowledgeable . 
  whenever i finally put something together ... 
  i 'm sure i will !, 
  i 'm sure i 'd have to change the hubs ... but could i use the trekking rims ? 
  i 'm trying to save every penny at this point , but only on expense of current setup , not future options . 
  why would you recommend a more road-oriented frame ? 
  in my logic it is easier driving on roads on a mtb frame with skinny , road tires than it is for a more `` roadish '' bike to ride some wild trails ... what am i missing ? 
  i 'm thinking i 'd get something similar as the salsa fargo ( which i 'd love but is out of my price range ), 
  i think i 'd be able to buy some new hubs and build the wheels with the old rims ... 
  this would work , right ? 
  the rohloff option would be a nice cherry on top , but i do n't really see myself payingt the money they want for it in the next few years , so it 's definately not a dealbraker if it 's not possible . 
  thank you for the insight !, 
  i 'm actually sorry i used `` the ultimate tourer '' in the title . 
  i already have a great fitting marin trekking bike wich carried me and 30kg of gear allover the iberian peninsula for a month , but it 's really not suitable for off-road use . 
  so for road-only tours , i have the bike i love . 
  i 'm planning a 6 month low-budget tour from slovenia to nordkapp and back . 
  that would take me off-road . 
  and suitability for something like this is very high on my priority list for the frame . 
  i also love the philosophy of fatbikes . 
  i do n't care about speed or daily distance when touring at all ... 
  i ride for the experience . 
  and they 're comfy , 
  if i ever get a better frame i could put together a brilliant single-speed fatbike for slow commuting ( i have a weird taste in bikes ), 
  i really only need a couple months on trekking rims . 
  i 'll be buying parts as i earn some money . 
  i 'm sure i 'd take it very easy riding the tracks with trekking rims but i really like the fact that i could use the frame right away , using many parts i already have ( nice tubus racks , brooks b17 , most of the groupset ... ), 
  monstercross ? 
  sounds very niche and expensive : s but yeah , maybe that 's what i 'm after . 
  a bike that would take me to nordkapp , allow me to ride some tracks and maybe even eventually change into a freaky ss fatbike for fun :d, 
  uf , i have n't thought about flats !, 
  i 'd use the bike on a tour to nordkapp so it would see some rough loaded riding ... how long do you think it takes to change the rear tire ? 
  i would . 
  but i ca n't . 
  i will always have the option to re-build my old marin trekking bike i 've used on my previous tour and love dearly . 
  it fits me perfectly . 
  it handles brilliantly when loaded and is reasonably fast . 
  i 'm really not in love with the frame . 
  i drool over more established brands and more complete offerings but they are 3 to 4 times more expensive . 
  at least . 
  but i do love the versatility of this frame and am checking if it is really as cool as my amateur eyes see it . 
  ii 'm slovenian , yes !, 
  and i would trust my dad to build the wheels . 
  he 's far from a pro , but i will try to make up with initially cheap components with buying better ones gradually or when they break . 
  the thing is , if i use the parts from my trekking bike i 'll have no use for the wheelset i have on it . 
  and if i can save a few eur at this point and just use the mavic t221 rims on the inbred for a few months ... 
  i 'll have a bike to commute on . 
  the other option is just having the frame on a shelf to look at for a few months until i have the cash to buy a nice 29er wheelset . 
  but then again , when i buy a new wheelset , i 'd use the groupset from the trekking bike so it would be unusable anyway . 
  i do n't plan on touring in sahara . 
  in europe malfunctions are not as critical , so it wo n't be a disaster if the rim breaks . 
  i 'll dig into my emergency funds and buy a new one . 
  and i love your suggestion of the sturmey hub !, 
  i have n't really though about them , i 've been looking more in the direction of the new 11 speed alfine hub . 
  but sturmey archer is back on my radar again !, 
  the single speed idea is only an option for the retirement of the frame after the `` touring mode '' . 
  i love simple baloon bikes and my town is flat enough so that single speed is really not a problem at all . 
  and i would be able to make quite a fun fat-tired simple commuter out of the inbred !, 
  come to think of it ... a simple 3 gear fatbike would be awesome !, 
  or even try some single speed full rigid trail riding !, 
  i hear it improves technique !, 
  i can live with that ... 
  but thinking hard about it ... 
  i may have to check if the removal of the rack and panniers would be neccessary too ... to get to some bolts or something . 
  definatelly something to keep in mind !, 
  thx !, 
  not really ... 
  i 'm from slovenia and considering the cost of shipping for a new frame . 
  and i would have to ship it ... there are no surly frames to buy anywhere near . 
  even new ones are a problem . 
  also , they are pretty road oriented and i 'm looking at something more like a troll or a ogre . 
  i already have an old trekking bike that fits me great and does a stellar job for road loaded touring . 
  how much is the frame ? 
  unfortunately , i 'm from europe , so shipping costs would be quite high, 
  if i build it i 'll definately post it here !, 
  frame with shipping and all the taxes would be arround 850 $ . 
  that is cheap enough to become really interesting !, 
  i 'm not after weight saving really , but peoplesay titanium rides like nothing else . 
  surly frames are very expensive on this side of the pond and the price bump would be quite reasonable, 
  thank you so much for the warning !, 
  even whilst i was excited i kind of had a feeling it 's too good to be true . 
  maybe i put a little too much confidence in their ability to accurately duplicate the frame . 
  if the would , it would bypass the whole engineering part of it ( and i chose the lht because it 's well proven geometry ) . 
  the next problem i would probably encounter would be the choice of tubes . 
  i 'm sure this is one of the major parts in the `` nature '' of the frame and i have no clue about it . 
  i 'm looking for some local builders but there are n't any in slovenia . 
  handbuilt frames from austria or italy are extremely expensive . 
  even surly lht frame costs more than 600 $ plus shipping . 
  there are companies like thorn , velotraum , singular cycles ... but they all have frames made in taiwan and are not really tailor made . 
  but they cost the same as truly tailor made !, 
  there are a few british framebuilders that are really interesting , but by the time they calculate all the braze-ons and stuff , their frames are just out of the question expensive . 
  plus i would have to factor in a proper fitting session which costs 150 eur here ( it 's top level pro stuff , so probably worth it ... but anyways ) because it would make no sense for me to travel to uk for the interview and fitting at the artisan builder . 
  do n't have it anymore ... :(, 
  this is great !, 
  bookmarked !, 
  i 've never thought of that !, 
  i 'll look arround for a cheap one . 
  what would you say was a reasonable price for a vacuum bagger that would n't brake the fifth time i used it ?
