  i would definately highlight it ... serch for a couch , bring a bottle of wine and ask the hosts to take you to the street with bars . 
  a night to remember ( just do n't plan on leaving early the next day !, 
  oh , and if you 're thinking of doing the camino ... do n't . 
  i used to wear a vest like that ... but i 'm very happy with the endura luminite, 
  the integratet light is a bit over the top , but other than that i ca n't fault it !, 
  this is my favorite diy bike rack for apartments, 
  when i bought my ortlieb panniers it was actually reccomended to have 60 % of the weight in front . 
  i 've experimented a bit and ... well . . they are right . 
  it felt better having more weight in front , way more stable . 
  i 've heard only good things about mavic a719 and dt swiss tk550 ... 
  you 're thinking about bank debt . 
  think mafia debt . 
  they do n't just send an angry letter . 
  they make your brother rape your mother and then kill everybody . 
  fucking righteous judgemental asshole, 
  you 're still thinking about legitimate bank debt . 
  your world and their world are very different . 
  you think they went into debt like most people in the western world ? 
  for houses and cars tvs and vacations they ca n't afford ? 
  ( if they even did anything to get into debt at all ... it it more than likely that the warlord just decides you are in debt to him . ) ? 
  you say it like it 's without doubt their own personal fault for not using that gun against the warlords ( which would result in their families being slaughtered without doubt . ), 
  fuck , what am i doing with my life . 
  arguing with a 12 year old ( probably ) who has never been even mugged let alone extorted , about a situation of some somali pirates . 
  i admit , i 'm the idiot here ... 
  ( and just as a ps : please do n't talk about morals . 
  you have absolutely no clue what morals are apart from some happy go lucky definition a kid gets when some nice pastor is explaining sin to them . 
  what would the moral thing be when you have a choice of almost certain death attacking a ship , and an absolutely certain death of everybody you love on this world if you do n't ? 
  please , share the wisdom with me . ), 
  here 's the slovenian version !, 
  pozdravljeni !, 
  moje ime je tom in kolesarim od londona do avstralije . 
  have fun on your trip !, 
  ( also ... how do you like the thorn ? 
  uf there really is much to see in slovenia ... 
  it 's incredibly diverse for it 's size and the nature is pretty awesome . 
  what do you like ? 
  nature ? 
  nightlife ? 
  singletrack riding ? 
  and great choice !, 
  i 'm drooling over pics of rohloff thorns !, 
  i imagine i 'd prefer a stronger frame , with 30kg of gear an extra kilo or two do n't really matter , 
  ( also , if you 'll be looking at warmshowers or couchsurfing ... 
  i can pm you my info . 
  i 'm from maribor , slovenia ( if that 's on your route ) ), 
  12-15 year old marin aluminium trekking bike bought for 200 eur about two weeks before my first tour . 
   i spent quite a bit more on new front and back carriers , panniers , tent and so on ... but i assure you it was still cheap-ish and i 'm absolutely certain i would n't have any more fun on a top of the line bike with amazing gizmos . 
  it 's not really that important . 
  the only question is : will this product be quality enough not to piss me off and cause headaches ? 
  this is what got me started :, 
  speed is n't everything ... 
  people ride single speed mountain bikes because it offers something geared bikes do n't ... 
  complete freedom from thinking about anything else than riding ( you 'd be surprised how much you actually think about gearing when riding ) . 
  fat bikes are no different . 
  it 's not for everybody , but if you want something like it , there is no alternative . 
  if a round the world trip can be done on this :, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thomas_stevens_ ( cyclist ), 
  an european tour can be done on the b-twin . 
  i bought a 15 year old marin trekking bike and had no problems with it . 
  you will have bicycle shops everywhere you go , you wo n't be riding any deserts or overly remote areas ... 
  if this is the only bike you can afford it is the best bike to do your tour on !, 
  it sure is nice to drool over proper touring bikes costing thousands of euros , but i bet you will have just as much fun ( if not more , because you will not be too worried about someone stealing your bike ) as you would on a top of the line expedition tourer . 
  just go !, 
  you will never regret it !, 
  and if you get hooked on cycle touring , you can always upgrade !, 
  ever since i watched this video :, 
  i 've been dreaming of a pegoretti . 
  by far the best graphics in the business . 
  true artist . 
  do you know about the different models ? 
  i ca n't really tell what each one is for ... 
  wich would be your choice for long distance riding ? 
  randonneuring and such ... 
  i love it !, 
   thank you for posting !, 
  hahahahaha . 
  what is the sport touring bike you like so much ? 
  i 'm looking for a `` credit carad tourer '' and your seems to fit the description ... 
  it 's a beauty and will last a lifetime , no doubt !, 
  the head tube angle seems pretty steep , i thought that meant a more `` direct '' or `` twitchy '' if you prefer , ride ... 
  is this the bike you can cruise on like in a cadillac ? 
  or is this the new sport touring bike ? 
  better ? 
  or lighter ? 
  high end steel ( reynolds 953 or columbus xcr ) is so strong frames weigh less than alu/titanium and are stronger even with the paper thin wall thickness . 
  and easier to repair . 
  and will last a lifetime . 
  carbon is nice and light , but i 'm interested to see how many frames will survive regular usage for 10 , 20 , 30 years ... 
  what are you ?!, 
  dude , you 're missing the point completely . 
  ( also ... 
  i said alu/titanium frames are comparable in weight to high end steel ... 
  the cervello is carbon ( i think ) ), 
  many people can repair steel frames , very very few people can repair a carbon frame ( and only if they have access to some incredibly expensive equipment ) . 
  we have bikes in my family that have seen more than their fair share of usage and are still going strong after 20 + years ( one of them was repainted and is as good as new ) . 
  and as far as i know , you 're not a professional cyclist . 
  neither am i. 
  my life does not depend oon fragments of a second and i usually put 30 + kg of gear on my bike when i go out for a proper ride , so do you think i care about 200g in frame weight ? 
  i 'd much rather be comfortable and safe than 0.3 s faster . 
  and so would most people .
