  at first i 'll have to do without further investments ... 
  but thank you for the tip !, 
  sounds really useful !, 
  i 'm a bachelor , living on my own . 
  i buy stuff/eat on a day-to-day basis at this point . 
  eating this way is extremely expensive , because i often throw something away and as a rule eat much more than i would if i had correct portions . 
  using `` buying in bulk '' in the headline was apparently a mistake . 
  i 'm not from the us and i do n't have the us kind of bulk in mind ( buying 200 cans of tomatoe paste and so on ... ) . 
  just the normal buying all the food for the week , cooking in bulk ( more than buying ) and than correctly storing the leftovers so that they actually get used . 
  i love this tip !, 
  thank you !, 
  great advice !, 
  i 'll just have to start somewhere , i 'm sure i 'll make a few mistakes in the beginning !, 
  \u017di\u017eek would n't support that ? 
  are you sure ? 
  i 'm sorry , i 'm not as smart as most people here ... 
  was that a quote from \u017di\u017eek ? 
  all of it ? 
  i ca n't really see him stating that nationalism in only an expression of capitalism ... 
  this is so obviously wrong i do n't think he would use it even only as a provocation ( but may very well be his opinion , i 'm not sure ... just surprised ) . 
  ( offtopic : is this the same george mcgovern who ran for president and was supported by hunter s. 
  thompson ? ), 
  i actually do n't find his `` solutions '' to capitalism random at all . 
  it always depends on the context in which he is speaking . 
  when talking about the inevitability of the end of capitalism , he might say : do nothing . 
  it will still work , it is inevitable . 
  but in that inevitability there will be people inside the system who will influence it from within and in the end ... everything will be overthrown . 
  i 'm not pa philosopher at all , i 'm an amateur . 
  i 'm also a fan of \u017di\u017eek , but that is mostly because i 'm also slovenian . 
  but still i do n't really get why people choose to take his provocations and use them as a dismissal . 
  they are only that ... provocations . 
  in the context of living in an ideological society which says it has grown out of ideologies , he uses them to `` shock '' people out of it . 
  in my not very well informed opinion that is ... ( that was for the leniin statement ) . 
  also , if i may take this opportunity ... 
  i 'm slovenian and have my own opinions on his presidential race ( how fun was that !, 
  ) , but would love to hear an opinion of an `` outsider '' . 
  i know this is completely off-toopic but i rarely get the chance to talk to someone about \u017di\u017eek who actually knows his work !, 
  ( i work in the media and you would n't believe how many `` journalists '' have never heard of \u017di\u017eek !, 
  slovenian journalists ! ), 
  well ... 
  i 'm slovene , have a slovene keyboard ... and it 's really easy just to press the letter \u017d , 
  it 's part of our alphabet , nothing mysterious to it . 
  we also have \u0160 an \u010c , 
  i 'm starting to feel stupid ... 
  i do n't think i understand the question ... 
  how do the little v 's on top alter the z 's ? 
  it 's just a different sound we use in our language , i guess ... 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's not what you want exactly anyway , but \u017d kind of sounds like the j in french jacques . 
  zizek actually means `` tit '' in slovene  ( sorry for the un-answer ... hope i made up with the fun new fact about zizek ), 
  hehe , i started thinking about the h-bars because of the mary !, 
  i really see a point of having one very comfortable position , but i know i like to switch it up after a few hours and mary bar does n't offer that option . 
  i do n't really see a problem with room for brake levers and shifters ... 
  especially if i someday decide to go the rohloff route , it would be pretty much perfect . 
  here is a gif that convinced me, 
  something like this ? 
  also , do you have anything else on your handlebar ? 
  like a bar bag , bell , computer ... 
  i was wondering what this has to do with tiny houses ... 
  i always ride with a smile on my face when this is the first song i listen to ... 
  for some reason it feels like i 'm in a music video and everybody is happy to see me ride and i make their day better ... 
  oh and on quieter roads ... definitely this !, 
  i have many more , but i have to get on my bike and go to work !, 
  bob street it is !, 
  thank you sooo much !, 
  if i were n't so poor i 'd give you gold !, 
  yes , it is possible ... and it will take a week . 
  ( seriouslly ... 100km/day is not that hard at all ), 
  really ?!, 
  i had a blast on a one month solo tour ... 
  it was n't boring for a moment ... 
  cargo bike !, 
  that 's a really interesting idea !, 
  also ... 
  i ca n't believe there really is nothing sheldon brown has n't covered !, 
  the chest mount is well worth testing , but the main point of recording the rides is to capture the surroundings ( with many `` detail shots '' thrown in for final presentation ) . 
  the main camera will probably be quite high up and at the back, 
  i already have a hardtail trekking bike and this will be my test rabbit ( this sounds strange in english ... ) . 
  should i buy the fattest tires i can fit on it ? 
  and pump them to the lowest pressure they can take ? 
  the cameras will probably allover the bike . 
  the main one sticking quite high out of the rear rack but at least a few other ones as well ... 
  i have some concerns about full suspension ( wich would sound like the perfect choice ) `` rocking '' too much ... 
  towel . 
  you meant towel . 
  english is not my native language and whenever i try to have a debate in english , the language barrier for the subtle sub-meanings of sentaces becomes very apparent . 
  i have no background in philosophy ( other than i like it as an amateur ) and feel like i have nothing to offer . 
  but i do love reading well written replies by you guys . 
  of course i also do n't have the slightest idea which philosophical stances curtis takes and i would n't know what to call the correctly . 
  i know i would just waste your time , because you would have to correct my awkward wording before giving your opinion . 
  the first one i watched was the trap . 
  i actually think it does n't matter which one you watch first , as long as it is not it felt like a kiss . 
  to truly appreciate this one you have to be at least somehow familiar with his style, 
  i would n't do a very good job of parsing out his views . 
  i 'd be terrible at it probably and the debate would start with correcting my mistakes . 
  i 'm much more interested in what people who actually know the documentaries think . 
  you , on the other hand , obviously know what you 're talking about , have used quite a few '' - ism '' words for which i have no doubt are correct . 
  and thank you so much for your fifty cents !, 
  could you just expand a bit about his views being pessimistic ? 
  i ca n't actually remember him ever say that man will never be able to transcend the human cognition ( i would actually agree with him on this ... ) , i think he is just pointing out that we are very , very far from transcending it ... 
  hehehe ...
