  but like i said . 
  i do n't know , i just think that a lawyer would be the best person to speak with confidence and use the right language to talk to the police ... 
  that 's good news !, 
  i did n't know that part , 
  off-topic but anyways ... 
  what about hiring private security ? 
  collecting donations and removing the `` need '' for the police protecton ? 
  would this have any effect ? 
  no doubt there are some people acting in a way they should n't and they give a reason for police to act . 
  private security would take care of problems like that and educate the overly excited protesters about the damage they 're doing to the whole movement . 
  it would be in the same spirit as the clean-up actions . 
  i love this design !, 
  where did you buy the mechanism for the keyboard tray ? 
  and how much was it ? 
  how much load can it hold ? 
  i have a jerker and must say ... 
  i absolutely love it !, 
  i bought it because this desk was the desk to get for a home studio ( music ) and it 's incredibly stable , well made . 
  that many excited people ca n't be wrong !, 
  i was taught that the top two make the first contact ... and than use the structure tu `` push in '' with the bottom two ... 
  exactly !, 
  `` snap '' is the term i was looking for . 
  i was told that to acieve high speeds , one has to be as relaxed as possible , so until the first touch of the target with the top 2 knuckles , everything is relaxed . 
  but then you `` push '' or `` snap '' the bottom 3 into the target . 
  in my case is more of a push than a snap ... but i 'm not very good . 
  does iran really need the bomb ? 
  big lebowski as a presidental candidate , smoking a joint at a televised debate :d, 
  i 'd like to think he went to his party right after ... stood up to a bully and fucking won that shit , then made sweet sweet love to the girl of his dreams !, 
  noam chomsky starts explaining how important the time we live in could be , but the listner `` redditor '' is destracted by a cat and runs away in a random direction :d, 
  oh or do an animation on the life of an average meme , from inception to the hope of coolness than one idiot too much uses it and becomes lame, 
  thank you for the reply !, 
  i have n't had the chance to try them on , but it has n't crossed my mind that they could be too heavy ... 
  in my mind those hard-core hiking boots are way heavier ( there is a version of the boot that is targetet at hunters , and the desription is `` light and comfortable '' ), 
  but then again ... the hike i 'm planing is over 500 miles long . 
  how much should a reasonably good hiking boot weigh ? 
  i 'll send a mail to the company , i 'm sure they have the data ... 
  thank you for the advice !, 
  looks like i 'll have to think long and hard about what i 'm going to buy ...  ( danner boots are completely out of my pricerange , probably even more expensive in europe ), 
  if this is a hst reference , i solute you !, 
  i 'm so sorry for your losses !, 
  also , you should really find a band !, 
  i know not all the people with the hypothetical condition do n't blink when he sneazes ... 
  but it would be cool tho ... hm ... if like a 1000 people would sneeze every time i blink ... 
  i should get back to r/trees, 
  i love this !, 
  i 've been playing with an idea in my head ... 
  if i would sell aquaponics systems , but with every sale , the buyer would buy an identical system for someone who needs it . 
  if the buyer of the system would then sell the food for profit , he could actually say to his costumers : if you buy this organic tomatoe , you 've also bought one for a hungry child in uganda or somewhere ... 
  fill it with bacon . 
  please do !, 
  that would really be great !, 
  check out parov stelar , 
  i wanted to vote for him , just so jan\u0161a would n't win with a landslide ... 
  but somehow decided that i wo n't be dragged into negative voting . 
  now i 'm glad i voted with a blank paper . 
  would n't want to know i helped him get here . 
  you did a great thing !, 
  a friend of mine did a simmilar thing ... :d it definately was the best gift ever !, 
  here 's what my friend did : http://www.reddit.com/tb/i20pv, 
  i 'm drooling over this system ... 
  hm ... besides ppm , ph and temperature ... what do you think is needed ? 
  why not go all the way and try aquaponics ? 
  if this blew your mind ... 
  i do n't know what the clocktower will do to you !, 
  wow nice !, 
  yeah ... sounds like taking water to the lab would be the only option . 
  but i guess you 'd wait until your system was more or less stable ... than test the water and tweak it . 
  it would probably over-kill if you had it tested all the time . 
  i 've always had the feeling that ph , ec , and temperature would bo more than enough to grow a few plants . 
  but i never thought of using my own fertilizer . 
  did anyone else cringe when the baboon was dragging the puppie over those sharp sharp rocks ? 
  call peta ( and confuse them ), 
  not that late actually !, 
  `` luckily '' i 'm extremely broke , so i have n't had the chance to buy anything yet . 
  so solovairs are what i 'm actually looking for ? 
  even made on the same machines ? 
  `` the best blended scotch in the history of the world , which is also the favorite drink of the iraqi baath party , as it is still with the palestinian authority , the libyan dictatorship , and large branches of the saudi arabian royal family , is johnnie walker black -- breakfast of champions , accept no substitutes . '', 
  -- christopher hitchens, 
  i am a bananaaaaaaa !, 
  google don hertzfeldt ... watch the cartoons ... 
  prepare to see angry ticks fly out of your nipples !, 
  i logged in just to upvote you ... 
  i actually lold on air !, 
  ( i work in radio ), 
  [ octopus , i love you !, 
  i 'll use that as soon as i get the chance !, 
  if people much smarter than you usually agree he makes a great point , you 're probably wrong ... 
  and i 'm not sure how you used communist there . 
  the us mccarthy way ? 
  as an insult ? 
  if so , you completely ... do n't understand , 
  and now you 're just a sativa fan ... 
  i 'm happy for you !, 
  you gave an example of people with incredible personality cult sorrounding them . 
  and very , very powerful people . 
  it is very hard for normal people to get crtitical acclaim , expecialy in philosophy ... especially if you 're from yugoslavia . 
  and him being so vocal about being a communist should make it practically impossible . 
  he grew up in socialism and was always the first to point out any problems . 
  believe me , his communism is very different to the one mccarthy told you you should be afraid of , 
  i prefer sativa too , just notcpure sativa .
