  i 'm so acostumed to indicas that i look for that body stone rnev when smoking sativa . 
  and then i smoke too much , hehehe ... 
  and great news about those 9 months !, 
  it 'll be over in no time !, 
  fantastic work !, 
  looking forward to the updates !, 
  hehe , that 's just the point actually . 
  in no way does \u017di\u017eek imply that communism has n't failed completely . 
  and giving that as an argument against him just shows you do n't actually know his work . 
  but do n't feel bad , not many people are that fammiliar with his work it just that it 's kind of disrespectful and arogant to dismiss him as a communist philosopher and broadly say you do n't agree with his points , even if you do n't know almost anything about his point . 
  second ... remember the fear of communists and public trials of supposed communists in the us ? 
  that 's mccarthyism ... 
  and third ... 
  i 'm slovenian so i 'm pretty sure . 
  he ran for president here :p, 
  oh god . 
  what i would do to own that knife ... 
  for me personaly , the whole point of aquaponics are smaller systems that offer food as locally as possible . 
  large scale systems are definately possible , united arab emirates are building the largest system i know of . 
  but since one of the main arguments for aquaponics is enviromental responsibility , transporting the food would seem silly and counterproductive . 
  hell , i can get you a llama by 3 o'clock this afternoon !, 
  sorry , this offer will not stand for you . 
  you treat llama 's like women , man !, 
  well , ca n't say you 're wrong ... 
  ok ... so what do you want to talk about ? 
  english is not my first language and in a subreddit full of people with obviously good taste in literature , i do n't have the balls to write down any of my thoughts . 
  mostly because they are not my own , i kind of mix everything i 've read about him . 
  what i can do is ask questions , maybe this will get the ball rolling !, 
  there are obviously a few contradictions , like you 've pointed out ... peace movements and the `` gun problem '' . 
  his moralism with the immoralist posture ... 
  accepting the reality of life but still being shocked by the injustice in the world ... 
  and now the appropriately milldly unrelated question :, 
  what school of philosophy do you think he would subrscribe to ? 
  i find his morals most interesting . 
  on one hand i can feel he based his morals on a very simmilar ground to me . 
  and i ca n't really tell where they came from , common sense might be the answer . 
  but what i find confusing is how quick he was in judging people . 
  the words he used , tho very entertaining indeed , could be taken as really harsh judgements , kind of repeating the same mistake `` the other side '' was making in taking one-self and `` our '' opinions way to seriously . 
  from both sides it 's easy to judge `` the freaks '' or `` the church-going-short-haired posters for american youth '' . 
  hedonism was also the first thought that came to my mind . 
  does anyone know if he was a fan of thoreau ? 
  kill it with fire !, 
  do n't know why you are getting diwnvoted ... 
  it really is a very logical conclusion . 
  the propaganda machinr would not be as successful if we used common sense and the razor ;-), 
  what 's better than lighting a baby on fire ? 
  putting it out !, 
  * while stomping your foot on the ground as if putting out a small fire ... 
  tu pa tam is a very successful film , made on a very low budget . 
  definately worth a watch !, 
  than slovenia is the world 's minime ... :d, 
  [ you obviously forgot about this one ... ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ohg5sjyrha0 ), 
  badinfluencefriend ... this is hard to believe ... bu you 're actually my first !, 
  i will remember you for ever !, 
  that only means you 're such a good person , your mind would never go there !, 
   i bet you 're not a bad influence at all !, 
  why ?!, 
  how ? 
  it 's actually a really cool technology !, 
  has a few drawbacks , it produces ozone so it would n't really be healthy to fall asleep with a speaker like that playing in a closed room , but anyways !, 
  people have been using plasma speakers as tweeters because they are actually the perfect tweeter . 
  because of the really high frequencies that are being reproduced low mass of the membrane is cruical . 
  and you ca n't get much lower than no mass at all !, 
  i 'm sorry , i guess i 'm that guy , but tipping for a tattoo just does n't make any sense to me . 
  i kind of understand tipping the waitress in the us , because they make shit money and count on tips to make it through the week . 
  but for tattoos ?!, 
  it 's usually quite a bit more money and the artist is usually the owner too . 
  it just does n't make sense . 
  tell me how much your time , knowledge and talent are worth to you and base your rate on that . 
  english is not my first language , so my point was lost in the translation , i guess . 
  my point was exactly that tipping in restaurants because they are short-changing their employees i understand , because the people actually depend on that . 
  in my country , tipping is not mandatory at all . 
  it just makes more sense to keep prices on a real level , so that everybody is happy !, 
  i 'd much rather know that the price the artist is charging me will make him happy than guess how much i should tip him . 
  and usually they are self-employed so there is no `` restaurat '' that is shortchanging him/her . 
  if a painter wants an x ammount of money for his work , i wo n't tip him on it . 
  the `` price '' of his talent , all the time he spent refining it and the cost of the supplies have to be covered in the price . 
  if you 're a brillian tattoo artist , show it with your price !, 
  if you 're too expensive , everybody can go to the guy who just started a few weeks ago and will do your sleeve for 200 eur  why not just give the full price that would make everybody happy ? 
  it 's not as final as i would like it to be ... but at least it 's a step in the right direction !, 
  and they were this way when you guys got to australia , right ? 
  its exactly people like you , who think they know it all , that make their lives harder . 
  and harder lives can lead to alcoholism and crime . 
  you have no idea how easy it is to start drinking and stealing when everybody looks at you like you already steal stuff while drunk . 
  just fulfill their expectation . 
  you missed the point entirely . 
  the point was : people like you play a major part in keeping them at the edge of society.you have everybody telling you you can do anything , succeed in life if you work hard ... and they have assholes like you telling them they 'll never do anything and will just steal shit and live off of wellfare . 
  i 'm sure there are exceptions on both sides : successful aborigins and loser self-entiteled spoiled idiots who have never given anything back to society . 
  you 've really shown how you stand behind your words by deleting the first comment . 
  bitch, 
  who deleted your comment than ? 
  i do n't know what 's the point in trying again ... but here it goes . 
  i 'm not saying that the stereotypes are n't often true . 
  and from a point of view of a conveniance store clerk i 'm sure you feel it 's completely justified . 
  what i am saying is that you are not only an observer but a creator of this situation too . 
  by looking suspiciously at that aboriginal kid just because he is aboriginal , you are practicaly telling them they should steal . 
  you expect them to anyway . 
  they are pushed out of your society by people like you . 
  it 's harder to get a job . 
  at school , lower performance is expected .
