  everywhere you go people look at you like you 're going to steal something . 
  is it your personal fault ? 
  yes !, 
  not all of it , but if you spread this bullshit , and make them feel like criminals before they fucking do anything , you 're participating . 
  so yes , yes it is . 
  if you reply by giving me another example from the real world , how criminally inclined a group of people is , how lazy , stupid etc. . . 
  i 'll loose another piece of hope for humanity . 
  also , i kind of get a feeling you do n't actually consider yourself a racist . 
  you do know you 're one , do n't you ? 
  because they are people . 
  and because they were n't born this way , they just grew to fit into the role society expects them to do . 
  but yeah , i guess we have nothing more to duscuss ... you are racist and i think that makes you worse scum for the society than the aborigins . 
  but hey , that 's just me , and i live faaaaar away from your simple mind , so no worries  you wo n't be bothered again :p, 
  but i do hope an abo steals your car and pisses in your mailbox . 
  also , your momma ... 
  i wish you a good day too !, 
  nirvana gave me the feeling i 'm not the only one ... when i needed it most . 
  kurt was from another generation ( i was 9 when he died ) and from the other side of the world ... 
  but i had a friend in him . 
  i actually logged in just to upvote you !, 
  i do n't often do it . 
  but when i do , it 's something i really like . 
  you made a great moment for your grandpa and a great memory for yourself . 
  multiple work computers ... 
  wow !, 
  thx for this !, 
  i do n't mind that much spending a bit more for a one-pill solution , just to see if it works for me ... also , i have some uni studying to do , do n't really have that much time to figure the better options . 
  but i love this subreddit !, 
  thank you for your replies !, 
  i had one of thoes `` brainstorming '' nights when i posted this and i kind of forgot about it ... 
  but the life change is really happening ... 
  i have never ran a business in my area , i do n't have a working aquaponics system , and yes , we have quite harsh winters . 
  think northern italy . 
  the next question is really important and i have n't really taken the time to exaplin it exactly in my original post . 
  it will be a combination of dwc and flood and drain growbeds . 
  in the case of dwc , one hole will be one hole and in case of the growbeds , a certain area qill be rented out as a `` hole '' . 
  costumers will not really be in contact with the urban farm . 
  the way i kind of envisioned it , one person should be able to maintain the garden in about 3-4 hours per day , so that leaves 4 hours for the delivery ( split betwen two hours in the morning and two hours in the late afternoon , depending on when the costumer wants it delivered ) . 
  i do not know what csa means ... 
  to cover a market ther would have to be multime `` farms '' in one city , each covering the radius of possible delivery without using gas ( right now i 'm thinking about electric trike bicycles hybrid ) . 
  because of that there is no need for huge farms . 
  100m2 of growbeds/dwc and about 40 fish per week according to the rough calculations should cover the costumers interested in bio food and restaurants/hotels in an area . 
  i 've never done anything like this . 
  i will have some help at the start , but eventually i will have to hire an expert . 
  can anyone give me any pointers on what profile of an exper am i looking for ? 
  gardening/hydroponics ? 
  general biology ? 
  i will probably give a scholarship to a phd student who will work on the system ... 
  thank you for your kind wishes and questions !, 
  thank you for your advice !, 
  i 'll definately check out your site ( correction : i know it just never visited the forum ) !, 
  calculating risks is a very delicate matter ... 
  i still have n't finnished my degree and have been stuck in this job for years , with no chance of promotion ... 
  i wo n't get into details , but it does n't make sense putting off the decision . 
  unfortunately perhaps , but i do n't have the time to set up a small system to test the theory . 
  the `` big '' system will not be that big anyway , covering 150m2 , but i will still need help and guidance to set it up . 
  i 'm looking at places where i could hire someone , but i 'm not exactly sure wich profile i 'm looking for . 
  someone with experience in hydroponics ? 
  i was n't aware of the local couple but i have read the studies by the uvi about the profitability of the systems . 
  and they do point out basil as the most profitable by far . 
  if you have a market , of course . 
  i , maybe naively , think and hope my business model will be able to overcome the dificulties that other have encountered . 
  i 'll just leave this here :, 
  i always get goosebumps at the `` and that 's when the strange music starts '' line . 
  it 's just such a perfect description of `` close to the edge '', 
  it is justine joli . 
  god , you have no idea what i would do to meet that woman . 
  did you make the bike yourself or bought a premade one ? 
  you can take a train , a bus , a car , an aeroplane and i 'm sure if helicopters are what do it for you , you can get that too ... 
  also , our beautiful country is pretty small , so it should n't take that long even by bike ( 1 day should be plenty ) . 
  oh , or you could hitchike !, 
  or walk . 
  hoppe that answers your question !, 
  watching other peoples notable life moments while sitting pasively , letting your unnotable life slowly pass by . 
  but you 're not alone in that wasting ... upvote from another waster, 
  i thought it was going to be comforting ... knowing there are many wasters out there ... 
  i ca n't do anything right apparently . 
  really ... why the fuck does she open her mouth every time one of the licks her face ? 
  it 's where the whole duke nukem comes from, 
  that 's where the whole game came from, 
  that was really good !, 
  you , sir , have my upvote !, 
  also , i think you would really like slavoj \u017di\u017eek 's perverts guide to the cinema, 
  do n't know if you know it , here is a taste ( and for people who liked your comment ! ), 
  * edit to add another clip , not from the perverts guide but a \u017di\u017eek explanation on why the sound of music is nazist :d, 
  you 're ruining some pretty important culinary goodnes right there . 
  i also just drain the pot wit hthe lid cracked , but if you leave just a few spoons of `` pasta water '' in there and put it in the sauce ... 
  it makes it sooo much better . 
  also , if you completely dry the pasta before adding the sauce it will tend to stick together and be over-dry . 
  it really gives kind of a more silky quality to the sauce . 
  i learnt that from jamie olliver and have n't drained the pasta dry ever since !, 
  i really like the differences in smoking culture . 
  in slovenia , i 've never seen anyone use a pipe ( a few bongs at parties , but mostly for `` let 's do something special '' feeling ) . 
  probably 95 % of smokers here `` back-roll '' their joints and about half of thise prefer to burn instead of tear . 
  but upvote for all the amazed ents !, 
  i never thought my skill would be considered special in the us !, 
  because the paper is a bit moist right over the glue part adn because the paper becomes thicker at that part . 
  ( you can burn it off even if you licked it hours ago and than forgotten about the joint ), 
  if there is a system to copy , it would be the one developed by the university of virgin islands . 
  it 's by far the most optimized and researched .
