  in this system there is no need for the black barrels to act as buffers for warmth , because there is much , much more water in the uvi system since it 's based on floating rafts . 
  hope this helps !, 
  well ... 
  i figure i could get a small structure like that to the passive house standard . 
  this is the best calculation i can come up with :, 
  the passive house standard is 15kwh/m2 per year . 
  that is the energy that is allowed to be put into the heating . 
  googling , i 've found some data , but very general and probably not very accurate , but here it goes . 
  in a 22m2 house , i would need 330kwh of heating energy per year . 
  according to yahoo answers :, 
  when sleeping we produce about 80watts . 
  awake and sitting is about 116watts and sprinting we produce about 1.6 kwatts . . 
  let 's not take sprinting and say i would be producing about 1kw of head doing moderately intense workout . 
  per year , that means 330 hours of excercise . 
  daily this means roughly an hour . 
  while excercising for that hour daily , i would produce 0,1 kwh of electricity, 
  ( assuming an ambitious exercise period of one hour , a person could produce about 100 watt-hours of electricity ), 
  yearly , i would be producing 36,5 kwh of electricity . 
  that means no heating expenses and three 4w led bulbs lighting my home for 8,3 hours per day , for free !, 
  it 's not much , but it 's a really good effort !, 
  plus it means i would be excercising for an hour per day !, 
  this is the first not pessimistic day in a while !, 
  what do you mean ? 
  i guess there were some photos that were mighty interesting ... and i need a reason why i ca n't see them before i go to sleep . 
  now that i put it this way ... 
  it kind of sounds weird ... hm ... 
  hm ... now i ca n't even be really angry at the guy !, 
  it 's her fault !, 
  and i do n't even know if i would find her as attractive as [ falconone ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/rwveh/whats_the_greatest_thing_youve_done_that_you_have/c49cobd ) !, 
  but thank you ... knowing the reason does help a bit . 
  were they really that awesome ? 
  and is she as attractive as i imagine ? 
  ( also ... why the fuck would you post the same photo as you posted with your throwaway ?!, 
  and even more !, 
  publicly shame the person who remembered , like it 's his fucking fault ?! ), 
  thank you, 
  yeah ... calling me an asshole really makes you morally superiour . 
  i was obviously very late to that post , had no idea what the whole deleting thing was about and asked about it here ... from the little info i got on what i missed , i 've formed my opinion . 
  and everything i knew about it was that the girl used the same photo she used in an anonymous ama ( with blurred faces or something but yeah ... that makes it unrecognizable ... also , i did n't know about the blocked out faces ) . 
  was zombiemode right in pointing it out ? 
  when you take a second to think about the desired anonimity ( throwaway accout ... ) it really is clear that the zombie guy did not do the gentlemany thing . 
  but really . 
  just as you judged me and labeled me as an asshole before thinking about my perspective and what i knew about the whole situation , the zombie dude , without thinking probably , got excited that he recognized it and commented on it . 
  i can even imagine myself doing the exact same thing ( and i have no desire whatsoever to make anyone feel uncomfortable or busting someones anonimity ) . 
  i still do n't think her deleting the comments but pointing out who 's failt it is was n't nice . 
  why do that ? 
  it made me hate the guy and all i knew about him is that he is the reason i ca n't see some cool photos . 
  also , i was n't insulting . 
  i never called her any names , did n't get personal or anything . 
  just stated that i do n't think it 's a nice thing to do to publicly shame someone . 
  i 'm pretty sure if that guy did n't point it out , somebody else would . 
  why ? 
  because we 're on reddit . 
  and she posted the same photo with her real account as she did with her throwaway . 
  am i really an asshole ?!, 
  or did you type the comment before thinking thoroughly about the context and every possible point of view ( and who would blame you !, 
  well , i guess you thought wrong , did n't you ? 
  that it 's `` safe '' because it was upvoted ( and thus waaay more visible ) 200 times , and nobody made the connection . 
  i 'm sorry if i made you feel bad , it was not my intention , but i have n't seen your photos . 
  i do n't know how gorgeous you are so i wo n't be automatically on your side . 
  you 've made the connection betwen the throwaway and your personal profile . 
  he just pointed it out . 
  just from this post alone you can see what kind of an efefect this has . 
  a beautiful girl and i ca n't see her photos because of some zombie asshole ?!, 
  fuck that guy !, 
  that went throguh my head ( and probably everybody elses ) . 
  i agree completely it wans ' t ok for him to point out your mistake , but it was your mistake , i 'm sorry !, 
  what most people would do is delete their comments . 
  i still do n't get why you had to explain whos fault it was , if it was n't your intention to make people hate the guy . 
  and if that was your intention ... well ... you can fill the rest of this sentance , 
  again , sorry if i made you feel bad . 
  that 's not a nice thing to do . 
  wow , you really came through as a cool girl !, 
  i like your style !, 
  why the anger ? 
  it was your mistake posting the same pic . 
  i 'm happy to know the zombie dude apologized , it makes him a cool guy in my eyes . 
  he hurt someone and he did the right thing . 
  did you apologize to him for making many people hate him ? 
  after he apologized , why did n't you delete your comments pointing him out ? 
  also , why call me names ? 
  was i at any point out of line or was i just stating my ( perfectly reasonable ) opinion ? 
  i hope i did n't offend you but to tell you the truth , i like the idea of you getting angry at some random guy on the internet who pointed out you 've accused someone for your own mistake . 
  i did nothing in ill faith and you 're still annoyed :d, 
  god , you must really be phisically gorgeous if you resent the fact that guys like looking at photos of nice girls and not the fucking scenery . 
  only truly gorgeous women are so fed up of being constantly objectivised . 
  i wish i would have seen the photos ... 
  not really , you missed the point . 
  i was commenting on the fact that apparently noone else called you out on it . 
  do you want to know why ? 
  was it because nobody else noticed you were doing something wrong ? 
  or was it the fact that no guy would ever say anything bad to a girl he in his hormone filled mind feels would maybe in a million years go out with him or something ? 
  we do n't just close the doors for beautiful women . 
  we 're nice to them even if they do n't deserve it . 
  a phenomenon i 'm sure you 've noticed in your life , 
  * edit : i 'm high and did n't notice you were n't bekaloha ... sorry ... but explanation still stands, 
  oh , and why the name calling again ? 
  do you feel better about yourself if you make somebody else feel bad about themselves ? 
  i loughed so hard i think i woke up my neighbours !, 
  you have one of the best dogs that ever lived !,
