  exactly !, 
  i 'm not even making this up ... 
  i highly reccomend geoffrey millers ' the mating mind . 
  if you have a dog , or some high maitenance tropical fish or something ... you 're showing off your ability to take care of things . 
  women really appretiate that actually . 
  or even if you have a really old christmass tree ornament or something ... that 's been in your family for generations . 
  so yeah . 
  it works . 
  in slovenia at least ... there is a special category for bicycles with `` auxiliary '' motors ... a seperate category for mopeds ( tomos mopeds are actually from slovenia ... we 're flooded by them ) and 50ccm scooters . 
  the main point being the top speed . 
  you can buy scooters here that can be driven on the bicycle lane , just the top speed is limited to 25km/h, 
  but you 're right , it depends on where you 're from . 
  you 're right ofcourse ... 
  but . 
  i was actually thinking of buying the electric version . 
  the deal-braker was the mid-range battery that would need replacing in a year and a half . 
  the expense of buying a new battery that often is quite significant , but the enviromental impact is even higher ( they 're all produced in china ) . 
  if you take into account that it did n't have to be transported from far far away , no production costs , no new materials used ... 
  i think i can still impress a vegetarian girl with it :p, 
  i actually laughet out loud !, 
  i was just reading the thread from the guy asking if he should get involved ... that red shirt guy handled it perfectly . 
  hahahahaha i see it !, 
  i needed that chuckle ... 
  farmers markets are oddly more expensive in slovenia . 
  well ... if you look at the price , they 're pretty simmilar to supermarkets ( where tomatoes are from spain , for example ) , but in practice they do n't weigh the vegetables accurately in farmers markets ... 
  nothing is cheaper than 1eur ... and at the supermarket the scales are really accurate and you get a 0.67 eur for example ... 
  also i live in an apartment where my windows get only 3 hiours of direct sunlight , so a herb garden is out of the question ... 
  how do you decide what is just too expensive and what is worth it ? 
  from my perspective ... for a nice meal , more or less everything has to be just right ... 
  oh the choices . . 
  it 's not really an f1 car ... 
  it 's a mclaren f1, 
  hehehe , you 're absolutely right ... 
  i really do think it 's worth it ( or life would n't be worth it ... without it ... :p ) . 
  but i also feel i should be a bit more frugal in this area . 
  i just do n't know where to draw the line ... 
  are prime steaks an unneccesary luxury ? 
  olive oil bought directly from a farmer ? 
  3 course dinners ? 
  to make it easier ... what are the things you do n't buy ? 
  so we 'll be able to see it next year ? 
  so who feels like calculating the speed of juno if it will travel only 500km from august 2011 to october 2011 ? 
  it should be somewhere arround 0,5 km/h !, 
  hm ... it looks like it will come back 2 years after the launch ... not 1 year ... and i even wrote agugust 11 to october 11 ... 
  i should just go back to r/trees , should n't i, 
  mentioning chicken breasts with the bone , you just saved me quite a bit !, 
  i 'm sure it 's cheaper to buy a whole chicken ... and i 'll have the bones for supreme homemade stock !, 
  why have n't i thought of that sooner !, 
  sums it up perfecty ... that 's exactly my point of view ... 
  i save elswhere to eat good ... 
  but it still is one of the main expenses i have and i would also get a bit satisfaction from saving more ... 
  but i 'd much rather eat amazing food than own a car . 
  or buy a huge tv ... 
  coz you 're creepy maybe ? 
  really good !, 
  but for amateur groove , i prefere [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfkfgegeptg ) one, 
  what happened exactly ?!, 
  was it electrified or something ? 
  thx !, 
  who is this ?!, 
  crazy or not ... 
  i would marry this girl !, 
  and wake her up with gentle foot massages every morning !, 
  they do actually , 
  you could fuck some sailor 's girlfriend ... :d, 
  we 're really not eastern europe ... bordering on italy and austria ... , 
  if anyone is interested in details ... who the teacher is and so on ... 
  i speak the language and can answer questions that are answered on their site ... 
  i like you !, 
  thank you . 
  thx for the pointer about amd fusion !, 
  is it more efficient than an atom processor ? 
  i already have sleep set up ... after 20 minutes of bein idle ( but i never really turn off my comp completely ... ) . 
  my current computer is actually a daw ( digital audio workstation ... 
  i hoped i 'd make a living off of recording bands ) . 
  i will sell my external soundcard and active studio speakers in favour of a simpler , less electricity draining computer speakers set-up . 
  i 'm not really looking at monetary savings as i am at lowering my power bill . 
  i 'd just like to find out how much electrycity i use in case i would want to move go off the grid ( without cutting my redditing hours ) . 
  oh , and i do n't play games at all , with the exception of a few rounds of my favorite flash tower defense games ... 
  i do n't really want a tablet ... 
  i download torrents ... 
  but maybe a laptop would not be such a bad idea ... they have to be designed to be frugal with electricity ... would a laptop use less energy than a nettop ? 
  i 've allready sold all my microphones ... and will sell my soundcard and active speakers ... 
  i do n't need a daw anymore . 
  but yeah , the machine was pretty decent 5 years ago . 
  but that also means power consumtion was the last thing i was looking for . 
  torrent download on a tablet ? 
  wow !, 
  this is what i 've been looking for !, 
  thx !, 
  so that means i can actually keep most of my hardware , just clean it and buy a new psu ? 
  if cooling is the biggest drain , a bigger pc tower case would be more efficient because of better cooling than one of those nettops ? 
  yes !, 
  numbers !, 
  that 's what i was looking for !, 
  and very sound advice !, 
  :d thank you dear sir !, 
  so i just have to look for a diamondville cpu netbook !, 
  hm ... oh ... what about hard drives ? 
  would all the effort be lost if i put those 2tb drives in an external enclosure ?
