  i plan on doing exactly this . 
  i have an android phone with gps and will use mytracks to track my riding . 
  whenever i 'll get access to wireless , i 'll upload the tracks to a public google map and share it on my site . 
  congratulations , man !, 
  that is a really nice bike !, 
  i 'm also in the market for a steel touring bicycle at the moment and it seems that the surly lht is really popular . 
  what made you go to if ? 
  what steel did you choose ? 
  i logged in just to upvote you . 
  well put . 
  that argument is often brought up because alcohol is legal , and weed is n't . 
  that is the only reason . 
   this is demonstrably false . 
  the rest of your points suffer from similar lacks of logical structure . 
  now go away or i shall taunt you a second time !, 
  ( thank you so much for this !, 
  i really needed a good laugh today ), 
  i know it was n't meant to be funny , but it is really nice to read such an eloquent way of telling someone they 're . . khm . . `` speaking out of their arse '' . 
  my granddad had the same way of calmly stating facts that had a much more profound effect than just telling someone they do n't know what they 're talking about as well as they think they do . 
  and now i have to go google `` ameliorated '' ( not a native speaker ) . 
  i hope you have a great day !, 
  but eating mcd on a regular basis is n't good for you eather !, 
  ( also , funny that you should say `` legal for a long time '' . 
  it 's been legal in the us since 1933 ), 
  people compare weed and alcohol not to compare the effects ( and alcohol really is worse in sooo many ways ) , but to raise the question why marijuana is not legal . 
  the `` it 's harmful and we have to protect people from it '' does not hold water . 
  at all . 
  also , it 's not that hard to get statistics on marijuana . 
  people have been using it just as long as they have been using alcohol ( do n't know this for a fact , but it 's been arround for tens of thousands of years ) . 
  we are not talking about a new sythetic drug . 
  it 's a fucking plant !, 
   i just do n't see why it is a necessity to choose either one or the other , just because it is better than alcohol does n't mean it is a good choice ( on a regular basis ) . 
  we 're obviously not talking about the same thing . 
  your argument is that marijuana is not healthy . 
  as in ... not improving your health . 
  but i do n't really get what is the point of arguing this . 
  i do n't think anybody thinks inhaling a smoke from a burning plant will be very healthy . 
  people do n't smoke weed to get healthy ( quite a few of them smoke it to ease a symptom they have ... improving their lives , but we 're not talking about medical patients here ) . 
  it is your personal choice not so smoke marijuana . 
  we all get it . 
  what else did you bring to the discussion ? 
  what 's the point you 're trying to make ? 
  excuse for what exactly ? 
  look , i 'm sorry if your friends that smoke always give you the excuse `` it 's better than alcohol '' when you bitch , but this is , i 'm sorry , not relevant at all . 
   we do n't know shit about what it does to you . 
  really ? 
  are you serious ? 
  statements like that just erode your credibility ... 
  the comparison between marijuana and alcohol is not an excuse . 
  it can be if you want to use it like one when your asshole friend bitches about you smoking , but in itself , it 's a fact . 
  you can compare the two . 
  the reason it was used in this post is because it gives a certain perspective on marijuana . 
  it is n't here to convince a beer drinker that he should start smoking . 
  the only reason we do n't know as much about the effects of marijuana as we could is , because it is illegal . 
  that 's it . 
  i think even you would agree with that one . 
  and because of that it is a relevant fact to point out in a discussion as this . 
  people are being treated as criminals and thousands of lives have been destroyed because of it . 
  families broken , not because of the effect of marijuana . 
  it 's not like alcohol with millions of slightly alcoholic fgather beating their kids . 
  families are broken because people go to jail . 
  would n't it be great if posts like this one would n't even be necessary ? 
  because research would be much easier ? 
  and we would have an even better understanding of a plant tens of millions of people use allover the world ( even if you do n't like it ) . 
  but yeah , i agree . 
  it 's not as healthy as eating an organic apple . 
  thank you for writing this ... so i do n't have to, 
  i 'm very interested in that trike !, 
  their top-of-the-line model has full suspension . 
  do you miss it at all ? 
  how is the turning circle on those things ? 
  check . 
  something rupoert neve ? 
  check . 
  oh , god ... and check . 
  sure ... it 's right there . 
  that is sooo close to my dream set\u017eup you would n't believe !, 
  damn . 
  i hope you realise how god damn lucky you are !, 
  also , why all the outboard ? 
  i presume you 're doing some tracking on the system too ... or jut for the taste of analog ? 
  i love buttons too , 
  what converters do you use ? 
  do you try to avoid many ad/da conversions when mixing ? 
  nice ... 
  [ reminded me of new kids turbo dog ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=scweq2wbtxq ), 
  well , it 's readily avaliable actually , you just need an android phone ( there is something for iphone too , i 'm sure ) and probably a battery pack or a hub dynamo charging it . 
  use [ mytrack ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ibmjjrgugde ) to track your tour ( you do n't need to have a data connection for this . 
  it 's just loggs your movements through gps and records them ) . 
  it gives you a really nice overview of the tour . 
  maximum speed , average speed , `` stationary '' time , and how miuch you have cimbed/ascended . 
  it 's pretty cool actually !, 
  and if you 're ok with taking photos with your phone ( some of them are pretty amazing ) , you have your gps turned on anyway , so it 's no problem to geotag the photo . 
  the last step is to import all this data and photos to a google maps and share with friends !, 
  i do n't plan on using my phone either ... well , i 'll use the fuck out of it , but i wo n't have my sim card in it at all !, 
  ( i 'll still have it with me for emergencies and such ) . 
  just use my phone as a music player , gps tracker and camera , upload everything whenever i get access to a wireless point . 
  i 'll also use it for couchsurfing ( love the app ) , emergency phrase translator , weather forecasts ... 
  it is definately crazy usefull considering it 's weight and `` one device '' solution . 
  additional `` usb '' power packs are also relatively cheap and will make sure you ' r phone has power for at least 2-3 days ( and when i 'll get to an outlet , i 'll charge both , the phone battery and the power pack ) .
