  way less stable with weight . 
  more sporty so less comfortable . 
  there are countless videos on youtube of people who lay out their gear on the floor from all 4 panniers . 
  riding with only 2 panniers would be weird to me . 
  it feels off-balance . 
  i would n't trust the thule pack and pedal . 
  it 's ok for randonneuring , but i would n't trust the outcome of the tour on one . 
  road bikes have a different geometry , which really is key here . 
  they are not meant to be touring bicycles . 
  and having a carbon frame and strapping 4 panniers on it woud be ... stupid . 
  the carbon is most likely not made for the stress and the weight panniers put on it and there is no easy way to repair it . 
  but you would save a kg in frame material . 
  and i ca n't accept to agree to disagree on the comfort thing . 
  you may be used to a road racing bicycle and do n't mind pain , but by definition comfort is not an objective on a racing bike . 
  and by definition a touring bike has a more relaxed geometry because of the comfort . 
  you may feel more at home on a racing bike but that 's it . 
  even on your fully suspended bike you most definately have a different body position , arguably more comfortable because it is not meant to be as aerodynamic as possible . 
  and just to add , yes . 
  yes road bikes have less space even if you do add a rear rack . 
  the chainstays are shorter so you have to use smaller panniers because otherwise your heel would hit them with every revolution . 
  and i have n't seen a road bike with lowrider braze ons on the fork . 
  toe overlap is also much more of an issue on a road bike . 
  the steering is more twitchy or `` faster '' and nervous . 
  10k is still way more than i ever did on any bicycle in a single tour !, 
  and most of my tours were also on an alu trekking bike with flat bars and bullhorns , but i also had lowrider panniers in the front . 
  that 's why i ca n't really understand how you did n't feel a difference between a trekking bike and a racing bike . 
  there is a huge difference in comfort and riding position ( there should be ... racing bikes are designed to be more aero than trekking bikes ) . 
  you also have drop-barred touring bikes , mostly from the us and uk , but they still do n't have anywhere hear the aerodynamics as a normal road bike . 
  that 's brilliant !, 
  and way cheaper and easier to use than what we got in slovenia when we adopted euro . 
  every houshold got a calculator :, 
  really ? 
  if i hone my knife before every use it will magically stay sharp forever ? 
  sorry but that 's complete bs . 
  i have probably thousands of dollars invested in my sharpening equipment , including cbn sprays and such ... 
  it 's all useless if i just hone regularly ? 
  even a leather belt has some natural abrasives . 
  and i 'm surprised you agree that my forefathers used wet stones . 
  that is still sharpening , not honing . 
  just to avoid any confusion ( straight razor people say `` honing '' when they sharpen their razors , you might too , i do n't know ) , sharpening is removing material from the blade , honing is straightening the edge of the blade as it becomes warped during use . 
  and i do n't think i 'll take your advice on sharpening , really . 
  it 's a passion for me , more than a necessity . 
  what you call sharp , and what i call sharp , are probably very , very different things . 
  for some people `` sharp enough '' is the goal , and my goal is `` as sharp as possible '' . 
  i doubt you ever used a microscope to check your sharpening job . 
  eh , i 'm sorry man . 
  i managed to sound like an elitist asshole . 
  it 's just that i really fucking love a perfect edge and have put a lot of money and time and energy into perfecting my technique . 
  i realize there is almost no practical application of a `` perfect '' edge and i do n't really baton with my knives . 
  our goals are different so no wonder our techniques are different too . 
  i just get annoyed with posts that say sharpening is not needed and . 
  i promise you , you really gave awful advice here . 
  i have a feeling that what you call honing i would call sharpening or at least polishing . 
  even polishing is still removing material from the blade . 
  for my polishing i have to use micro fiber cloth on glass , because leather has natural abrasives that vary in size greatly so it 's useless for me , as i go down to 0.25 micron spray . 
  but even this small , the fact is i 'm still removing material from the blade . 
  no matter what , using your knife to cut anything will always remove some material from the blade . 
  it mostly wraps the edge , but it also removes material . 
  and no matter what , there comes a point where absolutely no amount of honing will bring back an edge that is just not there anymore . 
  you need to sharpen it then . 
  no way around it . 
  knife sharpening . 
  i look at my knives under a usb microscope to check progress of my sharpening . 
  if you give me what you consider a sharp knive , chances are i wo n't agree with you , even if it 's more than sharp enough for the intended purpuse you are using it for . 
  any kickstand with two `` feet '' will do the job , you do n't need a spring . 
  i would n't know what to do without one on a tour , really ( front and rear panniers ) . 
  not only does it keep your bike upright at all times , you get the added benefit of the front wheel becoming a `` scale '' once it 's up in the air . 
  put your front panniers on after packing , if the wheel turns in any direction , your bag is heavier on that side . 
  repeat with putting rear panniers on the front rack and you have an amazingly balanced luggage !, 
  handling is just so much better when you load your bike correctly, 
  well , if you get the hase pino you get to sit in the back and control everything , plus the added view of your girlfriends legs !, 
  we test rode it and it 's amazing !, 
  but completely out of our pricerange unfrotunately . 
  so we just ride normal bikes . 
  just making sure you know of this type of tandem :, 
  my girlfriend and i loved the test ride , but it 's just too expensive for us . 
  both ( on a pino ) !, 
  i feel i should get paid for how much i reccomend them any chance i get ... 
  surprisingly well !, 
  better than a normal tandem i would think , it has a shorter ... hm ... distance between the wheels ( forgot how you call it in english ) . 
  the biggest plus is definately the communication . 
  our heads were comfortably close so we could easily chat and sharing the same view was also brilliant . 
  also , i think my girlfriend was more aware of our riding and adjusted her balace better than with a normal tandem . 
  all huge plusses in my book ( except the price . ), 
  what do you mean ? 
  hehe did n't really notice that !, 
  i 've never owned a tandem , only test rode a few ... thx for the explanation !, 
  the one in the back !, 
  velotraum might be an option ... or if you 're willing to have someone build up a bike for you , you could buy a thorn frame . 
  they take care of shorter people very well , i hear !, 
  well , slavoj \u017di\u017eek seems to be quite successful !, 
  married quite a few times , one of those to an argentinia model . 
  i love this photo of him on his wedding day !, 
  without any doubt . 
  this :, 
  yeah , but it was funny , was n't it !, 
   it 's art !, 
  nobody more dominant at their sport ? 
  this guy may want a word with you ... 
  thank you so much for your reply !,
