  that must be it ... 
  and just for reference , as my light is working correctly ... 
  their design is to keep you in high power mode for as long as possible ... and switch to low power with just enough juice to get you home ( 1 hour or so ) . 
  there is something wrong with your light and you should replace it , if that 's an option . 
  itd itd itd ... ) . 
  ufff ... 
  like grim_asdf said , this is a very flammable topic for slovenians . 
  nothing divides slovenia more than this and ww2 is still one of the biggest political topics here . 
  it 's actually quite weird and , at least in my opinion , deliberately forced on us . 
  i have absolutely nothing to do with ww2 . 
  or jugoslavia . 
  but my choice in who i vote for is still very much dependent on their position on ww2 . 
  it should n't matter , but since it is one of the main topics in the country , it 's hard not to let it effect your voting . 
  you vote for whoever has the most chance at beating the side you hate , so it 's easy for the same old people to stay in power . 
  it just keeps rotating . 
  they win , and we all loose in the end . 
  i have n't read the book , i do n't think i ever will , but that does n't mean i 'm not aware of the human tragedies that happened during and after the war . 
  it is shameful , really !, 
  it should never have happened . 
  it was nothing but murder out of revenge . 
  having said that , the fact is that domobranci were not just anti-communist . 
  they were , without doubt , collaborators with the nazi germany , under their command , got supplies from the germans and even swore their allegiance to the reich , it 's fuhrer and the ss . 
  many were also very anti-semitic . 
  after all the suffering , death and destruction that the nazis brought to our land , it would be kind of hard to just `` let go '' when the war ended and treat the partisans the same as the collaborators . 
  those who could , fled the country , those who could n't ... :(, 
  i did n't really mean to imply that everybody who stayed was murdered ... 
  and people also knew , like your grandfather did ... who was a collaborator . 
  to those on the wrong side of the war , life really was n't easy in jugoslavia , hard to get a job , they were blocked at every opportunity basically . 
  they were definitely being punished , even the children of the collaborators . 
  it 's not really right to dismiss their suffering , even if they were fucking nazi traitors . 
  it 's not hard to imagine that after years of blood and war ... when peace comes , the soldiers do n't just switch off the killing instinct and let go of the hate of nazis , the ss , and their own people who took weapons from the occupiers and used them against their own countrymen . 
  it is a fact , this happens everywhere there is war . 
  slovenia is not unique in any way . 
  i have a hard time processing my feelings on this topic . 
  i 'm sorry for all the innocent people who died after the war , but i ca n't really feel like the partisans and collaborators could ever be seen as equals . 
  one group was an underdog , poorly equipped , hiding in the forrests , fighting the murderous occupier of their home ... and the other was ... well ... collaborating with the occupiers . 
  i 'm sorry , but they are on the wrong side of history . 
  just as most partisans were n't exactly communists , they just wanted to fight against the occupier . 
  trying to justify their role in the war with `` church made me do it '' , well ... good luck with that !, 
  well ... the germans did it to everyone , they were a foreign occupier . 
  it was n't personal , was it ? 
  on the other hand , what your own neighbours do is a bit more personal . 
  i 'm not judging . 
  really !, 
  i have no idea what i would do in that situation . 
  hm ... how could i put it ... history is at least dark grey / light grey on this one , if not almost black and white ... whoever fought in the name of nazism is kind of in the `` dark grey '' part . 
  it get 's pretty `` very fucking dark grey '' when you have people killing their own in the name of a foreign nazi power . 
  that does n't mean they were bad people , it does n't mean they were good . 
  they were in an unimaginable situation , nobody can judge a person for a decision he makes under those circumstances , i think . 
  but it is hard to stay calm and neutral when you listen to stories of how the domobranci were even worse than the ss , or what kind of cruelty partisans were capable of , often against their own , slovenian people . 
  fuck war , that 's all i can say . 
  our brilliant government has decided to drop the `` i feel slovenia '' slogan . 
  after spending ridiculous ammounts of money promoting it at the expo and ... well ... everywhere else really . 
  i honestly thought this was a joke first !, 
  you 're very up to date on insider slovenian news and jokes !, 
  i doubt it , really . . 
  i have a friend who works in tourism and was dealing with slovenians living in australia . 
  they had a big `` slovenian gathering '' and wanted to buy the shirts . 
  he could n't get anyone to answer his emails about the shirts, 
  but hey !, 
  you can try !, 
  the thing is ... they grow their own quartz crystals . 
  only the purest get selected for the gs line . 
  each is then aged so it becomes stable , tested for it 's temperature response and the whole mechanism is then adjusted for that exact crystal . 
  it then reads the temperature a few thousand times a day and will adjust to it . 
  if you ca n't appretiate that ... well ... 
  i guess it 's ok too . 
  but i really think the gs quartz deserves a bit more respect than calling it a 400 $ pizza . 
  one of the most well know watches in the world is the omega speedmaster , mainly because it was the first watch on the moon . 
  imagine how special is the actual watch that has been on the moon !!, 
  well , nobody knows where it is . 
  it was lost in transit . 
  `` of special note , it is understood that buzz aldrin 's watch was lost in transit in or about 1971 whilst en route to the smithsonian air and space museum whilst buzz was attempting to loan the item for display . 
  its current whereabouts are not therefore known . 
  it may well be the first watch worn on the moon . '', 
  it feels nice to watch exploded views and read on mechanical parts . 
  those prices are really upmarket ( not the highest out there , i know ... ) . 
  for that kind of money you 'd have to convince me with some really clever design solutions i could n't get anywhere else . 
  see , that extending reflective part on your jeans !, 
  that 's what it would take it to convince me !, 
  man i want a pair !, 
  oh man , you have sooo many options !!!!, 
  i do n't like drop bars and have years of searching for the `` perfect touring bike '' under my belt so ... 
  here 's a few options !, 
  i gues you 're from the other side of the pond because the vast majority of european touring bikes have flat bars . 
  maybe even butterfly bars . 
  this is my choice of weapon for touring : the velotraum cross cromo ex ( you do n't need the ex version ... 
  i bought it because i might buy a rohloff someday ) . 
  another brilliant , brilliant bike is the tout terrain silk road ( or any other model really ), 
  if i were buying a new bike for touring , i 'd probably go the oxford bike works way . 
  it 's a really bulletproof frame ( almost as strong as velotraum , which is the strongest i know about ) . 
  it 's a small company with top notch costumer service and tom alles ( of tomsbiketrip.com ) input on the design . 
  there is also the koga signature line which is amazing ... take a look at the traveller model, 
  and the patria terra !!!, 
  there is also the well respected thorn sherpa !, 
  and the velo de ville, 
  and i should ' t forget about rotor bikes !, 
  and the awesome french vagabonde cycles, 
  i 'm sure i forgot a few but ... 
  this is probably a great list of top tier european touring bikes .
