  if budget is very important , you could just go with the on-one inbred frame and build it from there !, 
  the frame is very reasonably priced and quite strong !, 
  hope this helps !, 
  choose your favorite lbs that you trust , order just the frame and have them build up the bike !, 
  that 's what i did and i 'm from europe , but have no authorised dealers for any top notch touring bike company in slovenia . 
  just checked and ... koga has a us dealer !, 
  this is the bike mark beaumont beat the world record for round the world cycling on !, 
  i ca n't say i 'm a fan of his , i understand the appeal of beating the record but in my opinion this goes against everything i look for in bicycle touring . 
  to cycle round the world and only care about the distance and time , missing all the great things along the way !, 
  to each his own but ... the bike did almost 30k km in 194 days so i guess it 's reliable , 
  you can watch mark get the koga at the start of the first episode here :, 
  oh there is sooo many cool little details that really make a difference on the road on many of those bikes !, 
  touring bicycles , or more exactly expertly-designed touring bicycles are this weird mixture of ultimate simplicity ( reliability is king on tour ) , bombroofness , and as the last but very important measure , repairability anywhere in the world ( simple cable brakes , 26 '' wheels and so on ) on one hand . 
  and on the other , weird complications that are only relevat to touring ( geometry designed with front panniers in mind , electricity generating and storage system to power a phone , gps or a laptop , frame-integrated ultra strong racks , incredibly wide gear rations ( rohloff being the king , 14 gears and 526 % range ... with the new pinion guy threatening to take it 's place with 636 % ) , additional fuel and water systems ( i love my bikebuddy http://www.bikebuddy.co.uk/ ) . 
  man i got to stop daydreaming about touring bikes and get back to work ... 
  that 's the dream no-maintenance bike !, 
  hope it carries you far !, 
  that 's on my bucket list too !, 
  and it absolutely can be done !, 
  the best option i can see is a folding bike ( a serious one like a bikefriday or something ), 
  and a packraft !, 
  just barely bigger than a tent !, 
  in my eyes , a spring drive grand seiko diver is waaaaay cooler ( and probably better made , really ) than a submariner . 
  oh man , this is gold !, 
  i ca n't believe how relevnat this clip from ali g is !, 
  go back to slovenia !!!!, 
  ( i 'm slovenian , ali g mentioning us was a big deal ), 
  the guy who makes these ( jure berk ) first started making the seat/seatpost combos , by far the lightest around and became really popular with weightweenies . 
  he now makes bikes . 
  no , i do n't think that 's a tune seat and seatpost , 
  thank you so much !, 
  great answer !, 
  so if i have a glass pipe , 10mm in diameter ( just the `` opening '' ) , heat it at one end to 300 degrees celsius . 
  200mm further down the pipe , i cool a spot to -20 degrees celsius . 
  in my simple understanding , air will flow from high pressure ( hot ) areas to low pressure area . 
  but what happens when one end is cooled below room temperature ? 
  would n't surrounding ( room temperature ) air actually `` fall '' or be sucked into the low pressure area of the end of the tube ? 
  it 's not his guitar . 
  they had it at the radio station . 
  2 days donation for / r/millionairemakers, 
  i just always felt there is something very wrong with the directions things were and are going . 
  i 'm scared shitless to think that americans put up with soooo much from their government , and they are the ones who are supposed to value freedom above all else ( well ... tsa moved them a little ) . 
  i 'm scared of our numbness , our inaction ... 
  we all know pretty much what 's going on . 
  there is evidence of it allover the place !, 
  on the internets . 
  in music . 
  movies . 
  in every pub more or less the same conversations can be heard when drunk reasonable intelligent people speak their mind . 
  but ... 
  but ... 
  fuck that but !, 
  fuck that but !, 
  fuck it !, 
  there is someone who stood up without that but !, 
  wikileaks is a clear product of that !, 
  how can i feel better about myself and my role in this civilisation ? 
  what can i do ? 
  i 'm thinking of starting a transparency party in my country ... would that work ? 
  i really feel the need to put my morals above the desire to aquire currancy and women . 
  to put them above my want to just wait and hope fore the best because it feels safer !, 
  to put them above the desire to play the capitalist game , in case my one in a million chance of becoming rich , handsome and carismatic on some tropical island is realised !, 
  i ca n't remember where , or even if it was a video lecture or something i have read ... 
  but it went something along the lines : `` when we all know something , nothing happens . 
  when we all know that we all know something it still is n't enough for action . 
  but when we all know , that we all know , that we all know something ... that 's when the action starts ... 
  does anyone have any idea where this is from ? 
  my biggest fear is feeling trappe . 
  an nothing gives me that feeling more than being in a relationship ... 
  i 've been looking and looking ( and thankfully , quite a bit of `` practicing '' ) for the one where i would n't get this sudden urge to politely ask her to leave in the morning ... 
  i like my mornings alone ... and i fucking love this freedom !, 
  but lately , i 've been thinking ... 
  there must be some people , for whom relationships are a thing to be avoided ... an i could be one of them !!!, 
  do n't get me wrong ... 
  i love women , hehe ... 
  i even enjoy `` cuddling '' , i like the gentleness of it !, 
  but why do i have to give her this promise i will be hers and we will have a relationship and a shitload of compromising ( just so we do n't kill each other , because we ca n't just leave ! ), 
  and then we could cuddle like this all the time !, 
  why ca n't i enjoy this moment for the moment , not having my joy dependant on the promise it will last for years . 
  and in my experience , the joy stops quite fast , when commited . 
  the commited take it more for granted ... become even more insecure and with a sense of entitelment to bitch about stupid shit !, 
  why do i live in a society , where only now , at 25 , have i come up with the idea , i do n't want a relationship !, 
  in the long run !, 
  seriouslly ... 
  think of all the cool things a single man can do !, 
  how many hours , and days , and years you save , if you do n't commit and have a family !, 
  time you can never spend again !, 
  how much less a guy worries in life , if he does n't have a family to feed !, 
  i 'll get through anything alone ... 
  but if i have to support a family while doing it ... not so easy any more !, 
  an for all the human contact i need , i have many friends , a few icredibly good friends , a few women in my life ... why would i want to commit ?!, 
  i 'm an ent ... quite high and ranty i feel !, 
  i love cooking so i very rarely eat out , but i spend waaay too much money on food.this is the hardest subject for me . 
  i love italian food and it costs money to get real buffalo mozzarela or quality olive oil ( for example ) . 
  and they really do make a huge difference . 
  where is the line you think frugal becomes cheap when it comes to cooking ? 
  any advice ? 
  i 'm mostly a video consumer ... 
  text is ok , but i prefer video . 
  what are the best videos on personal finance , saving , investing ...
