  we have streingth in this new communication tool , the webs , and it allows us to gather with smart people and exchange information and views . 
  their streingth is that they know wich tools we use and were we talk . 
  that 's why they have to go after tweeter . 
  the most tech-savy and most well informed opinion leaders are on tweeter , and follow wl . 
  the most `` activist '' among us post link relating to wl on our fb profiles !, 
  just because you are reading post i 'm just writing this makes you waaaay more interesting to them than the vast majority of your schoolmates . 
  they are after you . 
  after me . 
  after us . 
  and they know where to look to find us !, 
  with that said , i still think there is power in numbers . 
  they ca n't arrest everybody , and they ca n't find out everything . 
  but i am absolutely sure they will at least try to do it in some extent , the media will be filled with stories who was arrested and what exactly they did wrong ... and it will gradually be more accepted to arrest someone for being interested in wl . 
  kind of as saying that communism is n't pure evil during the cold war . 
  you know that saying ... 
  first they came for the jews ... 
  i said nothing, 
  than they came for the ( insert ... ) and i did nothing . 
  than they came for me , and there was noone left to do anything about it . 
  i 've just finnished watching manufacturing consent , that 's where i got the anti-communist hunt reference from . 
  there are just too many examples to even start . 
  niether of us is old enough to remember those times ( probably were n't even born by then ) ... just search arround a bit , it shoudl n't be too dificult to find tons of examples ... 
  but that 's completely besides the point . 
  a more current example would be : how many times has the us invasion on iraq have been called an invasion ? 
  in the months after the 9/11 there would be no way to get in the media and say a thing like that without being ridiculed ... have your job be at stake and so on ... 
  but the real poi n't i 'm trying to make ( i 'm also an ent . . sorry for the unstructured response ) is that we select ourselves from the safe waters of averageness . 
  by subrscribing to the wikileaks subreddit , you have made an action ... 
  i never said everybody reading this subredit will be arrested , but we narrowed it down pretty good for them . 
  some may be . 
  but i think they are watching . 
  it would be stupid of them if they werent . 
  it really is n't a conspiracy theory to acknowledge that what sites we visit , what we write , and who we read on the net ... is all being recorded in some way or another . 
  does this mean i think there is a datacenter somewhere that analizes data in real time ? 
  but it 's completely possible to datamine the data if you have the hardware and knowhow , when you know exactly what you are looking for . 
  if you use some keywords alot in emails ( like bomb , stuff like that i presume ) you will get at least recorded if not looked at . 
  that is why we need thor and encription and stuff like that . 
  i also do n't feel threatened by this because of the `` sheer numbers '' . 
  and also because of the fact i 'm from europe . 
  but i do n't think i am paranoid to think that by searching for wikileaks , writing about wikileaks , discussing wikileaks ... 
  i 've made myself be seen . 
  i 'm not actually even worried about my privacy , let alone paranoid . 
  i just kind of let it go . 
  i am who i am , i think what i think ... 
  i will say what i think and i do n't do anything illegal ( aside from smoking my favorite plant ) . 
  i 'm not in any danger at all ... 
  what i 'm worried about is people calling people paranoid when they let their concerns be known ... that 's one of the most effective ways to marginalize a philosophical standpoint : just say it 's paranoid or extremist or ... and that viewpoint will not be taken seriously , especially if it really differs from the general consensus about it . 
  it used to be extremist to talk about climate change ... 
  it used to be extremist to say women should vote ... 
  it used to be extremist to say nazism is no good in the nazi germany ... 
  i think it all starts with the human need to be in a society ... first it 's a family , then your peers ( at school ) than your tribe ( city , football gang , goth subculture ) ... 
  it used to be completely enough to identify with your village ... 
  but advances in transportation allowed people to realise the world does n't end at their fence ... 
  but i do n't think that nationality is nearly as important as it used to be ( outised of a situation when your nationality is being opressed ... that brings people together ) . 
  well ... 
  i 'm from europe . 
  this defines me waaay more than being from slovenia . 
  i actually feel you guys are more of a tribe for me than the majority of my fellow slovenes ... 
  with the soccer team i was just trying to make a point of how much we really feel the need to belong . 
  in my teenage years i used to be a punk . 
  even then i found it funny how many rules there are to rebell agains rules . 
  what you wear , what you drink , what bands you like ... 
  in general , i think ... we just like rules . 
  it makes a playingfield to belong somewhere and more importantly , to keep score of your reputation and success . 
  think of karmawhoring on reddit . 
  i bet reddit would not be as successful if it werent for this wonderful system of becoming a respected member of a society ... 
  it 's the same with online games where you can `` compete '' with others ... and get badges , tokens , whatever for being extreme at it ( playing for god nows how many hour a day ... 
  the only thing that i am on the active lookout for when building my personal identity is that i come from the slavic people ( the only thing in relation to your question ) and even that is because i kind of like history and the knowledge of how manty shit my ancestors had to go through to get me here ... 
  i only had the time to quickly scan the article , so i may have missed a hidden point ... 
  but, 
  i just ca n't take it seriously if this comparison is included :, 
  the us nationalism :, 
  based on universalistic ideals, 
  ( democracy , rule of law , free, 
  marketplace ) and institutions, 
  ( separation of powers ), 
  product of grass-roots, 
  voluntarism ; values and, 
  rituals are willingly embraced, 
  not artificially indoctrinated, 
  triumphalist ; derives its, 
  meaning from victories in, 
  peace and war, 
  forward looking , with a short, 
  collective memory and, 
  missionary spirit, 
  based on ethnicity , religion ,, 
  language , and geography, 
  fostered by government elites, 
  and promoted by the apparatus, 
  of the state ( police , military ,, 
  state-run media ), 
  other nationalisms :, 
  based on ethnicity , religion ,, 
  language , and geography, 
  fostered by government elites, 
  and promoted by the apparatus, 
  of the state ( police , military ,, 
  state-run media ), 
  aggrieved ; often derives its, 
  meaning from national,
