  i went there to live , and i did !, 
  now about the comfort ... 
  it 's as comfortable as your gear !, 
  i bought a brooks b17 saddle , had two sleeping pads , two sleeping bags ( i bought one on the way because it was a bit colder than i thought spain would be in october ) , alot of clothes , so i was almost never wet !, 
  about the comfort on the road ( wich i just realised you were actually asking about anyway ... sorry ) it 's incredible !, 
  the road shoulder is ridiculously wide most of the time , cars and trucks never felt threatening !, 
  it was even better when i got some experience ... 
  i learnt that taking multiple and very obvious glances at my rear view mirror when i felt a car was coming that could drive too close usually sent a very good message : `` i see you and am a bit nervous about your driving '' and it was smooth sailing !, 
  there were a few idiots , of course ... but i have this theory : 99 % of the drivers who notice a fully loaded cyclist will react by giving you more than enough space to feel comfortable . 
  and there is that 1 % who notice you so intensely , that they actually swerve towards you because of that `` you go where you look '' thing . 
  i know it has happened to me more than a few times behind the wheel !, 
  ( not with cyclists , but anyway ... ), 
  but one major thing about touring in spain is : speak at least a bit of the language !, 
  my only other language is english , do n't speak a word of spanish and conversations often ended in pantomime . 
  but ... it 's all part of the experience !, 
  there was only one ... 
  initially i thought i would follow the camino de santiago from logrono to leon , but i did n't like it at all ... 
  if i were to go all the way to leon and then south , i would avoid any bigger climbs , but since i turned south in burgos already , i had to cross the mountains that surround madrid ... 
  at the top some friendly locals told me the road i was going to descend on is actually the route of a really famous race where contador is in a class of his own ... 
  i took a whole day to get to the top , with many , many rests and view-appretiation-stops . 
  i found a brilliant camping spot with an amazing view , but the best part was the descent the following morning !, 
  now that 's a way to start your day !, 
  have you considered thorn cycles ? 
  and this is exactly why most people do n't like the majority of american tourists . 
  respecting and not criticizing are not the same thing . 
  if you go to an islamist country where bare skin is shocking , do n't be an idiot . 
  sure , criticize it , have your opinion about it ... 
  but respect that you are in a different culture and cover whatever they seem to think should be covered !, 
  your opinion is not as important as you think and your culture is definatelly not as good as you seem to think . 
  * edit : philosopher slavoj \u017di\u017eek on laibach http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1bzl8scvyva, 
  by far the best example of philosophy in music is a band from my home country slovenia . 
  if you judge a band by the fear their ideas invoked , there is little competition to laibach . 
  an example :, 
  this is an interview on slovenian tv ( with eng subtitles ) . 
  it was recorded in 1984 , 4 years after marshall tito died and the socialist yugoslavia was anything but stable . 
  i ca n't imagine the balls these guys have !, 
  they are really hard to explain . 
  in a sense they are the extreme mirror of our society , showing its totalitarian side and provoking a response from the actual totalitarian regime , which is trying to disguise itself in some `` totalitarian with a human face '' overalls . 
  the music itself might be hard to listen to , but watching a documentary about them should n't be that painful , 
  here is a pretty good documentary on them . 
  it 's in slovene but with english subtitles . 
  but if you 're not in the mood of spending that much time on laibach , here are a few songs ( with fucking awesome videos , imho ) :, 
  lisbon to amsterdam sounds fantastic !, 
  i ca n't recommend logrono enough , i loved it !, 
  the people are great and nightlife is perfect for my taste !, 
  about the camino ... 
  it really is crowded . 
  you have to keep in mind that you are faster than the people walking the camino so you meet even more people !, 
  it 's `` buen camino !!! '', 
  every 2 minutes !, 
  and in my experience , the hikers kind of look down on cyclists , because it 's kind of cheating ... and when i tried to explain i 'm not even going to santiago , i 'm on my own path ... they disliked it even more !, 
  the feeling i got was some massive , commercialized pseudo spiritual path people take to be alone but end up almost walking in a line . 
  it seems a bit stupid to me , to be honest . 
  it 's like visiting a city with a tourist agency ... you may be there and see all the things , but it does n't compare to true travelling and sicovering . 
  it 's just an easy , instant solution if you want to go on a journey . 
  about the amenities , there are hostelt for pilgrims along the way but you have to have a document to use them ... 
  some churh booklet or something . 
  i did n't have it and was not welcome in them ( i actually wanted to experience staying in an albergue , but ... was not welcome . 
  how very christian of them ) . 
  if i understand correctly you would be doing the reverse camino and i 'm not sure you can get that church booklet for that ... oh , and the prices are quite high on the camino . 
  i do n't know how much the albergues are , but menu del pelegrino is at least 10eur in restaurants along the way . 
  but you do get a very full plate with two main courses . 
  oh , and how many people will be there depends on the time of the year too , october ( when i was there ) is not the busiest month by far and it still felt overcrowded to me . 
  but i very much enjoy solitude , so your experience my be completely different . 
  there are quite a few cyclists on the camino too , but i 've only seen very lightly loaded mountain bikes . 
  some of the paths are quite rough , but there is always the choice of taking the road !, 
  you !, 
  i like you !, 
  ( i 'm alway really happy when someone knows laibach . 
  they 're not nearly as popular in slovenia ( mine and theirs home country ) as they are outside ! ), 
  probably a typo ... but if you 're only on the road for two days , it should n't be that much of a problem !, 
  ( i 'm too lazy to look up where denver and cincinnati are ) . 
  in my experience the most cruical part of stealth camping is getting to your campsite . 
  if you 're really keeping it stealthy , it 's best if nobody knows where you are and nobody notices a strange guy on a scooter with loads of gear disappearing into the forrest or something . 
  reserve at least an hour before sunset to find a campsite and just sit there until the last moment to set up camp . 
  i 've made a mistake of going quite far from one road ... setting up my tent and then discovering i 'm only a few meters from another road i did n't know existed . 
  take the time to find out if you missed any paths going by . 
  it makes a much better night if you 're not too worried . 
  oh , and i think it would be very smart to turn off the engine and push the scooter to it 's final destination . 
  and once you 're there ... sit back , listen and look !, 
  if you do n't manage it ... there is always a posibillity of just asking if you can crash on someones garden !, 
  and if all else fails , just camp wherever you can !, 
  is the weather really crappy , the sun has set , you have n't eaten in a while and there is no hope you to ask locals where you can sleep ... just say fuck it and set up camp !, 
  worst case scenario ... someone wakes you up and you have to move . 
  but i ca n't really imagine anyone doing that . 
  it has never happened to me . 
  i really like this project ... 
  it 's made for two people , but you could easily expand it, 
  well ... you could use google maps with the walking option turned on ... 
  it avoids highways, 
  came here to say this . 
  the socialist yugoslavia was n't bad for the majority of the people . 
  that 's why you have so many yugo-nostalgics . 
  but yeah . 
  yugoslavia was very lucky !, 
  i 'm among people all the time but dream about the freedom of solitude . 
  you 're being yourself in your best and worst . 
  and i 'm playing whatever part society deems appropriate for the given situation . 
  divide 165 by two and you have a completely fair solution . 
  sorry , but this guy sounds like an asshole .
