  i 've read almost everywhere that you should really look at 3p tents for a touring couple with all the gear . 
  most of touring couples ( that have wrote reviews on their hilleberg nallo ) describe it as luxuriously spaceous for two people . 
  well , at least none have called the too small or not roomy enough . 
  the hilleberg nallo 3 gt has a `` cabin space '' 220cm long and 127-160cm wide ( 127 at the feet ) . 
  the nallo 2 gt is just as long , but only 109-130cm wide . 
  the nordisk oppland 2 has also a 220cm long cabin , but it is 145cm wide , so bang smack in the middle between the nallo 2 gt and 3 gt . 
  i still have no idea if this would be wide enough , but judging by the width of the sleeping pads we will use ( 65cm wide each ) we will still have a few cm on eather side and that 's probably enough if you do n't have to have all the luggage in with you in the cabin . 
  i hope my girlfriend does n't read this part , but it also has to be said :, 
  one of the best parts of `` the tour '' is the uncertanty of where it will take us . 
  i would be stupid to pretend to be 1000 % certain she will not get fed up of the hobo lifestyle . 
  so , maaaaaaaaaybe i 'm also thinking a bit about how it would be to tour alone with the tent ( i will be buying the tent , it 's not a joint investment ) . 
  and also thank you for the `` wait for a good deal '' tip !, 
  i will definately follow this advice !, 
  one of the luxuries of buying ahead of time and being able to wait !, 
  what tent are you using now ? 
  wow . 
  damn you !, 
  ( joking !, 
  but ... realy ... damn you ! ), 
  you 've made me look up wechsel tents . 
  i was n't going to buy a tent anytime soon . 
  in a few months definitely , but only when a really good deal comes up . 
  who are these wechsel people ? 
  i do n't speak german and most of the info my quick search found is on german forums ... what 's their reputation ? 
  costumer service ? 
  any info would help greatly !, 
  the reason i 'm attacking you ( in the friendliest of manners ) is i found an apparently awesome deal !, 
  wechsel has a model outpost 2 wich seems to meet my criteria ( other than the fact that i 've just lernt about this company ) and is amazing value most places at arround 300 eur , but i found it for 190 !, 
  is this the time i end my search and bite the bullet ? 
  thank you for your reply !!, 
  yeah ... 
  the wechsel is almost 40 % off at the moment and i still have n't pulled the trigger . 
  i also know there will be other opportunities and discounts and i 'm trying to decide what is more important at the moment ... buying the tent so my gf and i can actually start practicing stealth camping ... or start properly saving as much as i possibly can , wich is quite a problem for me . 
  we will start the tour even if not all gear is perfect ... but we wo n't start the tour if we have all the gear and no money saved up . 
  ( oh and ... open ended as in probably 2 years ... but if we like a place so much that we stay there , no regrets . 
  we 're not after distance records  ), 
  god it 's hard not to buy the wechsel right now and get it over with !, 
  i 'm scared of it . 
  scared but fascinated . 
  has anyone here actually done it ? 
  i 'd reccomend differentiating between `` drizzle '' and `` the gods must hate us rain '' . 
  they are very different beasts . 
  i use a normal softshell in the vast majority of weather . 
  it 's way more breathable than a gore-tex waterproof layer . 
  for heavy rains i just add a cycling poncho . 
  in heavy heavy rain you will get wet . 
  even if you have the best technical jacket outthere , you 'll zip it up completely and restrict any ventilation it might have in `` just a drizzle '' . 
  a poncho will not let any rain through and it 's not that bad really , the whole bottom side is open so there is definately some ventilation . 
  i also love that i have something really yellow on in bad weather . 
  when it 's dark-ish and it rains , visibility is as important staying reasonably dry . 
  and that way i do n't have to have a neon jacket wich would restrict it 's use in all off-the-bike situations . 
  i host alot and have been hosting for years . 
  never had a problem !, 
  before i light my first one in their company i ask if they mind . 
  i have no problem going outside for a few minutes ( same with cigarettes ) . 
  it has happened that they asked me to just go smoke outside when they 're in the room . 
  on the other hand ... 
  i admit ... 
  i would think hard about letting the smoke sensitive couchsurfers staying at my place for more than one night . 
  it 's still my home . 
  i could hardly disagree more with your point about the speed not being a factor in choosing a bicycle . 
  you have a very specific style of riding , nothing wrong with that ... you have the option , the desire and the appretiation of speed , expensive ultralight gear and many of your choices about what gear to take are based on `` will it fit in the framebag '' and how heavy it is . 
  it 's a luxury and a niche . 
  another luxury and niche is to not care how far you go in a day , how fast , how efficient your bike is . 
  a huge luxury for me is to know that the frame can carry way more that i would ever want to haul , and i haul alot . 
  i would n't know what to do with just 50l of volume for my gear . 
  i have waaaay more in just the rear of the bike . 
  54l panniers , plus a thermarest and a tent strapped on top of the rear rack , a pair of crocks and some other bits and pieces stuffed in between the thermarest and the tent . 
  add front panniers and the biggest handlebar bag i could find to that . 
  i could definately cut major weight by having fewer clothes , a much more expensive , lighter tent , a tiny little ultralight stove but ... 
  i like having fresh ( er ) , warmer clothes with me . 
  and some clothes i can use when i 'm off the bike . 
  i always have to have and option of staying in one place and looking presentable . 
  i also love cooking a full meal and using more than one pot on my heavy trangia stove set . 
  i prefer a bigger , more comfortable tent and carry a ful repair kit for it instead of spending another 1000 eur on a sil-nylon ripstop lightweight tent . 
  actually , you know what my dream tent is ? 
  wich is like 10kg at least . 
  to each his own i guess . 
  a dynamic sitting position is by definition less comfortable . 
  i do n't care how far i go in a single day or what 's my average speed . 
  i care about how much i enjoy the day . 
  whatever you save with `` less food '' you spend several times over for lightweight gear . 
  and i do n't need to choose between sightseeing , reading and cycling . 
  if i feel like cycling , i do it . 
  if i feel like stopping , i also do that . 
  speed is the only thing i do n't care about , really . 
  and i 'm not the only one , but the vast majority of cyclist do care about speed . 
  i get that too ... 
  exactly !, 
  food is one of those thing in life that are just pure hedonism , if you allow yourself the time and appretiate it . 
  i 'd be pretty miserable at the end of the day if i thought more about the calorie intake and regeneration times when choosing what to eat . 
  my fellow slovenian is an ultralight bicycle tourer . 
  it 's a niche that would feel right at home for you . 
  and he manages to push it even further . 
  50l of gear would be completely unreasonable for him . 
  here 's what he would call an ultralight cycling setup that could get you right across the world :, 
  here 's his blog if you 're interested :, 
  i can see where you 're coming from , but still have a different opinion ... 
  see , a tentipi is really rare and specialist . 
  an equivalent in the bicycleworld would be a cargo bike or a surly ecr or something that outlandish .
