  came here to post this !, 
  good job !, 
  ever since i watched gonzo - the documentary ... 
  i fucking love this guy !, 
  a slovenian newspaper mladina is also doing it . 
  good news !, 
  good idea !!!, 
  does anyone know where i could get the original leak ? 
  thx for your reply !, 
  i tried a bit of digging arround too , but did n't find anything ... 
  i do n't understand why the traditional media do n't link to the original !, 
  it 's not that often that they can , and it is kind of the point of it !, 
  i ca n't help with the programming , so i 'm waiting for a user-friendly and popular site that would allow me to do so ... 
  when we get that , i 'll translate as many as i can to slovene, 
  that 's great !, 
  good find !, 
  911 maybe ? 
  done !, 
  also . . ther is this clip that would also be appropriate to use :, 
  damn !!!!, 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  just because a few criminals will still find ways to get guns does n't mean the majority would have them !, 
  there is a big difference !, 
  i really do n't get how people who do n't usually use philosophical arguments ( i 'm generalizing here ... sorry ) suddenly are all about philosophy when it comes to guns . 
  yes , you can defend your position , but reality is something completely else . 
  you can look at any country with `` normal '' gun laws ( yes ... 
  i think the ones that severely limit buying and carrying guns are normal ) and you will see a vast difference in murders and crimes involving guns . 
  on the other hand ... 
  there are so many guns in the us that no law would actually succeed in reducing the number to `` european '' levels . 
  so you guys are stuck with them ... 
  really ? 
  so government regulation of anything is a bad thing ? 
  you 'd rather be drunk driving 120mph in an completely unsafe car , have your kids legally buy alcohol in kindergarden , live in a house with no safety standards , because you do n't need a nanny ? 
  the one thing that gives someone else complete control over me is a gun . 
  i 'm glad they ca n't be bought by almost anyone in my country . 
  me , carrying a gun because a criminal might have one as well would n't be an excersise of being more powerful ... 
  i 'd get a gun out of fear . 
  fuck fear . 
  i 'm sorry if it has some sort of ironic cultural meaning wich americans get ... 
  i missed that completely if that is the case ... 
  did someone use it to show the ridiculousness of that mentality ? 
  i do n't want to provoke anything ( you probably have a gun , after all :p ) , i 'm genuinelly interested, 
  sorry if i came off as rude ... did n't mean to ... 
  and i never actually said or thought that every person who owns a gun is violent ... 
  i 'm just saying that arguing for avaliability of weapons out of some age old ideal about it bringing freedom and protection to our families ... 
  fact is , i never see guns in real life except on police officers . 
  shootings are extremely rare and every single one is repeated through the news for weeks !, 
  it 's an event !, 
  i do n't think people really need guns to protect themselves if they only give up the need to own a gun ... sure , we still have armed bank robberies or stuff ... that serious criminal shit ... 
  but would you risk your life in a situation like that by pulling out your little sidearm ? 
  it 's not protecting you , it 's making you a target . 
  and criminals are a bit more suspicious , if the think that you might as well have a cannon on you . 
  but we really do n't have any crackheads with guns arround . 
  and petty criminals do n't have guns . 
  there is violence , but people rarely die ... 
  just sayin ... 
  that grandma - karate kid thing ... hehe :d made me giggle , 
  i said that there is a different problem in the us . 
  you allready have lots of guns arround . 
  all over the place ... 
  but if guns are extremely rare , it 's not as difficult to control the crimes . 
  and the biggest point ... no car manufacturer has ever invested in any car safety improvements until the government made them do so . 
  your house is only safe because you live in a city wich has it 's buildings under some control . 
  houses do n't burn as fast , the fires do n't start , or more importantly , do n't spread . 
  that 's why you 're safe !, 
  because everyone arround you is subject to the same rules , and everybody benefits . 
  i 'll try to put it this way ... 
  right now , in my town , there is about 1:150:000 chance of getting a gun to my head . 
  a knife , maybe , a fistfight , maybe ... 
  but not a gun ... 
  they are hard to get , have to be smuggled into the country ... 
  but if almost anyone could get one , the probability that a criminal would use it gets muuuch higher . 
  so , if we would all of a sudden allow everybody to own a gun or fifteen , those chances would rise incredibly from 1:150.000 !, 
  the criminals would practically have to use guns , because there would be a real possibility of an armed crazy person who likes to kick it texas ranger style :d, 
  a good firend of mine actually made it a whole business model - teaching people on the job !, 
  hew was at bbc and itv for quite a while , eventually was in charge of some bbc training offered to foreigners and quickly realised that there are many media companies that ca n't afford to send their staff to the bbc for a month or so ... 
  so he went to them , to teach them on their gear , in their enviroment . 
  it was a success , 
  ( media communications student here ... 
  i feel your pain and always wandered how teachers feel . 
  good to know that there are some who know ), 
  this . 
  same for slovenia, 
  came here to post this , 
  there are systems for watering , this is n't really an issue ... 
  i 'd actually advise to go the organic soil way . 
  it will taste better , it will burn better ... 
  it 's just better . 
  and it 's nowhere near as sensitive to faliure as hydrophonics ... 
  the soil acts as a buffer for all the nutrients ... 
  if hydro fails for 4 days , you 're screwed . 
  if the plants do n't get watered for 4 days , they wo n't like it , but chances are they will survive . 
  this is the first standup debut i actually liked !, 
  great work !, 
  ca n't agree with you on this one ... 
  there is a really easy way of generaly seperating people from those who only read the nyt articles and `` get news fed to them '' or people on the lookout , who discuss them on some level . 
  the tools are new and for us redditors it 's normal to be a redditor . 
  there is no crime . 
  but in reality we are a pretty special group here . 
  and not special in a good way ( in big brothers eyes ) .
