  it is definately worth considering !, 
  and have fun on your tour !, 
  if you want disturbing scary ... a serbian film is hard to top :, 
  and his power of nightmares !!!!, 
  come to think of it . . all his documentaries are head and shoulders above any other , as far as i 'm concerned, 
  i 've watched all of them . 
  and not only once ... 
  i 'll probably get downvoted to hell but ... 
  taking a position she took required some major balls . 
  is it that unreasonable to call the americans in nam war criminals ( the brass ) ?!, 
  she was obviously very against the war ( a big plus in my book ), 
  she was a public figure who publicly expressed her opinion on the role of the us in nam, 
  i do n't know where you got that quote actually , i ca n't find a reputable source for it . 
  and there is sooo much complete bullshit in circulation about it , i wo n't believe it until proven wrong . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.truthorfiction.com/rumors/h/hanoijane.htm ) is an article from truthorfiction.com, 
  oh , and also ... 
  i do n't give a fuck about fonda 's reputation either way . 
  yeah , sure ... 
  it was her plan to make people who surrounded her happy and she was willing to say anything for it . 
  yeah . 
  for the second part of your reply ... 
  i think we actually agree ( if i understand you correctly ) !, 
  there were war crimes going on , the us was the invading force , and she was reacting in a way that made her fellow americans look bad but was actually the unpopular and moral thing to do . 
  if you let any and all criticism of the us to be labeled as anti-american , do n't be surprised if people are more and more scared of speaking out . 
  we used to open every show with this song !, 
  god i miss playing it, 
  reminded me of the [ pixar penguins ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jg5ypuygiac ), 
  juts woke up and read the title ... 
  i got a bit carried away . 
  i 'm also a broadcast audio engineer . 
  i make arround 400 eur per month . 
  feel better ? 
  that 's exactly the plan !, 
  use mytracks to record the tour and have photos in the same map !, 
  but i still have a problem with photos . 
  i have geotagging turned on and i can actually see the geotag data in the `` full details '' of the photo !, 
  but the `` location '' is still empty . 
  here 's an example :, 
  i also tried the `` share '' function on the phone with google + . 
  it still did n't recognize the coordinates in the photo but tried to get my actual current location . 
  that 's a dealbraker if i 'm only going to upload photos on wifi connections . 
  all the photos from the day would have that evening 's location . 
  i can see how i would manually select a location in picasa , but i do n't want to do that for every single photo . 
  for some reason picasa shows the coordinates in `` full details '' page of the photo , but the location is still empy and waiting for my manual input . 
  an apology ... 
  i 've just realised that i 've been testing different options on the photo i posted as an exaple of it not working ... well , i 've found a way of copy/pasting the geotag data from the `` full details '' page to the `` add location '' option in picasa . 
  and it worked !, 
  it 's just a pain in the ass and i 'm sure there are easier options to do it . 
  i do n't even know if you guys can see the `` full details '' , but here is another example of geotag data being recorded but not used to `` add location '', 
  thank you for your help !, 
  but i will not have my camera with me , i 'll only use the camera on the mobile phone . 
  in theory , it should be even easier !, 
  but for some reason ... 
  brilliant !, 
  hope it works, 
  thank you !, 
  so i 'm not the only idiot with this problem ? 
  i feel a bit better now . 
  ca n't wait to try the app !, 
  do you plan on taking photos with your phone or a seperate camera ? 
  there are may apps for geotagging photos you took with your dslr . 
  but i think you have to do it manually , at least to some degree . 
  i just ca n't understand why it is n't completely automatic when i take a photo with my phone , with gps turned on ... oh well ... 
  how do you like the gear hub ? 
  i drool over rohloffs but because of the price i have to look in the shimano direction too ... 
  do you ever wish you had the 11 gear hub or do the 8 take care of everything ? 
  i 'm in the same position as you ... and i 'm seriously looking at this :, 
  you 're thinking about western world only . 
  think china , stans , india ... 
  i would definately want a bike capable of some offroad if i went on a tour like this, 
  the best `` fixed angle '' option , imho , is the edgepro, 
  now for the `` more than a month of sharpness '' part ... by far the best advice i can give you is to form a habit of honing the knife right before every use . 
  if you do n't abuse your knives there should be no need to sharpen them every month . 
  * edit, 
  here is a review of the edgepro by a guy who is pretty serious about his sharpening, 
  i 'm going on my first tour on friday and here 's what i came up with :, 
  - additional usb battery ( should keep me powered for 2-3 days with gps turned on ), 
  - android phone, 
  - orux maps ( by far the best choice if you 're looking for offline maps , gps tracker ... you can set the timing for gps locationing . 
  it has an optioon of 30 and 60 minutes too . 
  this saves a massive ammount of battery life , if you do n't have an external usb one ) . . 
  i think i 'll choose a much shorter interval ( 5 minutes maybe ) . 
  i want to have my photos geotagged too, 
  i have an abus lock that can be bolted on the bottle cage brackets ... http://www.abus-bordo.com/index_en.html, 
  it really benefits because of the lower center of gravity ( i love the lock ), 
  surly would be up to the task , no doubt ... 
  but they are extremely popular ( with good reason , i 'm sure ! ), 
  but i would really like to stick with straight bars . 
  and i would like the frame to be designed with straight bars in mind . 
  also , my budget for the frame + fork is about 1000 eur so i 'm really looking at some more exclusive options ( velotraum is just sooooo sexy ! ), 
  even with drop bars ... that is one sexy frame !, 
  oh i 've had my eye on a galaxy for a while now !, 
  it does have drop bars only , but i 'm well aware of the reputation !, 
  but i 'm really looking for a more mountain bike based tourer , with a frame designed for straight bars ... 
  i was incredibly lucky when i bought a second-hand trekking marin for 150eur a few months ago ( it is my very first bicycle , bought 3 weeks before a month-long tour across spain ) . 
  for 1000 eur i could get a decent bicycle , but what i 'm after is a bit above `` just decent '' . 
  the bikes i 'm drooling over are arround 3k eur ready-built , so going frame-only is the only option . 
  i also love tinkering with bicycles and have all the expert support i could ever need a phone call away , and i 'm prepared to replace a few parts from the marin when transfering them to the tourer ... 
  also , it is way easier for me to slowly buy piece by piece in a timeframe that i can afford than couging up all the money at once, 
  i 've been looking at surly for a long time ...
