  travellers are there for the unexpected things that happen along the way . 
  that 's a terrible definition , sorry . 
  but i really was n't comparing you to tourists who go on a bus and are taken from point a to point b. 
  i 'll try it this way . 
  my goal is far away from being able to say : `` i cycled the sahara '' ! . 
  my goal is to not be able to explain the point of my journey with a single sentance but to have to write a book to capture what i lived through on tour . 
  i think easier to use means more stable because of the geometry that is meant to have 20-40kg of gear strapped on , both front and rear . 
  it makes for a much much more stable ride . 
  more stable is easier to use . 
  and comfort ... touring bikes usually just throw away and consideration about wind resistance , they are meant to have loads of panniers strapped to them after all , a back-busting sporty position would be silly . 
  comfort and the ability to naturally look more forward than on a lower geometry make for a waay more scenic ride . 
  dude ... how can you be surprised your choices are not what the majority of tourers would make ... 
  if you mostly discard andything ment for an average bicycle tourer as unsuitable . 
  ok , i get it , you like to go fast , do n't care about comfort , and are `` collecting '' countries . 
  i 'd rather do it differently . 
  i also have a feeling you have a goal of reaching the most replies to your postl and not have a good discussion about frame materials . 
  otherwise you would not pretend to be completely blind to the desires and needs of 80 % of bicycle tourers who do n't take it as an enurance test or collecting flags . 
  i 'm sure ... but my stories have way fewer parts about suffering and overcoming my limits . 
  and they have more parts about the people i met and meals i had and abandoned castles i lost myself in for hours and long mornings in some vineyard with a beautiful view when i first made coffee , than breakfast ... and than prepared some snacks for the day ... and it took me 4 hours . 
  oh , for me ... it 's torture !, 
  i like my weight low ( not lightweight , low center of gravity ) and need great ventilation to feel comfortable . 
  a backpack leaves me with a sweaty back and a pain in the shoulders after a few hours . 
  no way i 'm doing that again . 
  man , on what world do you get the same ammount of space in framebags as with pannier bags ? 
  i ca n't fit half my gear in frame bags . 
  you obviously take way less with you and opt for expensive ultralight gear , but most people take more with tham than you . 
  just repeating it 's the same thing because you would only use 2 rear panniers instead of 4 ( and you consider 4 to be an extrem ... 
  even 4 panniers plus a trailer are not exteme . 
  a cargobike with a huge trailer would be exterme . 
  4 panniers are what most people tour with ) . 
  and you completely forget about the handling of the bike . 
  a touring bike will handle better with weight strapped to it than a road bike . 
  you can have some weight in front of the bike wich makes a world of difference in my comfidence with the stability of the bike . 
  most people feel like a well ballanced bike is better . 
  it is true that framebag put the gear in an ideal place , but there is just so little space i would n't even fit all my clothes in !, 
  i honestly do n't get what you ca n't understand . 
  `` argh , we are heading for a major misunderstanding here . 
  i 'd get nothing from just riling up people to disagree with me , to get more replies here . 
  if i 'd look for people to click on links to get ad revenue , that behaviour would make sense , but this is truly and honestly just me trying to figure out why people love these over-the-top touring bikes so much . '', 
  i did n't think it was about the money or ads or clickbait or anything like that . 
  i got a feeling that it 's just something you strive for , even in this thread you said it : `` most of my answers in this thread are calculated to keep a discussion going btw . 
   '' it may be another silly achievement to pursue , do n't know why , but people do weird things like braking records for touring the world with a bike ... 
  and now to the content of your reply ... ca n't you understand that bicycle touring is not a sport ? 
  and that it 's not a competition ? 
  what you 're doing is extreme long distance racing ( agains yourself perhaps , but it is racing ) , just not on the level anyone would really notice , so you call it bicycle touring and wonder why almost everybody else does it differently . 
  i 've met jure robi\u010d many times , talked to him for a few hours when i did an interview with him ( you mentioned raam , i 'm sure you know all about the guy ) . 
  he would n't dream of comparing his sport to bicycle touring of a 40-50 year old couple through the french countryside . 
  sorry , but you really hit a nerve . 
  i feel most of cycling is already swimming in all the marketing bullshit , you have to have a 124g lighter frame if you want to be really fast as those guys on tdf are . 
  or an insane mountainbike if you ever dream of riding through a forrest . 
  sacrifice everything for performance . 
  it 's a dog eat dog world out there on two wheels and you have to shed every gram you do n't need to survive !!!, 
  please ... everybody know adventure races . 
  but most people do n't want to ride them . 
  i 'm not giving up on you !, 
  you ride a road bike for touring . 
  most people ride touring bikes for touring ( most of the ones who are serious about touring and can justify the cost/benefit ratio ) . 
  if anybody would ask me if i would reccomend touring on a carbon road bike would be : no . 
  i would not reccomend it . 
  - the seating position is more torwards the racing position than comfort , comfort is important than speed if you do n't enjoy pain, 
  - you will have to leave so much usefull/warm/studry / reliable gear at home that you would n't have to if you had just a trekking bike with panniers . 
  i understand you have more of a problem with people who have 30kg strapped to their bikes than with the bikes itself . 
  but please , try to understand many people are willing to sacrifice much less for added and faster kilometers at the end of the day than you are.you are the extremist , you are the `` weird '' one . 
  and i normally really like extremist and weird people . 
  just not when they try to convince everybody who does it differently that they are wrong for bringing 30kg of gear with them . 
  that it 's stupid and it makes it harder for them to reach your goals . 
  you just do it differently . 
  you would have no use for a steel bombproof frame at all , you only take a few kg of gear with you . 
  my clothes weigh more than your complete pack . 
  probably only my cooking gear weighs more . 
  and definately my tent and sleeping system weighs more than your complete setup . 
  who is wrong ? 
  who is comfortable and warm and happy with their meal ? 
  i am . 
  that 's what matters to me . 
  and just for the sake of the argument ... 
  the greatest raam cyclist in history ( most wins in the solo category ) was jealous of my stories from cycling through spain . 
  he said he could n't just enjoy the ride without pushing himself and he wished he could ride for pleasure with all the time in the world . 
  even he could understand , and he understood the `` as fast as possible no matter what '' better than almost anybody . 
  yeah ... 
  i 'm looking for a high quality one , but there is not really that much to choose from . 
  or maybe i will finally pull the trigger on the jones h-bar . 
  almost the same usability as a butterfly bar but much stiffer ... 
  i have to pay to cycle . 
  that 's why i want to enjoy it . 
  but really , i 'd love to hear your stories , will read through your page , your adventures also sound awesome !, 
  just ca n't get over the fact that you feel like everybody with 30kg of gear is `` doing it wrong '' and as if having 4 panniers is just as extreme as what you are doing . 
  4 panniers is normal and has many advantages . 
  a relaxed bicycle geometry with longer chainstays and a longer wheelbase is also beneficial to riding stability . 
  touring on a carbon racing bicycle is more unusual and extreme than 4 panniers , wich is actually prevalent in the touring world . 
  again ( god damn it !!!! ), 
  i would sign under your reccomendation for people to just use their bikes and try it out . 
  but `` do n't worry about money '' is a pretty ... khm ... arrogant thing to say since most people have to worry about money and buying something new on the road because they did n't take it from home is an extremely expensive proposition . 
  plus , you have to actually have space for the thing you need but did n't think of before ( bye-bye framebags ) . 
  but again you seem to only take into account if you can ride a road bike on the surface , the road bike is enough . 
  it is not . 
  it has major drawback i 've mentioned numerous times . 
  way less space to put your things . 
  not designed to carry the weight an average bicycle tourer would carry . 
  completely the wrong geometry .
