  i 've already put led lightbulbs in my apartment but still want to lower my electricity bill ... 
  the next thing in line would be my computer ... 
  i i 'll buy a led lcd , but ca n't decide on what other hardware to use ... 
  this is n't so much about saving money as it is about testing how low my e bill could be ... 
  to see if it would be possible to go off the grid , i 'd like to find out how much electricity i 'd actually need . 
  and a computer , for me ... is a need . 
  what kind of system could i put together so that all my web browsing , movie watching , music listening needs would be met , but still use the least power possible ? 
  i do n't play games , but ram could be an issue ( i 'm an ent that discovered clicking the mouse wheel will open the link in a new tab ... in the backgroud . 
  i often feel like everything is interesting and have a shit load of tabs open , quite a few of them possibly loading long youtube videos ... ) . 
  also , i have 2 hard drives where i have all the movies and music ... 
  so a netbook or a nettop probably would n't work since external drives probably are n't as efficient as they could be . 
  does anyone have any suggestions ? 
  i 'm amazed by aquaponics and am in overdrive researching the whole subject ... 
  but ca n't seem to find any lists of what plants are suitable for aquaponics ... 
  wish ones do best in the conditions ? 
  hi there entland ... 
  i 'm in the middle of one of those moments at about a [ 8 ] when everything seems so clear ... and i ca n't figure out how much is reality and how much is just being at a [ 8 ] ... 
  anyways , i think this could be a good one ... 
  i 'm amazed with aquaponics ... hydroponics might be more your thing ... but aquaponics is nothing else than feeding your plants in a hydro setup with fish-poo ... and you get to keep the fish too !, 
  you can read all about it on wikipedia and there are loads of people testing these systems with good results ... ca n't post links ... would loose train of thought ... 
  anyways , the thing is , you can put a system like that fucking anywhere !, 
  and it will produce fresh veggies and the freshest fish possible in a closed symbiosis !, 
  you can do it in the fucking desert !, 
  grow fish there !, 
  and veggies !, 
  i get excited . 
  anyways i though of this :, 
  start a not-for-profit company, 
  first test the system and hire a biologist or something ... 
  make a brand for this most bio-eco-futuristic food ( veggies and fish ), 
  sell systems and knowhow to people who want a system like that ( possible costumers : home growers , urban growers , commercial growers , hospitals , universities , schools even companies like google could set up a system like this on their roofs or something and make sure the talent eats healthy food ! ), 
  because the hardware alone is very cheap ... charge every paying costumer double for it and set one up in africa or in famine-ridden areas ( but let the costumers use the brand ... ), 
  spend the money got from consulting and charity to hire biologists to go to these places , set up the system , stay there for a year or so and teach the people there how to use it . 
  the oldest vine in the world is just a few meters from where i live . 
  i got high with a friend and we got to thinking there are probably a few ridiculously rich people who would pay good money to have a leaf of the oldest vine in the world in their wine cellars ... 
  but hey , why not just give it away !, 
  so , anyone interested ? 
  i know i ca n't compare to most of you guys with uni debt and credit cards ( never had one ) , but i was still in debt allover the place . 
  friends , family and mostly bills bills bills . 
  and 20 minutes ago , i paid them all back !, 
  it 's such a liberating feeling i ca n't describe it !, 
  if oly there was a drug that made you feel this good ... ( then again , i 'm happy there is no such a pill ), 
  all the anxiety lifted ... 
  i fell like running and screaming !, 
  the facts i have to work with :, 
  the room is about 5m x 5m with 3m ceilings . 
  i also sleep and live in the room . 
  no other option at this point , but it 's a start . 
  i also have to incorporate some kind of a sound booth for voice overs . 
  oh and a teleprompter is a must . 
  the screen should be big enough so a normally proportioned person could stand in front of it and get a good waist-line portrait ( i do n't know what the correct term is ) , which i think is about 2,5 m wide and 1,6 m high ... am i wrong ? 
  i 've tried to read as much as possible , and tried to come up with the most perfect solution i could think of , and here it is :, 
  [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/a/kgs5s#1w3gj ) is the green screen and it 's lighting . 
  the lights are t5s and additionally softened through a matte plexi glass ( see [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/a/kgs5s#oc5yc ) pic for details ) . 
  what wattage should i get to evenly light this screen ? 
  there are two reasons for a design like this ... first is that because the screen is so well lit and the light does n't spill on the subject , the subject can be closer to the screen ( space limitations ) . 
  the second reason is that [ behind the green screen ] ( http://imgur.com/a/kgs5s#bzrtu ) there is 10cm thick rock wool ( 80kg/m3 ) for the sound booth purpose . 
  and it needs a structure to hold it in place . 
  would this set-up allow me to film professional-looking chroma key videos ? 
  additionally , if anyone is interested , the rest of the planned set-up is the [ computer , camera + teleprompter , microphone stand , vocal booth ] ( http://imgur.com/a/kgs5s#8clse ) element . 
  and the [ storage vocal booth !, 
  [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/a/kgs5s#9n8qt ) is how it looks together . 
  [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/a/kgs5s#fmyyr ) is how it is set up for sound recording . 
  and [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/a/kgs5s#xgijf ) is how it is set up for chroma key recording . 
  i 've never done anything like this and i must have forgotten about many important things ... 
  i 'll be grateful to anyone who can point one and help me save time and trouble in the long run ... 
  i 'm not sure if there is n't something like that out there ... 
  i just know that i have to ask you guys to make sure nice paceful people will chime in . 
  the frustration was how the protests are being portrayed . 
  i even caught myself amazed when one news piece was n't portraying the protests as a bunch of hippie hobby revolutionaries . 
  i was amazed one was n't !, 
  anyway , let 's crowdsource a press kit of some sorts , so that people who actually go there will have something reasonable to say !, 
  what we need right now is showing that it 's the normal , thoughtful , even otherwise non-political people that are upset and they actually have an elequent answer to reporters ' questions ... 
  what do you think ? 
  tl/dr : let 's put together a list of things one could say , if he finds himself at the protests and infront of a camera and a microphone . 
  we all know we could use a little preparation and even if really smart , ca n't really do it from the top of our heads as good we wish we would ... 
  the media are not going to do it for us ... 
  docm 's for life ? 
  or the uk made original version ? 
  or any of the other companies still making those boots ? 
  i 'm not a lawyer myself , i 'm not even from the us , so i have no practical knowledge . 
  but would n't a presence of a lawyer be a really good thing ? 
  when watching videos of people being arrested , i think it would make a huge difference if there was someone with a licence asking the right and difficult questions and demanding answers from the police ... 
  this guy ... wow ... 
  anyways !, 
  he also does n't blink !, 
  how is this possible ?!, 
  and a bonus ent question ... does he ( or people with that hypothetical condition ) blink when he sneezes ? 
  i 'm a bit overwhelmed at the moment . 
  i 'm getting away from the media business and want to change the path of my life . 
  the plan is to have a relatively small garden ;, 
  100m2 of growbeds , 4x 3000l fish tanks, 
  in a geodesic dome, 
  why such a small garden ? 
  i want it small enough so that one worker can keep it running and because my main selling point will be that not a drop of oil was used for the salad that the costumer will have on his/her table , it will be delivered by a tricycle ( with quite a bit of cargo space ) . 
  the business model is a bit funny . 
  i wo n't really be selling vegetables and fish , but renting out parts of the garden . 
  it will be in the biggest city in my country ( slovenia ) and people will rent `` holes '' per month , having their produce delivered when they decide . 
  it will be much easier to rent out a smaller garden and it keeps the `` radius '' of delivery to a normal level so that i will be able to do the delivery by the cargo bicycle . 
  but one thing is for sure , i 'm not a biologyst , i do n't have any experience in producing food , so any advice will be worth its weight in gold if it saves me trouble down the road .
