  hehehe , til !, 
  and just to make my mistake more special ... lake in slovenian is `` jezero '', 
  there !, 
  double til !, 
  the moment i learnt she posted the same fucking photo on a throwaway and on her personal profile , i thought this exact thing . 
  it was her mistake ... wait ... not even a mistake . 
  she explained she kind of `` tried '' if nobody would make the connection and even felt more reassured after 200 upvotes !, 
  why this surprised me was because she went out of her way to point you out . 
  she sent many a bad vibe your way man , even from me ( until i learnt what she did ) for pointing out her mistake wich was bount to happen . 
  you 're cool zombiemode, 
  nobody does a heist like that without a known buyer . 
  i absolutely love adam curtis !, 
  for some reason his documentaries are pretty hard to follow properly , but if you take the time and put in the effort ( and re-watch ) your mind will be blown !, 
  [ jovanotti - penso positivo ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pc9tgxm9bmm&amp;feature=related ), 
  i love it !, 
  that is the closest style to what i 'm looking for i 've ever seen !, 
  but !, 
  by regular you mean big and no insulated very well . 
  if you only have to heat a really small place and it 's even properly insulated , you 'll savings will be huge !, 
  and you spend less money on stupid shit because there is not much room for stupid shit . 
  it 's enough and for me at least , enough is better than too much . 
  i love smolar and know a few of his songs by heart ... 
  but i know every single one by mlakar !, 
  i know he 's generally considered as a brilliant author but it 's still nice to see another fan . 
  same idea but much better execution imho, 
  happy cake day , engineer with whom i agree !, 
  i 'm also an ent ... so it may be that ... 
  but i really see the dissapointment in life in the eyes of the mummy cat ... the reason why is also apparent . 
  wow , you guys are amazing !, 
  thank you so much !, 
  stoics are absolutely vital for my subject , but in a different way . 
  it is one of the first things that come to mind when thinking about voluntary simplicity , but it answers a different question , i think . 
  the rough outline of `` journey '' throguh the subject is : we would all like to be rich . 
  we already are rich but we do n't know it . 
  those who know they have enoguh are rich . 
  i would like to find out if the `` we are already rich '' statment is correct , so first i must find out how much is enough . 
  how much consumption is really enough for a free life . 
  if i understand stoicism correctly it is much more a rejection of consumption and i think most people would find that extremist . 
  the question : how much is enough ? 
  should never be extremist . 
  especially since it is not asking how much is enough to survive , but how much is enough to live this life in the level of comfort and freedom we truly feel is enough . 
  in a sense , actually , i think this partial rejection or ... to put it differently ... being very concious about ones consumption but not rejecting it is even more perverse in our society . 
  i think people can manage a freak or two living in a tree house somewhere , but for a normal person to ever come to a point to say : this much stuff is absolutely enough ... 
  it may freak people out even more than the crazy dude living is eco solitude . 
  it really is funny how anticonsumerism can become just another object of consumption . 
  but i really do n't think it is a bad thing to base some of ones identity on concious consumption . 
  if someone really decides to follow his findings that he values free time more than the current way of life and chooses an alternative lifestyle , wich offers him more free time , i see no advantage in hiding this fact . 
  and , in fact , trying to `` lift '' ones identity above taking care of ones basic needs . 
  they are basic as is basic the way in we take care of them . 
  i 'm rabmling and porobably usind all the wrong terminology ( never really studied philosophy seriously ) . 
  but , what do you think ? 
  brilliant !, 
  thank you !, 
  added to the list !, 
  were n't thoreau and emerson connected in some way ? 
  or even friends ? 
  i ` lll definately take a look at it !, 
  thank you !, 
  yes ! \u00a8 i completely forgot about adorno !, 
  i 'll take a look at neil postman too , sounds interesting !, 
  awesome set up !, 
  beautiful room , but unfortunately those huge reflective surfaces ( desk ) must take a tool sound quality wise ... 
  how does the room sound ? 
  what material did you use for the absorbers ? 
  try putting a blanket or something on the desk , just to see how it sounds . 
  if it sounds `` dry '' you have a biger reflection problem than you think !, 
  also , 16 absorbers is just perfect for a room this size , but i 'm sure you could really use 4 superchunk absorbers in the corners . 
  puttin absorption in the corner maximizes the effect of the absorber ( for low frequencies ) . 
  but yeah , that 's just the amateur acustician in me ... 
  really nice room !, 
  wooohooo !, 
  you 're all set !, 
  congratulations for your beautiful studio !, 
  do n't know if i like selma or the song more ... 
  actually ... 
  i like the song more !, 
  ba far ... and i mean far the worst movie i 've ever seen . 
  i like scary/disturbing movies but i really wish i had n't seen this one . 
  i got here through random ... 
  did n't really pay attention to the name of the subreddit ... 
  but if you like scary movies ... or ... not scarry ... sick in a way you did n't think it was possible ( and probably see the reality of war ) , i highly reccomend the movie, 
  the writeup ? 
  is that the description of the movie ? 
  the plot outline ? 
  sorry , i just hit my language barrier apparently . 
  but really . 
  if you like fucked up horror movies , do n't miss this one . 
  check out the wiki article on it ... the reactions alone made me want to see it ( but like i said ... 
  i wish i actually had n't seen it . ), 
  from wikipedia, 
  for a year and a day , erazem was besieged in his fortress . 
  but , much to the dismay of his adversaries , he continued to survive and taunt the attacking soldiers by pelting them with cherries . 
  they could n't figure out how he was getting his supplies . 
  as far as they knew , there was only one way in and out of the valley , and the castle . 
  but the cunning knight knew better . 
  unbeknownst to the soldiers , erazem knew of a secret tunnel leading from the castle , which allowed him to travel to the nearby village of vipava and collect supplies , including hoards of fresh cherries when the season was ripe . 
  but it seemed that the soldiers were to have the last laugh . 
  with the strategic placement of a small signal flag , a servant of erazem was bribed to reveal when his master was in attendance at that place where the elusive knight and even the noblest of men needed to go after consuming lots of cherries and wine : the outhouse . 
  unfortunately for erazem , the toilet , situated on the top floor and at the very edge of the castle , was the one place that was n't so impregnable . 
  when the moment came , the flag was placed there by the treacherous servant .
