  and still has the problem of the sahrawi arab democratic republic and human rights . 
  yes , absolutely yes . 
  do we want a big populated islamic fundamentalist neighbor or a rich westernized , modernized member ? 
  turkey is at the crossroad to choose its future , and europe should help them to make the correct decision . 
  what would happen to scotland if the uk then decides to leave the eu ? 
  if we make a real list of anti-crisis measures , the list would be empty . 
  the government 's strategy is to let time pass by to see if the economy improves somewhat by itself before the next election . 
  a new carlist war ? 
  it is impossible, 
  :( ok , but i love it . 
  why ? 
  [ amaral ] ( http://www.amaral.es/ ), 
  i think it is likely it will happen in a few decades if not years , if the corruption and the economy goes worse . 
  but it will be a failed state if they do it unilaterally , because of realpolitiks : each and every european country has some regions who aspire to independence or greater autonomy , and they do n't want to set a precedent . 
  edit : does anyone else remember when the `` federal republic of padania '' was proclaimed in 1996 ? 
  :d you are good , we are the best, 
   maybe they miss the time when they were roaming around there what ? 
  not hard to pronounce by any standards , so that is wrong . 
  for me it is . 
  and our guide told us that was the reason . 
   it was superior to using the latin or ( god forbid ) the greek alphabet for slavic languages to translate the bible . 
  the inventors were saints cyril and methodius and invented it to evangelize slavic people . 
  that i got right . 
   by the roman empire , you probably mean the byzantine empire . 
  often called the eastern roman empire  salads , pastry , traditional cooked dishes , dried meats , sausages ... and many many other delicious dishes , i know . 
  and not many mosques . 
  from my point of view , that is many . 
  this is what i know about bg  wrong . 
  recently . 
  ask my guide why he told us that . 
  just telling what the bulgarian guide told us  not trying to be a dick . 
  we spain were also invaded by the omeya caliphate and took almost 800 years to recover . 
  i was at sofia last week . 
  sofia used to have another name but you changed it because only bulgarians were able to pronounce it . 
  you have great pubs , the food is very cheap and the restaurants very good . 
  the women are beautiful , the men not so much . 
  you invented the cyrillic alphabet , because you had no way to transcribe the bible to your language at that time when you invaded the roman empire , remember ? 
  you have pastrami , cucumbers , soups and rose essences . 
  lots of nice orthodox churches , bad roads and worse traffic . 
  you also have many mosques because a nice 10 % of your population is muslim , since you were part of the ottoman empire for a long time . 
  why is your fascination with lions ? 
  even your currency is \u043b\u044a\u0432 ( lion ) !, 
  you have lost every war you have participated in ( who decided it was a good idea to declare war to the us during wwii ??? 
  ) , but you saved the bulgarian jews from death , because you are very good at procrastinating . 
  and you are the poorest country in the eu . 
  edit : i was just repeating what our bulgarian guide told us jokingly . 
  if you do n't get it , at least do n't downvote . 
  you are lacking postcards from the spanish mediterranean coast . 
  if you pm me , i will be happy to send her another one . 
  the privatization of the public health system , and corruption in general . 
  kingdom of aragon , 
  [ the spanish civil war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_civil_war ) . 
  that the allies allowed a fascist state to continue during decades after the end of wwii is also something shameful for the rest of western europe . 
  ah , the [ black legend ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_legend#the_conquest_of_the_americas ) . 
  that saying was applied before to the spanish empire . 
  but that is also an achievement not to be very proud of . 
  apparently , in that section the rail changes from the most advanced control system , in which the train automatically follows the signals , to another in which the engine driver must act . 
  [ the engineer in communicating with renfe `` 190 and i 'm going to derail . 
  we are human . 
  we are human . 
  hope there are no dead because they will fall over my conscience . 
  and what will happen ? 
  nothing . 
  in spain the government and all the political class is absolutely corrupt and never resign, 
  also all the usual and common with other languages , like `` hijo de puta '' `` son of a bitch '' , joder ( fuck ) , mam\u00f3n ( sucker ) ... but there are also others which does n't have a precise equivalent like `` cabr\u00f3n '' = `` male goat '' as reference to the devil . 
  all right , from castille ... 
  well , they started as a spin-off from spain, 
  * we obviously are n't friends * this . 
  us always has always wanted to be the sole superpower in the world . 
  a leader does n't need friends , only followers . 
  lackeys , not equals . 
  i was just joking . 
  20c is fine , but not enough for the beach !, 
  i do n't think europeans hate us , but you should hate our corrupt politicians . 
  they are to blame for the situation . 
  they would sink the whole of europe if that was required to save themselves . 
  me too . 
  even just a thin sheet , but i need something over me . 
  i still use a blanket during the night . 
  temperatures can go as low as 12c !, 
  once i went to hogmanay . 
  spaniards were freezing but the scottish told us 0c was n't cold . 
  today it is cloudy and cold , about 20c . 
  they make great pizzas . 
  really , i use to go to a pizza restaurant owned by a swedish couple and their pizzas are the best . 
  agreed , independence is the best solution . 
  some years ago the aragonese government demanded a better agreement too . 
  pp refused too . 
  notwithstanding , the richest and most developed zone in spain in all sector ( industry , commerce , tourism ) . 
  is n't it ? 
  i can see it every time i go from murcia to zaragoza . 
  interesting data : after all those years of plundering , those countries remain as the richest and most developed zone in spain . 
  or her ghost may come to haunt us . 
  what they want to do with books copyright is even worse . 
  looks like you have believed the `` we have lived beyond our capabilities '' nonsense . 
  it has been the corrupt politicians , from every party , the ones who decided how to expend the money , taking into account where there were the best possibilities to obtains fees and bribes . 
  even today they are doing the same . 
  the only `` solution '' they have is to reduce salaries and increase taxes . 
  we have years before the economy begins to improve . 
  i am not surprised at all .
