what i fail to understand is how they can not tolerate that the government of spain interfere in their politics , but they do think it is fine to join the eu , knowing that they are going to intrude even more , and they will be less tolerant . 
  not much . 
  they created a new parliament , and declared their independence . 
  it was was n't recognized by any state . 
  i think what will happen would much simpler : do you remember when in 1997 lega nord declared the padania an independent state ? 
  right , just that . 
  :o i hope you are a troll and not really using such an egoist argument for independence . 
  i suppose you would prefer an independent catalonia to return all those german taxes used in southern countries ( including the catalunya caixa bailout , for example ) , since , you know , that would be good for catalunya , not depending too much on german daddy . 
  no pictures, 
   that 's a plain definition of merge , actually . 
  no , not exactly , . 
  that 's why i said the history is not * exactly * how you have told it . 
  the expression and the details are important, 
  i doubt wikipedia talks about territories that merged , instead of noble people that owned territories . 
  and it does not . 
  * the kingdom of arag\u00f3n gave the name to the crown of aragon , after the dynastic union in 1150 of the queen of aragon ( petronilla of aragon ) with a count of barcelona ( ramon berenguer iv ) , their son inheriting all different territories in the house of aragon and the house of barcelona . 
  * ( from wikipedia ) so it was n't some counties that merged , but a king that selected a count as a husband for her daughter , so their descendants would inherit both territories , and more that they would conquer later . 
  about the downfall in the xvth century : * the crown of aragon became a part of the spanish monarchy after the dynastic union with castile , which supposed the de facto unification of both kingdoms under a common monarch . 
  * ( from wikipedia ) again talking of noble people and their territories , all right . 
  the king of the crown of aragon married the queen of castille , thus their descendants inherit both territories . 
  if by downfall do you refer to the nueva planta decrees , you have to wait until the xviiith century . 
  although those were bad for the former territories of the crown of aragon , in a way they were needed , to transform middle age institutions and privileges into a modern absolutist kingdom , like the rest of european monarchies . 
  as an aragonese , i have to say the history is not exactly how you have told it . 
   and both speak to their kid in catalan . 
  ok , it is their choice , but should n't they speak in spanish , english and catalan , for him to become trilingual ? 
  oh , right, 
  you should add the murder of isabel carrasco, 
  the one used is the flag of the spanish fascist party , the falange, 
  now do we post propaganda at / r/europe ? 
  i understand that if there is going to be war against russia , we must hate * them * , but this thing about evil soviet communists of russia is ridiculous , does anyone else understand it ? 
  no , i do n't think russia is here to save us . 
  as i have said , i see the manipulation on both sides . 
  do you ? 
  do you believe our dear eu leaders are going to do anything that could hurt their economies ? 
  they just supported the euro-maidan because of the euro part . 
  now that they have a puppet government instead one controlled by moscow , it is time to talk and negotiate a peaceful solution with russia . 
  no , sorry , i know several ukrainians of russian origin ( there are many immigrants where i live ) so from the beginning i knew about the thing the western media did n't talk about . 
  like that was n't about a corrupt president , but about a president that did n't like the eu . 
  i have seen the hypocrisy of media that called the protests against a corrupt spanish government terrorism and the same protests against a corrupt ukrainian government as patriots . 
  i saw how the movement was hijacked by far right politicians that passed laws against minorities , and i guessed before it happened that protesters against the interim government , ( as corrupt as the previous one or the spanish one ) , would be called terrorist . 
  and i have seen how putin has taken the chance to transform what had become a big loss for russia as not such a big loss . 
  i have seen the manipulation of both sides who do n't care about ukrainians at all . 
  if you believe eu or us is going to do anything that could hurt their economies or those of their allies , you can keep waiting . 
  do n't tell me i do n't know shit . 
  the second amendment gives americans the right to have arms . 
  but if an armed group marched to washington dc and surrounded the congress with the expressed intention to depose the president , i will bet they would be called terrorists and if needed , violently dissolved . 
  ehhh , yanukovych was not hitler , and democratic legitimacy is one of western important values today . 
  if that is the logical conclusion of what i have said , then us armed resistance against obama is also legitimate is the next logic conclusion of what you said . 
  ps : no , it is not . 
  no , thank you . 
  outing democratically elected presidents and supporting puppet governments like in ukraine is enough for me . 
  oh , do n't worry about that . 
  in spain big business has a lot of ways to legally avoid paying taxes . 
  those reforms will be useless and there will be no economic growth unless the real reasons for the crisis are solved : the corruption of the political class , the corruption of the banking system and the laws that allowed the building bubble and collapse . 
   may delay game of thrones . 
  i hope so  i hate dubbing - the original voices are much better . 
  me too . 
  now i wonder what could happen if yanukovych dares to win the elections again . 
  if we threaten our opponents to leave and then we vote , it is n't a surprise we obtain the result we want . 
  in the case of nixon , if the senators who could vote against are threatened and leave washington , i would call it a coup too . 
  was n't the parliament surrounded by protesters ? 
  this is making everyone pay for the doings of a minority . 
  the inspectors could make quality checks of the oil every time they do a health inspection . 
  the personal responsibility is not unlimited . 
  any person can be persuaded to do actions against his best interests through lies and persuasion . 
  the * preferentes * scandal in spain is considered by many as a case of blatant fraud . 
  the existence of the fraud crime is a proof that personal responsibility does not cover everything . 
  people evicted because of not paying mortgage have their own big part of resposibility , but do not forget that during the real state boom in spain banks were giving away credits in an absolutely irresponsible way - because they knew they would be going to win in one way or the other . 
  = they are too big to fail . 
  that in a country with a corruption plague so extended like spain no banker has ever gone to jail could seem surprising , but when you know that the day one banker was declared guilty and went to jail , a few months later the previous government decreed a pardon for him . 
  the links and relationships between bankers and politicians are so clear and dirty in spain . 
  they do not even need secret meetings . 
  what they do is not the problem , it is the way they do it . 
  in the case of spain , they have induced people with no knowledge of finance products , even illiterate persons to buy , to expend all of their savings in high risk inversion products , or to buy junk bonds . 
  also , they have received millions of state subsidies or bailouts to avoid bankrupcy , money they have used to increase their salaries and personal income ( over 1 million euros yearly is n't enough ? ) . 
  while at the same time evicting unemployed people who could afford their mortgage - they take the house but the evicted must continue paying the mortgage . 
  and there is more . 
  bankers in spain are more hated than politicians . 
  the problem is not the financing . 
  if the only thing bankers did was financing bushinesses and investors , everything would be fine . 
  in spain in addition to the reyes magos who bring presents on january 6th , papa noel or santa claus brings them too on christmas . 
  and the christmas log tradition can be expanded along the pyrenees through aragon to almost the basque country . 
  great movie . 
  big santa has to eat children and his helping elves who look like old men kidnap them . 
  isnt ' he the king of spain ? 
  they also know where is west spain , more spain ( twice ) , sangria and spain 's butt . 
  the best parts of spain . 
  the next step is `` if you publish secrets , you are the terrorists '', 
  [ rabbit is still sold in uk butchers and markets , and some supermarkets sell frozen rabbit meat . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rabbit#as_food_and_clothing ) apparently you can find it at places like borough market, 
  pet shop ? 
  spanish food . 
  more exactly self-serving lie, 
   it also explains why there is a three-hour lunch break , which includes a siesta this is so stupid , i do n't know how to call it . 
  we can trade it for sweden 's social welfare , gdp growth or your expenditure on r & d. deal ? 
   torrente arggg do n't recommend that !, 
  she is all of that but all also an antivaxer and pseudoscientific kook . 
  she promotes homeopathy and the use of plants to cure cancer . 
  and antivaxer, 
  morocco has not a secular constitution like turkey , nor is a rich and industrial country and i really doubt it is interested in joining the eu .
