  just stating the fact in case non spaniards does n't know this . 
  the last straw for most people i suppose it was when the unified spanish policemen representative asked the government that , since they are `` special '' , the wage cuts should affect every state worker , * except * them . 
  all spanish state workers are getting heavy wage cuts , including policemen . 
  but when they protest , they are not getting sympathy from the population , like when for example doctors or teachers protest . 
  spain , you got balls . 
  yes , now that you mention it , the accent and pronunciation are very similar to italian . 
  and italian is very similar to spanish , so similar that a spanish speaker can understand it , and vice versa ( and portuguese , catalan ... all of them very similar and easy to understand to each other ) . 
  but romanian , although sounds similar to all of them , it is impossible to understand . 
  romanian . 
  for a spanish-speaking person , it `` sounds '' very similar to spanish , but it is absolutely unintelligible . 
  the inh is the wbc of catalanism . 
  do n't attribute to evilness what can be explained by ignorance . 
  do you think there is is a centuries-long world-wide conspiracy to suppress catalan culture ? 
  all right . 
  it is wrong . 
  why discuss . 
  from proclaiming a republic to be in fact a republic there is long stretch . 
  my neighbourhood at zaragoza proclaimed their independence some years ago , but i doubt you or anyone has ever heard about that . 
  in fact , the only city that was ever constituted an independent republic was cartagena . 
  about the roussillon i have expressed myself bad . 
  france did n't help for free . 
  they took it in that treaty . 
  but ( and this is alternative history ) i doubt they would have allowed catalunya to become an independent republic ( independent from them , i mean ), 
  so you insist the map is wrong ? 
  for some reason , any kind of independentism needs a history of wars , imperialism and not respected decisions . 
  i do n't know why , if they want to be independent from spain , or the eu , or not , it 's fine for me . 
  but they are creating a new history ( yes , [ the institute is called `` new history '' ] ( http://www.inh.cat/ ) ) , explaining that there was a kingdom of catalonia , ( not aragon ) , columbus was catalan , that part of the map in italy marked as spanish territories was in fact , catalonia 's , [ miguel servet ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/miguel_servet ) was catalan ( in fact was born in an aragonese town ) , the quixot was copied from a previous catalan work , etc. . . but unfortunately , the evil spanish kings have , across centuries , suppressed all that knowledge and rich history . 
  really really evil , those spanish kings . 
  and that is why they must be independent from spain , not just because they want . 
  during that period , catalunya rebelled against the aragon crown with the help of the french . 
  but a rebellion does n't mean it was a republic under french protection . 
  you can say some catalans wanted to form a republic and asked france for help , but no further . 
  and france 's help was n't free , that 's why now roussillon belongs to france . 
  are you saying that map is wrong ? 
  should we contact cambridge university and explain them their history is wrong ? 
  look at spain , at that zone that says aragon . 
  catalans are going to be ... unhappy with that map . 
  edit : and then , they downvote . 
  spaniard here too . 
  my last straw was a long time ago . 
  yes , the government must resign , and new elections must be called . 
  it is the only solution . 
  spanish politic parties are absolutely corrupt . 
  any money funded by europe will be used to fill those corrupted holes , be sure of it . 
  edit : and all these measures , such as reducing the state deficit , the destruction and elimination of the spanish savings banks ( after the looting of the politicians ) , austerity , wage cuts , phasing out public services , they will produce absolutely no effect , since none of them have been the cause of the spanish bankruptcy . 
  moreover , it has been the perfect excuse to sell off many public services to companies owned by themselves or their friends who will return the favor when they retire from politics . 
  only in popularity , but there are separatist groups in all those communities . 
  they are n't ? 
  oh , bad :( still we have the canary islands, 
  today i learn i can go to the caribbean without leaving the european union . 
  nice !, 
  historically , england . 
  more recently , ourselves . 
  have you noticed they do n't have any id number on their uniform ? 
  that way they can work anonymously . 
  it is a lie . 
  if i made some work for the canadian government , and later i give that sum to fund a new party , that means canada is supporting that party that did n't exist when they paid me ? 
  the spanish far-right controlled media tried to make us believe that yes . 
  [ in fact , it is really the alcazar of segovia ] ( http://onebigphoto.com/alcazar-castle-of-segovia-spain/ ) . 
  they themselves define themselves and their fight as islamic . 
  peaceful and tolerant muslims have a terrible problem inside their own religion and do n't seem to be able to see it . 
  yes , it was , but relatively small compared to other invasions during that period or later . . 
  there is only [ one battle worth of that name ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_guadalete ) . 
  after the death of the last visigothic king during that battle , they found almost no opposition . 
  the war lasted only 7 years . 
  given to an organization because they were worried an individual might reject such a discredited prize ? 
  spain 's flag : red , yellow , red . 
  originally it was the king 's navy banner . 
  the colors were selected for maximum visibility . 
  aragon 's flag : 4 red stripes on yellow background . 
  there is a mythical origin , but in fact the color are the vatican colors , because the king served allegiance to the pope ( something really important when your little kingdom was frontier with muslim territories ), 
  that possibly explains hitler 's help during the civil war ( condor legion ) and franco 's help during wwii ( blue division ), 
  franco lasted longer . 
  he just did n't join hitler in wwii because spain was too exhausted from the civil war . 
  even today there is an uncounted number of mass graves in ditches and fields , thousand of people that were executed during or immediately after the civil war . 
  all attempts from organizations of relatives of assassinated to find and recover the remmants of their fathers or grandfathers have been mostly useless . 
  and they just want to identify and recover the remains of their relatives to give them a proper burial , not accusing anyone !, 
  never is a proper time to `` open old wounds '' . 
  even the judge baltasar garzon was driven from his position in the national audience * after * trying to investigate the mass graves . 
  this situation is so absurd that when human remains are found by chance somewhere in spain , three things may happen : if they are very recent , the forensic police is called ; if they are very old , it is taken by archaelogists ; but if the remains are around 70 years old , and could be from the civil war , * they are buried again !, 
  * : almost no one dares to start an investigation about them , the political pressures are too high . 
  wrong . 
  i am taxed 75 % of everything * over * 1 million . 
  than means if i earn 1.200.000 , after taxes i get 50.000 net from the 200.000 in excess of 1 million and the million is taxed at the standard rates . 
  i am sure i would enjoy it . 
  i would . 
  gladly , because that means i am earning more than 1 million euros . 
  worse ? 
  how can be worse ? 
  more unemployment ? 
  apparently , it was one of her sons , using her mobile phone . 
  our politicians are useless and unpresentable , but we should not ascribe them achievements that are not theirs . 
  reforms !, 
  exactly , real reforms !, 
  thats what europe needs . 
  unfortunatelly , instead of making them , european leaders , with merkel at their front are taking advantage of the crisis to liquidate the welfare state . 
  can you name the capital of bavaria ? 
  ( that 's an important german state ), 
  no , just :  are now listed on the world donor registry as `` belonging '' to dkms . 
   if the ont needed to use the bone marrow of any of these individuals , it would have to pay dkms 14,500 euros for it .
