  you can never be too careful * tinfoil hat *, 
  i 'm really amused by the conspiracy theories that claim he is behind the refugee wave in europe ( this one is coming from the hungarian government , no less ) , that he wants to build a gypsy country in romania ( coming from the romanian far-right ) and that he 's actually behind the colectiv fire that killed 60 people in bucharest last month ( because reasons ) . 
  i mean , to be fair , / r/rocirclejerk did change a lot since he started to pump funds into it . 
  no other information at the time , other than the fact that he is a member of the '' romanian extension '' of the far-right sixty-four counties youth movement and that he was arrested before managing to do any actual harm . 
  magyarbros , pls do n't do this . 
  i 'm a guy who was funded by soros both for my education and while working in an ngo . 
  amaa ( as long as it 's not about how i will do his bidding of destroying the christian identity of europe ), 
   after the weekend arrests , hungary 's anti-terrorist police chief janos hajdu said machine guns , silencers , and even a bomb-making laboratory had been found at the home of one of the suspects . 
  he also added that links to islamist radicals could not be ruled out . 
   but the budapest court said on wednesday that `` circumstances of the case point to the opposite '' . 
  the main suspect , it said , had no links with extremists and no criminal record . 
  it said the man `` lives with his mother and stepfather and is a world war two enthusiast '' . 
  the bbc 's nick thorpe in budapest says the anti-terror squad have been left looking rather foolish . 
  but they do n't . 
  that 's my point . 
  are you seriously going to claim that banning the burqa , an exclusively female garment , has nothing to do with women ? 
  that 's like saying that the topless ban does n't affect men because they do n't have breasts . 
  also , complete coincidence that this affects only women , must be the only example in history where a society is trying to control what a woman can or can not wear . 
  huh . 
  inb4 constant continent-wide state of emergency . 
  safety !, 
  i 'm sure most romanians will hold more classical beliefs , but for me it 's either [ muzici \u0219i faze ] ( https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7992563-muzici-i-faze ) by ovidiu verde\u0219 - a great novel about everyday life in the 1980s from the perspective of a 15 years old only interested in rock records , getting his hands on a female colleague and pocketing his dad cigarettes - or [ solda\u021bii ] ( https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/18739276-soldatii-poveste-din-ferentari ) by adrian schiop - a novel about a down-on-his-luck gay journalist who moves to the much-feared gypsy ghetto in bucharest and starts an ultra-secret relation with a former jailbird . 
  no posts about romanian stereotypes ? 
  i guess everyone else but me is too lazy to actually po, 
  i want to talk for a second about the communication surrounding the tragedy : 1 . 
  i was in town with a couple of friends and we found out about this ( alongside many others who were out ) when their parents called them to check on them . 
  my mum probably went to sleep early , but i was called or messaged by at least 6 or 7 friends who were worried , knowing that i live 300m from this place . 
  there has been a huge network of phone communication surrounding this . 
  i know of at least two friends-of-friends who are in hospital and one who is unaccounted for . 
  facebook mobilization was also huge , both in terms of trying to find out about friends who might have been there and in terms if calls for blood donations . 
  the obvious trolls and inappropriate jokers abound ( god only knows i use humour to deal with traumatic events ) , but even more worrying are the ultra-religious crowd who are claiming fair retribution for those celebrating halloween , despite the fact that this was not a halloween event . 
  several also claim that the fact that a metal band was playing was a factor , but most are just trying to place this in the anti-halloween narrative , as many conservatives claim halloween is a pagan/satanist/anti-romanian holiday . 
  overall , the wide-spread of social media , mobile phone and mobile internet is making this whole thing feel like it 's moving much faster than it would back in the newspaper days , particularly since the event happened after the tv prime-time slot . 
  response from the authorities has been swift and adequate , yet the fact that our minister of internal affairs , who is embroiled in a scandal surrounding the death of a policeman , seemed to take front stage , without actually saying much - he just prompted raed arafat , the secretary of state for emergency situation to give his speech - has angered some people . 
  i have even seen conspiracy theories emerging , painting this as a distraction from his scandal . 
  while this is obviously ridiculous , i find it difficult to blame people for not putting any machination past this guys , who has proved himself capable of hardcore media manipulations in the past . 
  this is about it right now , i will update the post if i come up with any other interesting insights regarding the media/communication coverage regarding the event . 
  edit : several things that were claimed have already proven to be untrue . 
  first of all the ambulances arrived mere minutes after the first 112 call was made , denying initial reports of a quarter of an hour delay in interventions . 
  this was probably due to the initial claim that the fire started at 22:20 , when it was probably closer to 22:35 . 
  second of all , despite huge social media mobilization , bucharest hospitals do not need blood donations tonight , but a donation centre will be available starting tomorrow morning . 
  the health minister actually claimed that there is enough blood for tonight and that people trying to donate now are actually putting an extra level of stress on the hospital personnel . 
  edit 2 : despite ( or probably because of ) the wide popularisation of the emergency line for info on missing people , many are claiming that they are unable to reach anybody , due to overuse . 
  a friend claims he has tried that number 93 times in the last 3 hours , with no avail . 
  this appears to be one of the communication mechanism that is severly lacking . 
  username checks out . 
  several facebook sources ( ! ), 
  claim that the widely circulated picture above is not related to tonight 's tragedy . 
  not sure about it , but it is typical for these situations to have these sort of fake info floating about . 
  in unrelated news , a large number of british museum curators unexpectedly changed their holiday plans towards greece . 
  well , it 's a good thing that at least local-level politics remains true to its purpose to represent the average citizen . 
  obviously in small villages that have a large roma population , you 're gon na have political candidates that are from among the inhabitants of that village , usually the more well-off among them . 
  and obviously you will have people with local notoriety running for office based on their name-recognition in community , so you will have a certain segment of eccentric candidates . 
  and of course , these are small-level candidates , that do not filter their message through focus-groups or graphic design departments like national-level politicians do , so you might end up with the odd octopus on the poster . 
  and of course most of these people are coming from a plethora of professions and backgrounds and are less prone to done the professional-but-boring look of suit and tie ( or monochrome pantsuit for the women ) that has become a staple of the position . 
  that being said , some of these are still hilarious as fuck !, 
   `` so , do you like sexual intercourses ? '', 
  which is , of course , a mistranslation of the scottish `` do you want pumped ? '', 
  why ... hello , * neighbour * !, 
  it 's entirely likely that high-school students , even german ones , are more familiar with the darth vader look than with a type of military helmet first introduced in wwi . 
  hopefully this is another step in doing away with the old fsn guys and give chances to a proper left to appear in romania , which is not tainted by either the communist past , nor the crony-capitalism of our current `` leftist '' party , psd . 
   the unemployed people left to work in western europe . 
  they could be right behind you right now oh god, 
  you should probably do some research to see what the maximum personal use quantity is . 
   they 'll probably have kebabs for the romantic dinner i fail to see what 's wrong with that . 
  if both people want to eat kebabs , why should they conform their date to some standard of romantic dinner that they do n't actually care for ? 
  disclaimer : i love kebab and so does my gf . 
   so i 'm trying to find something that would be cheaper in hungary than in romania and also desirable obvious answer is langos . 
  but seriously now , tobacco is the best option . 
  because roll-up tobacco is still very expensive in romania and in hungary is like 1/3 of the price , many people buy their pouches from people bringing them from hungary . 
  i too brought tobacco for my friends in bucharest when i was living in budapest and now i have other friends doing the same for me . 
  it 's a profitable market . 
  i can tell you with no exaggeration that a large part of the christian orthodox people have this exact attitude . 
   they 'll turn australia into the same kind of shithole they came from , and then they 'll have to `` flee '' on once more . 
  just like the dutch did with new york , amiright ? 
   the people in rural romania who still live outside conventional norms , are `` aboriginal romanians '' and live as they do because of traditionalism and choice !, 
  not out of desperation or poverty as you seem to interpret from those statistics . 
  you seem the sort of person who only learned about life outside the city from patriotic songs , son . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  right . 
  just like how all those americans who say they 're irish are n't allowed to vote in us elections . 
   they could have simply broken the window and open the door from the inside and risk unnecessary injury to the driver or an officer during an otherwise non-threatening stand-off . 
  they tried to talk him out of the car and when that did n't work fired three warning shots , which immediately made him open the door to the car . 
  how is that bad ? 
   if what he says is true in that it takes two to three killings for a police officer to use lethal force it 's not . 
  further down the thread he also lied about the police being `` helpless '' in getting a man out of a car , despite the fact that they did just that seconds after shooting several warning shots . 
  also , just ask the countless homeless people killed during police beatings what they think about the police being pussies . 
  are you seriously complaining about the lack of police shootings ? 
  you are deluded if you think roma are the only romanians who pull all sorts of criminal and annoying shit in western europe . 
  i 've had conversations with people from my home town about how `` the fucking gypsies are ruining our image in the west '' seamlessly move on to stories about times they went around breaking into people 's houses in greece . 
  this is the level of hypocrisy we 're talking about . 
  do you get your tinfoil hats from decathlon or do you make them at home ? 
  oh no , not borussia dortmund 's twitter account !, 
  this scandal is reaching new heights every day !, 
   realistically , nato stops existing is the transgression is obviously unilateral , it 's probably more likely that said country will be summarily excluded from the organisation . 
  nato itself would be shaken by such an event , but not destroyed , though it will have its work cut out for it , with all the nato personnel , technology and intelligence that ( now enemy ) country would possess . 
  fairly sure it was oscar wilde . 
  the fanariots were n't the only source of greek influence on the romanian language , tho . 
  nope . 
  ( pagina 252 ) .
