  bronze age child safety standards were pretty bad . 
  almost 1920s-level . 
  6 friends like this - 5 are romanian numbers check out . 
  `` azi \u00een timi\u0219oara / m\u00e2ine \u00een toat\u0103 \u021bara '' ( today in timi\u0219oara / tomorrow in the whole country ) is still one of the best revolutionary slogans i heard , particularly since it proved to be true . 
  without my glasses , i saw your flair as denmark and though you were being sarcastic . 
  only possible option for [ romania ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=thvudmafwku ) also , here 's a shameless plug for / r/rolistentothis, 
   wolfgang sch\u00e4uble is sitting in a wheel chair because he was shot by a lunatic . 
  same as with [ larry flynt ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/larry_flynt#shooting ) , allegedly by a white supremacist who was outraged by an interracial photo shoot in hustler . 
  source and translation : [ migszol csoport ] ( https://www.facebook.com/migszolcsoport/posts/899417713442723 ), 
  `` ye ' r a pikey , harry ! '', 
  yeah , every time this story gets posted , there is an attempt by some commentators to spin it in some sort of proof for an alleged information-age moral decay , when it 's very clearly an issue of logistics . 
  same happens with pictures of run-down houses that are covered in satellite dishes , shaming poor people for prioritizing one over the other . 
  the people who post that sort of stuff take a voluntary decision to pretend it 's still 1996 , when a satellite dish was a sign of affluence ( at least in eastern europe ) and not a gadget that comes with even the most basic subscription . 
  when other civs have mechanized infantry and you still have n't discovered gunpowder yet . 
  first the ruble , now this !, 
  the pepe market is all over the place . 
  what not many people understand is that the times of localized pepe markets are gone . 
  now a pepe embargo in the middle east or a pepe-fueled coup in central america can destabilize otherwise solid pepe markets . 
  some of the new ones look like propaganda as well , to be fair , seeing how around half of them are taken in a mall . 
  communist propaganda vs capitalist propaganda . 
  fight !, 
  here 's a cool article about it and what it says about the geopolitics of moldova . 
  [ til ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/85/constantinople-banner.svg ) the byzantium worshipped azura . 
   cultural relativism is as wrong as moral relativism so ... not wrong at all ? 
  * shots fired *, 
  ctrl+f `` trianon '' and no results ? 
  hungarian bros , where are you ? 
   ceausescu , gypsies he did . 
  * this comment brought to you by antena 3 *, 
  botswana once again confirmed as a cool bro . 
  video is actually 2015 footage of a rave in bucharest . 
   he had allegedly helped a businessman secure contracts with the city hall for 20 percent of their value . 
  this money was allegedly used to buy among others ** three gold ingots and a renoir painting ** which the prosecutors later found in safe owned by a friend , daniel barbulescu , also a member of the social democrat party ( psd ) . 
  til romanian finance ministers are the european equivalent of american rappers . 
  what news from the dominions ? 
   while the article 's photo is from chisinau , the capital of moldova , a third country that the article does n't talk about at all . 
  bloomberg confirmed as ro-md unionist agents . 
  was expecting an eurovision entry . 
   the home of 18th-century german enlightenment philosopher immanuel kant , located in what is now the russian exclave of kaliningrad , is in ruins and has become a hot spot for drinking and debauchery among local youths . 
  i would consider that the ultimate homage . 
  the choice of romanian hipsters and misers alike . 
  oh , he 's a gangster all right !, 
  this is nothing !, 
  most russian women i know crossed the border inside other russian women . 
   one change made to the page about former us defense secretary donald rumsfeld describes him an `` alien lizard who eats mexican babies '' . 
  i 'm sure they had their sources . 
  more like how asking a girl out provokes her ex-boyfriend to break into her apartment and steal her fridge . 
   provoked russia into seizing part of its neighbour 's territory  that 's exactly what happened . 
  when will eastern europe decide it had enough of living in fear of the great northern enemy and condemn sweden for its centuries of aggression ? 
  the western `` powers '' are powerless and will probably only react by writing a mildly-worded email to the madman l\u00f6fven , containing threats of future emails and inappropriate reminders of the viking years . 
  meanwhile , carl xvi gustaf is still power-hungry and is left free to leer lustily at his next victim . 
  [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/jc3d4zd ) has been for a long time the background of / r/rocirclejerk and i might just change it back for the occasion . 
  even with my less than rudimentary knowledge of other languages i 'm fairly confident i sort of know what his political views are by glancing at the first two tracks of his album . 
  in some parts , sure , but in the ever-changing internet era it 's almost impossible to find something that was published on the web more than 10 years ago , unless it was properly archived , which does n't happen so often . 
  i got 99 problems but the pure and holy latin language of my country ai n't one . 
  the slow motion makes him look like he 's not actually bad at football , but instead really good at some other , undetermined sport . 
   the sun will never set on the great british meme empire !, 
  ftfy, 
  should be noted that while we did n't have as many kangaroo courts as the other communist countries , we did have [ one big one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trial_of_nicolae_and_elena_ceau%c8%99escu ) at the end , so we at least tried to make up for it . 
  that 's the stupidest thing i heard on this sub . 
   i have no idea what is going on but i 'm instantly against any movement supported by a young person reddit 101, 
  i 'm not familiar with any of them actually and i have n't gone to any of the big clubs in year now . 
  there 's a lot of hipsterish-underground places that pop up now and then for infrequent parties , so those are cool . 
  it did . 
  first of all because many of the clubs had similar problems and shut down immediately in fear of the inspections that followed . 
  some have moved house and some are under renovation . 
  best case scenario , the horrible event will only renew the bucharest club scene and create a safer , fresher one . 
  it might be the case that by may things will be better on this front . 
  used to be . 
  what feels like about half of the city 's clubs shut down after colectiv . 
  where do you think i 'm getting my lingonberry jam from ? 
  also , ikea is basically irl minecraft . 
  good work , guys !, 
  looking forward to seeing romania rise in the scientific research rankings next time i see a chart . 
  i thought sweden is a country built on lingonberry jam and minecraft . 
  my mom watches it religiously for as long as i can remember and she made quite a few posts about it on facebook this year . 
  out-latined by the albanians . 
  you just had to go and jinx it . 
  two days ago , the [ orthodox church ] ( http://www.digi24.ro/stiri/digi24/actualitate/social/biserica+vrea+revizuirea+constitutiei ) started gathering signatures for changing the constitution to define marriage as being between a man and a woman . 
  this was tried before in 2013 in the parliament and the consensus was ... i 'm not touching that with a 10 foot pole ( i.e. 
  this should not be regulated at a constitutional level , but at a civil law level ) . 
  mind you , the church has immense pull in romanian society ( it 's sort of unbearable at times ) and could make this happen . 
  watch this space for updates in the following months . 
  too conservative for the russian orthodox church , let that sink in for a while . 
   ukraine seems to be unusually high , too many trolls in this subreddit or russian soldiers ... 
  pfff , where 's the fun in that . 
  you could just link me to your conspiracy theory blog or something . 
  you could ask the same of me . 
  do i really care about roma women or was i just doing that job for the money ? 
  and the idea that soros is this darth vader-type that wants to '' undermine european nation-states '' because of some vague and almost never explained reasons is sort of funny for me . 
  who are roma women ? 
  i 'm really not sure i understand the question . 
  as for what that mean , this particular project was trying to create , through a series of summer schools , workshops and networking a sort of network of young roma girls and women who received training in journalism , particularly multimedia journalism , in an attempt to make it more possible for roma women ( who have europe 's highest risk of illiteracy and poverty ) to contribute to the public discourse . 
  rather than have another bunch of white people making documentaries about the roma , if you train a generation a few dozen roma women to create their own documentaries or whatever other media contribution , you will have a more thorough discussion on the plight of the roma across europe . 
  the ngo dealt with the entire roma population , but this particular project i was in charge of dealt with offering education opportunities to young roma women , who are twice as likely as roma men to have serious health issues , as well as several times more likely to be illiterate or drop out of school in the early stages . 
  with these sport of projects you usually need to find a niche and follow it , rather than try to '' fix '' and entire continent-wide problem . 
  i was n't working politically for him . 
  that 's the whole point . 
  i was working for one of the few hundred ngos that apply for grants in cee and happen to receive some from the osi . 
  i was working towards the cause of better integration and education for roma women and i could n't care less that the funds i was accessing were made through the sort of speculation that is usually highly encouraged by most of the european political scene .
