  [ source ] ( https://forum.softpedia.com/topic/845361-etimologie-cuvintul-%26-8222%3bmulumesc%26-8221%3b/ ), 
  the far left is finally making strides towards achieving the fully automated space communism that should be their end-goal . 
  i still think it 's incredible that our word for `` thank you '' comes from our expression for `` happy birthday !, 
  '' , which itself is a word-for-word translation of a greek expression meaning the same thing . 
  you jest , but it would be both ironic and amazing if the protests directed against the ruling ( pseudo-leftist ) party ended up creating a legitimate leftist option on the romanian political scene . 
  the reason they decided to drop the proposal is because the government higher-ups have finally reached the conclusions that the public dissatisfaction with oug 13/2017 has reached such a high point that it will cause more harm than good to their interests . 
  especially since there was a relatively high chance it would n't have gone past the constitutional court in any case . 
  the very idea has become toxic in the last few days and you could see this by the increasing number of voices within psd that separated themselves from it ( either by resigning from the party of by publicly speaking against it ) . 
  they wo n't be so quick to try and immediately pass it through parliament . 
  on the long run ... that 's a different story . 
   they have the most high-ranking members ( adjusted to the party size ) i like how we need to use maths to determine who the most corrupt politicians are . 
  `` by using the available data and a bayesian average , i have concluded that t\u0103riceanu is scum '', 
   they wandered off the catholic path so far it is hard to consider them churches anymore . 
  right ? 
  they hardly fuck any children these days . 
  it 's ok , bud , just take 5 and try again . 
  nobody here thinks any less of you for this . 
  right . 
  we 're just going to ignore the fact that the turkish authorities accuse other nato members of being enemies who were behind the coup ? 
  are we going to ignore that the edogan regime seems pretty eager to have a conflict with greece , another nato member ? 
  of course turkey as a national entity is cool and there 's nothing more i would like than to all get along , but buddying up to erdogan will prove a stupid move in the long run . 
  i do n't know why you 're assuming i hate you or that i was dissing turkey as a whole . 
  nothing further from the truth . 
  let 's be honest , erdogan has proven to be an unpredictable leader at best and a strongman on his way towards authoritarianism at worst . 
  european leaders treating him like any other `` here today gone tomorrow '' prime minister is going to backfire and give him even more grasp on his power . 
   what would be the correct adjective btw ? 
  romo-hungarian sounds odd . 
  gee , brexiters !, 
  you sure did show the rest of europe what 's what by allying yourselves with dictator wannabees and fascist clowns . 
  well fucking done !, 
  thanks for your answer . 
  follow-up question : if it comes down to that , how many of the french leftist are ready to vote for fillon in a final round of general elections just to stop le pen ? 
  oh , good , at least you commented in proper bulgarian , rather than the latinized version with numbers in it that some of my friends use on facebook that google ca n't even translate . 
   low turnout . 
  does any particular candidate stand to win or lose because of low turnout ? 
   since there was no cap on payments , many farmers were heating empty sheds to get big money . 
  respect the hustle, 
  not necessarily . 
  romanian small towns are full of girls getting pregnant at 16 - 17 and it has nothing to do with the roma . 
  source : i 'm from a small town , several girls from my high-school had kids . 
  [ meanwhile in brno ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zdoi0cq6gzm ), 
  another job well done !, 
  it would look great in skyrim or even better in witcher 3 , sure . 
  but the feel of levitating over the mountains with a fully-charged wizard 's staff or a constant effect item would make it even better . 
  inb4 brb reinstalling . 
  fuck , now i want a morrowind mod with the map of europe to hike through . 
  can confirm . 
  i lived both in bucharest and budapest and you could definitely get a beautiful , spacious apartment in some gorgeous art-nouveau building in central budapest for the same price that you could only get a cramped and greasy apartment in a socialist building in one of bucharest 's second-tier neighbourhoods . 
  the great places you could find for rent at an amazing price is one of the main reasons i would move back to budapest . 
  actually , i happen to know that the largest sand dune in europe is in france . 
  i believe it 's called pyla . 
  * * actually i 'm sure , cause i just checked . 
  i was a bit off with the spelling . 
  while there are many words for bribe in romanian ( almost all of them of turkish [ origin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phanariotes#phanariotes_in_the_danubian_principalities ) , heh ) , this is the one i 've heard used for tip as well . 
  i know people who use the same word for tip and bribe . 
  you sound like an american kid who discovered his polish roots in high-school and now believes himself to be some sort of geopolitics expert . 
  why do n't you go play on your alt-right subs or whatever , where people fall for this ? 
  quite a few highly educated friends , many of them working either in government positions or , quite the opposite , in ngos working directly with the refugee crisis . 
  but sure , whatever you grandma half-remembers about polish politics must be true . 
   the previous goverment is what brought pis to power . 
  lack of help for the common man , submissiveness that was once falsely seen as diplomacy , gigantic moloch government machine on which poland lost millions per year , the most expensive autobahns in europe per km , various affairs that left the officials involved without punishment , officials getting caught on tape discussing disgusting things . 
  sure . 
  and the american civil war was about state rights . 
  the anti-refugee / anti-quota / anti-eu sentiment is what brought this government to power . 
  but at least 400 refugees did n't get to live in the country , so they 'll put it down as a victory . 
  half of that is mine , tbh . 
  yup , muslims are the only people in history to ever kill jews . 
  i 'm getting serious gothic 2 vibes from this pic . 
  true hipsters . 
  actually , it was the non-european country that was cheeky . 
  does anybody have video of the portuguese coverage ? 
  i 'd like to fall asleep listening to excited portuguese people tonight . 
  do n't judge me . 
  here 's a few actual errors i would correct in your post : 1 . third time , not first . 
  2 . not just country , entire continent . 
  3 . making proud , not letting down . 
  bachelorette party gone very , very wrong ? 
  and the paris commune and many other cool historical events of the time . 
  i highly recommend that everyone reads [ the prague cemetery ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_prague_cemetery ) by umberto eco . 
  it 's a fictionalized , but ridiculously meticulously researched , history of 19th century and early 20th century fake documents that were meant to fuel anti-semitic sentiments in different parts of europe . 
  the main character is the only fictional character in the entire novel . 
  every other named character is a historic person . 
  the entire history of the industry of forging antisemitic documents , from barruel , via the dreyfus affair and all the way up to the protocols of the elders of zion is fascinating . 
  good for jamaica and costa rica !, 
  technically a repost , but i felt the original submission 's poor choice of title condemned it to obscurity . 
  speaking of which , i voted you guys for sillies accent , just for the way i heard some ( otherwise great english-speaking ) swedes pronounce the word `` jazz '' . 
  every-time i meet a swede i 'm trying to diverge the conversation towards jazz ; a lot of time i am not disappointed . 
  also , the * top 10 + * set from polirom always has great books at decent enough prices . 
  they publish a lot of great 20th century literature ( murakami , roth , ilf & petrov , john kennedy toole etc ) , as well as classics . 
  while the prices are still in the 10 - 15 - 20 lei range , it 's almost guaranteed that it 's going to be the cheapest edition of those books you can find in romania , except for the second hand one , in the cases of the classics . 
  that escalated fast . 
  [ bbc link ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-18529394 ), 
  that escalated quickly . 
  it makes the bet we had on / r/romania regarding his possible conviction a few hours ago rather creepy , instead of hilarious , which is a downer . 
  what 's wrong with supreme holy overlord ? 
  they did always have a certain roguish charm . 
  surely you did n't grow up in small-town moldavia , then . 
  http://www.bucharestherald.ro/ is a decent enough ( read : only one ) english-language account of romanian news . 
  although , most romanians will denounce the label . 
  i do n't mind it myself , but just saying .
