  the info is old . 
  as far as i know , [ adrian ghenie 's `` the fake rothko '' ] ( http://www.govnet.ro/general/economics/adrian-ghenie-the-fake-rothko-a-1.43-mln-pounds-surprise-at-sotheby-auction-in-london ) became the most expensive painting by a romanian last year , for 1.8 million euros . 
  heh , i heard that last one in the bush , gorbatchev and ceau\u0219escu version . 
   how about you inform yourself on the issue of international arbitration before you make sarcastic comments . 
  this is probably the best reaction to a joke i have ever read . 
  the sparking of a grounds-up class-based revolution that sees ownership of the means of production shift to the workers ? 
  why , what do you expect from a communist ? 
  you mean nicolae teslaru ? 
  you guys seem to walk your dogs differently up north . 
  unlike christians , which are paragons of gender equality . 
  not going into the justified/not justified debate , but those who are unaware should know that the conditions in the debrecen camp are appalling . 
  surely the worst of all refugee camps in hungary . 
  as much as people here like to discuss things rationally in terms of cause and effect , they seem to get angry and throw accusation of liberal pink-washing when people say that if you will keep a group of relatively diverse young people in completely inappropriate conditions ( such as the quoted numbers above ) for months or even years you will end up with these sort of events . 
  frankly , i 'm surprised it does n't happen more often . 
  there are very few things more frustrating than a state of limbo . 
  precisely . 
  that 's hardly an excuse for being a clown . 
  still the best one : [ 400 athletic bilbao fans miss europa league after flying to budapest and not bucharest ] ( http://www.caughtoffside.com/2012/05/12/400-athletic-bilbao-fans-miss-europa-league-after-flying-to-budapest-and-not-bucharest/ ), 
  just gon na leave [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2_cbbcl7h4 ) here . 
  edit : further [ info ] ( http://totb.ro/povestea-invizibila/ ) in romanian . 
   it 's not even a problem of assimilation and integration as much as it is a problem of some immigrants actively hating with a fierce passion the countries and cultures they emigrate to . 
  i 'm not going to say that does n't happen , and i agree with much of your comment , but just recently i 've seen a facebook screenshot ( the link eludes me right now ) of a romanian immigrant in sweden taking a picture of two men kissing . 
  he was saying how horrible this was and how shitty sweden is for allowing this , and some of the comments literally encouraged him to `` kill some of them and the lord will reward you '' . 
  what you are describing is not an exclusively in - out phenomenon , but is rampant inside the eu as well . 
   you\u021bre right . 
  fixed . 
  well , let me be the first one to take advantage of this unfolding situation by saying `` fuck loki !, 
   it 's more expensive and more time-consuming to process a larger sample size . 
  and often useless , since the results tend to just repeat after a certain threshold , given that the sampling/randomisation was done properly . 
   i do n't think anyone will give them hard time about this yup , europe has been just a bundle of friendship and solidarity as far as greece is concerned . 
  i find it kind of scary how easily accepted the `` southerners are lazy '' stereotype is around here . 
  it 's one thing to make a joke about siestas and another thing entirely to assume that the greek/spanish/italian people do n't want to work and just want to mooch on northern europeans . 
  it seems that the same narrative that is used by the right-leaning press in uk about people on benefits is starting to be used at a continental level . 
  politician who got elected on platform of not fucking people over at the order of creditors is trying not to fuck people over at the order of the creditors . 
  reddit be like `` he 's seriously delusional '' . 
  bombs and bad times . 
  every thread is a trianon-thread if you really care about it . 
   i believe in scotland it is totally illegal . 
  the law does not , however , prohibit organizing and monetizing wee fight clubs using children from the neighbourhood and that 's all i 'm going to say on the matter . 
  [ obligatory ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxqr-cpxlmy ), 
  it should be noted that '' bul\u0103u '' is slang for prison , a rough equivalent of '' big house '' or '' poky '' . 
  then it 's probably people typing the g from google in the wikipedia bar by mistake , or something to that effect . 
  sure , and hey , it the long run it might backfire . 
  a disappointing next 5 years could damage the credibility of the snp and with it , much of the hope for an independent scotland . 
  but as things stand now , the snp victory proves that the conversation is far from over . 
  i mentioned them because i remember the plaid cymru leader mentioning during the debate that the referendum should carry one such provision , so as not to have one of the countries dragged outside of the eu against its will . 
   will the british public be satisfied enough to stay in ? 
  the referendum is going to relatively close . 
  both campaigns will be stupid and insulting to the average voter . 
  it will probably be a no vote . 
  if there will be a yes vote , scotland and , to a lesser extent , wales , which will have voted mostly for no will throw a fit over being forced out of the eu by the vote of the english , when they themselves voted otherwise . 
  quite possibly , that will be the straw that finally breaks the camel 's back and will lead to a break-up of the union unless the government back-pedals hard and decides to stay regardless of the referendum results . 
  the resounding success of snp makes it obvious that the issue of scottish independence is far from over following last year 's referendum and that , if anything , between the new tory government and the threats of brexit , the independence campaign will only become stronger in the following years . 
  this comment is the shortest russian novel i 've ever read . 
  i quite liked it , but i thought the plot was pretty similar to a lot of other introspective , high-brow literature . 
   its because poland has the potential to become a new germany . 
  cool !, 
  who are they going to pointlessly invade before their inevitable defeat at the hands of unlikely allies ? 
  i mean , after the croats have been there for a while . 
  [ mfw ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ubckx7x2nd4 ) i watched the first 40 seconds of that video . 
   gratz . 
  no , it was in vienna . 
  he ^ he ^ he ^ he ^ he, 
  ca n't wait to taste irish food in about 20 years from now !, 
  the plate does look weird , but the picture is from romania for sure . 
  it 's part of this film/media project : http://www.mandriesibeton.ro/fotografii.php#32, 
  sure , but they were * german * nazis . 
  let 's not pretend that eastern european nazis are on par with those in western europe . 
   but their choice . 
  so to speak . 
  or , in this case , a cruel steak . 
  close-by , but i was spending an awful lot of time at the dorm , yeah . 
  [ romanian rhapsody ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dki_txqivlg ), 
  who ? 
  where 's you lithuania flair ? 
  anything that makes the ors vezer tere area more bearable to the eye is a good idea . 
  source : i lived in that area for a year . 
  the witcher 3 proves such a huge hit that it single-handedly turns the polish economy around , turning it into an economic powerhouse , being seen by future economists as the beginning of the polish miracle . 
  in 2016 varoufakis ' wife sues pulp for royalties after it is established that `` common people '' is actually about her and manages to pull greece out of the debt crisis . 
  victor ponta , the romanian prime minister tries to follow suit in 2017 , unsuccessfully suing carly simon by claiming that `` you 're so vain '' is about him . 
  following the success of several disney movies featuring princesses in 2018 and 2019 , monarchy is reinstated in almost all european countries , though it proves to be a short-lived fad in france , where the guillotines are taken out of the history museums after only 18 months . 
  inspired by the trial of pope formosus , the labour government exhumes margaret thatcher 's body in 2021 and finally puts her on trial . 
  belgium finally realizes it has no business being a country , becomes a subsidiary of kraft foods . 
  high prices and poor quality for internet services in western europe , especially in the remote , rural areas , lead to a series of peasant revolts in 2022 that see people burning their modems in town squares . 
  emergency internet is shipped from eastern europe . 
  viktor orban comes out as a jewish-roma homosexual and installs a political-correct dictatorship of tolerance and understanding in the once proud and christian nation of hungary . 
  the name of the country changes from magyarorsz\u00e1g to magayorsz\u00e1g . 
  in 2024 the security protocol around vladimir putin makes a mistake and he manages to glimpse , for a few seconds , some of the political cartoons that european newspapers have been publishing about him . 
  full of remorse and embarrassment , he resigns in disgrace and moves to kamchatka to become a bear hunter . 
   eventually the current companies emerged from the chaos and legalized most of the business but even today some places have internet over illegal infrastructure that does n't officially exist . 
  i should start a collection of random sentences that could easily be quotes from a cyberpunk novel . 
  in my 10 months there only once was i subjected to any form of discrimination for being romanian , despite my fears . 
  it was from an old drunk guy who shouted something at me in danish before being promptly escorted out of the pub . 
  the bartender then apologized and refused to tell me what he shouted . 
  and even in that case , given that this was in kbh nordvest ( * 2400 for livet !, 
  * ) and my impressive beard , his problem might have been with muslims , rather than romanians . 
  yeah , but what 's good for the markets is n't necessarily good for the average citizens . 
  see the widening of the wealth gap that occurred all across europe following years of austerity . 
  say what you will , but austerity always results in a transfer of wealth from the poorest to the richest . 
  treaty of versailles ii : this time it will be different , guys , i swear !,
