  not all people value human suffering as a good thing and not all people want to subject their will to an employer . 
  that is why it is the duty of all humans to contain the us , even if it means tokugawa style isolationism . 
  it 's going to be the other way around , more likely . 
  if the nordic countries weaken their welfare states a titch more , then they 'll be joining the baltics . 
  as a na\u00efve american , i get the feeling that a lot has changed in europe since 2008 or 2009 . 
  - the anti-americanism of the bush years has been replaced , especially in the capitals and the elites , with a tolerance of american culture and a seeming inferiority complex . 
  notice that the ttip negotiations have generally been lopsided in favor of the us economic model and notice the lack of criticism that the us is facing over , say , the ferguson debacle , even though the uk ( pop 50 + m ) regularly goes entire years without an officer-involved death . 
  i sort of miss the bush-era europe that was more willing to stand up for what it believed in and more willing to constructively criticize its closest ally rather than being a `` yes man . '', 
  - europe has become much more supportive of armed conflict , starting in libya , although it still cowers behind the us ; recent polls have shown that more danes , germans , etc. 
  would support a us bombing of isis than their own militaries bombing isis . 
  this is in many ways a transition from the pacifist europe of the mid-2000s . 
  - the political spectrum has shifted very far to the right . 
  at least the us gets the benefit of the doubt as most americans have never lived under a social democracy and the us has been right-of-center since its inception . 
  on the other hand , pretty much every major party in europe wants to move further to the right , even if they are historically more left-wing than their american counterparts . 
  countries like denmark are faced with a choice between parties that want to cut back a lot of the welfare state or parties that want to cut back slightly less of it ( with the occasional crypto-chavista , crypto-fascist , or pro-putin fringe party ) . 
  there is arguably even less diversity in the european political climate than in the right-leaning us spectrum , as pretty much all parties are of the `` jump ? 
  how high ? '', 
  approach to austerity reforms . 
  how right or wrong am i ? 
  i love europe 's architecture , linguistic and ethnic diversity , and cuisine but am troubled by its unwillingness to help its adolescent son/little brother ( the us ) mature and by its willingness to discard decades of continuity and repeat the us ' mistakes . 
  i have a salaried job and often have to work nights , weekends , and even holidays . 
  i am looking to check out of the united states permanently because of this attitude towards work and want to make sure that the europe i 'm looking for still exists . 
  has this become an issue for salaried ( i.e. 
  non-hourly ) employees in spite of laws guaranteeing vacation and reasonable hours ? 
  do employers still ask these anyway ? 
  can you still get fired for not enslaving yourself to your boss ? 
  for those of you who have been on / r/europe for a while , i have used reddit to vent about my grievances with the us system with mixed results . 
  i was wondering which political party in europe would i fit in with most closely in case i were to vacation , work , or move there ? 
  - strongly opposed to religious radicalism , be it jewish , christian , muslim , or east asian . 
  religion should belong in the church , not the ballot box , although i am fine with public displays of religion as tradition . 
  the fact that a city in the us can not put up a nativity without also a menorah is ridiculous . 
  - strongly opposed to any reduction or alterations in social democracy . 
  accomplishments like universal healthcare and a decent quality of living for all should be treated as constitutional rights and political parties that seek to alter or negotiate them should be viewed as `` anti-constitutional '' in the same way as the npd is viewed in germany . 
  - the eu has failed to preserve and advance the european way of life . 
  i consider myself a eurosceptic and in the us an anti-federalist/libertarian social democrat because the eu has utterly failed to preserve social democracy in europe . 
  the eu remains less influential than the us in spite of its larger population and gdp . 
  - the usa should be viewed with great skepticism . 
  it has as many if not more , social problems as europe and has proven unwilling to improve its internal and external human rights record . 
  in my opinion , the us is only a slightly better alternative than mother russia or isis . 
  europe should strive to be independent from american financiers and media and should see itself and be seen as an equal partner : an ally , rather than a vassal . 
  - mandatory assimilation for immigrants . 
  immigrants should sign a pledge to make good faith efforts to assimilate to their homeland of choice . 
  mass immigration without assimilation creates a divide-and-conquer situation as the working and middle class oppresses itself along racial divides . 
  - restricted capitalism . 
  i am not a socialist in that i do not advocate workers owning all the means of production , although my views have gotten me libeled as a fascist or * chavista * in the past . 
  * edit : formatting will destroy me . 
  please pardon my earlier post on torture . 
  i will try to explain my outrage more politely . 
  i am astonished that a majority of american civilians support beating and sodomizing suspected terrorists even when * hardened cia agents * broke into tears at what they are doing and when that great dove ( / s ) george bush was intentionally kept out of the loop . 
  furthermore , i am troubled by the unwillingness of the us ' allies to speak out forcefully on the problems the us faces ; the us regularly throws its allies ( see hosni mubarak and his successor mohd . 
  morsi , in egypt ) under the bus for the very same things that it does , and yet its people support the same heinous crimes against humanity that have been used to attack allies and enemies alike . 
  i feel that europe and the us would both be served by having more anti-american parties in politics as there would be more equity and more checks on runaway american influence ( even china is helpless to do more than whine about a `` de-americanized world ' in a us-dominated military and economic chessboard ) . 
  right now the usa is no longer the constitutional republic that its founders envisioned but instead a plutocratic * herrenvolk * ( godwin 's law , i know ) that sees itself and acts as the natural leader of mankind in spite of its , er , idiosyncratic attitude towards human rights and economic justice . 
  in the recent past , i have submitted a number of explosively anti-american views as part of a way of relieving stress and have been told that these are far-right views . 
  i have come to doubt that `` far-right '' views in europe are simply a purer version of centre-right views and that they instead are something entirely different . 
  dansk folkeparti , the main `` far-right '' party in denmark , is actually the most left-wing major party ( excepting enhedslisten and possibly sf ) on all issues except for immigration and islam and is probably the most uncompromising take-no-prisoners advocate for the preservation of the nordic welfare state anywhere in northern europe . 
  on most issues , the farthest-right party is the liberal alliance , which is never referred to as far-right . 
  in france , marine le pen 's repeated attacks on runaway capitalism have put her to the left of le parti socialiste , and yet she is never tagged as far-left . 
  golden dawn ( in greece ) is terrifyingly fascist but is one of the few parties to reject the bailout and eusterity . 
  these attributes seem to be common among far-right parties even though most of them are fundamentally left-wing : anti-american and pro-putin sentiment . 
  as the us is far to the right of europe economically , criticizing it is implicitly a left-wing move . 
  anti-bank and anti-globalization sentiment . 
  also a left-wing , often anti-capitalist ideology . 
  anti-religious fundamentalism . 
  most pronounced in the dutch pvv with its support for gay rights and opposition to islamism , but most western european far-right parties have adopted this in response to muslim immigration . 
  strong support for workers ' wages and the elderly . 
  most often couched in anti-immigrant rhetoric , but also expressed in the left . 
  i think what makes the `` far-right '' a group is their general rejection of western tolerant democracy and their hostility towards those who disagree with them more so than anything on the left-right scale . 
  do you agree ? 
  by the standards of most non-us countries , both greece 's golden dawn and the right wing of the us republican party are very right-of-center . 
  however , these are very different political movements ( golden dawn is authoritarian and fascist while remaining much more anti-austerity than any economic conservative in the us ) and it is hard to say which is more right-wing/conservative . 
  when looking at the diversity of european right-wing movements , even the two-dimensional ( left / right , authoritarian / libertarian ) nolan chart fails to capture the nuances associated with , say , geert wilders ( very pro-lgbt , a left/libertarian view , but also very anti-islam , a right/authoritarian view , and stridently opposed to further austerity , a left/authoritarian view ) . 
  is it possible in any way to determine whether golden dawn is more or less far-right than the us gop ? 
  a lot of discussion has focused on how police brutality in the us is significantly more severe than in europe , with england and wales regularly going an entire year with zero or one police shooting . 
  at the same time , many left-leaning americans are calling on the us ' allies and trading partners to step up pressure on the us to reform by drawing parallels with the soviet union 's use of the civil rights movement : http://www.thenation.com/article/181938/ferguson-human-rights-and-americas-interests-abroad so i ask , how do european police ( i.e. 
  in your country if you are a european and in the countries you are familiar with if not ) deal with suspects ? 
  are there stricter protocols for using force ? 
  is it a factor of gun control ? 
  taking better care of their citizens ? 
  a less violent culture ? 
  fewer angry minorities ? 
  and are european voters and countries willing to speak up -- or do i just come across as another arrogant american twentysomething ? 
  the eu has failed at its stated goals and , from my understanding , played a huge part in the `` european '' `` debt '' `` crisis . '', 
  - the eu was supposed to prevent dictatorships from forming in europe . 
  hungary is fast turning into a dictatorship and many southern eu countries are passing strict censorship and speech-control laws . 
  - the eu was intended to create a `` united states of europe '' . 
  relative to the us , european countries have less prestige and influence than they did during 2005-2008 and have not at all solved the sole-superpower problem that has made fascistic anti-americanism ( isis , putin ... ) a stand-in for anti-status-quo beliefs . 
  - the eu was intended to safeguard the europeanness of europe . 
  that ai n't happened ; the eu 's strict deficit rules , as well as the loss of monetary sovereignty in the eurozone and immigration from central and eastern europe ( countries like poland and estonia do n't have a social-democratic tradition and free migration from them into social democracies depresses wages and discourages those countries from development ) , largely created a crisis that is in the early stages of importing american-style pathologies ( ghettoization , radicalization , ugly political climates , poverty , and a threadbare safety net ) throughout europe . 
  paul krugman 's piece on the scottish referendum shows why no solution to austerity can exist within the current eu/eurozone structure : http://www.nytimes.com/2014/09/08/opinion/paul-krugman-scots-what-the-heck.html?_r=0 why do non-eurosceptics continue to support the eu and the euro when they have manufactured this crisis ? 
  i 'm all for european integration , but it should have been predicated on preserving the welfare state and solving eastern europe 's problems by encouraging them to develop their own social democracies rather than simply move their workers west . 
  the best approach to the european crisis is to ignore it . 
  compared to the benchmark usa or china , most european countries have little to worry about , which makes it especially troubling that cuts are reaching into the healthcare system for instance . 
  pretty much every developed european country achieves longer lives and better outcomes at a lower cost , and more statist systems such as the british nhs produce better outcomes than more capitalist systems like the dutch or french examples . 
  as in most development statistics , the us ranks last or near last . 
  the same is true for real wealth and real income ; european countries pretty much dominate the ranks of the richest and best countries for their median citizen in spite of the better mean averages in the us . 
  the whole myth of european poverty and american wealth is created by a misunderstanding of mean vs. median , aka mathematical illiteracy among the elites . 
  most other developed european countries have solved everything from violent crime to net neutrality to gun access to poverty and inequality , and european debt to gdp ratios are comparable or lower than the us benchmark . 
  i have no proof of conspiracy , but why europe 's elites are cutting in response to a phantom crisis is beyond me . 
  after scotland voted to renew its vows with the uk , politicians promised devolution not only for it but for other components of the uk and chatter grew around devolution for england as well as for other large cities .
