  well , the eu is doing a crappy job at protecting its model throughout !, 
  politicians should 've been required to sign a pledge of allegiance to the european model . 
  illiberal , i know , but better than the plutocracy strikes back . 
  - include a clause protecting social democracy , nonviolence , national healthcare , secularism , and the `` basic outlines of european cultures and values . '', 
  - not expand as aggressively to eastern european countries that do n't have a social democratic tradition ( cough cough estonia ) or are poorer than any existing eu countries and so can undercut the old eu in labor markets ( cough poland and baltics , romania and bulgaria ) . 
  - strict rules on lobbying , preferably with criminal consequences . 
  - none of the crazy monetary stuff that aggravated the crisis . 
  if you want to use the euro , your debt is guaranteed by the rest of the eurozone but the eurozone can make laws for you . 
  the combination of a currency union and not a governmental union ( resulting in greece being unable to inflate away its debt and externally devalue ) is the match that started the whole inferno . 
  - stronger advocacy of the european economic model worldwide . 
  countries that are more european economically , like canada , get more friendly trade terms than the us , india , or russia . 
  reducing humans to gumballs ignores all of the cultural complexities , like resentful immigrants who do n't attempt to assimilate , and does n't necessarily reflect the realities on the ground . 
   the town of mouscron got the french town of wattrelos to build a 2.4 m high wall on their borders to stop gypsies from crossing the border and causing trouble in belgium . 
  so you 're only going to wall off part of the border ? 
  plus , violation of schengen . 
  first they come for the gypsies , then they come for us . 
  it 's not just muslim immigrants who can be backward ... 
  homophobia , fiscal conservatism , cutting benefits , privatising healthcare plagues of mcdonald 's , spying ... why do you get all the bad us influence [ and not so much of the good americanization ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:american_styles_of_music ) never mind ttip , europe needs to go full [ tokugawa . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sakoku_edict_of_1635 ), 
  the best satire is that that hits close to home : - nhs gone britain has woken up to find the national health service replaced by signs promising that an exciting new health provider is coming soon . 
   countries i 'm talking about the us model as a whole . 
  i wish that education =  prosperity but among the developed countries manipulating markets and treating your workers like shit goes a lot farther . 
  and there 's this attitude among the bureaucratic elite that europeans are too educated and living too long to be docile workers ... 
  the problem is that no one is willing to talk assimilation and culture ( because big business thinks that well-assimilated immigrants will be too demanding ) . 
  as a result , immigration debates are between `` we need to open our hearts and pocketbooks and let 'em all in '' and `` let 's invade africa . '', 
  i 'm not against immigration per se , but i am against using immigration to divide the welfare state , siphon talent from africa and asia , and/or lower wages . 
  there is a huge difference between a friendly canadian or liberal american seeking to escape an un-european government , an educated but highly traditional chinese citizen , and a bunch of religious zealots from the middle east and north africa . 
  their archetype of the left is cuba and their archetype of the right is the usa , particularly the republicans . 
  nationalism and social-religious issues are neglected . 
  in europe at least , this makes classifying jobbik , df , front national , and the finns party difficult . 
  this is what sweden , denmark , and norway effectively have . 
  you get the convenience of a two-party system with the diversity of a proportional system . 
  it 's kind of borked in sweden , though , as neither coalition got a majority and the third party does n't get along with either list ( too anti-immigrant , too pro-russia , concerns about corruption and violence ) . 
  there have also been drone threats . 
  the past 500 years of european history have seen declining violence , increasing scientific knowledge , and generally more comfortable standards of living . 
  adjusted for population , wwii was nothing compared to genghis khan . 
  who knows whether the recent deterioration is the trend or the aberration . 
  the far right is often even more economically socialistic than the moderate left , eg in finland , denmark , france , and formerly greece . 
  us republicans are both far-right and radical centrist in europe , and their growing concerns about espionage , tyrannical police , and economic opportunity arguably give them a dash of the far left ( as opposed to the mainstream left that is indistinguishable from the christian democracy bloc in many countries ) . 
  comparing political spectra across countries is hard . 
  europe : making australia look soft on migrants since 2015 i never thought i 'd live to see europeans support armed drone strikes , much less against boats that * might * be owned by common criminals . 
  ground invasion , though , is a whole different ballgame . 
  ed : according to a pew global survey , only three un members have widespread public support for armed drones : the usa , israel , and kenya ( poacher scum ) . 
  italy , for instance , only has 18 % support . 
  rip representative government, 
  dunno how long libya will stay failed when the west is bombing them . 
  what are the odds of a gaddafi dynasty restoration ? 
  there are a number of pretenders in exile in algeria . 
  the new european dream : in every town , a restaurant that serves gunk even americans do n't eat anymore . 
  wow beautiful !, 
  okay , now georgia 's on my mind :-), 
  there 's none yet either , but hollande is negotiating to get a [ macdos ] ( http://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/macdos ) included in ttip . 
  reducing the role of the state and giving global megacorps , which are disproportionately owned , financed , and led by americans , lots of power . 
  it 's been pretty clear to date that europe is conceding a lot more than the us on the negotiations . 
  it 's essentially a right-wing americanization treaty from what 's been released to date . 
  i 'm impressed that the center-right ( by european standards ) democrats have more balls than most of the `` socialist '' pms in europe . 
  this is a response to highlight the more underrated ones . 
  european politics in general seem to have been turned on their head . 
  the spd is * more * pro-american than the csu/cdu ? 
  wtf ... the us is supposed to be a right-wing country compared to germany so why is the german left more pro-us than the german right ? 
  still does n't explain why the right is being louder at criticizing what is effectively a right-leaning country . 
  i 'm guessing nationalism and paranoia are more at play . 
  i 'm specifically talking about afd , which would fit well in the american centre-right but which is not particularly friendly to washington . 
  history does n't help . 
  of the six main towns in [ medieval finland ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:medieval_finnish_towns ) , one is now in russia , one was disincorporated in 1558 , and two ( rauma and naantali ) no longer appear [ among finland 's 20 largest cities ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/template:largest_cities_of_finland ) turku is the only city in finland that was one of the top 6 in the 1400s and is still in the top 6 today ; porvoo barely sneaks in at # 18 . 
  tl ; dr : the main cities in finland are almost completely different than they were in the middle ages . 
   middle class libertarians that value conservative social structure sounds like they 'd love the usa and particularly the gop . 
   afraid of loosing money to the us wait , so they 're anti-american ? 
  they basically want to model germany after the us but hate the us ? 
  what happened to all the left-wing critics of the us and where 's our party in europe ? 
  there must be dozens of us , i mean dozens !, 
  the militias and the sovereign citizen movement . 
  the us tea party manages to be both far-right , centrist , and far-left : their economic policies are far more free market than any pre-crisis government , but since the european far right is generally very anti-market , in france or denmark the republicans are closer to the socialists ( gasp ! ), 
  than to the front national or df . 
  their increasing wariness of surveillance and ttip at least put them in the far left . 
  * ed : and their growing openness about poverty and the willingness of santorum and jeb to praise europe and canada for economic justice, 
  well , then how the bloody hell is cameron going to hold his little referendum ? 
  because i know countries can leave the eu , but i do n't know if they can just cancel all their treaties with eu members . 
  where 'd all the old stuff go ? 
  it 's kind of disconcerting seeing an [ epic medieval castle surrounded by nondescript modernism and parking lots that could be anywhere . 
  ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/place/57130+savonlinna,+finland/@61.8652051,28.8967101,796m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m2!3m1!1s0x469a507857f71da5:0xad159d48cd67bc4e!6m1!1e1 ), 
  is he really managing to defend both commies and nazis ? 
  so [ these people ] ( http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/main/commienazis ) actually exist ? 
  can a country just renounce a treaty obligation like that ? 
  even * russia * does n't openly use the death penalty , and i 'd imagine hungary would be held to a higher standard than japan , the usa , or south korea . 
   you nailed it with point # 1 , open borders is all about destroying the welfare state . 
  and destroying the developing world too !, 
  let 's screw two continents with one stone . 
  never mind that there are successful societies that have had immigration , but the immigrants have assimilated for chrissakes . 
  i sure hope you 'd ask about their political leanings first . 
  i 'd rather take a salafi neighbor than one who insists on bringing her ak-47 to shropshire or believes that charity and social programs are fascist and who thinks the ukip is way too left for him . 
   yes , absolutely . 
  they all came from the same northern european culture . 
  i would always prefer western immigrants over others . 
  i 'd hope you 're talking about the nice liberal democratic ones . 
  most europeans would probably take salafis over the `` muh freedom , gun is good , penis is evil , charity , secular education , and nhs are soshulism '' crowd . 
  it 's longer run , about creating a black and brown underclass in order to a ) reduce support for the welfare state by making the poor into a recognizable `` them '' and thereby to convince blonde [ scandis ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/cities/2015/feb/12/ban-beggars-norwegian-cities-homeless ) to accept a lower living standard . 
  b ) allow european leaders to say `` nope , we 're not racist one iota '' while arming tyrants and bombing african and arab countries from afar , often to oust the same tyrants that they previously supported ( gaddafi , assad , gbagbo ... ) c ) americanization . 
  sweden proudly describes itself as `` the most americanized country in the world . '',
