  is being more positive about europe than most european politicians . 
  may you live in interesting times , indeed . 
  the resistance against the nazis . 
  the stalin years encompass both russia 's greatest military triumphs and some horrific purges and famines ; those who point to justified sacrifices are more talking about bravery in the face of the third reich than about the gulags . 
  yes . 
  italy is very different from sweden and i 'm glad so many europeans are willing to make moves of that magnitude while recognizing the inferiority of the us . 
  nice to see how cosmopolitan people are nowadays in europe . 
  it was so refreshing hearing in the usa thread how aware most europeans are of the problems in the us although it came across as `` poverty and suffering are n't my cup of tea , but that 's just me '' rather than actual concern . 
  if only we in the us could break the political correctness culture and get the truth out there without a wave of paranoia all the earth will be social democracy . 
  even some republicans and scientists are awakening : http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/economic-inequality-it-s-far-worse-than-you-think/?wt.mc_id=sa_facebook, 
  most south africans say things were better under apartheid , too . 
  nostalgia is not solely a european affliction . 
  stalingrad was pretty awesome and it happened under stalin . 
  note that they did n't ask about stalin but about what took place under his watch , which includes defeating the nazi regime in ww2 . 
  this is as absurd as the rt pool that implied that 16 % of frenchmen support daesh , more even than gaza . 
  user name ends in - nen . 
  finnishness confirmed . 
  the thing that drives me crazy about 1 % ers is that they 're just like hipsters . 
  they move into social democracies because of their high quality of life , and then inflate the cost of housing and retail while lobbying for the same policies that reduce said quality of life . 
  then they move on . 
  ( mexico =  us =  canada =  switzerland ), 
  follow the money ... even billionaires would rather spend their time and money in europe or singapore than the us , and would rather be in the us than in highly unequal mexico , brazil , or s. africa . 
  even billionaires are better off in a welfare state ( like the uk ) than in a highly unequal and brutal capitalist society ( like the us ) even if they make more . 
  look at where the global 1 % buys homes and goes on vacation ... geneva , copenhagen , paris , nice , monaco , whistler , davos ... 
  in europe , the only people who want to change things are the politicians , and their reasoning is often mathematical trickery ( let 's measure labour costs by the hour but gdp by the person so denmark is therefore too expensive for companies ) or collusion with us-based companies or companies that milk the us ' lack of a welfare state to boost their profits ( cough cough bayer ag cough cough ), 
  i 've seen studies that say that a welfare state is better for * everyone * ; look at how many billionaires would rather live and invest in london , geneva , auckland , or nice than the us , and look at how many billionaires would rather live and invest in the us than brazil or mexico . 
  the only people who do n't like a welfare state are a ) americans and b ) members of parliament . 
  higher wages reflect a more advanced and desirable society . 
  do n't let suits in copenhagen or westminster tell you otherwise . 
  but americans are among the only peoples on earth who are both individualist and so selfless that they 'd rather a billionaire be happy than themselves be happy , with a healthy dose of apocalyptic sadomasochism that teaches that everything good in this life is irrelevant as long as you believe in jesus and a ghetto mentality that education and reason are `` acting white '' ( blacks ) or `` turning the kids into gaytheists '' ( whites ) . 
  it is scary that american firms have so much influence in the parliaments of europe , but hey better them than russia !, 
  sounds like catalonia . 
  two languages , tons of immigrants , strong anarchist and anti-clerical tradition . 
  poland is even more homogeneous than japan . 
  so your reasons to move to the us are a long list of problems that all are at least as severe and far more entrenched in the us ? 
  moving to the us because your home country is too americanized is the height of folly . 
  so provable facts are now butthurt ? 
  political correctness in the states has gone way too far . 
  it 's a disgrace that someone living in the netherlands would even think the us is a decent place to raise a family and live . 
  propaganda is a powerful thing . 
  basically , the us is opposite day in terms of morality . 
  suffering builds character , it 's cool to exploit your people and others , etc. 
  i do n't see why europeans want anything to do with the us and i do n't see how any rational being would choose to live there . 
  interestingly , http://news.err.ee/v/culture/0db38005-577d-447a-b606-f145039799f3 , your neighbors in estonia is going the other way and getting into paganism , which is awesome . 
  maybe time to head north ? 
  if you 're surprised , you have n't been following european politics at all . 
  the same dynamics of cutting back on benefits , blaming the poor , etc that were exclusively the province of the us gop are now mainstream in every european country , even norway . 
  i see so many parallels between irreligious europeans and second-and-third generation ethnic muslims : the grandparents are traditional muslims/catholics/lutheran / calvinist/anglican/greek orthodox , the parents ( these include most muslim immigrants ) are secular or even outright atheist , and the children coming of age are getting into american evangelicalism , daesh , neopaganism ( in baltic countries ) ... not saying neopaganism is bad . 
  more indirectly : increasing the total workforce , passing reforms that target immigrants but also catch a fair number of natives ( similar to the failed begging ban and nav crackdowns in norway , which were targeted at roma and muslims respectively but which had negative impacts on thousands of white norwegians ) , and decreasing social solidarity by having more ethnic and religious differences between poor and rich . 
  social democracy works best when citizens see themselves as part of one big family , and bringing in ( no-questions-asked ) religious fundamentalists who do n't speak danish kind of breaks up that family . 
  i 'm starting to think europe is going to need to go full [ tokugawa ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sakoku_edict_of_1635 ) . 
   that 's like saying you like doing mathematics wrong because it 's interesting . 
  no , it 's like reading / r/badmathematics or / r/badhistory because it 's interesting . 
  you are discrediting the entertainment value of flawed or cherry-picked academics . 
   basically what started in 18th/19th century britain and germany is now happening with 21st century america . 
  but the fact that it 's reaching into germany ( for instance ) is terrifying ... how some of the most secular countries in the world are getting into this sort of religion is perplexing , although considering the economic and political upheavals in many parts of europe it 's a lot better than daesh or golden dawn . 
   far right politician now party clown visited assad in syria and said the west should work with him to fight extremism the mideast is full of unpleasant choices : assad ( bad ) vs. daesh ( worse ) vs. israel ( conspiratorial , anti-europe/anti-american , checkered human-rights record ) vs. iraq ( corrupt and sectarian ) vs. kurds ( marxist-leninists ) vs. iran ( undemocratic illiberal shiite theocracy ) vs. saudi ( undemocratic illiberal sunni theocracy ) vs. turkey ( putin with better kebabs ) vs. egypt ( military junta alert ! ) ... 
  maybe jordan can pacify that region , but it 's been contested by great powers since before the dawn of islam . 
  1 ) wealthy businessmen benefit from mass immigration ( `` social dumping '' and an excuse to exploit immigrants ' source countries while looking `` not racist '' ) . 
  anyone who opposes mass immigration and supports helping asians and africans in their home countries and/or cultural integration programs is cutting into their bottom line , but it 's more pc to just call them racist . 
  2 ) there is a long history of tit-for-tat in danish-swedish immigration policy ( to the point that one df politician actually suggested putting a barrier on the \u00d8resund bridge in violation of schengen to keep muslim swedes out ) . 
  this is essentially a semi-jocular threat . 
  iss a conspiracy !!!, 
   the proper conclusion is that we 're wedged in between totalitarian or authoritarian superpowers and that we should emancipate ourselves as mainland europeans from the russians , the british , the chinese and the americans . 
    i would seek close partnership with south america if i were the eu . 
  unfortunately , there is not a single government in the eu ( except maybe for orban ) who is willing to piss off the great powers that much . 
  this is what offsets it : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/big_mac_index did you not read / u/fiscun ? 
   i think it is certainly plausible , based on what i know about other ** high cost-of-living ** countries, 
   high cost-of-living operating words . 
  this is a problem in the long run in most parts of the world that have an excellent standard of living . 
  most of the extremely developed countries ( nordic , canada , aus/nz , nl , switzerland ) require people to go deeper into debt just to pay the bills than their american counterparts . 
  ooh . 
  ed : also , $ 1100/month is pretty close to the rent one would expect to pay for a $ 4000/month in come in the us . 
  where do low-wage * swiss * live ? 
  it 's a sad day when low-wage workers in europe 's richest country must live in closets to make ends meet . 
  gross oversimplification but in practice often true : http://rationalwiki.org/wiki/horseshoe_theory#criticism, 
  which gets on euro nerves almost as much . 
  maybe europeans do n't like praise , but being overly critical of the us comes across as `` yanksplaining . 
  '' : `` you do n't know how bad the us is . '', 
  * most europeans are , and think themselves to be , well educated and do n't like being told that they do n't know enough about a country they probably have never been to . 
  * `` your leaders are so dumb . 
  putin is the man . '', 
  * it 's completely different when you 're staring down russian nukes than when you 're in the middle of tennessee without an international border for hundreds of miles . 
  * `` i love how you have all these cute little sidewalk cafes , etc. 
  and not walmarts and such . '', 
  * that 's cause you 're in the tourist downtown . 
  the suburbs are usa-lite with hypermarkets and fast-food chains . 
  also , europeans are people , not exhibits in a museum . 
  * `` please vote syriza or podemos not those mainstream plutocrats . '', 
  * europeans do n't like being told who to vote for . 
  it makes americans look like the `` white saviour industrial complex . 
  '' * -- i should know , this account 's been there . 
  still , can not tell if far-left ... or far-right . 
  it is n't . 
  every northern european country bar finland has more household debt than the us : http://www.cityam.com/1411501631/debt-map http://www.huffingtonpost.ca/2015/02/05/household-debt-crisis-canada_n_6623322.html http://jakubmarian.com/household-debt-in-europe-by-country-map/ the average dane or norwegian has nearly 3 times as much debt as income . 
  the us does poorly on many things , but this is n't one of them . 
  to be honest the us does a lot of bad stuff , both to its own citizens and to others . 
  however , the period of human history that saw undisputed us leadership ( 1991-2007 ) was statistically one of the most peaceful and prosperous humanity had ever seen . 
  what 's so scary is that it shows a complete lack of realpolitik . 
  like it or not , the rules of the us and its allies underline every world institution , corporation , nongovernmental organization , and country excepting north korea and maybe cuba .
