  still does n't mean you can find a job . 
  meanwhile , as an american i 'm in the same category , if not worse , as a ugandan and a laotian . 
  thinking i should commit a serious crime in norway as norwegian prisons offer a better quality of life than i 'm getting as an upper middle class american . 
  / int / is leaking . 
  do n't be so sad . 
  you have the entire eu . 
  you could be swedish or danish just as easily as i ( an american ) can be kansan or californian . 
  it 's better than having three countries in europe take all the burden . 
  a relatively stable regime controlled area in coastal syria . 
  or somewhere in africa with no or easily bribed border control . 
  to turkey , for starters . 
  integration with montenegro and macedonia ? 
  why again is this europe 's problem and not the muslim world 's ? 
  the west should send them right back . 
   no other option why not just stay outside the eu then ? 
  if the refugees help europe weed out all the radicals , then they 'd be useful and deserve to stay . 
   well that makes it okay then . 
  if i , living in a generally very white neighborhood , said that i was afraid of a group of 30 black men dressed in thuggish attire and walking around the street , because i associate that imagine with incoming waves of criminality , it would all be ok and i totally would n't be called a racist . 
  this was a group of both men * and women * , the latter of whom generally do n't commit violent crime . 
  even the almighty guardian is more concerned about clicks than about its principles . 
  it would rather make some black and brown londoners look racist if it would generate more ad revenue . 
  great as in prominent and with strong fanbases . 
  think `` great powers '' , not `` great morally . '', 
   no more catering to the demands of the un , which is dominated by islamic countries wha ... muslim countries are a minority in the un ( < 60/193 ) . 
  norway has hundreds of thousands of euros in sovereign wealth per capita that they can draw on anytime . 
  they could make every man , woman , and child quite rich with the stroke of a pen . 
  something tells me they wo n't be having a us-like recession ( or hell even a finnish-like recession ) anytime soon . 
  with the legit syrian ones , the problem is that poor ( eu and non-eu countries ) pass the buck on to rich ones . 
  i do n't know how many bangladeshi * citizens * are seeking asylum in the west , but i know that there are a lot of stateless bengali muslims ( rohingya ) who got caught on the wrong side of the border after colonialism ended and who neither burma nor bangladesh treat with dignity . 
  we in the west need to work directly with the developing world to not kick their problems to us . 
   never try to question our western way of life just because it is n't perfect and is open for questioning does n't mean that on the whole it was a tragedy . 
   africa should have been left colonized until proper nation-states have formed . 
  so should the us . 
  and japan . 
  and germany after wwii . 
  and italy after wwii . 
  and eastern europe . 
  the whole world should have been a colony of whatever your country is . 
  is there any european ( eu/eea ) country that has n't gone all illiberal-conservative and politically divided in the past 5 years ? 
  this is implementing the right to be forgotten ruling , which is an eu-wide ruling that originates in spain . 
  both ways . 
  it excludes disloyal non-russians ( kadyrov is an honorary ethnic russian because of his services to the kleptocracy ) and can include eastern ukrainians , baltic russians , and arguably even some belarusians . 
  they 're ossis . 
  even worse than backward radical muslims . 
  in theory , yes , mass immigration can make everyone better off if handled right . 
  in practice , there 's this thing called culture that gets in the way . 
  conflict will likely increase , tourism will implode as everywhere looks like new york , and criminals and terrorists will flee to whichever country has the weakest rule of law . 
  outside of american and maybe canadian society , neoclassical economics does n't really apply . 
  it 's a bunch of formulas that can not be applied to the real world except in the simplest of cases . 
  so that 's why you definitely should n't watch too much american tv and let too many american lobbyists come into brussels or helsinki . 
  once finnish parents start cracking down on lazy children , the welfar state is dead . 
   extended family depends on how tight that family is . 
  in the us people literally disinherit their own children who do n't work hard enough , and while finland has a strong system of social democracy when you start talking about `` moochers '' and `` wasters '' it is n't much of a logical leap to apply it to native finns who take advantage of the system too . 
  i am of two minds about sd . 
  on the one hand , the way migration is currently handled ( worldwide ) benefits no one but the bankers and ceos . 
  most people in sweden and the third world alike see their standard of living take a hit , see rich white people exploit them while saying `` we 're not racist troglodytes !, 
  we love diversity ! '', 
  and see nationalist charlatans raging against `` the foreign menace '' and/or `` brain drain opportunists . '', 
  on the other hand , i think a lot of the problems that immigrants face are also reflected within sd . 
  for instance , [ criminality ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lars_isovaara ) , [ violence ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kent_ekeroth#cite_ref-13 ) , insularity , unwillingness to negotiate , two-facedness ( why on earth did a pro-welfare , anti-immigration party support the budget of the anti-welfare , pro-immigration moderaterna last year ) , poor work ethic and [ general judgment ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20140912/sweden-democrats-in-new-secret-film-scandal ) , leeching off programs they [ are n't entitled to ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20120609/41332 ) ... on the other other hand , i like that they 're willing to stand up to the eu and to the moderaterna 's attempts to reform the swedish welfare state until sweden has its own google and facebook . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_net_migration_rate per capita , afghanistan , mali , lesotho , and sierra leone all have higher net emigration than mexico or guatemala . 
  why ? 
  it 's the whole fucking point of nato to stop incursions on peaceful nato members . 
  russia now knows that nato is a paper tiger . 
  if estonia had invoked collective self defense and called up the uk , us , germany , france , turkey . 
  poland ... he 'd be a free man by now . 
  putin does n't want nuclear war . 
  a ) he was arrested on mexican soil by mexican police . 
  there was no violation of the us ' territory and mexico and the us remain allies . 
  b ) it was a shame obama did n't do more . 
  he could 've just told the mexicans to repatriate him or have the navy seals do it . 
  follow the money . 
  if something in politics does n't make sense , there 's probably money involved . 
  that 's why all the `` solutions '' to the european migrant crisis are so asinine . 
  no country should have to choose between letting everyone in and making the problem worse , which is what most of the nationalist solutions would actually do : - cut foreign aid . 
  in a war-torn country , cutting aid will only make more people starve , worsen the conflict , and lead to more refugees that turkey , morocco , etc do n't want . 
  - bomb countries that send immigrants . 
  at best , this puts a band-aid on a broken leg . 
  at best , this puts a big fat casus belli on europe 's head ; bombing almost never solves problems . 
  it 's just like why weed is n't legal in most parts of thr us ; someone 's found a way to get rich off the status quo . 
  if ingrid and jean-claude are competing against abdullah from malmo for housing and jamal from ferguson for jobs , then the landlords and employers will get rich . 
  why ? 
  a successful russian invasion of eastern estonia is exactly what nato was created to prevent , where an attack on one nato member is an attack on them all . 
  if an american soldier was snatched from alaska you 'd better believe the us would be considering force . 
   the poorer those countries are , the harder it is for them to actually get the funds necessary to make the trip indeed , so all the somali , eritrean , liberian , sudanese , and afghan refugees that keep getting resettled are mirages because they are some of the poorest countries in the world . 
  next time , we ( nato ) should invade russia if they try something like this . 
  and the elites in countries like ( say ) sweden or the netherlands have basically said that the full-on welfare state is `` uncompetitive '' and `` nostalgic '' because they 're `` small open economies '' that need to have the `` next google '' via `` openness '' ( all actual n. euro buzzwords ) . 
  it 's why shinzo abe in japan was forced to include structural austerity ( the third arrow ) in his stimulus plan , which broke the whole dang thing , and it 's why bernie sanders and the tea party are more opposed to immigration than the business left and right ( the same can be said about europe , subbing in the far-left and far-right parties in each country , although trump makes front national look tame ) . 
  mankind faces a choice between social democracy in every country on earth and social democracy in none , and right now the nones are winning via simultaneous brain drain , interfering in emerging markets ( shock therapy in russia and goldman influence in china , anyone ? 
  ) , and dividing both rich and poor countries using immigration and corporate raiding . 
  and the business right tolerates it because 1 ) it lowers support for the welfare state 1a ) it divides people both in sending and receiving countries , meaning a welfare state for none instead of a welfare state for all ( sweden wo n't want a welfare state if they 're getting all these blasted arabs and the arab countries ca n't support one with brain drain ) . 
  pure divide and conquer . 
  2 ) it allows them to continue exploiting poor countries and not holding them accountable . 
  3 ) it allows them to say `` look !, 
  we 're not racist '' 4 ) globalization fuck yeah !, 
  ` murica for everyone !, 
  even if not , why not house them in bulgaria or romania ? 
  not in schengen and tons of empty houses and villages where they can settle without competing for jobs and housing and leeching off nordic benefit systems . 
  i understand that non-eu countries do n't treat refugees very well , but once you 're in the eu you in theory are protected and should n't be able to move on and on and on until you reach germany , sweden , or finland . 
  wait , the migrants are deciding even * sweden * is n't good enough for them and are going to finland now ?
