  the same old guard who were supposed to be surpassed by rising asia ( goldman , jp morgan , mellon , barclays ) have made * a fortune * off china ; roughly a quarter of chinese corporate debt is denominated in [ usd ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/finance-and-economics/21646803-debt-ridden-emerging-markets-are-heading-nasty-dollar-hangover-feeling-green ) , with a ton held by wall street . 
  at the same time , the improving standards of living and freedom in emerging countries have reversed ; [ world peace peaked in 2007 ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/politics/world-peace-these-are-the-only-11-countries-in-the-world-that-are-actually-free-from-conflict-9669623.html ) and the overwhelming majority of the world 's population is losing [ relative ] ( http://blogs-images.forbes.com/timworstall/files/2015/01/oxfam1.jpg ) and [ absolute ] ( https://cdn.publet.com/api/file/ehh63x1aqcoaqjrkuoq2/convert?w=700&amp;signature=9a800a1507049e983e3c39198072b927979cdacaf89b7c237f8f283de1e5667c&amp;policy=eyjjywxsijogwyjyzwfkiiwgimnvbnzlcnqixswgimv4cglyesi6iciynti0njqwndawin0= ) wealth . 
   only won 19,5 % of the votes do ordinary danes feel like this is a betrayal of democracy ? 
   danish people 's party and liberal alliance are n't they pretty much opposite on everything ? 
  df is generally right-wing on immigration and culture ( with some ridiculous policies like taxing english words in advertisements to restrict americanization among the creative class ) but left-wing on preserving the welfare state , while liberal alliance is exactly the inverse . 
   some of the ` red-bloc ' parties on a number of issues no surprise . 
  sweden is already doing this and the previous `` red '' government in denmark was probably the most right-wing neoliberal in the history of danish democracy in terms of healthcare , welfare , educational , and economic policy . 
  seriously , they have as much in common with traditional islam as evangelical fundies do with traditional protestantism . 
  rejecting any sort of institutions , conspiracy minded , treating relatively minor sins as unforgivable , extremely literal interpretations of obvious metaphors , apocalyptic beliefs ... vs. keeping clergy , deep traditional roots , caring for the poor and for nature , not engaging in foolish or needless wars , working to overcome violence and backwardness , and loving the sinner as we are all sinners . 
  the free-market libertarian side of the right wing is doing * really * well . 
  they nearly won the governor 's race in vermont last year ( killing an nhs-style healthcare plan ) and are even making some inroads among european/canadian/australian governments ( on ttip , austerity/economic reform , business-friendliness , and reducing the `` gravy train '' ) . 
  expect to see a libertarian/socialist divide in the us replacing the old progress vs. jeezus one . 
   europe and the eu all the world 's countries need to do so . 
  no guarantee that the us would actually change , but still . 
  agreed . 
  the fact that japanese , poles , and italians have more faith in the us than americans do speaks volumes about the level of real world education in those countries . 
  these experiments have been tried countless times but have never gone anywhere because they 've scared the employer mafias . 
  `` experiment . '', 
  that means they are n't committing to implement it . 
  if they were to actually specify a euro or dollar amount and the conditions under which it would become permanent , that would actually be something . 
  otherwise , it 's just idle circle-jerking . 
  oh , and ireland . 
  why do they enter greece , leave greece , and hope to reenter the eu in hungary ? 
  that 's three times as many border crossings and three times as many chances to get detected than if they set out for italy . 
  ... until the muslims do it . 
  save the earth !, 
  wipe your arse with a salafi !, 
   uses pints instead of liters  claims to border russia is that you , sarah palin ? 
  estonia , lithuania , hungary , portugal , netherlands . 
  they 're just hatin ' on the nordic countries . 
  gay fascist jews trained in lithuania . 
  romance influence confirmed . 
  last names , too can be very german . 
  lars von * trier * ( a city in germany ) and coster waldau come to mind in the world of film alone . 
  and he announces it at , of all places , an * architecture convention . 
  * odd . 
   the explanation for their rise ( tl ; dr globalisation ) interestingly , progress is generally pro-british/pro-american and does not appear to be as paranoid/pro-russia/anti-american as some of the other far-rightists . 
   siv jensen 's biggest hero is margaret thatcher and i believe she also greatly admires reagan ... putting her exactly on the opposite end of the political spectrum from df and true finns ( sd appears to be more moderate economically ) . 
  yes . 
  i was kind of talking in generalities but there are definite differences . 
  for instance : sweden democrats are not anti-russia . 
  true finns are and df is hard to tell . 
  the progress party in norway is not at all anti-english or anti-american . 
  only df and the true finns are so obsessed with language politics . 
  i am not at all certain about this , but the df is probably the worst of the major `` far-right '' parties at attracting young voters . 
  because of the relatively low percentage of immigrants in finland , the true finns are not as much of a single-issue party as the others and are actually more moderate on immigration than their north germanic neighbors . 
   van  schweinhund is denmark really that germanized ? 
  ( i know * van * is dutch and low german , but i take it denmark is by far the most `` german '' of the nordics . ), 
  a more few reasons : - they are able and willing to present themselves as * the * defenders of the nordic welfare state , and to present immigration as a conspiracy to deliberately undermine said welfare state . 
  never mind that df is pledging its support to a coalition with cut-happy healthcare-rationing tax-cutting arch-neoliberals venstre and liberal alliance ; it 's the thought that counts . 
  in much of europe , but especially in the nordic states , tradition is closely equated with white , tolerant , homogeneous , and trusting social democratic societies . 
  the combination of anti-immigration , anti-islam , and anti-capitalism makes them very appealing to elderly and traditionalist voters . 
  - wedge issues ( like / u/weenedtofederalize mentions ) . 
  culture war issues like taxing english words in advertisement appeal to a certain set of voters who have a mentality that the nordic countries are `` under siege '' from the us , the muslim hordes , and russia . 
  df has not been as successful at tapping into this stream of thinking , particularly among young voters , but golden dawn and front national have . 
  well , you have rising household debt and a government that is pretty right-wing by norwegian standards ; where does that come from ? 
  does anyone really think radical danish nationalists are going to go after jutlanders because they 're assimilated italians , not `` true danes ? '', 
  is there any chance that normans will face discrimination because they are n't descended 100 % from the gauls ? 
  if they 're born in france , speak french , have a french first name , are fully integrated into the french nation , and identify as french , then they 're french . 
  i do n't see how anyone could possibly be offended by `` impure '' ancestors from 1000 years ago ; even racists are n't that hung up on purity that they 'll throw a fit if 2 % of norman dna is found to be nordic . 
  yours . 
  my country got the idea from you . 
  the real problem is that countries , especially smallish ones like denmark , are not nearly as sovereign as they once were . 
  electoral politics in denmark , sweden , finland , israel , and japan are basically window dressing as `` the markets '' , not the will of the people , dictate what governments can and can not do . 
  even though norway and switzerland have the money in the bank to give all their citizens a basic middle-class income , activist investors would send 'em into a recession within the year . 
  even without , lobbyists would choke them through their trading policies and capital flight . 
  look at how nice european companies like novo nordisk , bayer ag , and astrazeneca are lobbying republicans in washington to keep healthcare expensive and are collaborating with brussels to raise spending in europe . 
  until we return to truly sovereign westphalia states , democracy in 99 % of countries is an illusion . 
  i simply believe that democracy is a tool to yield good results and that the nordic countries are indisputably the best countries in the world . 
  the world would be a far better place if everywhere outside of europe had remained a colony to the present day . 
  unfortunately , the us and global elite control everything and will fuck over anyone who tries to reduce poverty and institute social democracy . 
  the usa forced putin into power by looting russia and they 're well on the way to giving golden dawn the reins in greece . 
  even a unified europe could n't do shit as long as wall street exists . 
  a nuclear eradication of the us is the only way for europe to be self-governing . 
  new york city , 2008 and before that [ florida and california , 2005 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_housing_bubble ) . 
  greece ( and the rest of europe ) just had crappy timing . 
   americans harmless maybe when armed with a camera , but when armed with military hardware or control over the banks ? 
  scary stuff . 
   freedom croissants `` croissant '' is still a french word so epic fail on your cowboy friend 's part . 
  tl ; dr : a trainwreck waiting to happen . 
  so three different parties can claim to have won : social democrats ( most seats ) df ( most seats of any governing party ) venstre ( party of pm ), 
  why should denmark -- a country that has worked as well for 50 years as any other -- have to choose between ttip-neoliberal americanization ( the mainstream center - `` left '' and center-right and fascism ( allegedly df ) ? 
  it 's disgusting and reflects the bankruptcy of the european establishment . 
  unless capitalism globally can be fixed ( either the us is wiped off the face of the earth or europe goes madagascar and shuts its borders to globalist media and capital ) , there is no way that i see europe ending up with anything other than open fascism in the next two decades . 
  typo of course ... sorry , i mean if / r/europe got control of the political process . 
  i 'd like to see the same law passed for the us ( either with those enlightened values or quintessentially american ones like supporting the free market and the rights of jews ) . 
  the strongest defenders of the welfare state and freedom from religious zealots in all of europe . 
  quite the opposite of nazism . 
  1 ) most european countries do n't give visas to americans . 
  non european whites are basically banned from settling 2 ) most europeans are n't protective enough of their social democracy . 
  until the us is crippled they 'll continue voting for neoliberals . 
   are you proposing that immigrant sign a pledge of secularism in countries with an established church ? 
  is n't that a contradiction in terms ? 
  they should pledge to respect the traditions of their home country while not forcing their religion on others . 
  many muslims and crazy americanized evangelicals would fail the test . 
   also , what if they are liberals or free marketeers you mean the kind of people who are fucking up europe right now ? 
  when you have these sorts of teabaggers voting , you end up threatening the safety net , healthcare , etc. 
  and creating more suffering for everyone while destroying the culture , health , and solidarity of millennium-old societies from within . 
  this is what 's happening in scandinavia and finland ; the young generations are brainwashed by american media and reality tv and charlatan cults like the danish liberal alliance and are forcing austerity even though there is no pressing need for it . 
   the december agreement was not the only option left because a ) a reelection can yield varying results and claiming it would be the same thing all over again is to claim this is a problem inherent to democracy and b ) every coalition or party can adjust their budgets in a way as to encourage their counterparts to vote for it .
