  62 % is a majority . 
  you do have a point . 
  i heard you get extra monarch points for that mission . 
  what i do n't get is why us instating border controls makes everyone go mad ? 
  gib s\u00fcdtirol and we 'll get rid of the controls again ( only that we 'll be moving them further south / evil laugh / ), 
  love it . 
  especially german carnival-style humor . 
  never got it . 
  never will . 
  back in school they taught us to call it klammeraffe . 
  dont know anyone who still calls it like that , it 's just been `` at '' since like forever . 
  leave the balkan out of this !, 
  shotgun !, 
  one more summer wo n't hurt , right ? 
  he never said it was n't . 
  no national minimum wage . 
  it says so in the bottom . 
  they get told that they have to leave greece within 30 days due to faked papers and theyre able to move on to salzburg that easy . 
  good job . 
  so we won the german civil war after all . 
  sweet . 
  still waiting for prussias surrender . 
  be glad theres life as long as you can have some , assholes are gon na show up anyhow !, 
  * better a schnitzel on the plate than in fritzls basement . 
  how is turkey a place where they 're doomed to death ? 
  i 'd say the sea between greece and turkey is more of a deathpit . 
  austria smells like the first hint of spring , when rain hits our sound of music meadows and creates alpine yodeling in your nose . 
  and hitler . 
  i found the real reason . 
  * the public debate regarding street view intensified in april 2010 when an upper austrian pensioner threatening the driver of a google 360-degree camera vehicle with a pickaxe . 
  hermann zach from steyregg said he became so angry at the sight of the car outside his home that he chased after its driver wielding an axe . 
  neighbours eventually managed to keep the 70-year-old man from following the google employee any further . 
  * http://searchengineland.com/austria-ends-ban-google-street-view-74518, 
  what about star wars ? 
  i thinks it 's a capacity thing - not a fixed number . 
  however bavaria should be pretty pleased with the austrian cap . 
  some more reading : http://diepresse.com/home/politik/innenpolitik/4852932/passau_der-konflikt-an-der-grenze-zu-deutschland, 
  you do realize germany has a limit of 50/hour at each of the border crossings ? 
  do the numbers and you 'll see why there 's this limit of 3.200 on austrian borders . 
  afaik google got the permission to start street view but with certain restraints . 
  google never bothered to start it as the restraints were obviously too much for them . 
  restraints are ( at least in austria , probably similar in de ) : - blur any person and sensible persons surroundings ( entrance to church , etc ) plus license plates of vehicles - blur private areas which cant be seen by a normal pedestrian ( peoples gardens ) - blur anyones building that requests it to be blurred heres more info in german : http://www.derstandard.at/1303291129391/datenschutzkommission-google-street-view-ist-in-oesterreich-zulaessig, 
  the same graph on a per capita base would be sweet . 
  plus the \u00d6vp might be forming a coalition with the fp\u00d6 ( again ), 
  agree , this was blown out of proportions by our ever so truthful media trying to portray hungary as the bad neighbor even with false material . 
  agreed , but that 's not 1:1 what faymann said when he was riding the refugees welcome train . 
  '' `` sticking refugees in trains and sending them somewhere completely different to where they think they 're going reminds us of the darkest chapter of our continent 's history , '' he said . '', 
  he compared the act of sending people to a destination under a false pretext . 
  a stupid comparison nevertheless , but in no way did he state hungarians are nazis . 
  ignore the brit , rejoin the empire !, 
  probably ferdinand zvonimir https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ferdinand_zvonimir_von_habsburg, 
  hello old brother , still getting used to not have someone else do my thinking . 
  refreshing . 
  all i see is red and green . 
  an interactive version wouldve been sweet . 
  i guess because foreign funding of religions other than islam is still allowed ? 
  anyway , its the islam law , the first one being introduced in 1902 . 
  cant see a problem with that . 
  that too . 
  can any czech confirm the 3rd reich association with that term ? 
  in german its common name is tschechei , which equals czechia . 
  doesnt sound as good as tschechische republik as well . 
  b\u00f6hmen and m\u00e4hren , two keepers . 
  god wills it !, 
  still going strong . 
  only divided by made up borders , dont let that confuse you . 
  it would look somewhat weird . 
  because thats the alternative . 
  no no no , thats not how this works !, 
  return shadow kingdom !, 
  it is known . 
  thirded . 
  oh wait , i 'm not supposed to . 
  the big bosnian lake . 
  sail ahead . 
  jesus christ , we 're even behind the uk ? 
  i 'm out . 
  thanks !, 
  fixed : estonian airspace intrudes flight path of russian military plane, 
  3 more years . . 
  austria can not into threats . 
  its like the shy guy coming into a crowded bar trying to get a drink . 
  how is trento north of glorious bozen ? 
  i heard theres this small portion of land on an island called cuba . 
  how much is a treaty worth though nowadays ? 
  if even 20 year old treaties can be ignored then 200 year old treaties can be as well . 
  except when both parties know whats meant . 
  a reisef\u00fchrer can be called just a f\u00fchrer ( ` hand over the f\u00fchrer , now !, 
  i think britain offered their cyprus base iirc edit : ok that was only 6 days ago , not being used yet i think . 
  aircraft carrier charles de gaulle is the current base . 
  the video is about 150 years ringstra\u00dfe ( the street that replaced the city 's defensive wall as it was no longer needed ) - most of the buildings along that street were impressive buildings worthy of the habsburg empire 's main capital . 
  ah , the austro-balkan union seems to be a thing at last !, 
  a truly immersive sandbox experience . 
  same in austria . 
  no wait , we get a juice for that price . 
  ` hand over your solidarity ( / sovereignty ) or we will unleash the migrant ! ', 
  germany is the kid who started this bar fight . 
  we 're merely doing what we do best : run a country without having a clue of it , and i think we 're doing a damn good job at it . 
  we 're still mad about each others krainers . 
  german language .
