  rough translation : 1 ) arbeitslosenquote - unemployment 2 ) arbeitsproduktivit\u00e4t - labor productivity 3 ) wahlbeteiligung - voter turnout 4 ) kinderbetreuungsquote - childcare participation quota 5 ) bundesliga - bundesliga, 
  how many avocados does your tree produce a year ? 
  i cant imagine two trees would suffice for my guac consumption . 
  hell yeah we want in . 
  the election was annulled as there were irregularities when counting the votes, 
  not so sure about that . 
  we still got quite a while to go until the elections and if the next weeks are anything like the previous ones he 's up for a win . 
  as long as theyre not acting as if they were superior germans your migrants are perfectly fine lads . 
  we both know who the superior one is . 
  the one with the humor . 
  i agree , but there are laws for a reason . 
  even if you do it wrong for years , it does n't make it right . 
  breaking trust in democracy is never a good way , no matter who would 've won the first election . 
  30.000 votes that made the difference and they allowed themselves to make such foolish mistakes . 
  or you could have people overwatching the votes that are actually capable of a democracy . 
  tldr : austrian constitutional court just ruled that the elections are void and that the elections have to be repeated in austria . 
  bbc article : http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36681475, 
  i thought you put on a good show against france . . 
  yeah , they obviously were n't trained for their job . 
  and you ca n't believe that they acted as the guideline said , because if they did we would n't have this situation we have . 
  the summary itself is nice and well , but we 'll have to wait and see for the vfgh to fully read it and make their judgements . 
  the `` nobody would notice '' part is just a generalization for our national character , was n't too much linked to the fraud claims . 
  but it 's perfectly possible . 
  you ca n't make a judgement at this stage . 
  and again , when it 's 30,000 votes close , you ca n't have a situation like this and expect everyone to accept their fate . 
  any sane person would challenge that result . 
  thanks . 
  typical austrian behaviour that happened on that sunday . . `` well , we always did it like that , nobody will notice '' . 
  * bling bling bling , round 3 !, 
  those claims sounded pretty legit , but we do n't know a whole lot of what their 150 pages paper says . 
  the vfgh will have to deal with this . 
  and yes , elections should be flawless when it 's a matter of 30,000 votes . 
  sweden . 
  they seem like a pretty nice bunch . 
  i 'm not yet ready for a serious relationship . 
  ca n't we just be friends ? 
  * hears coast * * sinks into depression *, 
  southern germany , best germany . 
  that makes more sense . 
  from what i read his parents fled from vienna to tyrol because of the nazis ? 
  wow . 
  some media reported 16,000 . 
  other sources say 400 . . we 'll know in a few . 
  his parents were russian/estonian with dutch roots . 
  hofer stated that if austria wouldnt be in the eu today he would be against joining , but as we 're already in it he sees no point in leaving . 
  vdb is from kaunertal though . 
  green voters usually have a tendency to have a larger mailvoter percentage , but in reality you ca n't predict mail voting behaviour for certain . 
  it really depends on how much vdb voters they predicted this time . . could be off . 
  well , people are lazy . 
  around 860.000 ( every 7th vote ), 
  wahlhochrechnung.at show the votes without mail , the 50.2 % are those that try to predict those as well . 
  usually all the cities tend to vdb , especially vienna though . 
  edit : heres a link to the first round for vienna https://www.wien.gv.at/wahlergebnis/de/bp161/index.html, 
  yes , vienna usually takes longer to count votes . 
  vorarlberg for example is already counted , where hofer scored around 40 % . 
  vdb will get the majority of votes coming in by mail , so i guess we have to wait until monday if it stays like that . 
  orf.at - 50.2 % for hofer so far, 
  first prediction in : 50.2 % hofer, 
  depends how close its going to be . 
  should be at 17:00 , orf.at will be good enough , though german . 
  yup , definitely something that cost him votes . 
  this . 
  the austrian identity mainly got shaped after wwii and from then on was no longer the small german state ` excluded ' from germany . 
  its only van der bellen remaining , previous chief of the greens . 
  he 's the exact opposite of hofer politically . 
  vdb stated if he was president he would not accept a fp\u00d6 chancellor , even if they win the next election . 
  vdb is pro-eu ( deeper integration ) while hofer supports a stance against deeper integration ( he recently stated he 's not for an exit though ), 
  explains austria . 
  though in wildlife that would be considered suicidal or self-loathing , so yeah , sounds like us !, 
  yet in the czech republic and slovakia we 're called rakousko , completely different meaning - `` the guys from that castle over there '', 
  austrianize to take an infinite number of countries , make them hate your guts , and go back to start . 
  repeat if you like . 
  must be the kurds !, 
  austria was in a fucked condition up until the late thirties though , we even had our own civil war and stuff . 
  even if they kept their welcome policy intact they would have lost - the 180 degree thing was not what mattered . 
  they simply failed to do anything constructive , especially faymann . 
  i am nowhere comparing modern day italy to ah . 
  however once italy annexed st the german pop got treated like 2nd class citizens aswell . 
  why so attackfancy ? 
  the guy that advocated self determination for the people of ah but at the same time refused it for the german pop . 
  hipocrisy , isnt it ? 
  how is introducing border controls isolating italy ? 
  is austria isolated to germany right now ? 
  i can still drive my 15 mins to the next german town and buy cheap stuff without much of a hassle . 
  if you do your job right no border control will be needed . 
  and no , this wont stop the boats sinking in the mediterranean , i 'm 100 % sure leaving the border open will lead to even more boats sinking . 
  agree , they wouldnt gain too much from it anyway . 
  however on the numerous occasions when they did decide upon it , they were refused from it . 
  so much for your right to self determination , truman . 
  it was a high court actually , plus dublin case violations can only be sent back for 6 months . 
  from what i 've read the bundesheer is active on the green border again - will be hard to defend though when your camp is setup right next to the border, 
  migrants cant be sent back to hungary anyway , can they ? 
  a court in austria last year ruled hungary is not safe for them ? 
  now why did n't austria take part in the 2nd partition ? 
  if you dont do anything it will have effect on june 15th , no further actions needed . 
  if you want it prior you could just change contract . 
  i had to change contract from an old one without 4g to the new top sim l which has 4g in , which is 1 $ cheaper than my old one . 
  i think some are offering these contracts , but mine was 3 . 
  thanks , but my contract is 1 month old and does n't fit into these mentioned . 
  sweet , was unsure how the rules for frontier workers like me turn out .
