  i would imagine that the content providers do n't care about that . 
  but as this was an eu court that ruled , does n't this apply to all the member countries then ? 
  this is more or less what the eu has actually said . 
  wifis need to be protected . 
  if i understood the text correctly . 
  and that would mean there needs to be some system in place to grant users access rights . 
  of course ... that 's what i get for getting my hopes up ... 
  but does n't that mean that other countries will need to follow suit and protect their ( now ) free wi-fi ? 
  well the internet is * neuland * to our chancelor . 
  the polish immigration policy . 
  ah , i did indeed read over the number , thank you . 
   962 hate crimes were investigated in poland i have to say though that investigated does n't mean commited . 
  it would also be nice to see their definition of a hate crime . 
  could i see some numbers ? 
  just to be clear , i am against physical confrontation but i do support their right to choose who they let in and who not . 
   islamophobic as i already said , the word islamophobia alone is laughable and i ca n't take anybody seriously who uses it . 
   they lack the strengths that we in the rest of europe take for granted . 
  i highly disagree . 
  they have the guts to stand up for what they believe and what they want even though it is not politically correct . 
  that also means they protect their citizens from terror attacks and ghettos . 
  somethink i think is the job of a good government . 
   it was n't enough , the nation 's vitality has rotted away in what way ? 
  what is the nations lost vitality ? 
  that they do n't just accept everybody in ? 
  i agree . 
  and that is why i have written my comment . 
  to show that there are still people that do n't support this bs . 
  so average leftists you say ? 
  your rethoric is interesting . 
  the government of poland is working in its citizens best interest . 
  they do n't want to be foreigners in their own country . 
  that is their right . 
  i will never be able to stop laughing about the term islamophobia . 
   religion = !, 
  `` ideology is a collection of beliefs held by an individual , group or society . '', 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ideology ) . 
  that means a religion is an ideology . 
  but even if it was n't , does that make her religion any less oppresive ? 
  see the issue ? 
  i agree , it ca n't happen in a short time . 
  but it wo n't happen if we do n't take a first step , no matter how unpopular that step is . 
  immigration will rise immensely over the coming years and we need to have our minds made up by then about how we want to tackle it in case we do n't want our society to change into a society dominated by religious laws . 
   i just do n't think religious eductaion is something where the state should decide/dictate/encourage what is wrong and what is right . 
  that means though that i can teach my child whatever i want , i just have to cover it up as ` it is my religion , you are not allowed to interfere with it ' . 
  i really wish there was a better solution and i sincerely hope somebody will come up with one , but i think our only chance here is to close down religious freedom as it is misused at every corner . 
   well they are obviously led to believe the parents i know do n't indoctrinate their child into believing there is no god , they just do n't push the believe of a god onto their children . 
  that 's anecdotal , of course . 
   that there is no such thing as a god when there might as well could be might it be as well , though ? 
  just because something ca n't be proven or disproven does n't mean that the thing has a 50 % probability of existing . 
  take the tooth fairy , can you disprove her ? 
  no ? ` does that mean that you think it 's equally likely that she exists ? 
   still would n't solve the problem of indoctrination by parents agreed , that is a problem that will always exist . 
  but the school could give a counterweight . 
   my point is i do n't think childhood indoctrination is a problem you can solve without disproportional measurements . 
  well i for one would prefer that my children or grandchildren would n't need to grow up in a world where they are forced to wear a hijab ( or worse ) and are taught that homosexuality is a problem or that they are worth less because they do n't belong to a specific religion . 
   take the children away from their parents and educate them ? 
  a stronger stance against religion in school would be a great start . 
   children of atheists are also indoctrinated in what sense ? 
  also , can you see how you just put up a straw man so that you can justify doing nothing ? 
  or that immigrants wo n't bite the hand that feeds them ? 
  no , she is not . 
  she is taking a stance against an oppressive ideology that subjugates women and deems unbelievers as less worthy than believers . 
  being against that is choosing to be tolerant . 
   because religion is something recognized as deeply embedded in the personality of people because of childhood indoctrination . 
  it deserves no special rights at all . 
  so the point still stands : nobody is born with a hijab . 
   you have to respect peoples ' choices as long as they are not forced upon you what about childhood indoctrination ? 
  does that count as `` forced upon '' ? 
  they learn that at home now . 
  never understood this reasoning ... should we also ban volkswagen ? 
  you are already detaining asyum seekers in italy ? 
  did n't that cause an uproar in your press ? 
   in fact , most of these people are fleeing from difficult solutions well that depends on your definition of a difficult situation , but bad living conditions do n't give you asylum in europe ( correct me if i am wrong ) . 
  i am not judging them for fleeing poor living conditions , i am certain i would try to do it as well , but we have to have a sincere look at what we can do and what the implications of our actions are . 
  that 's why it is n't a simple `` get in , everybody '' . 
   i think the solution should be to increase the number of these centers since they are getting overcrowded , to increase their funding to be able to control these centers more effectively and to to offer enough activities and little jobs to avoid having to let them out of these center . 
  while i agree with this measure ( to some extent , i think it would be too cost intensive ) i can already hear the uproar in the press `` minister improp to detain innocent people '' . 
  cue the strings of you being called racist . 
  so that is n't going to happen , i fear . 
   the ones who do n't have their asylum request accepted are deported back to their own countries while the ones who succeed move on which means we would be back to square one . 
  where to send them ? 
  in order for them to freely give up where they came from the alternative ( staying inside your camp ) needs to be less attractive . 
  i do n't see that happening with the proposed `` little cities '' . 
  why are you losing your temper over a simple question ? 
  agreed , blaming each other wo n't solve anything . 
  but i should n't be forced to take responsibility for something that was n't my wrongdoing . 
  and that is what he is implying . 
  some people ca n't answer simple questions . 
  what is the other solution ? 
  responsibility ? 
  was this caused by the eu ? 
  you guys are the most relaxed about it . 
  btw , sorry for the invasions , i will see to it that i do n't do that again , 
  i live in denmark now but lived in sweden for about a year . 
  sorry , that was n't very well worded . 
  it happened at two occasions , both times some biker gang looking fellas , i think they were just looking to pick a fight with anybody and i was at the wrong place at the wrong time . 
   the only problem i have with germans is that you love german too damn much haha , i agree with that . 
  everytime i have visitors from germany over i feel a bit ashamed that they switch to german as soon as they get the chance . 
   we are racist against germans ? 
  `` casual racism '' , not actual racism .
