   wilders wants people of a certain descent out of the country , no matter the qualification , legal status or criminal offense record . 
  while that may be true ( and probably is ) you ca n't infer that from your cited statement . 
  he asked his followers whether they want that and that is what a democratic politician should do . 
   where every non-swede right-winger is convinced the country is a mad max-ish hellhole as the real swedes quietly cringe about it ah yes , the * real swedes * . 
  aka `` everybody who agrees with me is a real swede and everybody who disagrees with me is a right-winged baby murderer . '', 
  good stuff . 
   you do realize there are a large number of means to keep people physically constrained within a pre-determined location how would you prevent someone from crossing an open border ? 
  she talked about illegal immigrants , not all immigrants . 
  seems like a more sensible option than islam . 
  `` abusing islam '' ?? 
  how ? 
  that 's why asylum application should be done before people enter the country . 
   the only thing that italy and greece are doing is saving people who are drowning in the sea , because they do n't have an alternative . 
  how can you be sure that they are not coming because they know that they will be picked up and brought to an asylum center ? 
  do n't get me wrong , i would probably try my luck too if i think i could get a better life but that does n't mean it is right . 
   not all refugees have their asylum assured . 
  what happens with those who do n't ? 
  they can either stay anyway or are deported . 
  there is no harm in trying . 
  i am also against the far right , but as far as i can read here , everything that is n't left of the center is far right and that is ridiculous . 
  of course not , legal migrants are highly skilled workers , on average , while that is n't true for the current refugees . 
  people drown in the sea because they have an incentive to risk the travel , if there was no incentive you would actually safe lives . 
  that does sound fair . 
  i hear that being said about every right wind party though so my initial comment stands . 
   intolerant shithole but you can apparently save it by importing more intolerant people . 
  who knew . 
  very true . 
  similar things hold for the acceptance of islamic culture though . 
  that statement , at least as a comment to the initial op , made no sense at all . 
  everybody i disagree with is literally hitler . 
  i wonder how dangerous that war is when you go back to visit your parents in said wartorn country . 
  i feel like we should at least get a mention for effort ... 
  nothing has changed in that regard , really . 
  you called ? 
   weighs 16 and a half stone how much is that in trees ? 
   communities secretary sajid javid said he would study the findings `` closely '' . 
  aka nothing is going to happen . 
   faeeza vaid , from the muslim women 's network , said migrant communities should not be blamed for failing to integrate . 
  it 's the host countries fault , obviously . 
   `` if [ the women ] were white and living in surrey , we would all be up in arms about it , '' she said . 
  --   `` if [ the women ] were n't muslim , we would all be up in arms about it , '' she said . 
  ftfy  she said not talking about these issues would only `` give ammunition to the extreme far-right and islamic extremists '' , who are the people `` who set out to divide us '' . 
  i think this is the most important sentence here . 
  if you fear policing communities out of ... well ... fear of being called racist/islamophobe you are giving full power to the groups and the ones that are opposed to the group . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  does that matter ? 
  you are either right or wrong , no matter what you do for a living . 
  `` populist anger rising '' ... aka `` we did nothing wrong , the only possibility is populism '', 
  what makes you think that ? 
  i agree 100 % . 
  just to make it clear , i also would like to see the changes you talked about initially , i just doubt that such changes can be introduced from the outside . 
  it 's peoples mindset that has to change first . 
  we had sustainable growth long before that , you are right though on the gender equality thing . 
  contraceptives could n't have come before modern medicine so your really do n't have a reference frame here . 
  we are having a problem with our birthrate because of contraceptives ? 
  i am not sure i am getting that right . 
  the problem with out birthrate is n't unnatural though , a finite planet with finite resources will put a limit on how many people there can be . 
  the age pyramid was bound to look like a cylinder sooner or later , we just accelerated it a bit which is n't bad because we should be wary of the repercussions of pushing our environment to the limit . 
   so the only way to determine what 's truly good for the country is to consult all its people not true , sorry . 
  a country can make a bad choice , collectively , based on misinformation . 
  good is a lose term and i would say it means that people have it `` good '' in their country '' . 
  a choice that leads to people do less well can be a democratic decision but is not good . 
  not what it means and you know it . 
  and btw , i was guessing , as i said , i do n't know what ( s ) he meant . 
  let 's see it then . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  you can say that about every single person on the planet , whether it is correct or not . 
  what is it that you do n't get ? 
  bees and ants , like every living being , work for what is in their best interest : best spread of their genes . 
  maybe because they think that politics should be about what 's good for the country and not about what is pc ? 
  i am just guessing here . 
  i think you are reading past my point , but  tl/dr ; we are truly fucked as a species . 
  amen to that . 
   forming a political viewpoint and/or voting based on the fact that the sun will explode , is just as silly . 
  not if we could somehow prevent that . 
  we obviously ca n't but i was just using an example to show why your statement does n't hold any merit . 
  but that 's because of the evil white man / s, 
  i am rubbing my ears in excitement . 
   of course there is : you need to introduce , to all of africa , sustainable economic growth , gender equality and contraceptives . 
  if that 's all ... 
   i simply pointed out that you had been screaming about the collapse of western civilization for literally decades now . 
  as long as no time if given for when it is going to happen it is ok to talk about it decades before . 
  we know that the sun will expand in a billion years , the fact that we already talk about it now does n't mean it is n't going to happen . 
  actually a good question . 
  i never watched those channels , but it sounds like something they would do . 
  is n't a crucial part of the burqa the face covering ? 
   as an alternative , the government could institute a tax that goes towards the media ( like in britain ) . 
  no no no no no no . 
  we already have that shitty tax and i am absolutely opposed to it as the funding just goes into local tv channels and radio shows that nobody listens to . 
  a lot also goes into sport licenses which i am not interested in so why should i pay for it ? 
  you are right , my apologies !, 
  is bringing up the far right really a good counter argument ? 
  `` we have 1 issue , we might as well have 2 '' . 
  suddenly the `` fair and humane treatment '' does n't seem so good anymore , does it ? 
  i love how instead of shipping him off ( inb4 `` he is a german , you ca n't do that !, 
  '' , btw ) to protect the population that elected the government the only sensible option seems to feed him for ten years surrounded by people who he will have an easy time radicalising . 
  i guess it will all be fine and dandy after ten years and he wo n't believe anymore that killing unbelievers is the way to heaven ... 
  that seems to be the approach people want, 
  so far he has been like every politician ever ? 
  everyone i disagree with is literally hitler .
