  well that changes everything . 
  that 's not what you said before but ok . 
  he was also yelled at just for appearing to be a journalist . 
  you can think of that what you want but i am quite certain that shouting at journalists * just because * is n't normal . 
  if filming crowds in public was n't ok then it probably would n't be legal . 
  as i said a few times now , close ups are n't allowed . 
   covering your face is not illegal either by the way . 
  sure , but that 's now what we are talking about . 
  we are talking about whether it is normal . 
   apparently the worst thing that happens to you in the worst parts of sweden is that people cover their faces when you start filming . 
  worse than the mentioned grenade attack ? 
  i do n't see the context , it 's legal to film in public in germany if you do n't do close ups . 
  then you should n't go out because that is allowed by law and i do n't see people masquerading themselves when they go out . 
  and as i said , close ups are n't allowed . 
   would you be ok with being filmed by a random person without knowing the context ? 
  yes , and so are most people , that 's why journalists generally have the right to film in public areas if they do n't use close ups . 
   when he took out a camera and started filming a group of young people they pulled up their hoodies and covered their faces . 
  totally normal , happens everywhere / s, 
  i 'd love to see him in as michael scott in a remake of `` the office '' . 
  `` death to all muslims '' - relax , it 's just satire !, 
  that ca n't possibly be it / s, 
  * ssssh * to some people global warming is only real when trump says it is n't . 
  atop the namecallin , provide facts . 
  maybe there is something i am not getting here , but how else am i supposed to interpret the statue of liberty holding up a trump head isis style in a `` america resist '' shirt ? 
  fuck , a call to violence ? 
  is that what karneval is about nowadays ? 
  / edit : judging by my downvotes it 's obvious that a lot of people support hate speech/calls to violence if it supports their cause . 
   then its personal do n't be silly , nobody on this subreddit works . 
  i used the belgian highways for years . 
  there are pot holes that are so big that you think you are on space mountain . 
  it 's actually this simple but people do n't want to hear that , for some reason . 
  publicity stunt but i like the message . 
  choice is misogyny ? 
  thank you for the clarification !, 
  that 's what i thought , thanks , i was just put off because he said `` in denmark '' . 
  i fully acknowledge that and i do n't see why you think i do n't . 
  btw , how did this `` lefties ( which nowadays seems to be everything left of the populist parties ) '' come into play ? 
  of course it is , that 's pretty obvious . 
  but you said i should stick to the facts so i was wondering which facts i did n't stick to ? 
  which facts did i not stick too ? 
  sorry , i think i am misunderstanding you , what are the malm\u00f8 ghettos ? 
  an area in copenhagen called malm\u00f8 ? 
  and i still do n't understand what was wrong with my comment . 
  did you see the added / s ? 
  what do you mean this is simply false ? 
  what did i say that was wrong ? 
  and which areas are you talking about ? 
  the areas on the `` ghettoliste '' ? 
  my bad . 
  seriously though : what else should we use ? 
  personally i think it 's stupid . 
  if there is no interaction there will never be integration . 
  but i am willing to be proven wrong . 
  it 's in this thread now as an update . 
  i take the full blame here , i have seen my fair share of comments where i thought that that has to be a joke or sarcasm but later found out it was n't that i should n't take the / s for granted anymore , 
  it 's in this thread as an update somwhere now . 
  i really thought it was n't necessary ... 
  sorry , i thought the / s was n't necessary in such an obvious case . 
  my bad . 
  by that definition , a single cop that goes there every other year is enough to not make it a no-go zone . 
  that seems a bit harsh, 
  as far as i read the police was scared and they had to leave . 
  the warning shots were n't warning shots but the police missed . 
  the important thing to remember is that even though the police does n't like to go into certain areas that these areas are n't no go zones . 
  / edit : ** / s **, 
  that would be full on racism . 
  i rather think that instilling your kids with war-rethoric leads to war-like behaviour . 
  for how long though . 
  that is the question . 
   the guy does n't deserve hero worship which is virtually what i said in my comment . 
   what other side is there to someone publishing himself doing the nazi salute ? 
  i was talking about accusations of facism in general . 
  here , the case is clear cut . 
  i think you are downplaying this quite a lot . 
  it 's a possibly lethal situation . 
  people should n't call him a hero ( or anyone in that position ) a hero but it 's not an everyday job and should thus get a bit more praise than an it ` ler doing 9 to 5 in safety every day . 
   but you seem like a fascist , so fuck you . 
  also , if that 's your immediate reaction without hearing the other side then that 's sad . 
  use my vpn-referal link if you start bying vpn services now / s, 
  going after killers is a job , yes , but it 's not a normal job nonetheless . 
  or facts . 
  religious genital mutilation included ? 
  because not all white people share the same ideology , muslims do though . 
  `` latent xenophobia '' ... do people have to like every ideology ? 
  then why target a jewish school specifically ? 
  on top of that there is the whole apostacy is punishable by death thing . 
  that would keep me firmly in my closet . 
  it 's clearly swedens own fault that these poor people feel that their only chance is radicalization . 
  sorry , could you reword that ? 
   but we will not help them with illiberal laws that gives their oppressors something to point to as an excuse for their own illiberal laws , and that helps let their oppressors frame it as a cultural war or attempt to fight their religion . 
  it also does not help to turn a blind eye . 
  religious extremists ooze into every part of life and they succeed if there is nothing that is put in their way , like those liberal leaders you mentioned . 
  as i said , i would love for this thing to take care of itself but i am afraid that that is n't going to happen . 
  ad hominems instead of honest debate . 
  that does appear very feminist . 
  it 's simple . 
  look at non-muslim women . 
  how many cover up ? 
  not that many . 
  if you take away childhood indoctrination and force most people do n't want to cover up .
