  your kebab guy might be a nice guy but he tells his surrounding that god wants them to kill apostates and that it is ok to hit women if they are disobedient . 
  no problem there . 
   throwing around quotes does n't change constitutionals principles and safeguards it does n't but principles and safeguards do n't protect you from outcomes of your actions . 
   not all of them , but a sigfnificant share will eventually pay taxes . 
  the influx is n't on a level where it would not be sustainable . 
  most of these people wo n't be here forever source , source and source , please  calling this ` political correctness ' indicates to me that you have little knowledge what you are talking about . 
  the human rights established after world war two are the accomplishment of generations of people , the result of a century of suffering . 
  did i say it was n't so ? 
   they do not need to be en par . 
  it is enough of their skills suffices to get a job . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  their skill would only suffice if it was on par of that with a german applying for the same job . 
  and even then it is likely that the employer will choose the german because it is easier to communicate with him . 
   w\u00f6\u00dfmann was just speculating , the first representative data paints a different picture . 
  source ? 
   given the large number of unfilled jobs and apprenticeships , this not even necessary . 
  apprenticesips do n't pay and the point about skills does n't change in the slightest . 
  and what unfilled jobs are you talking about ? 
  the jobs that are n't filled by germans atm because their education already is n't good enough ? 
   i was talking about the unlikely scenario where all of them end up in benefits . 
  wo n't happen . 
  and i was playing along . 
  you conveniently forgot a million of people in your scenario . 
  i was just pointing that out . 
   it is not unlimited but due to our reliability as a debtor , there is no realistic scenario where we would ` run out of money ' . 
  so countries never go bankrupt or fall into debt ? 
   in fact , it doesnt matter what anybody wants in this regard . 
  art . 
  1 gg is protected by the ewigkeitsgarantie of our constitution , there is no way of changing it . 
  you adapt or you perish ( to quote triple h ) . 
   it just does n't though . 
  yeah , i need a bit more than that . 
  increased influx of migrants that do n't pay taxes will deplete resources if the influx is above a certain threshold . 
  trust me , i studied numbers . 
   uhm . 
  so what ? 
  you do realize that 1.5 billions is pretty much nothing ? 
  we have way more budget leeway ** currently ** . 
  again , i am not saying the current situation is bad , i said that in the future it could become very bad if more and more climate refugees find their way to europe . 
  and rejecting every idea with `` that is n't possible because of treaty x , law y just is n't helping . 
  it might be the pc thing to do but reality will catch up . 
   at least short-term , that 's accurate . 
  long-term we will have to see . 
  how exactly are you planning on educating more than a million people to be on par with the average german ? 
  germans start school at the age of six , the people arriving here do n't speak german * and * [ two thirds ] ( http://www.zeit.de/2015/47/integration-fluechtlinge-schule-bildung-herausforderung ) ca n't even read or write . 
  and that is including the supposedly well educated syrians . 
  how can you educate them so well that an employer will make no distinction between them and a german ? 
   lets assume the whole million accepted refugees stays on benefits - this would mean that we will have a whole million people less on benefits than we did in 2005 you are forgetting the one million that comes in family reunification . 
   there is literally no scenario where we `` run out of money '' . 
  til germany has an unlimited amount of money . 
   the height of the benefits is based on art . 
  1 gg which ca n't be changed . 
  there is n't only one law that stands in the way of multiple ideas . 
  there are other ideas that go one way or another against some laws or treaties . 
  also , as i said , depending on the influx in the next year i would accept a change of that article if need be . 
  it does n't help anybody if the state runs out of money . 
   we do not have budget problems due to the spending the federal health insurances are running out of money , which is why they are getting an [ extra fix ] ( https://www.tagesschau.de/inland/krankenkassen-finanzhilfen-101.html ) from the government , despite having reported a big plus at the end of last year . 
   no unemployed person in germany gets less money due to the refugees here . 
  while that is true at the moment , refugees cost more than they bring in . 
  so if we accept too many poorly educated refugees that we ca n't get work then the government will run out of money sooner or later . 
  i am not saying this point has already reached or will be reached soon but i am very much not in favour of waiting until then . 
  you are right , the biggest group are the syrians , i mistook what you said for `` majority '' , my apologies . 
  unfortunately that means though that the majority comes from places with higher birth rates , at least as far as i can see on a quick glance , which means more family members will follow . 
  but yeah , the actual number remains to be seen . 
   it is much easier to say why their suggestion ca n't be implemented in the first place . 
  that is true , but that is the piece of legislation i was refering to . 
  if we ca n't implement something because of a law or contract we should think about changing it . 
  maybe not should , but could . 
   what is the alternative ? 
  when you have someone in your country with a valid claim for asylum , you can hardly send him back to his home country . 
  that depends . 
  if we had unlimited resources i would somewhat agree . 
  but we do n't have unlimited resources and imo a state should first protect its own citizens . 
   always around 10,000 . 
  i am not saying you are wrong , but do you have a source on this ? 
   any reputable media outlet would be a reliable source for me . 
  that 's the issue , that makes it easy to attack the source . 
  as i ca n't find a reliable source i will drop this point . 
   especially considering that the main countries of origin ( syria ) most migrants are n't from syria though . 
  [ source1 ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/6996925/3-18092015-bp-en.pdf/b0377f79-f06d-4263-aa5b-cc9b4f6a838f ) , [ source2 ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/six-out-of-10-migrants-to-europe-come-for-economic-reasons-and-are-not-refugees-eu-vice-president-a6836306.html )  you can not solve this problem through legislation . 
  then why are your counter-arguments based on legislation ? 
   the solution is in africa , not in europe . 
  maybe , but as long as we offer to take anybody in who can make the journey we are inciting people to risk their lifes to make it in . 
  per syrian refugee . 
  most refugees are n't from syria [ source1 ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/6996925/3-18092015-bp-en.pdf/b0377f79-f06d-4263-aa5b-cc9b4f6a838f ), 
  the [ bmi ] ( https://www.bmi.bund.de/shareddocs/pressemitteilungen/de/2016/08/asylantraege-juli-2016.html?nn=3314802 ) said it received 75k asylum applications in july but you are right , it does n't say how many actually arrived that month . 
   i 'd like to see a reliable source for that number . 
  given that the possibilities of family reunification are rather limited , i sincerely doubt this number . 
  what source would you deem realiable ? 
  if the 4 to 6 number is true i do n't think germanys government would go around and spread that number . 
   that 's something fundamentally different and not something that is relevant today . 
  why do we need to wait until it is too late ? 
  legislation takes a long time , we should use the head start we have here . 
   with other ways of solving it . 
  like what ? 
  did n't the easy numbers show 50k in june or july , more than in the year before ? 
  and what about family reunification ? 
  it 's expected that for each refugee/migrant about 5 will follow ( depend on which source you believe ) . 
  there is also the issue of global warming . 
  with africa loosing more and more of its habitable/farmable land migration numbers are more likely to rise than to fall .
