  i partially agree with the control of the market thing . 
  but to get back to the original issue at hand : you ca n't have people in uninhabitable places ( at least not on a large scale ) . 
  thus all market controlling wo n't work . 
  people will migrate north if climate change continues . 
  personally i am against it . 
   international humanitarian aid made them in part addicted ok , so we should not help ? 
  the message here is really confusing ...  deals made between companies and their countries strongly undervalue worth of these resources . 
  while i not disagree with that , what is the alternative ? 
  somebody wants to sell something for a certain price , somebody else wants to sell that good for said price . 
  it 's up to the seller to know the value of his goods . 
  while other places become uninhabitable . 
  and where do you think people in these areas will go ? 
   i think that if we are at it we could also stop sucking dry mena countries from their natural resources while paying them peanuts if anything at all . 
  how would you impose those trade restrictions and why do you think they sell their resources for peanuts if they are n't forced ? 
   catholic-racist-twatness \u2122 made me laugh :d what do you mean by that ? 
  i like the optimism , but i do n't think it would work . 
  these people would n't just go back because if they did they would die . 
  so they will be willing to fight , understandably . 
  instead of a violent conflict i would prefer humanity not to fuck our house up . 
  well the polish immigration policy is to keep people out . 
  so far that works because the number is low . 
  if large strips of land become [ uninhabitable because of climate change ] ( http://www.cnbc.com/2016/05/04/climate-change-could-make-north-africa-and-middle-east-uninhabitable.html ) they will have a much harder time to keep people out as much more people will need to relocate . 
  poland better gets its shit together if it wants to keep up their immigration policy . 
  well to be fair , germanys government did n't discover the internet until 2 years ago . 
  you lost your voice when you decided to put chocolate into beer . 
  unless they got really good aim, 
  that ca n't be a a surprise for anybody . 
  this right there . 
  we have to abolish religion as fast and fair as we can . 
  people are still suffering from the effects of invisible friends ... 
  incredible . 
  they are ethnic turks , but they obviously belong to another ethnicity as well . 
   membership of an ethnic group tends to be defined by a shared cultural heritage , ancestry , origin myth , history , homeland , language or dialect , symbolic systems such as religion , mythology and ritual , cuisine , dressing style , art , and ** physical appearance ** . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethnic_group ) but that is basically why ethnicity is meaningless . 
  the definition is so broad that you can make up ethnicities based on basically everything . 
  if they wanted to follow a sharia law the we all would be cool with they would n't need to reject french laws . 
  there are multiple sources , it sparked some discussions in germany last week . 
  sorry about that . 
   syrians account for 28 % seeing that some syrians go back to syria for holidays makes me question whether every syrian is really a refugee . 
  i am using that as well . 
  too bad , i was hoping for something new  signal is very nice as it sends messages e ( encrypted ) to other signal users and sms to everybody else . 
  kinda like imessage . 
   over 85 percent of them are economic migrants and not genuine refugees . 
  interesting . 
  which app are you talking about . 
  you do n't need to force everbody to move immediately . 
  you can start by having both apps installed . 
  there needs to be the will to do it , of course , but people do n't do it because they are too lazy ( it is not a lot of work to install an app , after all ) . 
  that has everything to do with it , as your comment proves . 
  it 's a * nightmare * to install another app besides the one you have and start using it ? 
  people are just too lazy to do it ( no offense ) . 
  also , not everybody uses whatsapp , most do , yes , but not everybody . 
  there are alternatives . 
  people are just too fucking lazy to shop around for free apps with their 600eu phone ... 
  the difference is though that the teachings of jesus are way more benigne than sharia law is . 
  imho you ca n't just equate the two . 
  from the source :  when asked if they considered the islamic legal and moral code of sharia to be more important than the french republic 's laws , 29 percent of respondents answered `` yes . '', 
  that is a huge problem and france ( and every country ) should show zero tolerance for religious laws . 
  40 % is huge , is n't it ? 
  i thought as much . 
  having a state church makes this kinda mandatory . 
  still a bummer . 
  exactly this !, 
  thanks for writing that up !, 
  a question though . 
  was n't part of the problem also segregated schools ? 
  young kids get along fine if they are n't brain washed by their parents first . 
  so only 1.2 million people ... that 's a relief . 
  you ca n't really compare the two . 
  jesus teachings are way better than what sharia law has to offer . 
  there are also no teachings that go against french law , but i am not sure about that . 
  let me know if i am wrong . 
  btw , i am an atheist , i fear that that somehow matters in the responses i will get . 
  well that article made me smile , not because religion is stupid but because people used it to trick an unsecular process ( the state taxing citizens for their religious beliefs ) . 
  germany has that too , i hated it . 
  does denmark too ? 
  when i moved here i registered as `` not a member of the church '' so i do n't know . 
   das adjektiv v\u00f6lkisch ist eine alte und lange nur selten verwendete ableitung von volk [ wikipedia ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/v%c3%b6lkisch ) seems to disagree with you . 
  please do n't be offended , i have no horse in this race . 
  i read the bible and the quran ( and some ahadith ) and while none of them picture women in a favourable light i think the quran is far worse . 
  i would love to see happen what you describe , i am just very sceptic . 
  if you need to adapt the word of god to modern society then maybe the word of god is shit and should n't be listened to anyway . 
  not attacking you , just pointing it out . 
  all of this is blatantly obvious , yet feminists bend over backwards to accomodate islam ... 
  i would love to understand that line of reasoning . 
  got any source on this ? 
  could be true ... 
   a more positive view of women in the muslim faith did you read the quran and/or some of the ahadith ? 
  the brush you would need to give the faith a more positive view on women would win this ongoing biggest tool award . 
  it 's almost as if somebody put up some kind of barrier along the way ... also [ 74.454 people ] ( https://www.bmi.bund.de/shareddocs/pressemitteilungen/de/2016/08/asylantraege-juli-2016.html?nn=3314802 ) applied for asylum in germany this july , far more than last year ( +98,4 % ) . 
  it 's not like this is over or something . 
  family reunification will bring the immigration numbers up considerably as well as soon as it starts . 
  looking at the german justice system normally does n't give me the `` it works '' feeling . 
  at most the `` it works slowly '' feeling . 
   according to the eu court the owner of the wifi network is n't responsible , but he has to do all he is able to prevent illegal downloading . 
  i am not a lawyer but that reads exactly like what i said . 
  the wifi owner has to do everything he can to prevent illegal downloads . 
  that means bad times for wifi without registration in the european union . 
  as i said , not a lawyer though . 
   the copyright holder has to pay the lawyer the copyright holder surely does n't need to pay the fine for copyright infringement ?
