  telling me not to fear does n't change what happened at all and that these types of attack are now a part of our reality . 
  no , i was n't . 
  but i did n't say that . 
  not sure what you are trying to imply or how you know who gets called what . 
  are you psychic ? 
  / edit : even after your ninja edit my question still stands . 
  are you psychic ? 
   you clearly have n't read these reports . 
  i could n't read the first and read the second one only until that line that , at least to me , makes no sense . 
  i did n't read the third one because it was done by the same people . 
  that was said lazyness . 
   family has secondary or even no meaning . 
  that is what they say but it makes no sense , otherwise non-muslim women would wear it too . 
  unless you think that only muslim women are modest . 
   and there is high importance of online `` education '' , and influence of other such women ( also often online ) . 
  that would be the mentioned brainwashing then ? 
  that is exactly the reason no further citizenships should be dealt out until we have taken care of the troublemakers we have . 
  is it ok to say this now ? 
  when people said this would happen last year they were called racist . 
   denmark i can only the abstract because the article is behind a pay wall sadly . 
  the abstract did n't say anything about how they accounted for religious indoctrination . 
   great britain  in most cases there was no evidence to suggest that the instruction from parents and external educators during childhood led to the adoption of the niqab later . 
  that sentence alone makes me doubt the study . 
  since only muslim women wear it , the instructions of religious parents and external `` educators '' clearly has an influence on the child . 
   france since both studies are from the same people and presumeably using the same methodologies i would like to spare me the read , please forgive me my laziness . 
  depends on how many trucks drive through europe until the elections . 
  not sure what you mean by that . 
  do you mean that he is delusional , that this paradise does n't exist ? 
  i agree . 
  but for him , the special place in paradise is part of his reality . 
   lo and behold you use that too often . 
  i somewhat disagree . 
   austria 's faymann said that putting people on trains without telling them that the trains are headed to migrant camps reminded him of nazi germanys deportation policy of not telling people that the trains are headed to concentration camps . 
  what else is this nazi comparison than comparing him to hitler ? 
  rapeseed sounds just wrong, 
  well , no one is doing that , at least i think so . 
  nations act quicker than a conglomerate consisting of 27 nations , that 's maybe why you perceive it in the stated way . 
  in this current crisis we need quick actions , not a year long debate . 
  i am neither saying that it 's good nor bad , i am just pointing out how i perceive the situation . 
   this world is utterly fucked and mankind should just let it go and leave the room for some better race . 
  do n't drag us into this , it 's religions fault . 
   you 're given the opportunity to live in a first world country , to have a better quality of life than your ancestors , and you just throw away doing some stupidity . 
  we have nothing to offer to these people . 
  they believe they will be rewarded in a special part of paradise for all eternity . 
  what are a few years in a small appartment in europe compared to that ? 
  this made me laugh and sad at the same time . 
  merci, 
  interest . 
   i sincerely do hope though that moderate `` non political-islamists '' muslims moderates foster extremism . 
  that is the sad reality of it . 
  that is true for all religions . 
  that is not the alternative ... 
  the alternative would be stopping letting in refugees ( yes yes , human rights ... ) and stopping being accepting of every act just because it is part of a religion . 
   a few germans were talking about feeling safe in their christmasmarkets this is usually the type of people that accuse you of islamophobia if you bring up any threats related to islam . 
   how anyone could perpetrate such an attack an think `` i 'm the righteous one , i 'm on the right side of history '' ? 
  it 's what god told him to do . 
  or at least so he believes . 
  it really is very simple . 
   so feel free to tell me where i called you a racist i did , multiple times . 
  if you ca n't accept that then so be it . 
   limited survey made among such women in france and denmark proved that most of them do it on their own will , often even against their parents . 
  can i see that survey ? 
  i wonder how they accounted for indoctrination . 
  just asking people will not account for that . 
   as above : get over it . 
  do you really care what she would think about you ? 
  if it was only the thinking : nah , go on , i do n't care . 
  but religions and especially the abrahamic religions will sooner or later force/coerce you into believing . 
  it 's actions i am concerned about , not thought crimes . 
   difference in cultural norms is much smaller there of course , but still - it happens . 
  where do government officials say repeatedly that both sides have to work for it ? 
   it definitely happens . 
  question is - how high is rate . 
  agreed and therefore that wa smy initial question . 
   on example of niqabi woman : give her info about her laws i will not run around and approach these women it feels unsafe to do so . 
  also , they secluded themselves from the rest of society , why would it be on me to approach them ? 
  if it was that easy and she wanted help she could find it everywhere . 
   but if she 's veiling on her own will , do n't mind it . 
  how likely is it that she is veiling herself out of her own free will and without childhood indoctrination ? 
   and if she wants to participate in public life ( e.g. 
  work ) , allow or even support it . 
  i am opposed to working with people who think less of me and wearing a burqa gives exactly that statement , that she is holier than me . 
   another example : burkini and schoolgirls . 
  is n't better to allow them to wear it ( as long as no coercion is noticed ) , and participate in swimming lessons , gymnastics etc. ? 
  i agree on burkinis , partially , because it is a slippery slope for the burkini-wearers to sex shame the bikini wearers . 
  i agree in so far that there has to be a limit of what we police , i disagree in so far as that it will not change our way of living . 
   plus remember , that problem with integration lies on both sides . 
  strangely this is only used when we are talking about immigration of muslims . 
  it works for other groups without constantly saying `` both sides have to work for it '' . 
   point of view changes with point of standing ( i hope you get it , it 's crude translation ) . 
  i am guessing that circles back to that secularization happens , for which there is n't any proof , unfortunately . 
  as i said , i would like that to be true more than anything . 
   thing is , we should just get over things like that . 
  you mean as in `` do nothing '' ? 
  how would that make people change their minds ? 
   you ca n't compare limited ( it concerned city bus ) ban of ads of given clothing , with ban of wearing another one . 
  not what i did , i said that it smells like a hidden agenda , but i might be totally wrong here . 
  there is now way to prove it anyway . 
   this affects mostly sub-saharan africa . 
  it affects the whole world and especially warmer climates will become warmer .
