  did i say anything else ? 
  you are right , sorry , calling somebody a nazi is a good argument . 
  my bad . 
  what a well thought out argument . 
  i did n't think about that , thanks !, 
  why mass poverty if everything is taken care of for you ? 
  i might be getting this totally wrong but if there are robots to take care of everything , why would people be living in poverty ? 
  there should n't be a problem anyway if you keep an armlengths distance ... 
  or we accept our new robot slaves and the new reality that people do n't have to work anymore . 
  i though this was the whole reason for that robot thing anyway . 
  i just puked a little in my mouth . 
  ah , that 's what you mean . 
  luckily i do n't live in germany anymore . 
  [ luegenpresse ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lying_press ), 
  one should no seek reason where there is none . 
  you are welcome . 
  come again ? 
  why ? 
  religion does n't have a say in this . 
  yeah , that 's true unfortunately , but i hope that the danish government now will be the first one to ban it since their medical association seems to support a ban . 
  / edit : theyr is n't a word . 
  that 's a change of topic . 
  and could you point me to the page that supports your claim ? 
  it 's 35 pages . 
  good question , i am going with yes . 
  even though this discussion is futile as you could n't check whether parents do it or not anyway, 
   fgm causes actual damage ( long term at that ) that is medicinally proven . 
  and the mountain of evidence that mgm causes actual damage means nothing to you ? 
  or are you to lazy to check for yourself ? 
  when male genital mutilation got controversial for a short period in 2014 ( i think ) because a court stopped it , merkel said `` we are becoming the laughing stock of the world '' and pushed for laws to change so that fgm was forbidden ( as it should be ) and mgm was allowed . 
  who wants to masturbate when they have cornflakes ? 
  it 's about 40 % male victims to about 60 % female victims . 
  that is n't disproportionate . 
  when countries become unable to adapt to changing environments , then civilization will fail . 
   clamping down on women 's rights afaik domestic violence is not a gendered issue so this really goes against everybodies rights , not only womens rights . 
  you do know that domestic violence is not a gendered issue ? 
   everyone has to go to school except for the catholics because they celebrate palmsonntag or something on that day seriously ? 
  well that is unfair of course . 
   are you a militant vegan by any chance ? 
  even if i was , what would that change ? 
  straw man ? 
  but to put your mind at ease , i love eating meat . 
   what good law ? 
  jewish kosher slaughter ( `` sch\u00e4chten '' ) was already a thing it was a thing but it was , again , only accepted because of religion . 
  that exception should not have been given just because somebody thinks their gods want it that way . 
  you are of course right that if you allow it for one religion you should allow it for all religions . 
  what i was getting at is that there should be no exceptions to accomodate religions . 
  there is a reason that this type of killing is generally banned , because it is unncessarily cruel . 
  they are swiss by passport but not swiss by culture . 
  no , germany specifically adapted to islam ( for example ) when it allowed the halal slaughter of animals without making them unconcious first . 
  here , a good law was thrown out of the window to accomodate muslims . 
  something other states do n't do . 
   there are good things from other cultures that can be brought in while keeping out problems . 
  the only good thing people name is cooking though ... 
  are n't burkinis ( ridiculous as they are ) actually just scuba diver suits with a `` hood '' part ? 
  that 's a new one ( for me ) . 
   that would n't be a huge problem for non religious people ** but it 's a big problem from that religion which observes that exact day . 
  ** a problem which only exists in your mind . 
  ** all ** kids get to skip schools when there is a holiday . 
   can you please leave that to us germans ? 
  you comment on something you have no clue about from an outsider perspective . 
  why do you assume / u/arcuita is n't german ? 
  and why would that change anything ? 
  `` shooting at cancer cells kills cancer . '', 
  correct me if i am wrong but i think the number of deaths has gone down dramatically after australia enacted it 's migration policy . 
  what kind of game are you playing ? 
  i guess , no , i hope , you know . 
  agreed , but that guy going around repeating the same lie just makes the debate go nowhere . 
   many of them are highly skilled and/or educated . 
  still with that ? 
   you ca n't have a whole camp of cooks and cleaners there is enough work outside of the camps but then they would need to learn their host countries mother tongue . 
  and people would ( rightfully ) complain about the lack of low-paying jobs . 
  freedom of movement only works when you secure the outer borders . 
  since we do n't want to secure the outer border we will see cuts in freedom of movement . 
  kebab pizza is delicious !, 
  the quran says that a man may hit his wife if she disobeys and is n't the quran the inerrand word of god for muslims ? 
  out of curiosity , what areas are that ? 
   language is hard , but you 'll definitely manage with english . 
  only big multinational companies like nokia will hire people that do not speak finnish , so the job `` avenue '' is quite narrow . 
  does it help if you speak swedish since it is an official language ? 
  `` islamophobe '' comes to mind . 
  well i think it 's only fair that your label should be honest . 
  ham and steak is meat . 
  what you are selling is n't meat . 
  you are comparing the attack to an accident , nice . 
  everybody should be able to see dank memes !, 
  let me cite / u/gerusz :  a terrorists with some java experience can code up a otp-generator and text encrypter in an afternoon . 
  someone with a bit more can then add a steganography option that can hide the text in a png unnoticeable . 
  ** any surveillance or backdoors into existing services would only catch the stupidest terrorists - and dissenters . 
  ** tl ; dr : you gain nothing , loose freedom . 
  best tl ; dr ever, 
  the point about the tax money still stands though and more importantly he could still radicalize people , for example people that have maybe only five years left of their 25 year sentence which could then go on to radicalize the young once they get out . 
  he probably died shooting precisely because of the reason you named : he wanted to die a martyr . 
  not trying to start a fight , but what good would that have done ? 
  that was n't my question . 
  well , you hold the same set of beliefs sacred ... 
  but september ended !, 
  how would you feel importing a few hundred thousands more of them ? 
   anyone of a different ethnicity you are mixing ethnicity and ideology to drive home your point . 
  i wonder why there is such a surge in firearm sales .
