  that means somebody gets the german citizenship , gives up his other citizenship and if he then commits a terror act the left can go `` noooooo , we ca n't deport him , he is german , he does n't even have another nationality '' . 
  why hypocrites ? 
  they act ( or at least think they act ) in the way their voters want them to act . 
  that is their job . 
   is that not a big western value in itself that likely would help integration generations down the road ? 
  it is , but allowing these kind of segregating events goes contrary to integration . 
  i know i know , freedom of religion and what not ( not a fan btw ) . 
  i agree with you though , my equivalency was a false one , thank you for pointing that out . 
   a far better equivalency would be how you 'd feel if at a nudist beach people looked at you weird , and even harassed you for wearing a swimsuit . 
  i have the sad impression that many people here would say `` well then it 'd be my fault for going to that beach , so i would get out of there '' , but they 'd be missing the point . 
  the nudist beach is there to be nude . 
  if you now allow clothed people there it would create distress as surely some people would just come to look without being naked . 
  that would make the nude beach goers feel uncomfortable . 
  so it i actually understandable for nudists to tell people to get nude or get out . 
  and the big difference between the nudists and this muslim event is that they do n't care what your sex is or what you believe in ( or anything else ) . 
  all you have to do is be naked . 
  it really is open for all . 
  this muslim event is n't open for all . 
  and that is why i am against it . 
  if everybody could come in wearing a burqini the matter would be different , then i would hardly find a reason to opose it ( well except for the anti-integration effect ) . 
  i actually would complain . 
  about the sexism , not about the desscode . 
  you can change your dress but you ca n't change your sex just like that . 
  all these `` female-only '' things in public places are pure discrimination . 
   and for them `` fun '' just ca n't be had around infidels showing their bodies and that should n't be tolerated at all . 
  `` and for them `` fun '' just ca n't be had around ** gays ** showing their bodies '' that is n't ok , is it ? 
  because this is just bad for a large group of people while it would only benefit a few . 
  maybe you should start by reading a dictionary . 
  muslims are n't a race . 
  you are right , i did n't quite catch that . 
  my apologies . 
   if necessary by force, 
  fair enough . 
  the australian solution then . 
  [ runs boats !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xmjzhrg_94 ), 
  or an economic collapse . 
  but you know , your slogan sounds better on a black/white facebook post . 
  stop the boat , if necessary by force , take the people on board , sink their boat , bring the people back to the shore they came from . 
  nobody gets hurt and the next boat will consider twice whether it tries to make the journey . 
  i have no problems integrating new words into a language , but deliberately misusing a word to fit an agenda is something i just ca n't do . 
  same with the [ double negative ] ( http://images-cdn.9gag.com/photo/aep7kom_700b.jpg ) or you vs you 're . 
  just because people have a hard time with grammar ( and not using whom is a grammar error , is n't it ? ), 
  does n't mean we should let people change the definition of words . 
  especially not words like racism where part of the definition is right in the word . 
  if you had , i would tip my hat . 
  it would show quite the determination . 
    my argument is that the dictionary definition of words does not always reflect their popular usage . 
  there is nothing that i can say to conter that as it is true . 
  but the popular usage can be wrong , even if a majority agreed on it . 
  btw , the article on wikipedia does n't have a footnote for the paragraph you cited so it remains questionable . 
  i will keep my dictionary definition . 
   i do n't need a dictionary to tell you how the word is used in everyday speech by native speakers . 
  and i should take it on good faith that the majority of native english speakers changed the definition of the word racism ? 
  if people criticise scientologists , is that also racism ? 
  when i say that people who actually believe in a stripper factory in the afterlife are dumb am i then being racist ? 
  you desperately need `` racism '' to include rejection of muslims because islamophobia just does n't shut people up . 
   judaism is a religion but many jews share the same genes , due to close communities over a long period of time . 
  are they a race ? 
  a race is defined by the speaker by a set of traits or genes . 
  as you said , we are actually all one race so any distinction is arbitrary . 
  the crucial factor is though that you ca n't change your genes that make you a part of that group while you can change your belief and factually not be a member of a group anymore . 
  you have a choice . 
   when people think of muslims , they think of people from the middle east and africa ( i bet they are n't thinking of people from indonesia ) , so racism is not wholly inappropriate even by its technical definition . 
  i do n't care what skin color or complexion people think about when they talk about muslims . 
  a lot of people on the extreme left and right have a hard time with definitions of words because they need stuff to fit their agenda . 
  and btw , whom ? 
  really ? 
  not using the correct word is your argument ? 
  [ simple definition of racism ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/racism ) : poor treatment of or violence against people because of their race : the belief that some races of people are better than others let me know when your definition makes it into a dictionary . 
  race is based on a set of genes , whether that distinction is artificial or not . 
  people ca n't change their genes . 
  people can change their beliefs and therefore criticising people because of their beliefs ca n't be racist . 
  i am not trying to be a smart ass here , but i do n't really know what is meant when you say racism in a religious context . 
  the only explanation i can come up with is that racism is used because the other misnomer , islamophobia , does n't have the effect the speaker wished for . 
  you said * nobody * is arguing that . 
  i showed you people that did . 
   there are many who openly claim all muslims are rapists . 
  that 's the racist part about the call for deportation . 
  even if that was true , and i have n't even seen a single user doing that , it would n't be racist . 
  being a muslim is a choice , being white , for example , is n't . 
  i am sure there are some empty islands in europe that can be used to deport a stateless person to . 
  [ `` european asylum structures and processes ensure that every refugee is criminalized ( for some , even before arriving in europe ) . 
  this criminalization is promptly and meticulously processed , and is manifested in various forms of societal and institutional discrimination and racism that ends with deportation . 
  '' ] ( http://oplatz.net/campaign-to-break-deportation-culture-and-criminalization-of-refugees-in-germany-and-europe/ ) [ `` people who believe in deporting illegal immigrants are racist . 
  '' ] ( http://www.gamespot.com/forums/offtopic-discussion-314159273/people-who-believe-in-deporting-illegal-immigrants-26330305/ ) [ `` deporting apex gang members ` inherently racist ' , legal groups say '' ] ( http://www.theage.com.au/victoria/deporting-apex-gang-members-inherently-racist-legal-groups-say-20160428-gogte6.html ) just a quick google search . 
  your text made me cautiosly optimistic . 
  i really wish that was the case but i am very sceptic of these mass deportations happening . 
  a quick google search showed that '' [ nevertheless , the interior ministry 's own figures showed that the rate of deportations was speeding up , and would rise by 4,500 to around 27,000 in 2016 . 
  ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/german-states-speed-up-refugee-deportations-under-federal-pressure/a-19305415 ) '' that is more or less the number that arrived during one week during peek season last year . 
  from the same source : `` altogether , the government estimates that there are some 220,000 people in germany who should be deported , of whom 168,000 have been granted `` toleration '' status - a temporary reprieve from deportation for legal reasons . '', 
  that means about 900.000 . people are expected to stay . 
  meaning 3.6 million to 4.5 extra people in family reunification . 
  how will these people find work ? 
  it is very probable that most wo n't find any and i therefore expect a rise in crime . 
  not to even mention the housing problems and impact on the work market . 
  `` good morning bergen , it iz a nize day , nossing to worry about , go back to bed . '', 
   and black people kill much more innocent civilians in the west than muslims . 
  that is a statistical fact can i see that statistic ? 
  about the passage from the ot : while this is true , afaik the jewish god does n't motivate people to commit suicide attacks , which the quran does .
