  germany doesnt deport people . 
  if somebody is n't accepted as a refugee they stay . 
  they are asked to leave but i they do n't want to they stay . 
  and if they have conveniently lost their passport their originating state does n't accept them back anyway . 
  i agree with you from an absolute moral and humanitarian point of view . 
  but help does have upper limits in the real world . 
  germany took in around 1.1 million people last year . 
  it is expected that 4 to 5 million will follow them to germany as a part of family reunification . 
  this will leave germany with a rise of terror attacks and a shift in culture . 
  people that believe that unbelievers are less worthy than believers and that it is ok to punish their women if they disobey wo n't just let these beliefs go because they cross an imaginary line on a map . 
  and even if that was the case , how do you plan to care for them ? 
  when the effort becomes to high these people fall into poverty and be forced to steal for their living . 
  as i said , are you willing to lower your standard of living in such a way that migrants do n't want to come here anymore ? 
  you can of course also just accept that the standard of living will go down together with security while suicide attacks increase . 
  you have to accept one site , make your choice . 
  which is a distinction most people are not able to make , sadly . 
  i would n't have announced it to the world . 
  there is a difference between doing stuff and announcing that you are doing stuff while doing it . 
  your analysis of the court decisions is fair i guess , but what will you do in the comming years ? 
  africas population is sky rocketing while at the same time global warming makes farming harder and harder . 
  what is you plain for the next million , or two ? 
  is there a hard limit on migrant numbers for you or are you willing to let the level of standard of living sink to a level were it is no longer attractive for anybody to come ? 
   i am convinced that some attacks would have happened with or without willkommenskultur . 
  to counter that : the possibility can only go up with an influx of muslim migrants . 
   t was never said she would accept all others , that was put in her mouth by special-interests-bots to spread this idea in the middle east while this is true , i expect my leader to consider all possible outcomes before making a judgment . 
  especially here were this was easily foreseeable . 
  because deporting illegals is racist nowadays . 
  everybody is equal . 
  i wish i could use / s but that is the general feeling i get . 
  i ca n't say i am suprised . 
  for some reason she wants as many immigrants as she can get . 
  well i agree generally , the issue is though , how do you differentiate whether someone is reserving the sunbed for next week or whether the person just went for a swim ? 
  wtf is this ? 
  :d people do n't actually think they can reserve the beach like that , do they ? 
  my towel !, 
   we are currently not doing a good job of that in many western countries . 
  it is not our job to snoop in other peoples houses i think . 
  anyway , even if it was , how would you do that ? 
  install cameras in everybodies house ? 
   come on , many of these guys were not even religious source ? 
  saying that you kill people because of your religion makes you religious in my book . 
   then they become endoctrinated in one year you are contradicting yourself here . 
  where they religious or not ? 
   the desire to achieve something good in their life , plus the belief that the west treat muslim countries unfairly are all that matters . 
  all that matters is that they think they will be rewarded for their deeds . 
  so for example this failed suicide bomber [ here ] ( https://news.google.com/newspapers?nid=1129&amp;dat=20020608&amp;id=w9jraaaaibaj&amp;sjid=pnadaaaaibaj&amp;pg=6661,4841684&amp;hl=en ) . 
  `` i did n't want revenge for anything , i just wanted to be a martyr '' . 
   yes we must insist that this has not a place in a modern religion . 
  while i agree , how do you think muslims will react if you , an infidel , tell them how and what to believe ? 
   it 's not an excuse , it 's their motivation . 
  and it ca n't be their motivation because they never lived there . 
  they have no connection to the place . 
  their motivation is the promises made by the quran like eternal paradise if you die as a martyr . 
  just to be clear , i really wish for all of this to be true . 
  i just think that it is n't going to happen if we ignore the atrocities the quran commands ( the misogyny is a good example ) . 
  the last terror attacks in france were committed by guys that are n't even from the middle east . 
  42 % of french muslims younger than 30 think that suicide bombings can be justified . 
  these people have never lived in the middle east so what happened in the middle east ca n't be an excuse for what they think or do . 
  what i want or support does n't matter . 
   modern muslims want islam to be something else . 
  do you have any proof for that ? 
  are there reformation plans ? 
   let 's support the latter instead of saying that they adhere to an inherently evil religion . 
  i would fully support a reform but it is pretty hard to change the final word of god and i have seen no such projects . 
  the religion is inherently evil , no matter what you support or say or want . 
  you seem to be controlled by feelings , not facts . 
  your feelings will not change the quran or reality . 
  neither will the facts probably , but they do have a better chance . 
  i am focusing on islam . 
  you are trying to make this about people . 
  you are also saying islam is not inherently evil but you are not ready to talk facts , why ? 
  looking at it again you are right . 
  since we have no comparable data there is no way of being certain of the overall influence of her words with the weather conditions changing and countries closing their borders in the fall . 
   no i do n't want to because it does not matter . 
  so calls to arms do n't matter ? 
  the promise of eternity in paradise if you die a martyr does n't matter ? 
  people are dying because of these beliefs but yeah ... they do n't matter , sure . 
   besides , if you were right , we 'd be fucked . 
  either muslims give up their religion or we 're at war with them . 
  there are other options . 
  you can convert . 
  or the quran allows christians and jews to live under a muslim rule if they pay a fee . 
  personally , as an atheist i am fucked . 
  * 16:88 : `` those who disbelieved and averted [ others ] from the way of allah -- we will increase them in punishment over [ their ] punishment for what corruption they were causing . '' *, 
   or are you saying that the number increased in the fall for germany but decreased overall because of the winter ? 
  that is what the graph shows . 
  so , yes . 
  the bible has one quote were jesus , in a parabel , says bring me the heads of those who do n't want to follow me . 
  do you want to compare that to the amount of equally violent verses in the quran ? 
  less migrants can make the track in the fall/winter because of the harsher conditions . 
  so it is to be expected that the amount decreases * in general * in the fall/winter . 
  it is harder to cross the sea in fall/winter . 
   i 'm just saying islam is n't intrinsically evil did you read the quran ? 
  because i did and i do not agree with you at all . 
  there are so many violent verses and in-group mentality it 's astonishing . 
   it can still be interpreted and practiced differently if you brainwash kids from an early age on with `` this is the final and unadulterated word of god '' , how likely is it that they wo n't think it is what god wants them to live by ? 
   change the world context into something less shitty and those people with radical tendencies would live their religion differently . 
  that is what you believe and i would like to believe that too . 
  until i see evidence though i think it is not correct . 
   not every set of ideas is a religion but every religion is a set of ideas .
