  well they are right tbh , islam will win over europe . 
  ~ ~ france is projected to be a majority muslim country by 2050 and then ( or even before ) laws will change . ~ ~, 
  please do n't tell me you still think islam is a race . 
  the number of people blowing themselves up will be reported though and those numbers are looking preeeetty good for poland . 
   the average pleb in this sub does n't care about sexual harassment unless it 's done by some brown person . 
  i normally try to keep a professional language but this is just bullshit . 
   sometimes when folks lime you are then talking about `` them '' and `` our women '' you even manage to reveal that your stance on women is n't even so different from the view these perpetrators of sexual harassment are . 
  i do n't even know what to say to this . 
  it 's more bullshit , but it 's worse . 
  i wish there was a word for it . 
  people ** really ** care about female rape victims . 
  so much , that even an unfounded accusation can ruin a mans life . 
  saying that people `` do n't care '' really is just you pushing an agenda . 
  that 's why we need to change laws and conventions . 
  if somebody looking for safety terrorizes the people he/she wants help from then it should be ok to deport that person back to where he/she came from . 
  i hope you feeling superior is worth the sacrifice . 
  you are right , unfortunately . 
  but one can hope . 
  we build our own version of the australian model and grant genuine refugees access while the rest does n't get granted access or gets send back if possible . 
  i really hope somebody else becomes chancelor after the next elections . 
  source ? 
  are you sure you used enough buzzwords ? 
   if it 's misinformation regarding there being `` a lot of rape '' or related to immigration so you are not shutting down a festival due to rapes by foreigners ? 
  next we produce hot ice-cubes . 
  the ngo boats that are `` rescuing '' them could very well be destroyed , every other boat involved in the smuggeling too . 
  if the law does n't allow what 's necessary then the law should be amended accordingly . 
  i disagree and i do n't see how that leads to cc showers . 
  thanks , that makes that incoherrent rumbling much easier to understand . 
  uhm ... what ? 
  pretty good definers , yes , but morality and most importantly what 's possible change over time . 
  they committed a crime and can be deported , `` we '' just do n't want to . 
  i do n't think every crime shouldbe punishable by deportation obviously , but terrorising other people should definitely get you deported . 
  we are giving them the right to terrorise the people that helped them seek refuge , how is that logical ? 
  except there is no absolute morale , you could also say the process of locking people up is immoral . 
  it 's robbing them of their agency and hurting them physically and emotionally . 
  or you could show them the door . 
   if we ca n't act moral at our worst , we ca n't act moral at our best that 's obviously wrong . 
  you can be moral at your best and be not-moral at your worst . 
  it 's like those annoying people that say `` if you do n't want me at my worst you do n't deserve me at my best '' . 
  one just does n't follow from the other . 
  and not being willing to pay for people that came to you disguised as your guests is also not immoral . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  but it was said `` those who follow the teachings of islam '' so i think it 's fair to make a comparison between what 's written in the book and how people behave . 
  / edit : did n't see your ninja edit before : no , i do n't * want * that . 
  i want quite the opposite actually . 
  also , i was talking about the ideology , not the people . 
  it 's obviously great that they are nice to be around . 
  then they do n't follow the teachings of islam . 
  did you read the book or is this the old `` my neighbour is a nice guy so everybody who is like him must be a nice guy '' ? 
  no , this is patrick !, 
  but if confirmed it should be . 
  every house has the rule : behave or go home but somehow we ca n't do that on a national level . 
  so the echr is the reason that some people need to live in fear here , because the perpetrators would need to live in fear somewhere else . 
  that does n't make a strong case for the echr . 
  it 's also not what i am saying . 
  please calm down and leave your bias at the door . 
  please do n't troll somewhere else . 
  again , women already have the right to financial abortion !, 
  they can give the kid to somebody else who will care for it . 
  it does apply to one sex already , now make it accessible for the other sex to . 
  that 's all i am saying . 
  and women surely have more rights than men . 
  this right here proves that . 
  but i agree , i should n't have opened that can of worms . 
  thank you for your time and insight , i wish you well !, 
  it 's likely that they do n't want these pregnancies then , i am sorry but i have no clue why you think that i would n't get that point . 
  women have the right to abort and women have the right to financial abortion . 
  all i want is for men to have at least the right to financial abortion too . 
  i would also be very happy if for once it was n't about women , especially since here it 's pretty clear that women again have more rights than men . 
  i am not denying women any rights i am trying to give men . 
  women can financally abort and so should men . 
  the reason for dropping your baby off does n't matter , that 's the whole point behind the safe heaven program , which means women already have the right to have a child and have society care for it . 
  all that 's left to do is give the same right to men , which should be a no brainer , seeing that equality is such a big topic nowadays . 
  men and women can never have the exactly same rights when it comes to sex-related issues . 
  since the sexes are different we can only try to make things as equal as we can . 
  financial abortion for women thus does n't make sense since women already have the right to an abortion . 
  but women already have that right , now that i think about it . 
  women can drop their baby off at a safe heaven , no questions asked . 
  society will then take care of the babies . 
  what 's left to do is give men that right too . 
  way to make fun of a valid point . 
  i guess i am just wrong since all governments are exclusively interested in what 's good for the people . 
   if a financial or juridical abortion should be allowed for men , it should be allowed for women to can you elaborate on that ? 
  women already have the right to abort and they are the sole decision maker in the process . 
   the question remains then , as it does always , who will care for all the children that are born and exist in the here and now it could be a new rule that only applies to accidents that take place after the law has been put into place . 
  i agree that we share a lot of ground on this topic , after all we do n't want anybody to suffer because of an accident ( i assume ) . 
  ah yes , i see that now . 
  just to be clear , i think the `` you could just not have sex '' is as stupid as it gets . 
  a man should n't have a say about a womans body , i agree here too . 
  likewise , a woman should n't have a say about what the man has to do . 
  financial abort for men would be more fair . 
  both sides get to choose whether they want the baby or not . 
  the ideal solution would be that we finally get a birth control pill for men , i know some progress is being made in that area and i hope it will see the light of day soon . 
  no one is making the argument though that women could just not have sex . 
  and the man will very well have to carry the result of the accident . 
  not physically as in a pregnancy but in every other instance just as much as the woman . 
  the difference is that you give one sex the right to choose while you tell the other one to shut up and at the very least pay through your nose . 
  that ca n't be called fair . 
  does that mean you are against abortion ? 
  because you could make the same argument if you are against abortion .
