  a comment that made sense ... 
  i am shocked . 
  while you are right in everything you say ( as far as i can judge ) it does n't help us at all though . 
  if we continue with immigration on that scale the system will break down and then nobody will have money to life in dignity . 
  haha , 
  thanks , i will check their program when the time comes . 
  i think so , yes . 
  what has that to do with what i wrote ? 
  not decided yet . 
  much can happen in a year . 
  i am also a bit torn whether i should vote at all since i do n't live in germany anymore . 
  about to reelect her is a bit cocky seeing that it is one more year until the election . 
  but yes , i mean the same electorate . 
  did you notice that i wrote some of the people ? 
  it 's because the right is the embodiment of evil for these people . 
  statistics do n't matter to these people . 
  if there is one counter example in a billion occurences you are wrong . 
  there are these anonymous meeting points for men , called pubs where you can discuss these issues . 
  `` it 's a thing '' - yeah , i too like how i met your mother . 
  but seriously , it 's a thing ? 
  is every male teacher mansplaining ? 
  do n't you want to hear when you are wrong or even just other viewpoints ? 
  this is just a bullshit feminist buzzword because they ca n't win arguments because the facts are n't on their side . 
  sorry for the mainsplaining . 
  it 's a feminist issue and sweden is by far the country with the most feminists in public and politics . 
   ruin the single most successful peace project in european history due to right wing extremist fearmongering and delusions yeah , right , totally not her fault because she ignores what some of the people want . 
  fuck democracy , right ? 
  well she wo n't get my vote , that 's for sure . 
  i hope the police caught both . 
  did n't consider that , you are right !, 
  how the fuck is denying somebody service because of their sex sexism ? 
  geez , i do n't know ...  how the fuck is that racism . 
  are professional competitions in sports racism too ? 
  i do n't think they have the means to run any background checks . 
  no , the question was `` how would you attack someone without a weapon ? '', 
  and i answered that . 
  judo and brazilian jiu jitsu are n't really good recommendations for street fights since they are the perfect art for 1vs1 ( because ground almost always wins ) but since street fights are rarely 1 vs 1 you better stay on your feet . 
  not to mock those arts , they are wonderful !, 
  we can . 
  we can also just single out islands for exactly that use and use them accordingly . 
  just saying `` we ca n't '' does n't help . 
  difference being that it takes years to become good enough ( and most importantly , confident and calm enough ) to use your art in an actual fight . 
  and even then , it 's never 1 vs 1 , it 's always a group of fuckwits against 1 . 
  i have these handy hands attached to my body ... 
  see my other answer in this thread . 
  female only gyms or female only courses are a thing . 
  they are forbidding all migrants from joining . 
  whites can and are also migrants . 
  we are ok with sexism in gyms , so why should n't we be ok with this too ? 
   tight control means leading politicians can call the editor in chief and demand changes in what he is doing . 
  that 's the answer i was looking for , thank you . 
  i did n't intend to insinuate anything and i do n't think i did . 
  but anyway : please accept my apologies for the mistake . 
  thank you !, 
  so liegt der anteil der staatsvertreter bei einigen anstalten bei 50 % ; dies wird als beherrschender einfluss kritisiert so that brings me back to my original question : how tight does it have to be to be categorized as tight ? 
  i am just interested what tight means in this context , nothing more , nothing less . 
  what claim did i make and where ? 
  i asked a question and brought up a valid point , that people do n't bite the hand that feeds them . 
  ok , if you say that without any proof then i will just believe it . 
  how tight does it have to be to be categorized as tight ? 
  because ... do n't bite the hand that feeds you and all that . 
  yes , i did use sarcasm , but that does n't mean that there was n't a point hidden somewhere . 
  i thought the same was true for your argument and that i simply could n't find it . 
  thanks !, 
  care to elaborate ? 
  sure , their holy books have nothing to do with that . 
  i wonder why people always forget that . 
  i am saying parents ( of any religion ) will indoctrinate their kids into their religion . 
  yes , i said `` in any of my arguments '' and what you quoted was n't an argument . 
  jesus , please read the whole sentence and get the meaning before replying . 
  if it puts your mind at ease : if the races were reversed ( pakistani white , polish brown ) i would have said exactly the same . 
  and that is n't an argument . 
  keep showing that you need to deflect to racism because you ca n't use any factual arguments . 
  just a reminder , i did n't use race in my arguments and any of my arguments would work with each possible race . 
   seriously just admit that you are racist and only care about demonizing brown people . 
  haha , if i had known you where one of the types who does n't know the difference between a race and an ideology i woud n't have bothered . 
  there is no punishment given for disobedience . 
  that 's the point of the debate . 
  the quran clearly allows beating your wife into submission , while you think the bible says it 's ok . that 's a big difference for people who are on the fence . 
  yes , it 's explicitly mentioned that she should obey , but that it 's ok to beat her into submission is nowhere explicitly mentioned . 
  go on , where does it explicitly say that it 's ok for the husband to beat her into submission ? 
  no , because we have female-only scholarship programs . 
  not when you control for hours worked , then it even seems that men earn less than women . 
  not likely since we are having female-only programs everywhere . 
  if the system was set up fairly for both and we would still see this then yes , it would be an outcome of personal choice . 
  but as it stands we are giving extra considerations to women because of their sex and they are bound to show up somewhere . 
  i hope nobody is implying here that free choice is a problem . 
  really ? 
  where does it say that in the bible ? 
  not that i am a christian , but i did n't see that passage when i read the bible . 
  it 's probable that the polish wo n't tell their kids that a book which tells you it 's ok to hit your wife if she continuously disobeys is the word of god . 
  i ca n't find a source i am comfortable with stating and i therefore retract my statement . 
  sorry for wasting your time . 
  she is still showing clearly that she welcomes migrants with open arms , just this week she announced that she is against an upper limit when it comes to refugees . 
  what kind of message does that send to those willing to come ? 
  what does it tell italy and greece ? 
  what effects will it have on the amount of people coming ? 
  you are right , she is the best option so far , but that does n't mean that she ca n't or should n't be criticised . 
  the eus unwillingness to do what is necessary could be its downfall . 
  i really hope that does n't happen but it seems more and more likely with every day .
