  `` misinterpreted the book ... '', 
   side note , you refer to secure encryption , like what exactly ? 
  like tls ? 
  e2e  and if they were they would make many implementation mistakes that could be circumvented . 
  afaik isis has some pretty good people . 
  and even if they had n't somebody would release something somewhere on the internet , just because they are interested in crypto . 
  anybody advocating for this has no idea about the real world , imho . 
  do you think terrorists or criminals will stop using e2e encryption because of this law ? 
  of course not . 
  if laws would deter them from crimes we would n't need a new law . 
  the only effect this law will have is that regular people will not be allowed anymore to use secure encryption . 
  i fully agree with him on this one , but i do have to laugh seeing him judge other people ... 
  to put this into perspective , more than 3 million men in the uk are circumcised . 
   then they are older and most by far will be settled by then depends on how long the whole process takes . 
  seeing that the german approach is `` quantity instead of quality '' atm ( regarding how applications have to be processed ) i am leaning more towards that it wo n't take too long . 
   syrians do n't have special relations to the uk afaik , most migrants are n't syrians . 
  but to get back to topic , my only point was that the brexit does give the uk the power to select who may settle in the uk . 
  what i meant was : it is unlikely that the majority of people that asked for asylum last year will go back after their reason to ask for asulym has disappeared ( if it ever does ) . 
  germany and sweden are n't well known for their success with deportations ( all jokes aside ) . 
  in the log run these people will therefore become eu citizen and can then freely move to the uk , if they wish . 
  i do n't agree with this . 
  a migrant just needs to get citizenship in one eu-country and will then be able to move to the uk . 
  if , as a uk citizen ( or even the uk government ) , you disagree with the immigration policies of one or all countries then there is nothing you can do about it . 
  that person has the right to move to the uk . 
  as somebody living in a small euro sceptic country i like this a lot !, 
  that 's mainly because islam is not only a religon but an ideology . 
  and it is much harder to contain an ideology or even keep it in check . 
  it also does n't help that every critique of islam is branded as pure racism to shut people up . 
  i am so glad i am already out of school . 
  is that why erdogan forbade academics from leaving turkey ? 
  i do n't think that that is even more ridiculous . 
  maybe not banning it , but giving it the lowest priority possible . 
  you wa n't to believe ? 
  fine , there is nothing i can do against it anyway . 
  your religion says you need to cut your childrens genitals ? 
  fuck right off , mate !, 
  did i say this was my plan ? 
  did i say this was feasible ? 
  personally i am for stripping religion of its ridiculous amounts of rights . 
  do you want to forbid religion ? 
  because as i see it ( i might be wrong of course ) it 's one or the other . 
  or that we learn to live with the threats to our lives . 
   the middle in europe is going to quickly turn against muslims if this continues . 
  this is true and i think it will happen sooner or later . 
  but what can we do to stop it ? 
  everything that can be ( sensibly ) done is protestes by leftists that want to show how open they are . 
  i am guessing that this will lead to people leaning further and further to the right to the point were far right parties will build the government one day . 
  relevance to my comment ? 
  with the crucial difference that no one would care if the dresscode was not to wear a hat . 
   is it not so much to ask to have some exceptions for religious belief ? 
  it is actually . 
  religion does n't deserve any exceptions . 
  are you mocking my religion ? 
  have you no shame ? 
  i do n't think that is true but as this would be hard to prove anyway i think it does n't matter . 
  the big difference is though that we are gradually getting rid of our christian fanatics . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  odd though that they do exist even if they have no real power . 
  you are of course right , the critique should first and foremost be directed at the ideology . 
  but it is kinda naive to think that followers of an ideology are not influenced by that ideology . 
  if that was n't the case we would n't even have this discussion . 
   we do n't have full sharia law and already having sharia courts is not a first step for you ? 
   no sharia law  we do have sharia courts how does that work ? 
  tbh , very unlikely . 
  but his statement makes it look like everybody who opposes islam has no basis to do so , just because the number of muslims in a country are n't as high as expected . 
  or maybe hungarians just read the islamic sources themselves and saw the statistics about the number of muslims that want sharia law . 
  keep it then . 
  why would i need to use up all my phone data in 5s anyway ? 
  let me know when that definition makes it into a dictionary . 
  yes , it would be discrimination . 
  but it would n't be racist . 
  that was my point . 
  for it to be fair . 
  simple as that . 
  i ca n't forbid someone else to do stuff if i am doing it myself . 
  the point is though that these clothes are a sign of female opression . 
  if it really was just a question of modesty , non-muslim women would wear them too . 
  what is exaggerated fear of islam ? 
  erdogan is doing his best to change that though . 
  personal judgement without objective justification should not dictate our laws . 
  i think that that is a very weak argument . 
  `` it has always been like this , therefore we do it . 
  but you ca n't . 
  because you do it a bit differently '' . 
  my two cents are that no new religious places with high towers should be build anymore and that all religious buildings are banned from using bells , muezzin and whateverotherreligionshaveinventedtomakenoise . 
  it 's only sexism when it goes against women . 
  like it is only racism when it goes against poc . 
  how would segregation based on a religion be racist ? 
  i have been groped as well . 
  last weekend actually . 
  as a man . 
  i think we should segregate women and men . 
  just as a precaution . 
   well religions do have a terrible habit of propagating themselves . 
  i have no love for religion . 
  that makes two of us . 
  and i would n't even feel the need to talk about this possibility if religion was n't valued as something that sacred by our state and the population in general . 
   1 million asylum applications ( 25 % -32 % rejection rate ) . 
  interesting read , thank you . 
  while 1 million does n't sound like much compared to 74mio .
