  i absolutely disagree . 
  religion does n't have a place in schools and we should n't bend the rules to accomodate some peoples delusions . 
  it took us long enough to get to this level of secularisation and we should n't make a single step back . 
  and islamophobia is a bad thing becauuuuse ... ? 
  even the word islamophobia makes no sense . 
  since when is being against an idea the same as being afraid of it ? 
  i am against tuna , do i therefore have tunaphobia ? 
  there is no room for religions in school . 
  it does n't matter whether muslims were the only ones to pray . 
  the rules are the same for everybody here . 
  you got to be talking about that chick . 
  in that case it does indeed make more sense to be alone with that one government ( to clear up its act ) instead of being subject to 26 governments . 
  according to that mans ( danish ) [ wikipedia ] ( https://da.wikipedia.org/wiki/sam_mansour#den_anden_terrorsag_.282014-nu.29 ) page he called for armed jihad many times . 
  i do n't know if that counts as ordering a murder under us law but for me that is crossing the line . 
  his books were also read by mohammed atta ( 9/11 ) so i do n't think he only voiced an opinion . 
  but to be fair , i do n't know which books were found or what their content were , they might be harmless . 
  just saying a nazi or voicing your support for terrorism should n't get you into jail , no , but asking people to murder other people should . 
  i know the hitler comparison has been so overused that it is sitting in a corner being sore , but : hitler never killed anybody ( too my knowledge ) . 
  should he therefore not be treated like a criminal ? 
  also , why do you feel the need to use these straw men ? 
  you are painting it like he said something that would benefit humanity or would uncover government wrongdoings . 
  but to the contrary , he spoke out against western societies and their way of living . 
  hate speech is n't to be tolerated and as a foreigner living in denmark i applaud the government taking action on this . 
  i do n't want this man in my surrounding , spewing hate and giving immigrants a bad name . 
  i said the country of his upbringing . 
  or does n't this man have another passport ? 
  and so the feminists gain another stronghold . 
  too bad that it wo n't make a difference . 
  i fear that merkel will do everything to not have to do the dirty work herself . 
  `` you ca n't have ramadan without good food , '' how about you just do n't then ? 
  bright as in nuclear explosion ? 
  love it !, 
  i think that a person that hateful should be deported , regardless of what might happen to him in the country of his upbringing . 
   i do think that people should be able to believe whatever they want as long as it does n't affect others . 
  that right there is the problem for me though . 
  believes always influence others . 
  there is no way that if someone believes that sharia law should become the law of a country that it does n't influence others . 
  be it at the least the persons children who will be `` brainwashed '' to believe that that is the best thing that could happen to someone . 
  even though you are correct in saying that the word `` muslim '' is used as a synonym for middle easterners , i do n't think that it should be encouraged any further as it is factually wrong . 
  it only harms people from those regions that are n't muslims but are being falsely lumped together with others . 
  i think that part of the problem is that everybody has gotten so overly sensitive and that most of the people just ca n't think about criticism anymore without thinking it is an attack of their very being . 
  i personally think that i am a very leftist person but i do n't get the attacks on ideas that come from the right , be it sverigedemokraterna ( i lived in sweden as an echange student ) or afd in germany ( where i am from ) . 
  their ideas are being brushed off just because they have the label of a political spectrum that is considered wrong at the moment and therefore all their ideas must be wrong . 
  but as in every party some ideas are good and some are bad . 
  i really wish people would think more before running their mouth . 
  the problem is though that the current influx is not sustainable . 
  the eu is rich , yes , but atm most migrants only go to certain countries . 
  relatively new to reddit . 
  what does that mean ? 
  i actually agree up to the last sentence . 
  that 's a very important distinction which i did n't see . 
  as an anti-theist i do have a problem though with not being allowed to call out people for their believes . 
  you must n't phrase it the way you did of course but criticism of people based on thei values they hold sacred needs to be allowed . 
  i do n't think that i am the ignorant for not thinking that this is the same as gang rapes . 
  shielding other men out in the open from the police while keeping women in the middle of a circle to molest/rape them is definitely something that has n't happened before . 
  i am open to evidence to the contrary though . 
  what has his nationality with your comment to do ? 
  fact is that taharrush gamea has n't happened before . 
  there were rapes , yes , but not on that scale and with that planing . 
  or are you denying that ? 
  i should have marked that question as rethoric , 
  maybe you should start living in this reality . 
  and bit by bit every right is being underminded and taken away . 
  hate speech is horrible of course , but why lump it together with anti-immigration speech ? 
  why do i have to be pro-immigration ? 
  which is nice . 
  really , it is . 
  but that is not what the quran says . 
  so he must be a bad muslim . 
  and therefore he might as well not call himself a muslim . 
  not everybody who chose the label muslim is a bad person or whatever , i just think that if you need to interpret gods word so far from the literal meaining of it then you might as well stop calling yourself a believer altogether . 
  is there a subreddit for facts over feelings ? 
  that would be austria ... 
  i read the bible and the quran and for what it 's worth ( nothing , since it 's anecdotal ) , the quran is way worse when it comes to punishment that believers should inflict on each other or others . 
  always glad to help . 
  did n't know all germans had to subscribe to a common ideology to be german . 
  til . 
  cool that you feel like offering nationals is ok . 
  i hope it stays that way . 
  because those muslims tend to skip the parts in their holy books which say the other guy is right . 
  how do you define backwards ? 
  if god says it should be done that way , how can you define it as backwards without saying that the whole religion is backwards ? 
  what about the other refugees ? 
  how many of them will be allowed to bring their family ? 
  the pm is n't the only swede . 
  i forgot that , i was wrong , i am sorry . 
  the way this reads to me is that people should get away from a literal reading and always let secular values trump religious ones . 
  i agree 100 % with that . 
  i just think that it is dishonest to the text . 
  if it needs interpretation to be able to unify your text with your morals you might as well go ahead and ditch the religious text . 
  thank you for the clarification !, 
   what makes christianity modern and tolerable is n't the superiority of what 's written in their holy book i disagree , even though i am not a christian , i just read their book and the quran . 
  there are violent atrocities in the bible , but i saw more calls to arms in the quran than i saw in the bible . 
  but i really do n't want to compare one work of fiction with the other . 
   you are right in this , as the muslim doctrine also adopts a series of `` fiqh '' , which are wise men 's reflections and interpretations that reach an accepted status . 
  i was talking about the ahadith , the teachings and sayings of mohammed . 
   in other words , there are countless ways in which islam can be changed , reformed and evolved today , and hundreds of different interpretations and variants to choose from and improve . 
  i agree , but that does n't necessarily mean that the variants differ from each other in ways we would like to see . 
  monogamy might be one way of interpreting the books but ( which would give us two variants ) but in both variants death to unbelievers could still be the consensus . 
   islam can not be judged by the naked text of the qur ` an more than catholicism can be judged by the naked text of the old testament .
