  of course they are still coming because italy basically still allows this ferry service to continue . 
  the walls are working perfectly for austria and hungary . 
  then bringing up fgm here is moot since the only way we can reach equality that 's left is by banning mgm . 
   getting debaptized is possible but really long . 
  as somebody who left the church i can tell you it 's signing a paper and that 's it . 
  if you are now going to tell me that i am still baptized since i did n't go through some sort of ritual i can only say that i do n't share that sentiment . 
  you yourself did n't go through demurak to free yourself of babtet , or did you ? 
  in my book that means walls work for the moment . 
  if your scenario becomes true we will deal with it accordingly . 
  what does n't work is doing nothing . 
  because of religion and because society sees men as expendable . 
  feminism , on top of the two other things , paint men as evil sexual predators so decreasing their sexual sensitivity makes women safer . 
  so we should allow forms of fgm that are comparable to mgm ? 
   when we talk about fgm we talk mostly about the `` more '' invasive ones . 
  let me preface my comment by saying that i am in no way , shape or form for genital mutilation but that i am just playing devils advoate here . 
  all forms of fgm are outlawed , not just the bad ones . 
  all forms of mgm are allowed . 
  some of the forms are comparable though and to get actual equality we would either need to allow some forms of fgm or ban all forms of mgm . 
  then it 's still done without consent . 
  but it 's for an actual reason , which makes it ok . 
  you ca n't bes serious . 
  i think it 's the hospitals responsibility to check that a legal guardian orders the mutilation . 
  so if the grandparents are legal guardians nothing should happen to the hospital , but if they are n't it 's the hospitals fault . 
  so ... walls do work ? 
  welcome to / r/mensrights . 
  menrights and feminism ca n't be allies since ** the ** bad guy according to feminism is men . 
  #killallmen , #maletears and the myriad of other hastags that exist . 
  and to be honest , i ca n't take people seriously that have already more legal rights than the other gender if they continue to paint themselves as oppressed and the victims . 
  i think its working pretty well for austria and hungary . 
  i think you did n't get what / u/swing _ all_night was getting at . 
  the point is exactly that women have their protection because they have a movement like feminism . 
  so if men want the same protection they also need a movement . 
  that 's at least how i understood the comment . 
  here is a [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slheooqhsvw ) of the standard circumcision procedure . 
  best to watch it with sound . 
  women already have more rights in the west than men do , so something like this really would make sense . 
  the problem is that feminists have become really god at painting men as perpetrators and women as victims . 
  this wo n't be easy to change . 
  one of the punishments for smuggling could be seizing the smugglers ships . 
  in all fairness , the chinese were able to build a 3900 mile wall in about 300 years with technology from the 16th century . 
  i do n't think building the us wall is that unfeasible given enough time and current technology . 
  this is the very first step in a row of steps that need to be taken . 
  if italy closes their harbours the ships can go somewhere else , but that way is longer and the smugglers will loose a part of their profit which makes smuggling less attractive . 
  that 's a good first step . 
  it 's just a ferry service / s, 
  there 's a difference between being strongly for something and not trying to break international rules . 
  her rethorik made it clear that she was strongly in favour of helping immigrants . 
  why do they need to block the road ? 
  and please do n't glorify ramadan , eating that unhealthily can lead to many many problems . 
  that 's not an argument though , that 's `` just '' a fact . 
  it seems pretty new . 
  24th of june . 
  what 's your argument ? 
  because this does n't reinforce your argument at all if your argument is that it should be that what it originally was . 
  this is the best comment chain i have read in a long time . 
  i welcome what she is doing , do n't get me wrong . 
  it 's in all fairness though not what the book commands you to do , that 's why there is resistance , especially from muslims . 
  the `` additional benefit '' is obviously that the people they recommend are `` good '' for you , which is their whole business model . 
  i assume that your end goal is to just get the money with as little work as possible . 
  the agency will likely assume the same . 
  only giving you people that you are n't happy with would hurt their business model . 
   not to mention you are saying this on a study that rental discrimination is 27 % for arabs meaning 73 % of the cases do not i had to check the source to find out what you mean but the source also just says `` 27 % '' of what , but not how they got their number . 
  arabs receive 27 % less positive responses to the applications they sent out ? 
  how do you verify that thei are only going after the highest paycheck and not also additional `` features '' ? 
  so what logic are they applying and have you checked the process ? 
  no , it 's immoral of you to have someone applying the logic you are criticising here to your benefit while pointing fingers at others . 
  you let the agency do your dirty work and act here like you have the moral high ground . 
  educate me . 
  agreed , i was told , more than once , that i do n't need to apply because only women were accepted . 
  it 's funny , i am quite sure you are the first one to make race a factor here . 
   though `` slobs '' generally do n't apply due to my rent . 
  so your rent is unusually high and you attract only richer customers anyway ? 
  it 's not required in your religion/culture but it might be required in others . 
  i do n't see how you can disagree with the modified version of the quote . 
  any argument you 'd use could be used against male genital mutilation as well . 
  all i can say is that you absolutely should change your religion ( and you can , schizsms happen all the time ) if something is the wrong thing to do . 
   you really ca n't explain how circumcision benefits people without consideration of god , and an infant ca n't choose to be circumcised . 
  `` you ca n't really explain how female circumcision benefits people without consideration of god and an infant ca n't choose to be circumcised . '', 
  death is n't the only outcome of terror ... 
  please stop with those straw men . 
  that 's not the argument . 
  the argument is `` they are stupid , they could n't come up with such a plan '' . 
  islamophobia is already a meaningless term . 
  at it 's weakest it means `` dislike of islam '' wich should n't really require it 's own word , let alone one that is meant as an insult . 
  as it has with female circumcision ? 
  that 's obama . 
  no , i am not . 
  i am telling you that i ca n't tell you what germany thinks , but my guess is that it generally has a good view on the us seeing that the us is top on the emigration list . 
  how can i know what all germans think ? 
  i have n't asked each and every one of us . 
  i can only tell you what i think . 
   some examples then ? 
  examples of what ? 
   i 'm claiming that this is the core of every religious belief , not that it 's true . 
  i must have misunderstood you , my apologies , i thought you were making that claim . 
  but that just shifts the burden of proof to the believer and ca n't be used as an argument until proven . 
   there are contradictions , inconsistencies and ambiguity all over the place , it ca n't be all taken literally . 
  agreed , but then why even read the book ? 
   and then someone finds a way to `` make it work '' and eventually they adapt . 
  hopefully , but as i said in my initial comment : i doubt that .
