   literally every religious denomination interprets the text to suit their personal agenda - this is how religion ( and literary interpretation in general !, 
  agreed , but that 's what i object to . 
  it 's factually correct , people do it , but it is dishonest to interpret gods word to your liking . 
   when the book both says that the taking of a life is only acceptable in self defence that is , again technically , correct the issue comes when you take into consideration what islam counts as an attack against itself . 
  this is important and overlooked most of the times . 
  on top of that , afaik the sword verses are younger than the peace verses and according to [ the principle of abrogation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/naskh_ ( tafsir ) ) younger verses outweigh older verses . 
   claiming that an entire religion thinks homogenously is , as such , not grounded in reality . 
  that 's not what i am saying , what i am saying is that it * would be * the most honest approach . 
   should hate preachers have the right to do what they do ? 
  i would say no . 
  agreed . 
   in islam , this concept is called tafsir find me one that says being gay is ok ( preferably with the sources used ) and then we can talk . 
   presuming that everything must be read in a literalist sense is completely out of touch with reality . 
  this is my biggest issue with your comment : why is it out of touch with reality ? 
  who do you think you are you know better than god ? 
  ( not you personally , obviously ) god wrote down his inerrand word and you tweak it to fit your personal morale ( which is a better one than gods , presumabely ) . 
  you do n't get to change gods word . 
  if you change gods word to fit your agenda you are effectively becoming god . 
  a literal reading is the most honest one , but i am ready to have my view changed on that . 
  it matters as in if you teach your kids that this is how god wants you behave unless you want to be tortured for all eternity they are more likely to behave that way . 
   which is completely meaningless because the entire teachings of a religion can not be obtained from one holy book . 
  this is why denominations exist in the first place - if it were clear cut , there would be no divisions of opinion . 
  the anti gay thing is pretty clear cut according to islamic teachings . 
  and i am not talking about people here , i am talking about the books themselves . 
  and whether the teachings can be obtained from one holy book or not is determined by the number of books it has . 
  islam has the quran and the ahadith . 
  where else would you take teachings from ? 
   hell , the bible calls for animal sacrifice and the burning of non-believers ` like twigs ' . 
  and that is bad and deplorable . 
  i just want some consistency here . 
  i was talking about islam , not muslims . 
  the teachings of islam as they are presented in the book itself . 
  i am pretty sure that international law does n't forbid somebody from saying that they are against gay rights for example . 
  i might be wrong though . 
  agreed . 
  it 's not about people , it 's about ideologies . 
  sorry , i just realize i probably should n't even have brought that up here . 
  it was uncalled for . 
  enjoy your day !, 
  so islam is also deplorable ? 
  they share the same anti-gay goal with the nazis . 
  then being a nazi can also be a `` natural quality '' since it is possible to be taught those thoughts when you are a child . 
  what if other people under a different label have some of the same goals ? 
  would that be ok ? 
  i mean should n't it be on a case by case basis ? 
  religion is n't a `` natural quality '' . 
  thought police , nice !, 
  where do you draw the line for what should be forbidden and what not ? 
  on a case by case basis ? 
  ah , now i got it , thanks , i agree . 
  how is that backwards ? 
  calm down man , i did n't say anything to warrant such a response . 
  read my text again , i commented on the level their game was at , not their intentions . 
  nothing probably , we already have no right to privacy in their eyes . 
  it might mean that they would do what they already are doing out in the open . 
  well they have to be . 
  another successfull attack this close to elections would probably influence the vote . 
  that escalated quickly . 
  it 's made up ? 
   schulz called for greater solidarity in europe on the migrant issue and described the actions of hungarian prime minister viktor orban , who has resisted attempts by the eu to coordinate migration , as an affont to european unity . 
  wow . 
  yes yes , as always , it 's not their fault , it 's somehow `` our '' fault . 
  ignoring the attacks in germany that happened last year , nice . 
  care to explain ? 
  since my reproductive rights as a man are `` shut up '' or `` keep it in your pants '' i 'd assume it can only become better, 
  since my reproductive rights as a man are `` shut up '' or `` keep it in your pants '' i 'd assume it can only become better, 
  oh yes , you are right , i did n't see that . 
  your comment was racist ** and ** sexist . 
   but to force the will of a room full of white men racist . 
  i prefer to not visit / r/altright , but thanks for answering , 
   but the `` go back home '' seems to indicate that they would like to stress this drowning-guy 's foreignness and ** therefore it does n't matter to them if he dies . 
  ** completely made up . 
  that is n't racist though . 
  it is n't nice , but not racist . 
  i do n't see much `` anti-jew '' propaganda these days , not even with the really right leaning parties . 
  not to say that you are wrong but the anti-jew-sentiment is n't on the rise in those circles as far as i noticed . 
  are there any articles on this ? 
  can i see that list ? 
  and preferably a link to the author ? 
  but you said that trump might disagree to the us being the leader of the free world . 
  i think he does n't . 
  i would still say no , he thinks america is the leader of the free world . 
  where are you going with this ? 
  how can you be wrong about people that think a pedophile is the best man that ever lived and who praise a book that says it 's ok to hit your wife if she disobeys ? 
  so you think that trump would say `` no , america is n't the leader of the free world !, 
  i always thought it was the us but i might be wrong . 
  germany is the leader of the free world ? 
  that 's news to me . 
  do the same laws apply for men and women or do n't they ? 
  it 's a pretty simple question . 
  define fine . 
   shutting down the nafta was n't nafta responsible for a lot of lost jobs in the us ? 
  ah yes , that brief period before elctions where politicians react to what their people want . 
  as if any sales would be rounded down . 
  but i think it 's a good idea too . 
  the right to genital integrity . 
  well , if the plane fits ... 
  yes , or why did you bring that up ? 
  it has nothing to do with the `` discussion '' i had with the other guy which you decided to hijack . 
  i hope that this means that soon men will have the same legal rights as women .
