  how can you measure the damage if you have no data to compare it to ? 
  until we have had a few cycles of no time change you ca n't say the damages are measurable , at least not if we are speaking totals . 
  i have only met one person irl that was against it but several that are for it . 
  it 's not only a statistical argument . 
  you could argue that it prevents deaths due to there being more light in the mornings when the roads are slippery ( in the winter ) . 
  well actually you would need to compare the numbers from before and after , so yeah , it 's a statistical argument still . 
  to answer your question . 
  i am ** guessing ** more people like it than dislike it . 
  because you do n't like it i have to suffer ? 
  is n't winter time the standard time ? 
  regardless , having the sun come out one hour earlier in winter seems safer but i am open to having that view changed . 
  compared to no summer time of course ... 
  that 's not possible for everybody and on that of that : you would still have one more hour of sun , even if you started earlier . 
  that 's not what i said . 
  i was refering to your edit . 
   edit : she compares swedish and norwegian drinking habits to finnish and claims that there are differences because of finnish culture . 
  svenska is the language , sverige is the country . 
  well ... sorry ... but that sounds at least possible . 
  is n't that even part of culture , drinking habits ? 
   there 's absolutely no reason to turn the clocks to any direction anymore . 
  no , one more sunny hour after work is a very good reason , at least to me . 
  we also have more time in the evenings after work , which is the real advantage . 
  and i would very much like to keep it that way . 
  how about we move the time when it happens to friday ? 
  gives you a night to get over your horrible jet lag . 
  ah , i see that now . 
  you are right , what i wrote was quite confusing , sorry about that . 
  giving people equal rights is necessary in my opinion . 
  care to elaborate why you think it was n't necessary ? 
  let me know when your definition makes it into a dictionary . 
  which is n't racist . 
  actually you came up with races since you called people racist for totally un-racist statements . 
  i did . 
  you are wrong . 
  since no races are involved it does n't . 
   generalizing people based on their ethnicity is racist . 
  nope , it does n't fit the definition of racism . 
  if it would , generalizing nazis would be racist too , or generalizing scientologists . 
  i know what racist brigading is . 
  there might be brigading going on but it is n't racist . 
  that 's the whole point of my comment . 
  being against islam is n't the same as racism since no race is involved . 
  is being against christianity also racism to you ? 
  btw , ethnicity is n't the same as race . 
   the things that are considered barbaric in the quran also exist in the bible but people are n't as willing to attack christians in the same way as muslims . 
  the old `` we had one problem , why not import it again '' - argument . 
  do you know the difference between a race and a religion or is that concept too hard for you to understand ? 
  you are doing nobody a favour by mislabeling people , all you do is weaken the word `` racist '' . 
  way to ignore the impacts of the parents religion who clearly labels women as second class citizens ... 
  nobody says you are turning arabic . 
  some say you are turning muslim majority . 
  does n't mean you ca n't be right sometimes . 
  it 's an attack on the western way of life . 
  i think the continuation of it is crazy , yes . 
  necessary in the past , ifantilizing and dividing now . 
  a mouse born in a horses stable is n't a horse . 
  how is this news ? 
  it 's a simple fact . 
  well if you know that it will happen again what else is there than fear ? 
  if there is almost nothing done proactively you can only be afraid and hope that it is n't you next time . 
  ignore them , that will safe lifes . 
  if people would keep it to themselves there would be nothing to fight about , i agree with you 100 % there . 
  but as i said , people do n't keep it to themselves . 
  people kill for their religion , want secular laws bent for their religion , they mutilate and/or indoctrinate their children . 
  all of that is outside their head and i would like to see a single religious person who does n't / did n't at least do one of those things . 
   i mean , it 's not necessarily contained to that it rarely is . 
  and either it is or it is n't . 
  since we have people kill for their religion or try to force it unto others you ca n't seriously say religion is practiced in their heads only . 
  i think you are forgetting that religion is n't practiced in ones own head . 
  much like the guy here did n't just do stuff in his head ... 
  usually i would agree but i just think we ca n't ignore this problem anymore . 
  our way of just saying these are cultural differences when it clearly is a problem of ideologies that are conflicting with our way of living is n't working and people are dying horribly because of it . 
  i think it is fair to revoke somebodies citizenship if they commited a crime that warrants that and has another citizenship ( does n't become stateless ) . 
  but important for this issue is this sentence from the source :  neither man is a german citizen , and both will also be barred from reentering the country , authorities said . 
  they are not deporting german citizens . 
  i do n't know how freedom of speech got into this . 
  you already do n't have the right to say every hateful thing you wo n't so freedom of speech would n't be impacted here anyway . 
  freedom of religion o the other hand should really go . 
  you have the right to assemble and you have the right to free speech . 
  what else do you need freedom of religion for other than undermining secular laws ? 
   which is why you can prosecute and jail them . 
  i do n't think putting them together with more people they can radicalize is a good option . 
  how is them being german the problem ? 
  makes sense . 
  there should be a certain level of proof of their actions but then i am willing to discuss this . 
  not punishing those people is n't an option either . 
  i do n't see how respect for a made up story is enlightened , but ok . 
  well , he has the power to open the doors to europe for all the migrants . 
  that 's going to be fun . 
  yeah , 20th century weaponry was really a game changer . 
  on the other hand , mutually assured destruction helps us keep the peace now . 
  funny how life goes . 
  i updated my post since there seems to be a bit of a problem with understanding what i am refering to . 
  i was refering to this :  germany deserves a bit of a break after the last year and a half . 
   germany deserves a bit of a break after the last year and a half . 
  that seems to be a hard connection to make , no offense , so many people did n't get that . 
  is that really my fault ? 
  meaning that it was clear that the number of attacks would increase if you let in that many people unfiltered and that you therefore have no reason to complain now . 
  i did , but that was a few years ago and i really hated history ( since most of it was hitler this hitler that anyway ) . 
  nice , you finally got it .
