  the amount of women that would cover up after you remove force and childhood indoctrination is probably minimal . 
  you raise valid points but at the same time you leave a lot of people to religious indoctrination . 
  i am actually not completely sure where i stand on this , on one hand the state should n't ban something that you put on your head , on the other hand i do think that these people need help . 
  both stances are moral and that makes it hard , for me at least , to decide which side i should choose . 
  people do n't want to hear about what feminists have to say because they want more power for the people that already have the most privileges . 
  it 's just annoying . 
  well feminists are empowering the most privileged in society , so no wonder people are fed up with the fat kid asking for more cookies . 
   so these women chose to wear the headscarf . 
  because the other women in iran are ** forced ** to wear it . 
  since their government forces women to cover up against their will i do n't think that comparison is fair . 
  seeing that the romans here are forced to wear the headscarf i do n't think that saying applies . 
  if you do n't object you are likely to see it become widespread . 
  thanks , that page is from january 2016 though . 
  feminist snowplowing was started after that , as far as i understand . 
  my other comment got deleted because it linked to thelocal which is forbidden apparently so here is the [ source ] ( http://www.dn.se/sthlm/trafikborgarradet-snorojningen-har-inte-fungerat/ ) ( in swedish ) . 
  i can only go by what i read in the news , do you have a source that says that the policy was never implemented ? 
  and for a little more fun : [ 9 alternatives to feminist snowplowing ] ( http://www.dn.se/sthlm/nio-alternativ-till-feministisk-snorojning/ ) ( in swedish ) . 
  yes , a lot . 
  i actually prefer riding through snow on my mountainbike ( back when i still had one ) . 
  it 's nice and calm . 
  you need good clothing though , obviously . 
  am german , do n't care . 
  if you go to disneyland you need to wear a hat with two big ears . 
  who are you , one of my high school teachers ? 
   shia vs sunni is * religious differences * ... . / s, 
  it 's not only hear health that should be taken into account though . 
  in my opinion , if the baby is far enough developed to feel the pain of the abortion it should be considered too late . 
   the kind of campaign does n't matter . 
  i think it does . 
  there is a big difference between `` no abortions '' and `` no abortions after a certain date '' . 
   campaigns to influence based on religion , ideology and politics are therefore excluded from this process because they are not medical providers . 
  i agree with this , for the record . 
  fine by me . 
  you chose the word hatred . 
  i was just following your example . 
  i think it is perfectly fine for a society do declare a dislike for an ideology . 
  yeah , what kind , you did n't say what kind !, 
  i listed two alternatives . 
  or are they the same to you ? 
   not a debate for the general public . 
  well i am hoping that that is not true because laws should reflect what the general public thinks is right . 
  at least in a democracy . 
  so what is the answer to my question ? 
  interesting , thank you . 
  i have to admit though that that is n't how i read it on wikipedia . 
  could you point me to other sources that talk about this ? 
   depends on what you mean by `` muslim '' . 
   if you mean homophobic fundamentalist religion , then gays and muslims are not in the same boat . 
  and that is exactly what i mean since the quran is pretty clear on gay people . 
  there is no way around it . 
   there are gay muslims ( by the millions ) , so the gay community ( and hopefully the left ) can not abandon them to their imams . 
  and why exactly would that be a problem ? 
  because their religion is clear about gays . 
  and if you support muslims you support their religion . 
  you can support people , sure , but if you group them by their label then you support their religion since that is the thing that unifies them . 
   it 's right to remind the left that gays have a problem with islam it is also the other way around . 
  that way is actually the bigger problem , if you ask me . 
   but on the other hand that does n't mean we accept hatred of muslims people rarely hate muslims , what they hate is islam . 
  people believe different things , even within a religion but there is power in numbers . 
  it is important to realize that a hatred of islam does n't necessarily mean a hatred of your nice next door neighboor who is more a cultural muslim than a believing one . 
  spon is the worst . 
  what anti abortion campaigns are we talking about here ? 
  because there is some confusion as far as i can see . 
  somebody says `` you should n't be able to abort after a certain date '' is reported elsewhere als `` person xyz is against ( all ) abortions ) . 
  what did she say ? 
  * disclaimer : i am pro abortions until a certain date . 
   when leftists stand with muslims , they are also standing with gay people . 
  you really have to pick a side here since making one stronger makes it worse for the other side . 
  what you said , but definitely sharia on top of that . 
  til you should n't enter the louvre with a suitcase . 
  maybe they hate islam ? 
  made me laugh , thank you :d, 
   similarly , there are no such statements in judaism , or christianity . 
  no , but two branches say what should be done with gays ( judaism and islam ) while one does n't speak about it ( christianity ) . 
  that jesus never lost a word about gay people is far better than the other two being outright about what should be done with gay people . 
  and actually , it is n't only that there is no statement that being gay is n't ok , there is n't a single interpretation that says it is ok .  as there is no central authority in islam , judaism , protestantism , pretty much all interpretations can be justified - or , more accurately , there is more scope for non-literalist readings . 
  if you allow people to disregard certain parts of the texts , yes , but as i said , that would be dishonest . 
   the accusations of homophobia in islam are unjustified without considering the other abrahamic religions equally bad . 
  that depends , we could for example count the number of times the punishment for being gay was mentioned . 
  there is at least one in the tora and at least one in the quran . 
  i have n't read all the ahadith but i would be surprised if it would n't come up in one of the books . 
  or you could look at the cruelty of the punishment . 
  the abrahamic religions are only equally bad if the punishment is equally severe and if it comes up the same amount of times . 
  that 's my definition of equally at least . 
   there is no ` most honest ' way to read a book . 
  i think there is . 
  let 's say the book says `` the curtains are blue '' . 
  you telling me that the curtains are red in the book is less honest than somebody else telling me that the curtains are blue in the book . 
   that does n't make a literalist interpretation more ` true ' than any other interpretation . 
  this where we disagree . 
  but i am fine with that , let 's agree to disagree . 
   it is up for debate how some sections apply to the present day because there is no one ` true ' interpretation . 
  ignoring where we agreed to disagree : even taking into consideration that there is no true interpretation i have n't seen a single interpretation that says being gay is ok ( including the sex , of course ) . 
  we can talk about the most honest way to read a book all day long but if none of the interpretations give us what we want to hear then it 's probably because the book does n't give us what we want to hear . 
   he acknowledged that while islamic law iterations prohibits pre - and extra-marital as well as same-sex sexual activity , it does not attempt to `` regulate feelings , emotions and urges , but only its translation into action that authorities had declared unlawful '' . 
  [ you are technically correct ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/909/991/48c.jpg ) , some say it 's ok to be gay . 
  but come on , who is gay and does n't have sex ( or : who does n't have sex ? ) . 
  thank you for finding the source , but in reality this does n't change anything . 
   because the qu ` ran - like most religious texts - reads more like poetry than it does a list of instructions . 
  some parts , yes , other parts are pretty clear , like being gay ( and i include gay sex here , for good measure ) .
