  the same link states that 7,36 mio people are estimated to arrive as part of that process which totals the number at 8.36 million ( 11.3 % of the 74mio you stated ) . 
  additionally , people that have their application rejected will not just go back and they are n't being deported . 
  there might be a small percentage that goes back again but afaik i know deportations are n't being executed by the state so the government relies on that those people will just leave , which i doubt . 
   i 'm not trying to provoke you i enjoy this discourse . 
  i like being proven wrong as much as i like proving others wrong . 
  that 's how you learn after all . 
  i agree that the two countries are not on equal footing but afaik it is the most recent example . 
  basically every `` muslim country '' would be an example because at some point they were n't muslim . 
  but their conversion dates lie even further in the past which means they are even less similar to present day germany . 
  i also do n't think that it will absolutely necessarily happen but i am quite baffled that peoples argument is it `` just ca n't '' . 
  if it is that obvious that it ca n't , why are n't there better arguments ? 
  populations shift and if the majority is muslim at one point why ca n't islamic rules make it into actual law ? 
  so it happened somewhere else but it ca n't happen in germany . 
  for no other reason that it ca n't . 
  ok then . 
  while it is true that the numbers are lower this year ( due to the balkan route being closed ) it is far from over . 
  as soon as all the paperwork is done , family reunification will start . 
  according to german statistics a refugee is reunited with 3 to 5 relatives . 
  so we will se another 3.3 to 5.5 million people in the next years ( assuming that every last year refugee gets their application granted ) . 
  the eu does n't have the power to stop merkel and neither should the eu but the eu should have the power to decide that everybody needs to clean up what merkel did ? 
  that does n't seem fair . 
  i am not saying it will happen tomorrow , but i do n't see why it would n't be possible . 
  iran is now a muslim country . 
  why ca n't it happen to germany ? 
   fearmongering . 
  where exactly did i fearmonger ? 
  because i am not ruling out possibilities from the start ? 
  syria does n't share a border with an eu country afaik . 
  and i am not saying that greece should be thrown under the bus but that it will of course attract a lot of people if you open your doors . 
  of course she did . 
  not in those words , but what other signal would that open border policy send throughout the world ? 
  maybe it was n't what she wanted to achieve but the outcome is the same . 
  sources ? 
  all i can see so far is that merkels open-arms-course has boosted the whole immigration thing . 
  imagine the whole continent going `` we accept everybody '' . 
  well merkel welcoming everybody into germany has a direct effect on all other eu countries as a eu citizen can move everywhere freely . 
  if we indeed believe in a united europe then this matter should n't have been decided by her alone . 
  we can handle unlimited immigration ? 
  probably because an open-arms policy would have backfired on the whole continent . 
  as it has on germany . 
  i do n't agree that this is fearmongering . 
  if we were a truly secular society i would agree but atm we value religion and in turn other peoples religion too much . 
  with the churches complaining about loosing members each year and the muslim population growing i see this as a possible outcome . 
  but i would be happy to be proven wrong . 
  did you vote ? 
   everyone has the right ` to live a life fit for a human being ' . 
  correct , but no one has the right to demand that others pay for it . 
  [ the peaceful majority does n't matter ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynof7y-kuhe ), 
  the issue is not mass immigration of russians though . 
  and furthermore muslims hold islamic values ( shocker ) and the islamic books tell you nice tales about what you should do with gays/nonbelievers . 
  russians , on the other hand , have no such core believe on which you can judge them . 
  please explain the `` this stupid '' part . 
  if praying ( in the way it was done here ) was n't disruptive then there would n't be the need for legislation and we would n't have this debate . 
  the state should n't accommodate personal belief . 
  if you give a room to one religion you have to give a room to each religion to be fair . 
  that , at the very least , creates a management overhead that needs to be payed by the state and that goes against the separation of church and state . 
  it is therefore easier to just forbid religious practices on school grounds . 
  as religion is something private anyway i do n't see this as a problem or even oppressive . 
  i ca n't prove that they are delusions . 
  nobdoy can . 
  but , neither can they be proven . 
  so we have a claim that can neither be proven nor disproven but where the evidence strongly goes towards `` this is not true '' . 
  if you now , despite all the evidence that it most probably is not true , decide to believe in that claim anyway and change your life according to it and even want others to accommodate your believe then that is a delusion . 
  [ wiki  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/delusion )  a delusion is a belief that is held with strong conviction despite superior evidence to the contrary . 
  now you are just being annoying on purpose . 
  you know very well that i did n't mean that literally . 
  at least in the us and germany there is a separation between church and state . 
  meaning church related stuff has no place in public buildings/on public grounds ( at least it should n't ) . 
  there is also no right to practice your religion anywhere you want . 
  the right to freedom of religion has imo a too high place in our society . 
  we should n't forbid people their religion but we also should n't feed into their delusions . 
  the definition i was getting at but did n't type because i was on the phone was `` a tool to silence criticism of islam by putting it on par with homophobia '' - hence the phobia ending . 
  so by that definition my own question starting this exchange does n't make sense but by the way the public defines it `` being afraid of islam '' it makes sense again . 
  as it is a misnomer i have a hard time coming up with an actual explanation . 
  as it is only used to discredit criticism of islam i would say that that is my definition of it . 
  well i think that there is a connection between being against an ideology and being afraid of their followers . 
  believes alter behaviour and if the ideology sees you as inferior it is likely that it 's followers will treat you as inferior . 
  if that was n't the case it would n't be necessary to criticize any faith . 
  so i still do n't see in what way the word islamophobia would be beneficial to a conversation . 
  i do n't see the argument . 
  i will not not speak out against a hateful ideology just because the followers of said hateful ideology will be painted with the same brush . 
  after all , believe influences behaviour, 
  you are right . 
  but i get to speak out against it . 
  because religion should n't have a place in government areas anyway, 
  if there is now way to change your view then i guess any other reply is pointless . 
  and if you do n't believe / u/youareadirtyliar then check the reports from universities in germany last year . 
  the universities had such rooms , open for everybody , but muslims took them over and denied other people entry because it would interfere with their prayer . 
  the even divided the room into two parts because they did n't want to pray with women in the same room . 
  obligated by his religion ... 
  religions have been interpreted by almost everybody in every century to fit their need . 
  i think you can find the neccessary verses to pray after school . 
  how is not being allowed to pray an issue ? 
  opening the door for religions , and be it just a millimeter is wrong and only lead to people wanting more privilege . 
  you want to pray , do it at home/house of worship . 
  both a good thing . 
  ah yes , let 's just build a room for every denomination at every school . 
  what a nice idea . 
  not giving people special treatment because of their delusions is outrageous now ? 
  then those people should go to these rooms ( that are off campus because no way my tax money pays for that ) and pray there .
