  what did i say that was scaremongering ? 
  the fact that i need to learn population numbers about a certain type of immigrants but not about other types of immigrants speaks volumes . 
  oh oh , i think / u/xf - is right ... 
  it 's not a paywall , it just asks you to deactivate your adblocker . 
  sorry about that : /, 
  paywall, 
  thank you . 
  if atheists caused this much distress over their belief ( ! ), 
  or the lack thereof you would see the same coverage . 
  source ? 
  does n't that show the trouble they cause more than it shows that europeans ca n't guess ? 
  i know the no true scotsman but i am not sure what it has to do with my comment . 
  if anything is the titanic you should always bet on the iceberg ... 
  if you ca n't be bothered to check for facts then you should n't comment . 
  where did i say who is dutch and who is n't ? 
  and putting my comment off based on my nationality is racism . 
  good job . 
  `` moderate '' means `` behaving in a way i deem acceptable '' which is exactly the logic everyone applies to the way they think a german ( or any person , for that matter ) should behave . 
   but if you do n't think religioius freedom is worth protecting then you probably do n't care for this . 
  correct , i do n't care for religion at all . 
  it is unncessarily divisive and obsolete . 
  which adds to the reasons i named why i do n't like freedom of religion . 
  not that germany is good at separating church and state anyway . 
  i think it is fair to guess that a women wearing an islamic headcovering is a muslim and unless there is a census saying that most arabs/turks are n't muslims it 's also a safe bet to say that that person is a muslim . 
   and i believe religious freedom is part of germany . 
  personally i think that right is already covered by the right to assemble and the right to free speech . 
  freedom of religion is used exlcusively to subvert secular legislature and i am thus not a fan . 
   would you also say that you ca n't be jewish if you want to be german because judaism certainly is not connected to being german either . 
  good question , since europe is secular with a note of catholicism i would say they can since the bible contains their holy book . 
  but please note that it is not me who is deciding what is german and what is not . 
  i can only explain why i * think * something is perceived in a certain way . 
  i think therein lies the problem exactly . 
  if you show that you are a muslim you are not perceived as german as islam is not something that is connected to `` being german '' . 
  i am not saying it 's good or bad , i am merely making a statement . 
  what are your criterias for full integration ? 
  just for the record , i do n't disagree with that at all . 
  i moved to denmark but it did n't happen here . 
   the more you diverge from the majority phenotype the less accepting they will be one hundred percent agreed . 
  the more `` different '' you look the more effor you need to put in , that sucks but people are wired to trust people that look like them , as you said . 
  i also do n't deny that racists exist , every culture has their assholes , but in my personal experience , for what it 's worth ( nothing , it 's just anecdotal ) the vast majority of people do n't mind what you look like if you integrate . 
   iranians are caucasian btw thats why they have it easier . 
  i would say that they have it easier because most of the ones that fled to germany are n't muslims . 
  which is , i guess , why you have a hard time with some people . 
  you * look * muslim to most germans even though it 's not something you even can look like . 
  it 's prejudiced and not fair and i am genuinely sorry for it . 
  i can only speak from experience of course , if there are sources that prove me wrong i would be happy to read them . 
   `` traveling the world as a german '' is vastely different from facing this kind of stuff daily and being disadvantaged in career prospects for example . 
  facing violence is ok but your feelings hurt are n't , got it . 
   now imagine that daily . 
  i am a german living outside of germany , is that daily enough for you ? 
   the phenotype of a russian is still white . 
  as a russian you can easily pass as german . 
  sounds like rassenlehre . 
  it 's not what you look like , it 's how you behave and how much effort you put into integrating yourself . 
   as long as you immigrated from another european country you will be easily accepted . 
  having to answer for two world wars i had nothing to do with is n't what i call easily . 
   but if you look far east asian , indian , arab , black does racism exist ? 
  sure . 
  is that something that is endorsed or even defended in germany ? 
  certainly not . 
  if you want to integrate people are open and welcoming and it has nothing to do with how you look . 
  iranians look arab and nobody minds them . 
  it 's what you make of it . 
   the afd or wilders do the opposite . 
  this shit has never been fruitful . 
  i agree , these people are not the answer but they are listening to the question ( or at least appear to be ) and that is why their numbers are rising . 
  thanks , i did n't know that . 
  that is even more confusing than it needs to be ... 
   as i said only somebody who has never been discriminated against has such an easy naive worldview . 
  that is an incredibly naive statement . 
  if you travel the world as a german you get a lot of discrimination and `` funny '' remarks about you being a nazi and probably there to conquer the world again . 
  on a constant basis . 
   people still ask me `` where are you really from ? '', 
  afaik people ask once where you are from and maybe where your parents are from , because they are curious . 
  that might be ill-perceived ( and i get that it sucks ) but it is n't a sign of discrimination . 
  again , i get that it sucks and i am sorry about it . 
   if europe was like the usa where everybody is accepted as american you mean the country where people identify as african-american , irish-american , latino-american ? 
   but you guys try to put even more oil into the fire . 
  no , to the contrary , we want problems adressed , that 's all . 
  as an immigrant myself i am all for immigration but there need to be rules to be followed and especially enforced . 
  if you back off because you are afraid of being called a racist then you are n't benefitting anyone . 
   if i was russian nobody would have a problem calling me german nah , you would still be the russian . 
  labels stick . 
  i am wearing my label as an immigrant and i do n't mind unless the tone is is used to put me down of course . 
  thank you for writing that up so clearly . 
   by definition they are dutch . 
  legally it might work that way . 
  in reality it does n't . 
   the guy is a professional victim . 
  it 's 2016 . 
   you are ok with a guy saying stuff like that there are too many morroccans did n't he * just * ask his followers whether they wanted more or less morrocans ? 
  i think there is a difference . 
  i have only read that one quote from that other article so i might be wrong . 
  it 's a slippery slope to police free speech . 
   what would happen if a german leader asked a crowd of his supporters whether they want more or less jews in this country moroccans is a race , judaism is a religion , so it 's not really comparable . 
  unless you maybe meant people from israel ? 
   imagine you were a perfectly integrated dutch moroccan . 
  if you were perfectly integrated you would n't be perceived as morrocan . 
   but to claim that french society - and hence the french electorate - does n't have a problem with oftentimes blatant racism is naive at best and itself racist at worst . 
  who claimed that in this thread ?
