  and that 's ridiculous . 
  mmmmmulti-dick-move . 
   yes , catholics still worship the medieval philosophers who called for genocide of heretics . 
  do you really want to go down that rabbit hole and compare the laws of muslim vs `` christian '' countries with regards to things like this ? 
   likely to cause racial hatred ridiculous . 
  as if religion was the same as race ... 
   do you want to kill the global economy ? 
  rather that than the planet , yes . 
   you can make a correlation between open borders = terrorism ; but that does n't mean liberal politicians are tolerating terrorism or they are pro-open borders because of multiculturalism . 
  if you leave the borders open and see increased terrorism and do nothing about it you are very much tolerating terrorism . 
  you can of course say that the police works day and night against it , and they do , but you will still see people die because of the open border policy . 
   may is n't pro-multiculturalism , she is the opposite as she is very anti-immigration . 
  i do n't see how that plays a role here . 
  the way i understand the cover is that enough people have died and that she wants to put a stop to it . 
   no politician in the world is going to tolerate or invite terrorism because they want more multiculturalism . 
  i strongly disagree , the open border policy of the last couple of years and the increased terror attacks show that . 
   in the cover it 's implied that she is damaged by these attacks , when it 's the opposite as she is a noeocon and terrorist attacks create support for interventionism . 
  also , the support for right-wingers grows in almost every country after a terrorist attack . 
  i think she is representing all of gb on the cover but i ca n't speak for the artist . 
  maybe i am just wrong . 
  well , they are right . 
   no shit . 
  you hung your dingdong into her muhmuh ai n't it true ? 
  what ? 
   next time use a condom . 
  see , the guy holds literally all the cards , not the woman . 
  with one method of preventing pregnancy that men can use and tens that women can use that statement is just nonsense . 
  to top that off , condoms are n't 100 % safe . 
  was n't the problem more that you could n't do anything with the info because he had n't gotten violent ? 
  if a woman is pregnant she holds all the cards , literally all the cards . 
  the man has no say and can be forced to care for a child he does n't want . 
  no , not at all , i would n't want to live under either system but i would prefer christianity over islam if i was forced to choose , i give you that . 
  we are in the current situation because we acknowledge that there are no fundamental differences between us when we are talking genetics ( which is good ) which lead to people saying that `` we all are born equal '' which a lot of people mistakenly think means `` all ideas are equal '' . 
  they are clearly not . 
   muslims do n't have greater obligations to stand up to in-group criminality than anyone else does everybody needs to answer for what he believes and needs to answer for the viewpoints he holds . 
  there is power in numbers and the islamic ideology just is n't compatible with our culture . 
  it took as hundreds of years to push christians to were they are now and we want to undo all that work towards secularism ? 
  islam very much is the problem here . 
  immigrants from all other nations do n't have that hard of a time integrating and since their ideology is the only common denominator it must be that . 
   i am , disappointed in the mayor of london , who is muslim and is in a unique position to mobilize muslims in europe , against this extremist wave . 
  yet , he is not doing anything of the sort . 
  for this problem to be fixed , it is european muslims who must single out those among them who would do this again , and again . 
  he already said that it has nothing to do with islam / s. 
  we have no problem with forcing men to care for children they do n't want though . 
  poland , the only country with it 's head still in the game . 
  i never said it was illegal , that 's totally besides the point . 
  the point is that immagunts ( and so on ) is true in some cases , not all of course , but some . 
  if we are talking about minimum wage jobs you have a point , but most jobs are n't minimum wage jobs , are they ? 
  you surely have a point but i doubt that even if it was totally a-ok for guys that `` gay '' would be the highest rated porn category among men . 
  go on ... 
  even women prefer looking at women . 
  wow , you really showed him !, 
  wow , that censorship ... 
  it 's incredibly nice to not have to shower when you get home from the bar and i noticed that my hangover became way less bad than it was when people still smoked everywhere . 
  yeah , pro drinking in public but against smoking in public . 
  i am suprised by you saying that you think `` every other person smokes '' though , i am under the impression that it has gotten much better . 
  wonder what you had thought 15 years ago :d, 
   maybe it will collapse partially , but that 's the fucking point to see how the nature will deal with it . 
  do n't we have a lot of data due to other places that had woodworms ? 
  terrorism is a part of europe now . 
  we know why but we dont ' dare saying it . 
   do n't they do basic tests on asylum seekers ? 
  it does matter if they can price dump current workers . 
   that you are a hypocrite for chastising me for my support of sch\u00e4chten whereas you yourself seem to have no trouble supporting industrial meat production . 
  you call that an argument ? 
  i think animals should be killed with the least amount of suffering , how is that hypocritical ? 
   you are butthurt about an arguably small degree of suffering , why not assume that you would be just as butthurt about another , even smaller one ? 
  if it 's such a small degree of suffering , why is n't it the go to method when it comes to capital punishment ? 
  you are talking nonsense here . 
   nah but other people have and told us about it . 
  where do people that had their throats cut talk about it exactly ? 
   death by firing squad without anesthesia does not hurt considerably hurt more than death by firing squad without it . 
  which , i hope , is something that you will admit for once . 
  we agree here but you must be trolling me if you think this is a valid comparison . 
  i think you need to understand that you can have your sadistic views but that i do n't need to share them or even deem them ok . 
   okay , so again , you get called out and rather than manning up and admitting being wrong you you did n't call me out and i was n't wrong . 
  you can keep the ball . 
   i merely claimed that it did not hurt considerably more than other forms of slaughter . 
  which is like saying that operations without anesthesia do n't considerably hurt more than operations without . 
   i said that , sure , there will be suffering if its throat is cut but that the shock and blood loss will overshadow that . 
  and you are an expert on that because you have experienced it i guess ? 
   yet you seem to insist that any preventable pain is bad . 
  that is exactly what i am insisting on . 
  good on you for catching on . 
   i bet you would even get outraged if any animal merely got pinched during the slaughtering process . 
  straw man . 
  and the worst one this week ( so far ) . 
   oh and i noticed that you yet again did not respond to my argument . 
  what argument ??? 
   not only a bigot but also a hypocrite then , lovely . 
  name calling makes you seem petty , go ahead , keep digging your grave . 
   where did i deny that ? 
  trying to collect all the times you did made me go through some of your posts and i made the realization that you either are a troll or not equipped for an actual conversation . 
  giving you the benefit of the doubt i congratulate you on trolling me for so long . 
   what `` simple fact '' would that be ? 
  that getting cut hurts . 
   nah , you 're just an intolerant jerk who gets a boner from inconveniencing jews and muslims alike because some ** dumb-ass animals ** might feel ten seconds of pain before dying anyway . 
  that 's as simple as it gets . 
  i love the irony here . 
  calling me a jerk while willingly letting an animal suffer so that somebody can please a sky fairy .
