  the difference you try to create is artificial . 
  what is the difference between a religion and a set of ideas ? 
  while other countries numbers go down , germanys numbers went up starting august , which is when [ she said she would grant fast track asylum ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/refugee-policy-of-chancellor-merkel-divides-europe-a-1053603.html ) . 
  i think this graph actually proofs my point . 
  if i am not misunderstanding it , of course . 
  yes , but there is a difference in doing it behind closed doors and announcing it . 
  but somebody just claimed that the numbers actually did n't go up . 
  i am waiting for proof and if it is the case i 'll retract my statement . 
  agreed . 
  but i learned that it is easier to agree on some things first before making the big steps . 
  leaves less way out for the other party . 
  i am guessing that is the answer you wanted to hear ? 
  interesting , where can i read up on that ? 
  do n't know , did n't check the statistics . 
  here you are : [ source ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2015/08/26/germanys-small-yet-important-change-to-the-way-it-deals-with-syrian-refugees/ ) . 
  [ here is the source ] ( https://web.archive.org/web/20150429155650/http://www.pewresearch.org/files/old-assets/pdf/muslim-americans.pdf#page=60 ) . 
   and most suicide bombers in the middle east for example are desperate . 
  i would like to see a source for that . 
  while i agree that poverty might play a role i think the biggest reason is that the quran promises martyrs a place in heaven . 
  other people live in poverty too but suicide attacks are almost exclusive to muslims . 
   so saying you understand that someone could make that decision is not the same as saying it was the correct decision . 
  agreed . 
  but are you willing to wait until a person goes boom , killing somebody you love ? 
  morally speaking you are absolutely right . 
  realistically speaking i think you are wrong . 
  you do n't get to decrease your neighbours safety just because you want to show how open you are . 
  and i mean you in the general sense , not you as a person , i am not attacking you personally . 
   having radical viewpoints and acting on them are also two very different things . 
  is it ? 
  let 's say the migrants comming are n't muslims but christians from the middle ages . 
  believing that homosexuals should be punished , women should stay at home and be obedient and that everybody who is n't a christian should be killed . 
  would you still say that their immigration would be no problem and that we need to help ? 
  would you say that their viewpoints are radical but that it wo n't be a problem as they are not acting on it ? 
  a persons believe does influence said persons actions . 
  while i do n't agree with that , sending them back was n't part of my comment . 
  sending out a `` we fast track everybody from syria '' gives out a distinct incentive for people to come to germany . 
  i was speaking generally . 
  it could be any violent ideology . 
  i do n't agree on the peaceful thing at all . 
  22 % of muslims in germany ( younger than 30 ) think suicide bombing can be justified . 
  that is technically still most of them but it is also a big chunk that thinks that blowing yourself up is ok . 
  there are also statistics showing that a lot of muslims have radical viewpoints based on their religion . 
   but we still need to help the deserving majority . 
  the issue with this is that you have no way of determining whether they are deserving or the majority . 
  you want to take it on faith . 
  that is fine but i would not be willing to give up my safety on that gamble . 
   and do n't forget that some of the recent terror attacks were committed by european citizens . 
  they have no need to hide among refugees . 
  they can come and go as they wish . 
  that is true , but the risk goes only up , not down , with each migrant . 
   no one made anyone come . 
  so she did n't say she will fast track refugee applications for syrians knowing full well there was no way of checking whether somebody was from syria at all ? 
   the populist view that refugees = terrorist attacks is still wrong . 
  any source on this ? 
  because the last months make it seem like it is wrong . 
  i do agree that poverty plays a role here . 
  but it 's almost exclusively muslim immigrants suicide bombing infidels . 
  which is understandable as their holy book commands it . 
  btw , [ 42 % ] ( https://web.archive.org/web/20150429155650/http://www.pewresearch.org/files/old-assets/pdf/muslim-americans.pdf#page=60 ) of muslims younger than 30 in france think that suicide bombing can be justified . 
  i think it is clearly a sign of the evils of religion , specifically islam in this case . 
  i really wish to believe that but quickly radicalized terrorists ( aka former `` next door kebab owner '' ) speak against it . 
  do you have any sources to back that claim ? 
  the ideology is the enemy . 
  it does n't matter for how many generations you have been living there . 
  if you support a violent ideology you are part of the problem . 
  thank you . 
  i get that it can be quite annoying when suddenly everybody claims to be an expert . 
  i am not , i only `` know '' the basics . 
   secure , as an absolute , would mean secure against all attackers , but i think in the context of the article , it means at that fbi/scotland yard level . 
  agreed . 
  the gov will likely insist on backdoors to encrypted connections . 
  somebody with truely evil intentions will likely switch to something without a backdoor ( whatever that may be ) meaning that the government will only be able to spy on regular people . 
  so instead of getting more intelligence they get the same ( assuming my dick pics are of no interest to them ) amount but the people get less security/privacy . 
  as i said : no , i will not go down that road . 
   i am talking to you , the guy who said there was secure encryption where did i say that ? 
  i used the lingo of the article . 
  either there is something that is at least considered as `` secure '' ( by the gov , not by me , meaning they ca n't break it already anyway ) or there is n't the need for this law . 
  i am seriously not engaging in this type of exchange with you . 
  it does n't play a role here as i said . 
  the article does n't name a specific implementation either . 
   you realise e2e just means end to end right ? 
  that is n't an algorithm . 
  which end to end algorithm is what i am asking . 
  i do , i was hoping getting around a flame war of `` no , this is better because bla bla '' because it does n't matter which secure implementation will be forbidden . 
   so you seem to know something i do n't . 
  please , share your bountiful knowledge . 
  why the tone ? 
  what did i do ? 
  is n't the topic exactly that the uk wants to ban reliable encryption ? 
  meaning that the general public will not be able to use secure encryption . 
  if i am wrong about this , please let me know . 
   end to end encryption is not just a little bit of software that sits there and does ` ultra secure stuff ' it actually is . 
  you encrypt your message with the other persons private key and then send the message to that person . 
  you can use email for that or if you have a lot of time you print it and send a letter to the person it should get to . 
  no infrastructure needed . 
   so it is companies that can only provide this infrastructure . 
  if you are talking about whatsapp-like services then yes . 
  but why would the government target law abiding citizens ? 
  the interest here is terrorists and others of that sort . 
  they will always be able to use secure encryption while the general citizen will be prohibited from enjoying secure communication .
