  like being compared to hitler all the time , being asked whether i still feel guilty for ww2 , why i do n't feel guilty about ww2 , why i probably should feel guilty for ww2 and why germans enjoy scat porn that much ( something i never heard of before moving to sweden ) . 
  also , almost getting beaten up for being german a couple of times did n't leave me with the best impression . 
  but overall , i really enjoyed my time in sweden and the contact with the swedes ! . 
  norwegians are less aggressive but way more persistent with ww2 questions . 
  that 's just how i perceive it though , it might be totally wrong !, 
   i think if kids are brought up in public schools in a secular environment they will choose to integrate as adults if they are not bullied or harassed . 
  but they are not being brought up in a secular environment . 
  they are at schools for 6h a day and the rest of the time at home , which is certainly not a secular place . 
  ah yes , i remember that edition of asterix & obelix , 
  the australian approach . 
  this will come , one way or the other as it is the only workable solution . 
  moved to denmark a while ago . 
  danes are definitely less casual in their `` racism '' against germans than the rest of scandinavia . 
  and that is n't racist because muslims are n't a race ... geez ... 
  what has this to do with racism ? 
  are you assuming that everybody he spoke of has the same race ? 
  what has being against islam to do with being racist ? 
  `` muslim '' is n't a race ... 
  thank you . 
  could n't there be a trick here ? 
  they could have gotten german citizenship and thus would n't have counted as refugees . 
  or am i mistaken ? 
  sources for this ? 
  not doubting you , just curious !, 
  name other parties , i am open for suggestions !, 
  exactly , if what you say about the afd is true then we will be making a step back anyway , whether they are voted in or not . 
  that is what i was saying in my last comment . 
  i 'll just link the first swedish party i could find . 
  they have branches in denmark : [ hizb ut-tahrir ] ( http://hizb-ut-tahrir.se/index.php/om-oss ) the page is in swedish , i will try to translate the first about us part as good as i can : * hizb ut-tahrir is a political party that has islam as its ideology , because of that politics is the parties work and islam its ideology . 
  the party works through and together with ummah ( the islamic community ) . 
  so that ummah adopts islam as its goal and leads it to establish khilafah ( the islamic state ) and thus to steer what allah has revealed . 
  hizb ut-tahrir is a political group and not a religious group . 
  it is neither an academic - or educational group nor a charity . 
  the islamic thoughts are the soul to it 's body , it 's reason and the secrets in its life . 
   just because you are afraid of nonexistent religious pressure from people that ca n't even vote ? 
  the pressure does exist and they will be allowed to vote in about six years . 
  and being pro rich is basically what right winged means , it does n't mean hating immigrants or people that are different . 
   wants to cut benefits for single mothers i have no clue about the benefits situation . 
  why do they want to cut them ? 
  how high are the benefits for single fathers ? 
  are they lower ? 
  then i would prefer they put more into the pot for single fathers . 
  are there other plans to compensate single parents ? 
  i am not going to jump the anti-afd hype train just because of a few buzzwords . 
   privatize unemployment insurance that 's of course fucking bad , but if you wan na play that game : the cdu supports ttip , do you ? 
  islam as well , so you mean it does n't matter what we vote for anyway ? 
   so in six years we might have 2 million voters for such a party ... if all immigrants would vote for such a party and all obtain citizenship . 
  please ... ever heard of family reunification ? 
  more migrants arrived this july than last year . 
   you want to vote for a party without even having read their fucking program ? 
  you do realize that it is more than one year until the election ? 
  all i said was that i am considering it . 
   refugees and most immigrants ca n't vote !, 
  there is n't some `` sharia law now '' party !, 
  not yet . 
  but sweden and denmark already have such parties . 
  so it is possible in principle and i do n't see why it ca n't happen in germany . 
  refugees ca n't vote but immigrants can . 
  and refugees can obtain citizenship [ after six years ] ( http://www.einbuergerungstest.biz/sonderregelungen/sonderregelung-fluechtlinge ) , which means they are able to vote after 6 years . 
   anti-secularism , anti-womans and gay rights , anti-science . 
  well we already have a very christian government and some very religious laws , so anti-secularism is n't really something that 's new to the afd . 
  and i heard about this anti-women stuff and of course anti gay rights ( christian party after all ) but i have n't heard anything they actually want to put into law . 
  as soon as i do i will make up my mind . 
  anti-science is completely new to me . 
  might be , but i have n't heard anything about it . 
   reactionary minority minority in regard to the overal population ? 
  if yes , it is actually quite likely that they will become the majority , given enough time and more immigration which will surely come as egypt for example has a very bad economy after the economic spring but managed to increase its population by 30 % within the last 15 ( i think ) years . 
  and more importantly , to shift the political landscape you do n't need to be the majority . 
   so there are shifting political ideas with no political influence . 
  sorry , i do n't understand what you mean . 
   quite similar in political ideas to the ones you supposedly fear which ideas do they share ? 
   do you now see why i consider that incredibly stupid ? 
  sorry , no , i do n't see that at all . 
  all i see is that you do n't like that i consider voting for the afd . 
  i would love to have a civil discussion about it though . 
  could you rephrase that ? 
  more of the ideology itself , not necessarily the people . 
  shifting population means shifting political ideas . 
  merkel would rather pay someone do to her dirty work to look good than to do it herself . 
  there is no ideal option , unfortunately . 
  i am less afraid of them than i am of the shift due to religious pressure . 
  i never thought i would consider voting for a right wing party ... 
  the case of the sperm donor is crystal clear , the father should n't be able to back out of this deal , he made a commitment . 
  i am not too sure about the second case ... 
  in case of a known sterility , yes , if he accepts the fatherhood then he should care for the kid . 
  but if he only knew his wife was cheating the case is n't so clear , imho . 
  she could have told him that they used protection for example . 
  or maybe he did n't really know but he just suspected stuff but did n't have enough to go on . 
  i think that 's a grey area and the court should look into every single case . 
  i read this all wrong . 
  you are 100 % right and i apologize for the trouble i caused !, 
  you are right , you can make a test . 
  but if the mother does n't give up the name of the actual father you will still be forced to pay for a kid that is n't yours but is even the kid of a man your wife was unfaithful with . 
  that should be changed immediately . 
  yeah , but do n't tell me that that is not fucked up . 
  change the law , seriously . 
  if i have doubts i should be able to make a dna test and if i am not the father i should n't be forced to pay . 
  while you are [ technically correct ] ( http://i3.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/909/991/48c.jpg ) this is n't something that should play any role in the asylum process ( and it does n't ) . 
  i am saying technically correct because it helps the point that these people possibly are n't economic migrants , but it is much more likely that they are ( afaik , benefits in better in the uk , correct me if i am wrong ) . 
   did i say i have one ?
