  no , but people who voice their opinion about a situation should n't just be negative about a proposed solution but have a better one . 
  not tackling a problem is n't an option . 
  as i said , it is possible , at least in principle . 
  what is your solution to this problem , if i may ask ? 
   and , even if they 're safe , there could be many reasons other than economic ones , such as family reasons . 
  asylum is n't a `` i choose what i want thing '' though . 
  screening is a part of every asylum process . 
  so it is possible in principle . 
  why are you so upset about / u/zakski s answer ? 
   take those ultra-conservative christians you sometimes find . 
  they openly despise the normal society because of sinfullness etc and that 's all fine . 
  they 're even free to indoctrinate their children with that toxic ideology . 
  at least here in germany they are however not free to deny their children a proper education . 
  that 's a pretty racist statement . 
  i am sure not every ultra-conservative christian behaves that way , this is just your own xenophobic bias speaking ( see how easy this weak * definition * of racism can be turned against you ) . 
  and i am also sure that some of those children learn that ideology out of their own free will . 
  to conclude this : you have shown no objective basis on which you call people racist . 
  but you decided to ignore all sources and definitions ( even your own ) that race needs to be included to be able to call someone a racist . 
  as you are not objective and ignore evidence and even call the dictionary silly i think that you are either a troll or not ready to have a real conversation yet . 
  please answer my other question also . 
  please point me to the message where i said that . 
  but anyway : so you define that a racist is someone who is against an ideology that you like/deem good ? 
   being a nazi is a specifc behavior . 
  and being a muslim is n't ? 
  so if i am against nazis i am also a racist ? 
  and this is somehow racist even though it goes against the definition of racism ? 
   facts :     a ) terrorists kill people b ) some women wear burkinis c ) most women do n't     you define b ) as being intrinsically linked to a ) thus bad , while c ) is clearly not linked to any of it and `` good '' . 
  and this is how you justify calling me a racist ? 
  how ? 
  make it legal . 
   i said the reaction is racist and xenophobic yeah , you said that . 
  but you still have n't shown why somebody who is against the burkini is a racist . 
  please make the connection based on actual definitions , not on what you think is a thing . 
   it 's a thing . 
  love it . 
  so , in short , you need ethnicity and race to be the same in order to be able to call me a racist . 
  because ethnicity can by definition ( funny how you suddenly accept a definition just like that , is n't it ? ), 
  be a group of people with the same religion . 
  but your own copy paste says :  while race and ethnicity are considered to be separate in contemporary social science ... 
  so yeah , it is n't the same , not even if people say it is the same . 
  people also use the double negative , is that also something you encourage ? 
  i mean * it 's a thing * . 
  your silence is telling . 
  more than your insults . 
   meaningless dictionary definitions you are the gift that keeps on giving . 
  i will not debate with someone who thinks he is above the dictionary and feels the need to tweak the meaning of words so that he might use them out of place just because they are powerful and are more likely to shut the oposition up . 
  if you change to a more honest approach let me know and we continue this discussion . 
   stupid dictionary definitions yeah , i think this conversation ends here . 
  i have , just read my comment again , i said why it was neither xenophobia nor racism . 
  i take that as a no . 
  but somehow you have an opinion on that topic anyway without knowing anything about the topic . 
  quite narcicistic . 
  yes , there is . 
  and ad hominems ? 
  are your arguments really that thin ? 
  i read the quran and some ahadith , can you say the same ? 
  let me know when your definition makes it into a dictionary . 
   you know not everyone judges people based on what they wear . 
  exactly , people should be judged based on what they believe . 
  and what does a person wearing a burkini probably believe in ? 
   in general xenophobia and racism . 
  that escalated quickly . 
  it also makes no sense . 
  being against an ideology is n't xenophobia ( if the ideology is sexist and violent ) and ideologies are n't races . 
  from your first comment :  better marginalize more !, 
  to which i replied what you quoted last . 
  so what did you mean ? 
  what group is doing the marginalizing ? 
  you used * us * . 
   funny how they 're innocent and did nothing wrong and yet , they 're not a part of us . 
  funny how they dress to show that they are not a part of * us * . 
  ah yes , i forgot for a brief moment that the terror attacks are our fault . 
  please do n't play stupid , it does n't help the conversation . 
  i agree , it would be so nice if everybody just got along and we could use our time to comment on cat videos here on reddit instead of commenting bans ( sounds ironical but i mean it ) . 
  it seriously would be nice if we would n't put ourselves into groups . 
  i know it is hard not to because we are wired that way and nature gave us different looks that make it easy to group people . 
  we ca n't get rid of that but we can make a firm stance against religion because it divides us even further . 
  i try to not engage in these discussions but i fail often times miserably because this is n't something that will go away with time . 
  if people are taught from their earliest days that there is a man in the sky and this is how they have to behave or he will punish them for all eternity then people will behave in a way that pleases that man in the sky . 
  here that is forcing women wo wear a burqa which goes against one of our core values , that women should be free to make their own decisions . 
  for me , the decision is simple : make it known that sexism does n't fly because i do n't want my daughter to be peer pressured into running around like this one day . 
  * cries in bmw, 
   choosing to dress a certain way does n't mean you want to force others to do the same . 
  smoking does n't mean you force others to smoke , yet we are aware that peer pressure is a problem . 
  because that would be racist / s, 
  now you have gone too far ... 
  i 'd really welcome this ban . 
   now however , if the same woman says she wants to wear it because she feels like it you are forcing her to take off . 
  that is a bit hypocritical is n't it ? 
  i am willing to bet that there are a lot of women who will say that they want to wear it . 
  i am not disputing that . 
  the question is whether this is only because of religious indoctrination and/or outside force ( husband/culture ) . 
  as i said , women do n't wear it if it is n't forced onto them ( by violence or by childhood indoctrination ) as is evident by non-muslim women not wearing it ( even though they are modest ) . 
  this is a clear case of better for the majority which might be an ugly concept but in the real world we do n't have the resources to check the motivation of every single woman on the planet . 
   say a european white woman wants to dress like bat girl and go the the beach fine by me , it is not a statement of how others should dress and not a statement saying that she is more modest than non-bat-women . 
  it is also not a statement of her personal believes of any kind . 
  there is also no culture on the planet that forces women to dress up as batman so it is easier to reason that she really wants this herself . 
  if now this starts to become a political statement like `` i believe people should take the law into their own hands '' and others follow her and dress up as bats and suddenly vigilante victim numbers go through the roof i would be for banning the bat-suit . 
  thank you for your well thought out answer . 
  we actually agree on this , i think we are just on different sites of the issue .
