  wrong again . 
  my source begs to differ . 
  do n't know who to trust . 
  first of all , it 's a law that only protects women and leaves boys shit to be cut open by all sorts of crazies , just because they are boys . 
  that is sexist . 
  second , there are different sorts of fgm , there is n't only cutting out the clitoris , so if the law was n't sexist it would allow at least some of these forms . 
  third , it is done for the exact same reason , it was even advertised in the us as a cure to masturbation fourth , even if 1-3 were untrue , what kind of argument is that ? 
  should we allow cutting off fingers since cutting of an arm is worse ? 
   yeah but my argument is that the suffering involved is small enough ( compared to anesthetized slaughter ) that it is still tenable . 
  no surgery with a deep incision is performed without anesthesia . 
  that means it 's much more painful to do it without than with . 
  personally i think that animals should suffer as little as possible and un-aanaesthesized should therefore be banned . 
  just imagine lying there with the pain of an open incision and the blood slowly running out of you . 
   surely we can agree that at least that variant is loony ? 
  i would n't go as far as loony but surely way over the top , if you ask me . 
  the crux is suffering . 
  getting your throat sliced hurts more when not under anesthesia then when you are . 
  that 's why i am against slaughtering without anesthesia ( or some non-medical equivalent ) . 
   care to elaborate on that ? 
  i do n't see it . 
  milk , for example , is only produced by pregnant animals or animals that have recently been pregnant . 
  that 's constant wear and tear on the body for the benefit of somebody else and since i would n't want that done on myself i can understand why some people opt-out of that . 
   thanks . 
  that 's very gracious of you . 
  i have my moments . 
   i do n't know why you seem to think that cutting an animal 's throat leads to a slow death . 
  i really do n't think i said that , can you tell me where i said that ? 
   would you argue that veganism as in `` avoid any and all animal products '' is not bordering on insanity ? 
  i actually would not say that . 
  i can see the appeal in not relying on other animals for my own survivial . 
   i mean i get vegetarianism but veganism is more about irrational , emotion-based ideology than reasonable , prudent policy , the way i see it . 
  and you are entitled to your opinion . 
  thank you . 
  populists has been used so much lately i do n't even know the real meaning anymore . 
  what you described sounds like a normal party program . 
  what makes it populist ? 
  that 's an odd mix of political stances . 
   the progress party in norway voted on saturday in favor of a law banning ** ritual circumcision ** of children under the age of 16 , a day after the environment committee of belgium 's parliament of wallonia voted in favor of banning ritual slaughter , posing a threat to both shechita ( kosher slaughter ) and brit mila ( circumcision ) in europe . 
  if you had read the very first sentence of the article ... 
  sorry to be * that guy * but there is also phimosis . 
  afaik the torah says it has to be done in the first 6 days after the boys birth . 
  also ( and i think that 's the actual reason ) : people probably wo n't give consent to mutilate their dick when they are 18 . 
  male genital mutilation should finally be outlawed everywhere . 
  i am ashamed that germany had the chance a few years ago but decided instead to put sexist laws in place to allow it . 
   she will never have it so good as she did this year . 
  i doubt that . 
  the number of terrorist attacks will only go up , not down if immigration stays the same . 
  where are the right wingers violent protests ? 
  did they already start ? 
  because the error you are making is assuming that the 7.5 % are evenly spread age-wise . 
  most non-muslims are older while the people that arrive here are younger . 
  btw , where did you get the 7.5 % from ? 
  the numbers i can see range from 20 to 30 % . 
   france is facing the problem that dare not speak its name . 
  though french law prohibits the census from any reference to ethnic background or religion , many demographers estimate that as much as 20-30 per cent of the population under 25 is now muslim . 
  the streets , the traditional haunt of younger people , now belong to muslim youths . 
  in france , the phrase `` les jeunes '' is a politically correct way of referring to young muslims . 
   given current birth rates , it is not impossible that in 25 years france will have a muslim majority . 
  the consequences are dynamic : is it possible that secular france might become an islamic state ? 
  [ source ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/comment/personal-view/3601901/is-france-on-the-way-to-becoming-an-islamic-state.html ), 
  i agree with all of that , but does n't the separation of church and state clearly say that that 's a no-no ? 
  the issue being that the state ca n't meddle in religious affairs . 
  there wo n't be any regulation . 
  i think this meddeling is not ok , from either side . 
  but yeah , he is a private person and entitled to his own opinion . 
   but we do need to facilitate the creation of a european islam strongly disagree . 
  islam should n't get a foot in the door ( which it already has , sadly ) . 
  we will see how long it will take for europe to become majority muslim , i think france is expected to be majority muslim by 2050 . 
  is it normal that us stars meddle in european elections ? 
  so everything `` club '' is an ngo ? 
  did n't know the definition of ngo was that loose but it makes sense actually . 
  no for the bees but the top models thing makes me think , maybe you are right . 
  and i would agree with that , but that does n't make my objection any less true . 
  is the majority against her ? 
  probably . 
  is everybody against her ? 
  probably not . 
  that 's all i am saying . 
  there is no `` the resistance '' , there are people who have fought in the resistance and unless you can prove that not a single one is for le pen the headline is just wrong . 
   ngos are extremely important for democracy how ? 
  not saying you are wrong , i would just like an explanation . 
  and so it begins again . 
  several french resistance fighters are n't all of them as the title implies . 
  there might be more resistance fighters who support her . 
  that would n't change the fact that the hitler comparison is overused . 
  see , you might be right , but the comparison does n't work anymore , that 's what i am saying . 
   and institute a national preference for french such a thing in france . 
  the horror ... 
  and that 's where the issue of comparing everybody to hitler comes in : i do n't know much about her politics but you comparing her to hitler just made me roll with my eyes but would n't make me less likely to vote for her ( if i was allowed to vote ) . 
  the hitler comparison is so overused that it just does n't have an effect anymore . 
  i also do n't want the `` accept everybody in '' mindset . 
  it 's a smart move on his part . 
   it is n't though . 
  you have still failed to demonstrate that it is . 
  do i need to demonstrate that an operation without anesthesia is unnecessarily cruel or can we agree on that without me proving it ?? 
   because if you eat meat then i do n't see why you would frown upon sch\u00e4chten . 
  because having the animal suffer unnecessarily for your sky daddy is different than killing it without suffering . 
  suffering is the key word here . 
   you 're simply borderline retarded so glad i am not a vegan then . 
  also so glad that you know how to construct valid arguments .
