  priceless . 
   sure . 
  show me that this exception to the rule is super common even if it was one in a million it 's still a price you are willing to pay . 
  i mean , after all , you are n't paying it so who cares about suffering , right ? 
  i am just realizing that i am talking to somebody that denies simple facts so that he does n't have to change his mind . 
  you are ok with animals suffering because somebody wants to please their imaginary friend , i am not . 
  that 's as simple as it gets . 
   why would i give numbers for the case where things go wrong ? 
  because these cases are a part of reality and are therefore part of the price you are willing to pay to be `` tolerant '' . 
  seconds ** if ** all goes well . 
  but you are ok with extreme cruelty , i get that and you have a right to your opinion . 
   you ... you think that a cut jugular has blood running out of it slowly ? 
  you do realize that the blood does n't run out at full speed the whole time and that you have enough time to realize what 's happening and to enjoy the pain of having your throat sliced ? 
  any source on seconds ? 
   if you do n't get the job , then you 're not a good enough worker . 
  or somebody does the same job ( or even a bit worse ) for a fraction of the cost . 
  these wages do n't even need to be illegally low . 
  why do you comment if you have n't continued reading ? 
  was it too much work ? 
  half of what exactly is 0eu ? 
  by your own admission you would take the cheaper immigrants , in which case : `` they did take er jerbs '' . 
   it was a non-binding motion condemning animus and bigotry towards muslims non-binding , yes , but `` bigotry '' does n't really mean anything . 
  if you do n't like an ideology you have every right ( or : you should have ) to voice that dislike . 
  that motion is directly pushing mps to condem islamophobia , which is such a loose term that it just singles out islam for special treatment . 
   i imagine you 'll not object to someone dismissing your opinions because you 're from the country that welcomed millions of migrants ? 
  you can dismiss my opinion on any grounds you like , that 's your right . 
  again with the narrow minded view . 
  please stop avoiding the question , which group do you pick ? 
  nothing , i adressed the wrong guy , sorry !, 
  you are talking to a guy whose country just decided that criticizing islam is too much , aka censoring free speech . 
  no good will come of this exchange . 
  it will happen , but probably with all of europe . 
  global warming will only make migration numbers go up . 
  so you want to throw native swedes out of their houses to make space for migrants ? 
  / edit : this was meant for / u/sultry _ somnambulist, 
   language and culture is a living thing in of itself yes , so accepting the cultural enrichment of islam is something you are n't opposed to ? 
  ok , i have that dozen and a dozen immigrants who will work with the same efficiency but at half the price . 
  which dozen do you pick ? 
   also : the `` immigrants take muh jerbs '' doesnt count anymore . 
  if an immigrant takes your job , youre either a shitty worker , or the job isnt worth it anyway . 
  this is possibly the most stupid argument i have ever heard regarding this . 
  short-sighted , insulting and with no roots in reality . 
  well , to each their own . 
  maybe her dropping out of politics will make things easier for you , 
  compared to our current head of state , i guess ... 
  i think the reconstruction over the last two years have been enough for a while . 
   then it is a good thing nobody is talking about granting residence rights automatically . 
  is n't this exactly what we are discussing here ? 
   i 'm really not sure how it is that much harder but ok . really ? 
  you think marrying and having a quickie are the same amount of work ? 
  i am not surprised about that , i hope that answers your question . 
  how often it has happened so far ? 
  i do n't know . 
  but do n't you think it will happen much more often if word gets out that you get residence rights automatically ? 
  that would be exactly how it worked if a child grants you residence rights automatically . 
  and yes , marrying in is a thing too but i think we can agree that it is much harder ? 
  and we have checks in place to make sure that system is n't misused , afaik . 
  that sounds like a good solution . 
  i understand what you are saying and it 's implications . 
  so you are saying that we should allow all mothers to stay ? 
  what about other relatives ? 
  should they get residence rights too ? 
  come over , find a man to procreate with , get residency right . 
  we can not give them eu residence right . 
  because it opens the system to all kinds of abuse . 
  with the rising illegal immigration we already have enough on our hands , especially considering that immigration numbers only will go up with global warming in the next years . 
  so your question is `` why are anchor babies a bad thing ? 
  this goes definitely too far . 
  as highly qualified as the people that came in during the migration wave in 2015 ? 
  oh , ok , sorry then , i totally did n't mean to do that !, 
  it really was n't . 
  did i say they were n't ? 
  so politicians should have ignored what the majority wanted ? 
  this is just getting silly . 
  you ca n't have free speech and regulations . 
  either speech is free or it 's regulated . 
  in which case it should be called allowed speech . 
  that 's funny because you are the person that uses fgm in one way and one way only . 
  no nuance . 
  you even brought fgm up to defend mgm . 
  why ? 
  how is that an argument ? 
  cutting off an arm is worse so cutting off a finger is ok ? 
   thankfully pretty much all the reputable medical organisations do n't agree with outlawing male circumcision . 
  and why are you thankful for that ? 
  does cutting genitalia get you going ? 
  and no , `` pretty much all reputable medical organisations '' do n't agree with circumcision . 
  you can see a list of medical organisations against it [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/69w0fs/norways_progress_party_calls_for_ban_on/dha1qmu/ ) . 
   saying something is wrong does n't make it wrong . 
  since you asserted something without evidence i can dismiss it without evidence . 
  please link to one . 
   even the lesser forms of fgm are stilll considerably worse than male circumcision . 
  wrong  if done properly male circumcision has practically no long term effects . 
  horribly wrong . 
   about 1/3 of the world 's male population have been cut and they live perfectly normally lives . 
  so do amputees . 
   while the same is n't true about fgm . 
  also wrong . 
  maybe right though if you only focus on certain types of fgm . 
   there is a good reason why fgm is taken more seriously and it is n't due to double standards .
