instead of attackign your opponents you could um ... try to think about why people prefer to vote for your opponents ? 
   just convinced of the win i did n't think of that possibility . 
  thanks . 
  instead of saying `` all they had to do is vote '' why do n't you say `` all the dnc had to do was put up a good candidate '' ? 
  because imo the low voter turnout was due to the bad candidate the dnc put up , not because they were `` too lazy to vote '' . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  `` no protection until you fix your democracy to my liking . '', 
  wow , did n't expect that , thank you very much !, 
  but does n't that referendum proposal just read like `` we are going to do away with all the people that oppose us '' ? 
   inherent\u00f6y til the finish word for inherently , 
  i do n't know ... 
  i would n't trust anybody with cash ... 
  but i am not a refugee . 
   with the husband working at the asylum centre as an interpreter . 
  so he translates what his wife is saying ? 
  yes , what comes after is nuanced . 
  but the question was `` should we remain in the eu ? '', 
  and nothing else . 
  you can argue that there should have been follow up questions to ask what else people want . 
  all i am saying is that this method to ask the public is fair and good , i am not saying that it automatically gives you what else the people want . 
  it is a black and white outcome and therefore a black and white question is fine . 
  `` do you want to stay in the eu , yes or no ? '', 
   a suggestion to rename the existing `` state of emergency '' to the less-alarming `` state of high security '' . 
  so when they switch back from `` state of emergency '' they will not be in a `` state of high security '' anymore ? 
  oh god no ... 
  we are talking about a woman here who more or less admitted she does n't know anything about the internet . 
  no , i would n't support that at all . 
  i am very happy with the way it is currently set up . 
  if it was a race issue , how could christian arabs be good then ? 
  there was one `` race '' named in his comment , just with different religions . 
  how can it be a race issue then ? 
  why are you trying to make it about race after perkutalle already showed that it is n't about race ? 
  yes , but that reason ( if true at all ) is n't necessarily low sentences . 
   punishment is n't helping but for the feel good of some lesser intelligent people . 
  any proof ? 
  so punishment ( i.e. 
  negative reinforcement ) has no effect ? 
  that is n't the sign of a good government anymore . 
  a good government has to be pc before all else . 
  i think there would be a deterring effect . 
  and due to that effect those guys would maybe not have gang raped that girl . 
  so i would say that girl would have benefited from it . 
  but i am open to studies that say that i am wrong about the detering effect . 
  so i guess it did n't help you understand what vitpixeling ** means ** ( which is what this example was for ) . 
  and how are they paying their victims by running free ? 
  thanks , i did not know that . 
  do you have a source on that ? 
   the judges came to the conclusion that the perpetrators were repentant and do n't pose a threat to society any more . 
  gang rapist today , not a danger tomorrow . 
  imma call bullshit on that . 
  / edit : / u/23powerz proved me wrong further down . 
  it 's the same jacket . 
  it also gives you a good idea of what he means . 
  how is that a terrible example ? 
  it sounds like it 's exactly the same in sweden and germany, 
   otherwise the taxpayers will pay welfare money . 
  i would personally be fine with that if people got harder sentences . 
  seriously , they gang raped and filmed a 14 year old ... 
  like ... what ... ? 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=553vdc_jq9e ) it is , but it is in danish/swedish . 
  well accepting everybody into the country knowing full well that they ca n't send them back in most of the cases does n't give me the impression that this an especially big concern of said countries . 
  that 's also true . 
  but i would wager that the intake of a high amount of people with low education but the need for food , housing and medical attention does n't let the average standard of living go up . 
   ca n't win the battle of semantics . 
  that 's true , sadly . 
  i misread the comment , my apologies . 
  my favourite bid was a talk between danish and swedish politicians in which the danes presented facts and the swedish response was `` open your hearts '' . 
   migrants need to be fed or housed every single day no , refugees need to fed and housed . 
  there is no obligation to feed everybody that crosses your border . 
  in their minds it is . 
  afaik there are exceptions to minimum wage , are n't there ? 
   a high standard of living . 
  while you are right atm it is no where near guaranteed that it will stay that way . 
   and the west did not increase the money given to them ? 
  where does the wests ( tm ) obligation come from to care for everybody ? 
   syrians are the dominant plurality among all ` migrants ' that is so so wrong . 
  according to the german gov 1 in 4 migrants is from syria . 
   neither wants illegitimate or economic migrants . 
  not the impression i am getting ... 
  slippery slope . 
  some day somebody will come and say something you like is a hate symbol and should be banned . 
  like pepe the frog ... 
  swedes did , not sure if sweden did . 
  i lived in sweden and this fact was either brushed aside or called a lie . 
  i do n't have any to go on other than that though !, 
  i think the problem here is not so much that you did it but that you deny it happened . 
  you , not as in you personally , of course . 
  how about you realize that i have no influence at all here except putting a cross somewhere every fourth year ? 
   the turkish diaspora in germany ruined our reputation for good exactly this , unfortunately . 
  i think part of the problem is that the turks that moved to germany decades ago never had the chance to evolve with turkeys culture . 
  their culture stayed the same and they brought their kids up in that culture , even in germany . 
  the first time i flew to turkey i was astonished by how different turks in turkey were compared to turks in germany . 
  i hope it does n't degenerate after erdogans coup : /, 
  ah , i really did n't get that . 
  my apologies . 
  fair enough , but with an influx of millions the welfare state in all states would go down until one day poland would look like a promosing alternative . 
  or at least as good as the others . 
  if millions of people start walking to safe their lives they will not care whether or not you agree . 
  the link speaks about northern africa and the middle east becoming uninhabitable . 
  it makes no sense to migrate to sa or uae if they are also uninhabitable .
