   that 's just your opinion i am merely asking a question . 
  you are claiming that life has a purpose , i would like to know why . 
   there is nothing forcing anyone to take the scripture literally while you are right , it 's also dishonest . 
  if you can twist gods word to fit your liking why not cut out the middle man ? 
  if god says `` do a '' and you say `` he means b '' then you might as well not use the book . 
   the bible/quran/whatever is n't meant to be a scientific study on any manifestation of god that can be disproven . 
  you can show that it contains errors . 
  the word of god would n't have any errors since god is said to be perfect . 
   what you are basically saying is that everyone who looks into science will see god does n't exist , but that is just not the case . 
  no , not every single person . 
  but so many of them . 
  where does the notion that life has to have a purpose come from ? 
  that 's entitlement and it is probably unfounded . 
  you can of course ignore all the errors in scripture and go on but devout people will ( rightfully ) tell you that you are wrong and that 's a big problem . 
  in order to accept science you need to reject at least parts of your faith . 
  afaik the quran is the inerand and unchanging word of god . 
  to adopt a more modern aproach you 'd need to, 
   just the clinging to a written text is difficult this way . 
  which is the most important part if you are selling it as gods word . 
   but many christian churches today are n't anti-science at all . 
  i do n't know what your criteria for pro-science churches are but i am interested in hearing them . 
   also no scientists will ever proof that a god does n't exist , and it 's not like they are actively trying to . 
  same goes for the tooth fairy . 
   the only thing that science does respective to god is that things that could n't be explained were attributed to god and could n't be attributed to god after . 
  but that still does n't question the existence of god . 
  that sounds a lot like the god of the gaps . 
  you can always find a hiding spot for god but the likelihood of her existing goes down and that will inevitably cost you followers , which is very bad for religion . 
  generally speaking , in the past science did n't dare to question the existence of god openly if it did at all and people were much more likely to be believers . 
  a religion can `` embrace science '' only when science does n't contradict religions very basis . 
  that 's why islam was pro-science in the beginning but anti-science ( like every other religion ) later on . 
  since science stance has n't changed , islams stance wo n't change either and that 's the point i am trying to make . 
  they are the same god . 
  if one does n't exist the other does n't either . 
  my comment was about the existence of * any * god . 
  not a specific one . 
  if it was only that i would be happy . 
  but there are laws based on religion and the state pays the salary of church officials . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  while at the same time support for the church is n't a problem . 
  that hypocrisy . 
  you ca n't really compare that though since the knowledge from back then did n't directly put the existence of god in question . 
  not everybody wants to disregard the word of god just to appear more modern . 
  well , there is no theological basis for what she is doing so that will of course influence that . 
  we are talking because you are supporting genital mutilation . 
   anything i throw at you , you end up twisting it and responding with , `` no need for mutilation . '', 
  you do n't need to mutilate children if you can fix the problem otherwise . 
  how hard is it to understand that ? 
   well guess what ? 
  god said we need to circumcise , the pope said we need to circumcise , the chief rabbi said we need to circumcise , the biggest imam said we need to circumcise , the holy ghost said we need to circumcise , your uncle told me that we need to circumcise . 
  pepe told me as well . 
  did n't know you believed in sky fairies . 
  if i had we would have stopped this convo earlier . 
   mutilation or maiming is an act of physical injury that degrades the appearance or function of any living body . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mutilation ) . 
  at least get your facts straight . 
   they are just snipping a thin piece of skin , and you guys call it mutilation . 
  everything on a baby is `` a thin piece of skin '' . 
  cutting of a fingertip would also fit your definition . 
   i do n't know - why are you putting words in my mouth saying i support surgery without it when i never made any such statements . 
  all infant genital mutilation is done without anesthesia . 
  as such an adamt supporter of the procedure you should know that . 
  babies are too young for anesthesia , so if you support it being routinely done to babies you support having parts of dicks cut off without anesthesia . 
   i 'm the one who presented you with the information that female genital mutilation gives women an increasing chance in cancer , uti , aids , std 's , etc. 
  what ? 
  where ? 
  did i overlook that ? 
  if so i apologize . 
   so what the fuck are you trying to argue with me about ? 
  you are making several baseless claims and do n't even seem to be informed about the details of mgm . 
  that 's what i am arguing about with you . 
  mostly from american tv , yes . 
   i explained and spelled out everything in plain english to you a couple posts ago , detailing the benefits in contrast to uncircumcised penises . 
  please do n't call me adamantly ignorant if you ignore every single rebutal i have written : uti -  no need to mutilate . 
  penile cancer -  no need to mutilate . 
  hygiene : no reason to mutilate . 
  i explained every single time why that specific reason makes no sense . 
   you are one of the most illogical person i 've talked to , you seriously expect me to watch something like that just because i support that position ? 
  yes , you support that being done to children without anesthesia so you should at least know what it looks like . 
  there are no reasons to do it , especially not to a baby without anesthesia . 
  that 's just sick . 
   in infants the recovery from the procedure is remarkably fast . 
  source ? 
  because it 's not true . 
  btw , while we are at it ? 
  i asked you some comments ago about sources that fgm is n't beneficial in terms of uti , cancer and hygiene . 
  you claimed it was n't so please prove it . 
   but at the end of the day , it 's up for mommy and daddy to decide in my opinion . 
  also when it comes to the lesser form of fgm ? 
   i think a free society should give the parents the free will to decide what to do with their infants useless foreskin . 
  again , it 's not useless though . 
  if it was , nature would have gotten rid of it already . 
  and it 's not up to the parents to `` keep it or snip it '' if there is n't a medical reason to do it . 
  i might have worded that poorly . 
  what i meant to say was that since we get almost all our info about americans from american television/politics we can only feel superior to you ( which * we * do n't , i guess ) if you give us that feeling . 
  but to answer the question : personally i envy your freedom of speech and your right to bear arms . 
   evidence-based policy statements by the american academy of pediatrics ( aap ) and the centers for disease control and prevention ( cdc ) support infant and later age male circumcision ( mc ) as a desirable public health measure . 
  i can only point to the aap website that says they do n't universally support it . 
   early infant male circumcision ( mc ) is a simple , safe procedure that was performed in anglophone countries for much of the 20th century . 
  here is a [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slheooqhsvw ) of this simple and safe procedure  let me know if you can make it through the whole video . 
  also , that list of benefits is laughable ... `` inferior penile hygiene '' .
