   we can do it . 
  our values are stronger and more attractive . 
  whether we can do it depends on how many people come . 
  we ca n't integrate beyond a certain number of new arrivals . 
  it is also not our values which makes people move here ... we are doing better because of our secularism but finally , people are coming because of our wealth , not because of our values . 
  `` if the arabs had the choice between two states , secular and religious , they would vote for the religious and flee to the secular . '', 
   so should we start punishing people based on their views ? 
  it 's a very slippery road ... 
  agreed , one hundred percent . 
  i think we probably should n't . 
  but we should stop normalizing it . 
   i 'm sure that for each salafi , or even convert , you would have one ex-muslim or entirely secularized one . 
  i would love to believe that . 
  the mayor of london is a muslim and put a ban on bikini ads while simultaneously being against a burka ban `` because you should n't tell women what to wear '' , that looks like an agenda to me but i might be wrong . 
   true , but it should cover myth of `` demographic bomb '' . 
  i also do n't see how the demographic bomb has been defused with this . 
  if you mean that they wo n't reproduce like crazy that is true , but we are seeing a constant instream of religious believers and that will only get worse with global warming . 
   but on the other hand , it 's hugely overestimated as a threat . 
  violent/terrorist islamists are dangerous minority it 's not only the violent ones that are a threat . 
  the views on unbelievers , women and other non-conforming groups in islam are dangerous and i do n't get why these views are being defended that much just because they are part of a religion . 
  other books have similar problems but we are talking about islam here . 
   but without repressing non-violent people , who just want to live in their weird way . 
  if that way only influences them then that is ok . 
  but that is not how beliefs work , especially religion . 
  that is not the same as secularization though . 
   i like the notion of ` crowdsourcing the truth ' how does that work ? 
  the truth is n't decided by the majority . 
  or did i somehow not get what that means ? 
   partially beacause you also have to consider that a lot of them will be secularized , especially over the course of generations . 
  do you have any numbers on that ? 
  because that really does n't go along with what we see around us since leaving islam is punishable by death , according to islam . 
   extremist terrorism from some very small sections is something you could worry about . 
  it 's not onlt that , it is the general view on unbelievers and women that i worry about . 
  at what percentage would you start worrying ? 
  and how do you think that number will change with cosistent intake of muslims ? 
  i do n't see the argument . 
   to noticeably alter anyone 's , but their members ' lives . 
  [ iranian women protesting the hijab ] ( https://3.bp.blogspot.com/-kgfyzezo4hg/v_nbledggui/aaaaaaaalvm/fvyhwszk94e1ot6kvbsavdtkjrnakzv6aclcb/s1600/women_protesting_hijab_iran.jpg ), 
  what about 2016 ? 
  are there any statistics already ? 
  so islamization can not happen ? 
  seeing that it has happened in the past i am curious to know why you think it ca n't happen in germany . 
   if you ban one religious symbol you make it easier for the next more-fascist government to ban many more . 
  not really sure whether i agree here . 
  germany banned the swastika and that did n't seem to run out of control . 
  / edit :  islamic feminist movement . 
  that made me laugh really hard . 
  it 's like green red . 
  to be fair `` men-only '' cafes does only sound bad until you realize that `` women-only '' establishments are a thing . 
  giving men the same benefits only seems fair . 
  second , how is asian a race ? 
  hell how is black a race ? 
  plenty of genetic diversity in black people . 
  straw man  no it is n't you fucking liar . 
  insults , nice . 
   feel free to point out where i called you a racist and you ca n't . 
  go be a victim somewhere else . 
  what else is that racial discrimination bit about ? 
   even though before their immigration here crime was much higher than it is now . 
  source ? 
  a normalized source please . 
  and are you saying that muslims bring peace ? 
   they are still ( far ) less criminal than our parents generation . 
  what kind of bs argument is that ? 
   much like the french and uk were doing with black-people , before it was muslims . 
  there it is again , dislike of muslims must be because of their race . 
   sure , how is that at all relevant to the discussion ? 
  it 's what the discussion is about . 
  yeah , i know , that 's why i said in theory . 
  i do n't expect them to leave and nobody will be deported . 
  i go fully along with / u/carlfou i just wanted to know whether that they are expected to return is wrong . 
   ah yes , the i disagree with the guy so claim he called everybody hitler . 
  even though he did n't and i am just making this up for my scoring some points . 
  you made this about race to discredit people that are against a certain ideology that you somehow feel the need to defend . 
  as it was n't about race before but is now since you decided to switch tactics it 's fair to say that you called me a racist , is n't it ? 
   it 's weird you confuse ethnicity with genetic differences . 
  does n't matter , the difference between what we talked about before ( ideology ) and what you want to talk about now ( race ) is that you can change the former but not the latter . 
   for clarity , europeans were blaming minority groups way before muslim terror attacks became a problem . 
  so it 's not some hypothetical like you seem to suggest , it 's just history . 
  ah yes , the old chestnut . 
  we have one problem , we might as well just have two . 
  are n't refugees at least expected to return after the war is over ? 
  to show that they are all good . 
  i did n't say 100 % safe . 
  `` as safe as possible '' is still not straw man proof , apparently . 
  i will need to work on that . 
  maybe i should just have written  which somehow trumps a communitys right to be safe , sadly . 
  of course not , because that goes against his human rights . 
  which somehow trumps a communitys right to be as safe as possible , sadly . 
   `` x years in prison and then death in their home country '' . 
  the death sentence is n't guaranteed . 
  if you commit such crimes int he community that ** you ** fled to then they have every right to deport you again . 
  or at least * should have * . 
  ah yes , the old `` everybody is literally hitler '' . 
  and it 's quite sad that you feel the need to switch from cultural/religious differences to genetic differences . 
  do you feel that it gives your argument more credibility ? 
  yes , that is literally what these statistics show . 
  i never said anything else . 
  so this is a noticeable trend across all of europe but all of these people are just wrong , interesting debate-style . 
   and your scaremongering makes other people believe that there are more muslims than there really are ?
