yes . 
  have family in usa ( tennesse ) , canada ( toronto ) and australia ( melbourne ) and in uk in many places . 
  2700 euros . 
  live in small city south-east of warsaw . 
  in whole poland ( 38 mln people ) only my family carry this surname . 
  around 20 people . 
  all of our neighbours hate us . 
  so we do n't have any other choice ... and thats why we love hamerica !, 
  dunno why you are being downvoted when you said true ... 
  28 yoa and still loking for one . 
  probably kids . 
  there was way more kids when i was younger . 
  now is something like half of them . 
  fuc * ing rat race made it . 
  we are depopulating way too fast . 
  it will hit us badly in near future ... 
  dunno what s wrong with us or with rest of europe , but wa\u0142\u0119sa and tusk are seen as role model leaders on the west while bigger part of our society describe them almost as `` persona non grata '' . 
  do we know them better ? 
  or they are way too much colorized in europe ? 
  wish poles could have same opinion about wa\u0142\u0119sa as germans . 
  unfortunately he is not as clever , pure , good-behiving as you think . 
  what is basketball ? 
  long term unemployment here means death from starvation . 
  ahhhhhaa . 
  before even opening this topic i knew that polish one will be at top . 
  and i had exacly the same answer on my mind . 
  in primary and secondary school i had 23 classmates , in high school 34 classmates , at university 30 group mates . 
  1,83 m polish male . 
  sligthly above average . 
  roman catholic religion ... 
  nope . 
  im polish-european and that 's all . 
  i was working in random city in lancashire when i was younger . 
  this city was full of muslim families of pakistani or hindi origin . 
  men trited woman like stuff . 
  they didnt let me talk to women . 
  over all very rasist stuff . 
  city was dirty with tons of random garbage on street . 
  i never felt so afraid going alone during nights . 
  for me it was cultural shock . 
  i never expected england to be like this . 
  unfortunately we do n't have pretty cities due to our tragic history . 
  and warsaw our capital is very ugly . 
  that lithuania is basically our rebellious province . 
  that wilno is one of most beautifull polish cities alongside with lw\u00f3w . 
  also lithuania is our homeland after mickiewicz in `` pan tadeusz '' . 
  we gave you culture , nobility , great slavic language etc. 
  and so on . 
  nazi were aliens form other galaxy or mostly germans ? 
  as far as i know in poland fan base of any league you mentioned above can be counted on fingers of your left hand . 
  and in general public media mention some events from those sports once , twice a year . 
  rather bad in both fields . 
  and no sign of future improvement . 
  according to latest medal table of european championships and european indoor championships . 
  poland is no . 
  * athletics * ski jumping * apple production * rpg games production * gdp growth since fall of communism * not smilling to strangers * worshiping imaginary person called hezuz or smth like that ... * electing braindead governments, 
  your friends are n't educated enough or just aren ' t inteligent enough . 
  beliving in any kind of religion or other things in 21 century make people look simply stupid . 
  secular country without this mental diesese called religion . 
  this is so true . 
  everytime when i hear loudly speking people in bus or tramway it has to be spanish . 
  honestly when do you have time to think ? 
  this one thing make so many problems . 
  we ca n't develop properly . 
  i wish our country to be free from any religion . 
  man who united poland after partitions and won war against red plague comming from east . 
  actually ... . . it is in our language . 
  like it it not but for us you are holandia . 
  people from holandia are holendrzy . 
  a lot ... 
  abortion , warsaw expansion , tusk as second term eu president , car crashes of major polish politicians including pm and so on . 
  chicago - szikago : shikago new york - niu jork : niu york washington - \u0141oszinkton : woshinkton, 
  pfff . 
  try to learn polish in 16 months as i did . 
  tesco . 
  lidl . 
  top . 
  carrefour . 
  makro . 
  those are only i ' v been there . 
  well i would put my bet on french , that they surrender first day of apocalipse . 
  yes , i 'm listening . 
  i would add even more , religion is main problem in our country . 
  it holds us in past and we cant develop properly because of it . 
  sorry my dear american friend but your football is popular in europe as european ski jumping in usa, 
  skoda rapid . 
  the best german quality car for that price . 
  second hand cars in uk are indeed cheap but insurance there is horendous . 
  well i think quite the opposite . 
  why we should spend more than we can afford . 
  living on debt is only temporary improvement . 
  finaly some one will have to pay it back . 
  the true tragedy is that it wont be those who made that decision . 
  last major correction of borders has happend after wwii . 
  we lost almost 80.000,00 km ^ 2 ( about the size of czechia ) . 
  also whole country moved from east to west few hundreds kilometers . 
  i do n't think there are any active disputes regarding those lands , but we still feel kinda nostalgic about vilnus , lviv or brest ( my familly comes from there ) as these cities were major polish cultural , science and political centers . 
  even our greatest epos starts with words : `` lithuania my fatherland ... '', 
  glad no one mentioned poland , because it would be awkward ... 
   a lot of countries not located in europe are mentally much close to europe than russia that 's the point .
