  only because you are geographically part of europe does n't make you european . 
  australia for example is more european than russia will every be ... 
  and nato is just best organization ... 
  europe is much safer place than usa . 
  if you can live everyday life in states , you will be more than just fine here . 
  ukraine would like to have word with you ... 
  hmmm ... nothing ... 
  just do n't call me russian and it should be fine . 
  i 'm polish antitheist and i consider christmas as nice time to hang out with close family and eat best food you could get . 
  dunno what should we do , but for sure we will be `` deeply concern '' . 
  russia is wining while usa is losing in syria . 
  if i 'm not wrong word `` spruce '' has polish origin . 
  in our language it would be `` z prus '' , what means `` from prussia '', 
  a lot of them . 
  i think german logistic companies ca n't stand polish preassure in that field and are lobbing hard for new taxes on foreghners ... universal hour pay didnt work and they came up with different idea ... 
  yep that is true also . 
  glad we understand each other well . 
  i 'm 1,83 cm , so 6 ' in foots . 
  i think it 's around average hight here . 
  younger are much higher now than older people and it clearly visible on streets . 
  we as nation are growing with every generation . 
  as another american inside job ( false flag ) just like 9/11 . 
  would be nice if we could play in kaliningrad . 
  just 400 km away from my home . 
  if we advance ofc . 
  i would totally go there to witnes lewandowski and inc. winning wc in moscow . 
  that we are hard working ... 60h work week is n't that long tbh . 
  well i loved chrom . 
  polish first person shooter ( very old game 2004 if i remember correctly ) . 
  also vanishing of ethan carter short but great . 
  but i have to admit after witcher 3 i lost interest in games . 
  nothing can compare to this masterpiece . 
  hope cyberpunk 2077 will change that . 
  amazing game . 
  april rayan unforgetable character . 
  holding door is very common here , but starting conversation with total stranger is weird . 
  what if someone is n't in mood , or have bigger problems on his head ? 
  also fake kindness is worst possible thing in human interaction . 
  hmmm probably `` the pianist '', 
  atheist , do n't like vodka , do n't like disco polo . 
  hoping for ukraine something like 2030 . 
  hard to say . 
  half of my family are devoted chrisitians another half are atheists , including me . 
  so it 's not like all poles are religious, 
  so ... . in next 3 years new lewandowski will emerge in dortmund . 
  i 'm more than sure that at this point our population is well below 36 mln people . 
  considering how huge emigration was in last 10 years . 
  edit : and because of that i 'm more than sure that our statistics about gdp per capita are way to low . 
  all big institutions like imf etc. 
  put as above 38,5 mln what is missleading for about 2,5 mln people . 
  well if you have in pocket 10 $ and other person have in pocket 100 $ and chocolate bar cost gross 2 $ ( nett 1,6 $ with 20 % vat rate ) . 
  that means you have to spend 4 % of your money as vat while other person have to spend 0,4 % of his money as vat . 
  so in conclusion vat is burden for those who earn less , because they have less disposall income . 
  that because most of them are young people in reproductive age . 
  are they milky white and chrisitan ? 
  and wo n't work in longer period . 
  poland is n't so catholic like many thinks . 
  and for sure you wo n't notice it in everyday life like it is in muslim countries or countries with big muslims minorities . 
  if you have to pick city to live in poland avoid warsaw . 
  better place is to live in one of those smaller cities around warsaw or in other mid-sized cites around country . 
  answear is quite simply . 
  we put first work and education before starting a new family and having kids + huge numbers of young people who are in reproductive age are abroad ( about 3 mln ) . 
  and even if you finally get your own family most people decide only for one child . 
  that 's why we have 3rd lowest birth rate in world . 
  honestly do n't know but at least they are producing it . 
  passed 27 years since fall of communism and still we are unable to produce own car ... 
  no ... you get it wronge . 
  * `` you poles and your love for black gold ( coal ) '' * :p, 
  i just hope than one day . 
  one of those companies like solaris , pesa etc. 
  start building cars like skoda or dacia is doing . 
  and make russia pay for it . 
  in bubble ... 
  swedenbros can we also build tunnel under baltic and connect our two greatest countries in yurope ? 
  well i thinkthat changing `` sz '' or `` cz '' for '' \u0161 '' or '' \u010d '' would be very bad idea , beceause we already have '' \u015b '' or '' \u0107 '' and it would only makes thing worse . 
    second , the written language is a lie . 
  it 's supposed to be pronounced like it 's written , but the consonant clusters shift from voiced to voiceless and vice versa depending on their surroundings . 
  case in point : all the words starting with the `` prz '' cluster are pronounced as if they were starting with `` psz '' instead ( `` psh '' in english ) . 
  no they are not . 
  polish and french sounds similiar . 
  when i was abroad people were thinking i 'm french . 
  you know what is funny . 
  poles thinks the opposite . 
  for us czech language is like spoken by polish retarded kid . 
  with no offence ofcourse . 
  it 's polish so you do n't ask `` how ? 
  hard to say . 
  really . 
  for some it 's better for other it 's worse than it used to be . 
  due to low technological innovation and ageing population we are goin to enter middle income trap sooner than later . 
  there are some ex-communistic countries that are doing better than we are and there are some that are doing worse . 
  it 's not bad but it could be much better with responsible economic policy . 
  they are not . 
  it 's very center of city . 
  `` downtown '' district and `` wola '' district . 
  well warsaw would be also city without skyscrapers today similiar to prague or krak\u00f3w , but you know germans between 1939-1945 happend . 
  there is so much empty space in very center of city that it would be plain stupid not to build there skyscrapers . 
  iron curtain divides europe on commie and not commie europe . 
  as far as i remember it ended in 1989 . 
  culturally and politically germany is closer to czechia or poland than to france or spain .
