  and poland or czechia are closer to germany than to ukraine or russia . 
  have in mind that `` closer '' does n't mean `` the same '' . 
  it 's due to historical mixing of people in this part of europe . 
  only big difference here is religion but it 's basically different everywhere and it 's changing quite fast . 
  with baltics it 's different story . 
  and at this point i have mixed feelings where to put them . 
  no it will never be , because siberia is entirely in asia . 
  this is most accurate map of cultural/politicial division i 've ever seen . 
  and in typical polish fashion i must add : `` and we wo n't be for another 40 years at least . '', 
  ... and your comment reffers to ? 
  map is about europe . 
  and i think 4 mln square km of russia is in europe . 
  nope , universities here are `` free '' ( if you are good student ) . 
  i was working during studies ( mostly during master ) and living in university dormitory so i actually saved some money when i graduated . 
  so for me it was kind good time . 
  also all books i needed were in university library and internet there was also free . 
  in polar caps on mars . 
  well to be honest , i was n't even remotely rude in my comment . 
  i just had to lover to level of that person , otherwise he would n't even understand . 
  ignoring stupid people make them believe they are smart and that 's true tragedy of this world . 
  well we have one of most if not most tragic history you can imagine about one country . 
  we had to fight for our national survival and dignity for last 250 years ( without most recent 27 years ) . 
  and it always were same enemies germans and russians . 
  we were always left to fight alone against them at the same time . 
  we learned that if you want to count on anything or anyone you can only count on yourself there are no firends in europe . 
  so being prepared is a must . 
  and we in last 27 years deluded ourself that russians changed their mentality , but ukraine , georgia , syria only proved that they simply ca n't . 
  so best we can do is to be prepared . 
  poles are peace loving nation but if they are pushed to defend you wo n't find better soldiers . 
  our maxim is `` if you want peace , be prepared for war '' . 
  in todays world everything is credible even russian invasion that 's why i support any paramilitary organisation . 
  if i only have more time i would join any of those . 
  gross not net . 
  i always have smile when i see or hear this sentence :   that 's due to productivity gaps . 
  i seen on my own eyes in uk or ireland how productity gap looks like . 
  and i can tell you that they can learn from us how to work ... 
  average wage is worst possible indicator you can provide . 
  most of poles earns between 1600 pln and 2600pln net ( 365 - 600 euro net ) . 
  for this major part of society everything is expensive . 
  starting with food , tickets , fuel etc. 
  not to mention house , rent or car . 
  we pay most for gas or oil per hour worked in entire eu . 
  dutch with tank ? 
  i belive if i see it . 
  and the 3rd best time to invest in eastern poland is between those times . 
  so this time commonwealth will be bigger . 
  from france to russia . 
  i can take that . 
  no ... that 's the truth ... 
  and yet average poles is still poorer than average greek and portuguese . 
  well noone here is comfortable with this problem . 
  we have huge public debates about it , but there is no simple solution for that . 
  spreading femminism , chase for high social position and career , time only for work and education , globalization etc. . and i do n't think that some one will replace us fast like it is happening in uk , france , germany or nordics . 
  we are quite peculiar country . 
  almost 100 % homogenic , white , chrisitian population . 
  anyone who is not white and from other religion will feel here quite strange and outcasted . 
  and being poorer than western countries wo n't help either . 
  so we are already below 38 mln . 
  our demographic collapse is comming with huge steps . 
  mass emigration + very low birth rates will change polish landscape in next 25 - 30 years and influx of ukrainians wo n't change it . 
  but there are also bright sides . 
  less crowded streets and bigger chance to get a job . 
  i pay 20 euro/month for 6 mb/s . 
  and thats fastest avaiable speed here where i live atm ... . . there is no justice in this world ... 
  12 points from poland goes to ... . vatican !, 
  12 points from vatican goes to ... poland !, 
  well inflation between 1.5 % and 3,5 % is n't so perceptible to society like inflation for example above 10 % . 
  people starts to act strange if money act unpredictible . 
  inflation and deflation describes relative increse or decrease value of goods . 
  not how much worth is money . 
  nominal values of money stays the same all time . 
  prices of good expressed in money grows or falls . 
  so in deflation economy you buy goods that are worth more than goods that you sell after , because money becomes `` stronger '' so you need less money to buy more . 
  edit : so company goes bancrupt after some time . 
  i think you misspelled word `` autumn '' . 
  consistent 0 % means economic stagnation in long period . 
  any kind of deflation is bad , because you buy for more and sell for less . 
  high inflation is bad ( above 5 % ) because everything gets more and more expensive with time . 
  best situation is when inflation stays at rate between 1.5 % and 3,5 % . 
  economy grows , prices are stable , everyone is happy . 
  yes . 
  so does we ... yet for people behind our western border it 's quite the opposite . 
  so . . you are no longer west european ? 
  well that 's strange for me also . 
  for me touru\u0144 old town and old town square is most beautiful in poland . 
  yet not on this list ... 
  when we call ourselvs central europe rest of you is calling us eastern europe . 
  when we call you western europe rest of you is calling yourself central europe . 
  fu * k it . 
  you people on south are strange ... 
  i love when it 's raining and cloudy . 
  i just can work , work , work and learn . 
  i ca n't stand when temperature is over 28 degree of celsius ( like last week - , - ) . 
  i would love to live on iceland . 
  2016 just ca n't stop providing . 
  pis ( law and justice ) is far from being eurosceptic . 
  they are simply more focused on internal problems than european wide problems . 
  they support poland in eu as same as previous party , but they are slightly more nationalistic . 
  may i ask you where from you have information about polish anti-eu sentiment ? 
  as far as i know we are most pro eu country in whole eu .
