he didnt kill him ya fucktard he beat him to a pulp . 
  kid is alive tho and the serb govt gave the kids family $ 900,000 . 
  no one in serbia is really sure why they did this when the asshole is clearly guilty ... 
  is fake , bcuz no men anywhere else but in serbia, 
  provide another source to verify, 
  went to liege once , dont worry never going back to that part of belgium again : s, 
  londonstan, 
  butthurt ***, 
  she played for serbia not hungary and you and your entire country wishes he was bud lol, 
  1995 eurobasket was intense as hell !, 
  we were under sanctions and there was war but when we won that it was just euphoria . 
  also the croats were so butthurt that they won bronze that they walked off the medals ceremony so there was that massive bonus :d, 
  stop invading countries but then again who am i to talk haaaaaa, 
  no brakes ? 
  on to russia !!, 
  yes , it just makes sense, 
  back in the day it was monica seles until that fuckhead stabbed her . 
  but today its anything djokovic wins ... i love that man, 
  yah fuck you we did, 
  southern part ya but surprise surprise theres albanians there too, 
  cause shitpar rats got what they wanted and it failed hahahah fuckign rats, 
  well theyre going through to reach the eu and some of them fail to so they remain in serbia , so its still a serbian problem regardless, 
  enlighten us then, 
  high 5 france, 
  lol im lolloolololllling so hard btw, 
  wonder why the serbs left in kosovo arent jumping the borders in hordes, 
  how so, 
  abrams tank is the most badass , prove me wrong . 
  something stronger and more intimidating like would be more appreciated, 
  priorities people, 
  not the terrible grey commie block moskva i envisioned, 
  well arent you quite the cunt, 
  those racist bastards !, 
  thats disturbing ... 
  europe got greener ? 
  and yugoslavia and czechoslovakia, 
  is he going to try and sneak her into west berlin next ? 
  we dont disappoint, 
  i think you spelled iraq wrong, 
  lol who buys porn, 
  whys the eu so bent on getting bosnia into the eu ? 
  probably the flu , thats the problem with cold wars :d, 
  sounds so dark and dystopian like `` the union '', 
  thats so cool , whats it like there ? 
  bout as bad as the kebab, 
  lol that would be amazing, 
  is the guy in white a shintoist or something ? 
  we 're like all related to ghengis khan in some way is what i meant, 
  hey are you really from malta ? 
  lmao this never gets old, 
  my guess is putin had a kid and is in switzerland with his wife or girlfriend . 
  no hes not dead ya dumb fucks . 
  thank you , at least one turk believes in the idea now if we can just convince your entire batshit crazy administration of erdagan, 
  kurds have every right to be in that area just as you claim you do . 
  admit the armenian genocide then talk . 
  1.5 million dead armenians is one of the most disgusting things . 
  and still refusing to admit it while closing off the armenian border from the rest of the world is a much more shameful act . 
  castrated off us when we murdered 8 thousand of you in one day ? 
  probably , im sure you have a mongolian ancestor, 
  well then start with stopping the kurdish massacre and give them a state . 
  also recognize the armenian genocide . 
  look in terms of turks , you dont rule an area for 500 years then expect to stay when your power weakens . 
  imperial power fadessss, 
  sure it was . 
  turkey is just a big dindunuffin, 
  what country you from ? 
  casue whatever it is i doubt it doesnt have a few skeletons in its closet, 
  ask the turks theyre the pros at it . 
  even today theyre killing kurds while everyone turns a blind eye . 
  yep , everyone wanted you out . 
  500 years of turkish/ottoman domination doesnt exactly get you many friends bud, 
  how ironic cause it was in france that the albanian mafia was kidnapping in , in the 1st movie, 
  well ottomans did it first by coming into the balkans raping and pillaging every country there, 
  well when the ottomans ruled the balkans for 500 years with an iron fist they lived there but after 500 years of their bullshit we all teamed up and kicked them out, 
  its okay to recognize srebrenica as a genocide when muslims are being killed but vice versa nope . 
  blood for gaul, 
  thats a broooooooooooooooooooooad range of people . 
  lol, 
  can you zoom in a bit tho, 
  ahhhh thanks, 
  i dont get it ? 
  explain how ? 
  criminal acts or terrorism ... whats the difference really ? 
  [ cmon now that doesnt happen ] ( http://www.frontpagemag.com/2014/robert-spencer/uk-it-was-racist-to-prosecute-muslim-rape-gangs/ ), 
  im just kind of surprised anyone thought greece would pay back a billion euro loan tbh . 
  i mean its a country in the midst of a massive crisis and it doesnt take a phd in economics to see that it was next to impossible . 
  no its a legitimate thing i heard on the news and no this was not rt nor sputnik might 've been bbc or some other western outlet, 
  gr8 b8 muslim m8, 
  must be muhh serb conspiracyyyy, 
  i heard in the baltics you could get fined for speaking russian ... 
  just shows that unlike uptight americans we arent afriad to see a nipple or two, 
   not sure is it serb nationalists writing them or just random journalists fishing for clicks . 
  yeah its always a serbian conspiracy when bosniaks fuck up, 
  well considering theyve been dodging borders for the past month i think the scouts saw some real potential there, 
  awhhhh yeeee , 0 % censorship = true freedom, 
  this is the dumbest post ever . 
  to consider what russia would look like without putin consider what the alternative is . 
  its like that german lady that wanted to go to a friends house 5 mins away but ended up in croatia . 
  so many lelz, 
  how much of a shithole liege was , did the serbian army pass through or something ?
