  fucking slovenia always tryna be different n shit, 
  they should organize a trip back to the middle east and never return, 
  lol delusionallllllll much ? 
  nah the middle east and south america pretty much hate you with a passion, 
  yeah well vice versa . 
  every american i talk to thinks russia is somehow evil and this was before this whole ukraine crisis thing happened, 
  we were once much bigger, 
  chinese operated thanks to harper, 
  how ? 
  no one makes it past 40 in africa, 
  you take on nato then, 
  omg a country doesnt like the usa , warn the presses berisha !, 
  berisha i dont care for roma , no one does . 
  berisha what the fuck ?!?!, 
  i bring you videos and you give me shitty wikipedia page ? 
  [ berisha you find anything in garbage pile to sell today ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqtv34fxdog ) literally the africa of europe . 
  yeah france why are you so gay ? 
  they just peanut butter and jealousssssssssssss, 
  [ berisha are you hungry ? 
  here is cake for happy kosova ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pebu06kpke8&amp;feature=player_embedded ), 
  shhhh be quiet berisha , [ is time for national anthem of happy kosova ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m2rtafbqepg ), 
  cant find a job yet has 5 daughters ... i feel no sympathy for people like that, 
  like when all of serbias state owned assets in kosovo were `` privatized '' ? 
  which orthodox church ? 
  largest growing pop group , growing radicalism , recent attacks on satirical magazine hqs as well as more and more jews feeling unwelcome in their own country . 
  these i 'd say are all clear indications of the growing influence of islam in your country . 
  itll get to the point like in the uk where they dont even dare draw muhammad even satirically for fears of reprisals . 
  no , we should form a country !, 
  lolz so much yes, 
  well depends on the context too right, 
  we say that too omg its like we speak the same language or something !, 
  haha we say that too the other way is just so much more specific in terms of fucking your sun lol, 
  getting downvoted ... why ? 
  france cause i dnno . 
  what a silly question, 
  ** jebem te u sunce **  i 'll fuck you in the sun, 
  learn russian, 
  even czechs dont think czechs are the best !, 
  cause bride kidnapping is not dating, 
  wheres the killing ? 
  i just see people running around and falling . 
  turns out its fake actually, 
  oh wow the irony considering it was a call to arms against austro-hungarians lol, 
  kicking turks out for 500 years of ottoman rule is not exile . 
  what ? 
  baltics or balkans ? 
  not in our little corner of europe, 
  europeans are anti-jew ? 
  i dont see any jew hate anywhere in europe where ive been well except for the muslim crazies that shoot up free speech rallies then go on to shoot up a synagogue or jewish market which seems to be a trend actually ... 
  the female dominated patriarchy of prostitution has been ended in sweden woooo, 
  hunger strike, 
  im not even italian and i hate this idea for italy, 
  uhhh i think in turkey the first church since 1909 or something has just been built . 
  in fucking liberal secular turkey . 
  or you could just stay in saudi arabia and forget coming to europe in the first place ... 
  the red states did try and leave it was called the us civil war ... 
  they tried that once , the north invaded the south and kept the confederacy from leaving . 
  called the us civil war . 
  this guy is such a fucking embarrassment and a peasant it makes me rage, 
  probably germany , we see them the way poland sees russia, 
  this is such a dumb post, 
  well then stop joining isil !, 
  not in the least, 
  i guess people just do n't like facts . 
  it 's retarded that they paid out almost a million dollars for this guilty asshole when there are people who need the money so much more in serbia and on top of that he was guilty !, 
  if he broke the law in the us he should have been charged in the us . 
  i think americans just felt like he was escaping justice . 
  im not at all saying that germany is doing that !, 
  far from it, 
  no , serbia agreed to autonomy while the kosovo authorities wanted outright independence which serbia refused . 
  get your facts straight . 
  no referendum was held in kosovo and the minority serbs had no say in that unilateral deceleration . 
  after the war serbs had to flee their homes and were themselves `` ethnically cleansed '' from their homes , churches were burnt down and their fleeing convoys attacked , this was repeated again in 2004 . 
  kosovo war was a war against the separatist kla forces which were designated a terrorist organization by the us and brits . 
  well first of all 1989 - 2008 is not 9 years its 19 . 
  im not saying what russia is doing is right im just saying i see a lot of similarities between crimea and kosovo . 
  the us saying we 're going in for humanitarian reasons when really imo its geopolitical reasons , i mean why else would you build a massive us base there ? 
  same with russia , defend russians rights when really its for the black sea fleet . 
  hence my tl ; dr, 
  i have never heard of it tbh . 
  all i hear about is ruskis and their rapes in germany . 
  i had to google `` did germans rape during wwii '', 
  i still dont get how 6 million jews overshadow 30 million soviets, 
  no im just saying i hardly hear about those crimes, 
  yahh i feel ya there, 
  still the russian minority held a referendum and they , at least claimed , they were being repressed as a russian minority . 
  thats a lot of germans, 
  obviously not . 
  im being sarcastic from all the posts praising the ottoman empire in r/europe, 
  thats not true though . 
  the balkan states came together in 1912 to defeat the ottomans together and then in 1913 the bulgarians lol, 
   the russians were able to go back and defeat russia, 
  lol its always been like that, 
  you know germans raped a lot of people too . 
  they raped their way across eastern europe so whys no one ever talk about that ? 
  am serb . 
  have never heard of that saying . 
  my main problem here is that kosovo and crimea are very similar . 
  russia invades and takes over the huge military base , well the us bombed kosovo and built a huge military complex there too !,
