  not for many years at least . 
  but the thing is , macedonia is years and years away from joining . 
  if we push those who want to join - and who can make the effort - away , then they will stop trying so hard ... and we may even lose them . 
  we have seen it already with turkey . 
  we have to try to get countries to adapt , to change , so that they can fit in europe . 
  if we stop now , in 2013 , with croatia , i fear that europe will become inward looking and more and more insular . 
  a multinational america if you will . 
  and frankly i do n't want that . 
  one day we will have to stop . 
  but now is not that day . 
  we must keep trying . 
  i understand the aversion to austerity - however scotland 's deficit is the same as the rest of the uk 's . 
  its rather large . 
  something would have to be done even if it were to secede today . 
  they should go back to where the came from for sure . 
  my issue is that greece is * opposing * macedonia 's accession due to a naming issue . 
  i can understand the issue , i just do n't sympathise with this hardline stance . 
  wait , greece are still vetoing this ? 
  how ignorant and petty . 
  subway ? 
  out . 
  out . 
  out . 
  because those damn scots are all foreign . 
  one can learn how great kebabs are . 
  and also how to smile at customers . 
  if anything i would think we can learn more from turks than russians , but i think we can learn something from everyone . 
  after wwii , europe learnt a lot of economic lessons from the us . 
  but we learned other things from other cultures too . 
  embracing the positive aspects of other cultures is a good thing . 
  no one culture is perfect . 
  i am of the opinion that the culture ( s ) we have in europe are among the best in the world . 
  but that does not mean we can not learn from egyptians or thais . 
  i presume that 's how security was avoided . 
  i hope al qaeda are n't reading this ... 
  but meps interest should be all of europe , not petty national issues . 
  its ridiculous that they should be under pressure from state governments in the first place . 
  the states already have the council of ministers . 
  the european commission is not simply regulating one irish company buying another - it is regulating one large * european * company buying another . 
  it is monitoring the market to prevent a monopoly . 
  a job which i personally think is quite important with regards to the airline market . 
   * t * homas * roll * genius . 
   how 's that going to go down with the catholics ? 
  be grand . 
  to be fair to dave , he is my favourite tory in the cabinet . 
  granted , that 's not hard , but it 's still counts for something . 
  while i agree non-democracies should not have a say in the running of the internet this ... this is a shit analogy . 
  have you ? 
  maybe i have , kinda forget . 
  no harm in trying it again eh , what say you chap ? 
  it is treated as completely different to ` white ' in most instances , though . 
  so everyone should just pretend israel does n't exist ? 
  get your head out of the sand . 
  no ` they ' as a singularity are n't , and they are in no way a majority influence . 
  shut the fuck up . 
  at least martelfirst pretends to have logical reasons for his bigotry . 
  this could turn out to be a costly promise . 
  i hope all of europe can get behind sorting out mali but i am not naive enough to believe that it will . 
  * you ca n't explain that !, 
  unfortunately , it often takes high profile cases for an issue to come to light . 
  i agree that pseudo-celebrities should not get better treatment , but for better or worse they get much more attention . 
  well i guess russia is a country on our borders . 
  we see things all the time posted about turkey , why not more about a country which is much less nice to live in than it ? 
   so it 's not about the euro crisis , it 's about europe 's lack of a decision-making process , a lack of efficiency of this decision-making process and irresponsible behavior sometimes in some period of time in some member states . 
  whatever about the rest of what she said , i can certainly concur with this . 
  its worse because the emissions per unit energy produced are about 10 % worse than coal , and removing peat damages our natural environment unnecessarily . 
  transport is a fair point , had not thought about that . 
  personally i would like to see both heavily restricted , and soon . 
  except burning peat is even worse than coal and by rights should be banned , certainly for power generation . 
  i thought it was bnp that were all cosy with the retired terrorists , no ? 
  ukip certainly do support a lot of backward loyalist sentiment mind you . 
  good . 
  europe needs to stop mining and burning coal , so it can help others do the same across the world . 
  berlusconi wants to do a great many things , very few of them linked to the best interests of italian society . 
  this is a naive article in my opinion . 
  i hope its right , but i do n't think it will be . 
  we have already seen the insurgents cause hassle in areas the french moved on from . 
  there will be a lot of cleaning up to do in the desert areas at the very least , and i suspect its only a matter of time before we sadly see the first french casualty . 
  oh america certainly had the easy job in wwii , i 'm not saying otherwise . 
  european countries suffered so much more during the war , and after . 
  at the very least america saved western and southern europe from soviet oppression . 
  and without us aid to europe and the soviets before entering the war , who knows what may have happened . 
  america saving europe 's behind in wwii was regarded by many as military adventurism . 
  someone has to try to prevent tyranny . 
  if you are on about not keeping an eye on afghanistan post-soviet era then the us had a hand in afghanistan 's final collapse . 
  i do n't blame the us for getting involved in 2001 , but if they had actually tried harder to maintain global stability - above and beyond simply their own interests - such an intervention would likely not have been necessary . 
  of course , europe is and was even worse for being insular in this regard , but we are not the sole superpower . 
  yeah , those peaceful malians who didnt burn down libraries or chop of limbs were completely bitches of the [ evil , imperialist ] west . 
  if you want to live on an island with twelve hundred and seven al qaeda idealogues on your own feel free . 
  however i do not want anyone - especially anyone here in europe - to suffer a realistic threat from them . 
  this is not iraq . 
  and unlike afghanistan , the legitimate government still controlled the most important parts of the country . 
  france is wanted in mali - peace is wanted . 
  the former colonists wont be welcome forever but they are fucking wanted now while people 's freedom is at stake . 
  first thought upon reading this headline : naples run their buses on natural gas now ? 
  how forward thinking !, 
  it would be one thing if they were mere ethnic separatists - but they are not . 
  northern mali came under the control of a very dangerous taliban esque group . 
  al qaeda linked groups have already wreaked havoc in nigeria , do we really want to give them their own state ? 
  they wont just stop there .
