  how is that good in any way ? 
  fortunately countries with far smaller militaries such as denmark and norway stepped up instead . 
  of course , we still had to rely on the us to deal with the remnants of the military of a country of some 6 million people . 
  i mean my god , it was horrific . 
  we spend so much on our military yet could n't even manage that on our own , when we were the ones who pressed for it . 
  as for nato , someone had to do it . 
  it 's rather interesting that creationism only really took off in the 80s there - i suppose in a way not too dissimilar to parts of the us . 
  the difference is the curriculum is set at the national level . 
   70 years, 
   lithuania was a part of the ussr and is also doing well . 
  hence why i mentioned 70 years . 
  there was no one left in ukraine with memories of the pre-soviet days , no untouched intelligentsia . 
  it 's disingenuous to blame ukraine 's problems on lack of work ethic . 
  it has been much harder to rebuild for the states that were part of the ussr for 70 years . 
  fascinating pictures !, 
  thank you , really quite informative . 
  well , the brits burned down the white house in 1812 . 
  the brits did far worse things than shelling the gpo , i would n't get too upset personally over that incident . 
  probably worth noting she tried to frame someone else too : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/italy/10343740/amanda-knox-accused-bar-owner-to-divert-suspicion-over-meredith-kercher-murder.html now to be fair , that does not mean she is guilty . 
  but it certainly reflects terribly on her , that she would have someone else spend decades in prison . 
  and it definitely adds weight to the concept of her being culpable . 
  that said , when a doctor said it 's virtually impossible , they are not simply dampening hopes . 
  still , one can hope he can regain much of his prior level of functioning . 
  well to an extent cultural sophistication is very subjective . 
  but yes russia in general seems to be far too accustomed to oppression , for many there , putin 's rule entails a good degree of relative freedom , although most europeans would rightly abhor it . 
  that looks very dramatic , but you have to remember that ukraine has a third of russia 's population , a seventh of the united states ' . 
  obviously the percentage owned by the top 50 is going to generally grow as population sizes diminish . 
  sadly not really . 
  see rise of fn , antisemitism . 
  jesus , so much bad history here . 
  you do realise the nazis planned to exterminate the soviet populace ? 
  i guess that does n't fit in with your ideology . 
  yes , the soviets under stalin were brutal . 
  however , while there were things that resulted in millions of deaths , there was never an industrialised extermination of roma and jews , along with other ` undesirables ' . 
  no , that was the nazis . 
  to be fair , gadaffi claimed a lot of things . 
  the connection with berlusconi interests me much more . 
  ah , so you 're american . 
  and of course in any country with military industry there will be inherent forces pushing for use of military might , i 'm sure that 's at play in sweden too . 
  however sweden is not part of nato and is historically neutral ( even if they certainly are n't now ) , they chose to do this themselves . 
   i dont really know what the swedish involvement is within whatever war they 're in . 
  it 's always good to inform oneself then . 
  and stopping the taliban really is n't as easy as one might think . 
  indeed , but in this case those swedish troops are trying to stop the bully from doing the pushing around . 
   is it cynical of me to think that russia has a vested interest in keeping ukraine out of the eu for what they see as reasons of security and economics ? 
  not at all , it 's common sense . 
  just as it 's in our interest to do the exact same thing ( to keep them out of russia 's sphere of influence as much as possible ) . 
  i think anyone who finds this stuff ` cool ' , will find things such as huge dams , offshore windfarms , etc to be so likewise . 
  the fact is , we * have * to develop fusion at some stage . 
  and with climate change , the sooner the better . 
  ah thank you . 
  personally , i think ensuring countries are stable is a gain for the world . 
  but perhaps it 's not so tangible . 
   yes , but the difference is that the far-left is actually mainstream and socially accepted in germany while everything right the centre is `` omg nazis !!! 11eleven '' . 
  this has been preventing us from doing effective immigration policies and international engagement ever since . 
  well , i would say that blind isolationism is a problem in both right and left , nevermind adding the far - prefix . 
  in my country for example we are not part of nato , did not send a real contingent to afghanistan , etc. 
  has the pm made a statement yet ? 
  i bet the government do n't even care , so disconnected from the ordinary people . 
  the point is we have . 
  we have n't tried to threaten , or bribe , unlike a certain neighbour . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  i dont understand the intricacies . 
  and the the isolationist right who say we shouldnt help `` savages '' . 
  both types can be seen in any comment section sadly . 
  why would n't they be ? 
  you are n't making any logical coherent sense , sorry . 
  my point is that this is not a jewish issue against muslims , it 's an israeli one against palestinians . 
  whether those palestinians be christian or muslim matters little . 
  i do n't understand what you are saying . 
  both would get equally bad ( or good ) treatment as such . 
  some like to play it up as a muslim-jewish conflict i suppose , which really ignores the history of most of the palestinian paramilitary groups . 
  not jewish = / = muslim . 
  `` muslims '' are not the only victims here . 
  plenty of christian palestinians , although because of their previous location they tend to be less likely to be refugees in the actual opt . 
  actually turkey 's meddling in north cyprus is a fair point , but on the other hand north cypriots benefit from turkey 's funding and such , and they are not stealing land or anything . 
  oh yeah , i do n't disagree . 
  a sad situation indeed , one can only hope for a brighter future for them . 
  well you know , bosnia was also torn apart by war , and suffered massacres and wide spread ethnic cleansing . 
  we all can recall what bosnian serbs did in srebrenica to those poor bosniaks . 
  everything is better with that sort of contrast . 
   netanyahu is n't completely wrong on this one . 
  ah , well that can be said about anything really . 
  netanyahu is not a good man . 
  yes , a lot of the criticism is one sided , but on the other hand israel is the only developed nation to be actively colonising somewhere right now . 
  not to mention their blatant disregard for what we tell them , despite backing them ( certainly in the case of the americans , and french also , i mean it was the french who helped them most on the nuclear front ) . 
   or perhaps one that 's more relevant to europe , `` those fucking muslims '' indeed . 
  whatever about `` those fucking israelis '' , the `` fucking jews '' comment is unacceptable . 
  are you sure ? 
  certainly in ireland , in the last 2 years there is a great deal of hospital work , with patients and such . 
  the problem of course is that the brain drain has to end somewhere , generally quite poor third world countries . 
  for example , i know a guy from sudan , both his parents are doctors . 
  they make up for the shortfall resulting from doctors emigrating to australia , the uk , etc , but no one makes up for the shortfall in sudan . 
  probably , any excuse for prejudice . 
  it 's funny he says that , i could have sworn / u/neutralgreek was a greek second gen immigrant who posts nothing but far right grecocentric propaganda , about how greece will ` rise again ' . 
  it 's bizarre . 
  anyway , i have n't come across any problematic greeks here mind you , have n't heard of any issues ( or of many greeks i suppose here ) . 
   it 's a media thing , in the uk it was all about the irish and then the polish and then for a little bit it was the irish ( for about a week after their economy completely crashed ) . 
  then it became romanians and bulgarians because oh no they 're going to be treated like every other eu country . 
  ah , i find it hilarious how irish immigrants are causing ` problems ' in australia right now .
