  they belong to all of them . 
  i 'm pretty sure they are other taxes hollande could cut instead that wouldnt hurt the environment . 
  i like him but he needs to keep down the populism . 
  they really are a quality paper . 
  especially when you look at the irish examiner . 
  comparing the stories they had regarding politicians , banks and developers through the boom years , you can see how fair and balanced the times was and how utterly biased the examiner was . 
  they are great for pretty much every field of news , from international politics to the premier league . 
  could do with seeing more of it in / r/europe for sure !, 
  in the weeks before france capitulated to the nazis , it was actually the french who refused to unite with the uk . 
  if they had , many lives and much equipment would have been saved ( overseas france and her colonies , and the french navy ) . 
  unfortunately the french felt that britain was trying to steal their colonies and territories . 
  this idea lingered for a while , the two countries had a lot in common , especially when it came to empire . 
  was n't this a problem during the munich olympic hostage taking ? 
  the bavarians did n't have adequate equipment or training , but could n't use the resources of the bundeswehr . 
  anyway i think military equipment should be used during natural disasters etc. 
  they are designed for fairly extreme conditions , and the people operating them are trained for them . 
  i do n't really think celtic is the correct term :p a lot of the uprisings were led by lords of an anglo-norman background . 
  even later a lot of support for home rule came from landowners who only arrived during the plantations . 
  i do n't think xenophobia is a huge problem in most of europe . 
  for a lot of countries , the influx of immigrants from other european nations is a new thing . 
  however in this case i think its just a case of getting used to it . 
  there are n't large cultural differences once you get past language . 
  i do n't think there is any argument for putting quotas on immigration from other eu states . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , people , via their governments have entered into a union willingly , and we have responsibilities towards them as they do towards us . 
  if they have contributed to social welfare schemes they are as entitled to get the benefits as anyone else . 
  same with healthcare , education , etc. 
  as for non europeans ( in a union context ) , i think we do have the right to restrict their immigration . 
  illegal immigration should not be tolerated , we must ensure legal routes have adequate systems in place . 
  it must be noted that a lot of the immigrants we get from places like india are highly qualified and are a benefit no matter what the economic conditions are . 
  yes , culturally they can be very different and we must ensure they adopt positive aspects of european and western culture , but allow room for their own traditions to providing they respect human rights etc. 
  anyone want to point out any negatives of this ? 
  hate to piss on the parade but i 'd like to know . 
   at that time , it was thought that the greek economy would only contract by 4.5 percent this year only 4.5 % . 
  that sounds terrible in the first place . 
   but now it appears that this figure will be closer to 7 percent 7 % . 
  a seven percent contraction after nearly half a decade of economic contraction . 
  now that ... that 's fucked up . 
  i do n't know what we should do . 
  but i think that austerity is hopeless for greece . 
  europe has to do something significant , i do n't know what , though . 
  my sympathies to the greeks . 
  i think we should try and get an mep with decent english to do an iama in the relevant sub-reddit . 
  doubt we 'd get the man himself . 
  i saw a us federal representative do one a while ago , worked out pretty well ( democrat , liberal and plays mmorpgs , obvious appeal to reddit 's base ) . 
  if you really think that you have no idea what the jews suffered in wwii . 
  stop with the holocaust guilt tripping people . 
  enough is enough . 
  i do not fucking hate greece . 
  i 'm european . 
  my family do n't . 
  they 're european . 
  friends . 
  acquaintances . 
  no hate . 
  maybe . 
  hell no . 
  why would you trust the eu government so much more than the uk one though ? 
  most eu countries are in nato , bar ireland , sweden , finland and austria . 
  you do n't want nuclear weapons , who does ? 
  but they are necessary . 
  zero compromise , party whip system and executive dominance ? 
  sums up most parliaments in europe from catalonia 's to europe 's . 
  you want to see the opposite of that system , look at the us . 
  not a pretty picture at all . 
  the unfortunate thing is , your arguments will one day apply to the eu . 
  your nationalism is understandable but is lacking in reason . 
   we do have our own parliament , but we have very little economic control over our country in relation to tax and currency . 
  you 'll have more taxation powers under a federal europe compared to the uk , but you wo n't have direct control of the euro and many macroeconomic policies . 
   and we have no say over defence matters . 
  scots do n't want their soldiers sent abroad to fight , murder and die for the suits of westminster . 
  we do n't want trident . 
  a ) you have a vote , ie a say . 
  scotland voted for labour which invaded iraq . 
  b ) suits of westminster , pssh rhetoric . 
  c ) it is likely scots will be dying due to military decisions of the european executive and parliament in several decades d ) europe will have a nuclear deterrent partially paid for by scotland ... now to be fair , i agree with this :  england does n't have a parliament because there has n't been enough support for it in england . 
  no campaigns or anything , because the last thing the suits of westminster want is divided powers . 
  they want it all for themselves . 
  the failure of the regional assemblies to create a fairer federalistic uk seems unfortunate . 
  aside from the economics this is precisely my opinion . 
  europe means so much to me . . to us . 
  finland and ireland have similar populations and are on the periphery . 
  we can only achieve so much on our own . 
  we can not go out into space , or fight environmental policies as our countries are simply to powerless . 
  but with europe , we can , together with hundreds of millions of other like minded people . 
  this dream , born of the ashes of wwii , ca n't simply be left to die . 
  it ca n't . 
  i 'm really wondering who made this chart . 
  feels like the figures were plucked out of thin air . 
  i live in ireland and the last thing i fucking want is to leave the euro . 
  even if its just germany and us left , no fucking way . 
  this talk of leaving the euro is not the solution . 
  everyone needs to get it their heads that the euro must continue , not just germans . 
  i do n't think romney is really liked in europe and that may hinder him , nut not as much as you might think . 
  his economic policies will likely leave the us weaker but congress has a huge say on that front . 
  i am worried more on the military front , but romney is not the idiot bush was . 
  so as a european , i would prefer to see obama being the leader of the us , but if i was an actual resident i would be scared of the prospect of romney , us citizens are fucked over so much already , look at the statistics , and romney will not make things any better for them, 
  i think most european countries without monarchies have ceremonial/non-executive presidents . 
  in ireland we have one and he 's fine , a short elderly statesman who enjoys writing poetry . 
  if we had a royal family like other european countries i would n't mind , they add something interesting and would be a tourist attraction . 
  also cool being able to pick out royals at say , the olympics .
