  in 2013 most republicans would n't let obama take action . 
  now their guy does it , they 're all for it . 
  if the gop had n't taken control of the house in 2010 this would n't have mattered - but the american people decided they deserved to control a chunk of the federal government . 
  this goes for supporters too - a similar amount of self described democrats supported strikes in 2013 and 2017 . 
  yet far more republicans supported them in 2017 . 
  how can we be allied with the us on this basis , when the strongest party wants to fuck the world up - just look at how they deny climate change and threaten friendly neighbours like mexico ? 
  quite unfortunate to see the czechs voting against ( one of 9 un states to do so ) . 
  delighted to see that germany abstained though , i had assumed they would vote against also . 
  this is exactly what we need - more private space ( and military ) innovation from new startups . 
  the infrastructure ( physical , social , economic , etc. ), 
  needs to be put in place to encourage these things . 
  r&d needs to become a bigger and bigger sector of europe 's economy . 
  central european jews ( the ones famed for their high iqs and educational achievement ) , do not make up a very big proportion of israel 's population today . 
  a lot went to the us , uk ... and of course there was the holocaust . 
   - hey , russia , denationalize all your industries and we 'll let you in wto . 
  russia sells everything , get 's in a huge economic crisis , still not in wto for the next 15 years every ex-communist country that 's now in the eu did this with a percentage of the problems russia brought on itself . 
  it fucked up . 
   - hey , russia , do you mind if we bomb serbia . 
  oh , you do ? 
  still , let 's bomb them meh , who cares . 
  its not like russia cares about human rights . 
  are you seriously trying to imply that the us is less civilised than * russia * ? 
  its been minus degrees celsius every morning here in cork , but the sun has been shining pretty consistently . 
  some cloud cover to keep me warm would n't go amiss :(, 
  in all fairness , it is a popular sentiment , one i would share to an extent . 
  i think its a bad reflection on / r/europe that this article , which , while coming from a source with an agenda ( much like most sources posted here ) , does offer a relatively reasoned view , has been so downvoted . 
  yes , the uk have been cunts regarding the operation of europe over the last few months . 
  but in this instance , certainly from some of the biggest net-contributors perspective , the brits are not to blame for the break down as such . 
  how can we scapegoat britain without focusing on the netherlands ' desire for a deeper cut , or france 's unwavering defence of the cap ? 
  it does indeed have nothing to do with it , never said i thought that was the case . 
  i just think that luxembourg has an awful lot of institutions , for such a wealthy state . 
  well because cap is about securing food supplies for everyone , while cohesion funding needs to be focused on areas that need it . 
  the luxembourg situation is a joke alright though , hard to justify it . 
  very easy for juncker to make these comments . 
  i think that germany 's consistent support of israel has been very damaging to european foreign policy . 
  there is still a lack of realism here , and guilt . 
  it doesnt seem to go away , unfortunately . 
  i 'm not sure giving it to the un is a good idea , even with safeguards , given the fact that the un is made up of sovereign countries , many of whom are not particularly democratic . 
  not particularly free , or both . 
  i have nothing against the un , but sad as it sounds i think the internet is safer in the hands of the us . 
  i would like if the us , europe and a few other democratix places could just quietly share the regulation of the internet . 
  ah theres no need for you to apologise for the imperialism of the past , or whatever . 
  however you mention things like tea and common law . 
  yes most commonwealth countries ( and 4 european member states ) use common law , and this does have its cultural influences , but not massive ones . 
  tea is a discussion topic , some little thing we have in common . 
  but its not about how we see the world . 
  you talk to indians about foreign policy , and what they care about is completely different to here . 
  talk to nigerians of economics , or product standards or whatever and they will have completely different views . 
  talk to other europeans and you will oft find much common ground , not far off as you would with your countrymen . 
  i would agree that say , that britain is more similar to new zealand or australia than a lot of europe . 
  maybe even to the rapidly americanising canada . 
  but kenya ? 
  you could not have a loose democratic commonwealth free trade confederation . 
  india would have at least 5 times the voting power of the uk . 
  nigeria would likewise have more . 
  countries which have little in common with you would be the ones in effect making decisions . 
  its not like europe where the slight differences are offset by massive economic benefits . 
  sorry for the massive essay !, 
   the commonwealth as an alternative block is appealing because of the uniformity of ideals , as well as at this point in time the commonwealth being ( afaik ) in much better shape than the eurozone . 
  i do n't think anyone is dreaming anything other than a bilateral agreement , however . 
  in all fairness , thinking nigeria or india have the same ideals as a european country like the uk is a bit far fetched , one must admit that . 
   as long as we do n't have any military capacity to invade countries , we use diplomacy to solve our problems . 
  eu 's foreign policy ( if there is one ... ) obviously have a problem when some countries follows us ' current fad . 
  all countries try to exert influence on other countries , that is just normal . 
  in all fairness , just because we do n't use military force on a european level now , does n't mean we wo n't use it when we actually have the capability at a union level . 
  i have said it before , and i 'll say it again , do n't assume europe wont look out for its own interests in a negative sense , like our nation states do today . 
  that was a great translation effort , very good work !, 
  quite an interesting and informative inforgraphic too . 
  not right now , no . 
  germany which would wield a lot of influence is really quite dodgy on the foreign policy front , for now its better for the uk and france , who i trust much more on this matter , to represent europe as such . 
  thank you . 
  i find it interesting that in feint1 's mind , the irishman contributing to this article is european , but apparently the people of great britain are not . 
  i have no idea why you are being downvoted . 
  imo , while it has a somewhat central location , giving so much institutions to such a wealthy territory like luxembourg , is ridiculous . 
  put the core governing bodies in brussels , other bodies can be somewhat more decentralised . 
  ha , the pictures ` manly bishops ' conjures up . 
  orb\u00e1n really , really seems like a dangerous , self serving figure . 
  i hope some sort of alternative comes to power and moves hungary back into the 21st century . 
  i love how these articles always find the most evil looking picture possible of the person being reported on . 
  i was referring to black labour , possibly picked a bad post of yours to respond too . 
  friedman is n't quite about libertarian economics , to be fair . 
  its not about illegal immigrants , its about illegal work practices . 
  its difficult all right . 
  i guess the only way would be with international guarantees . 
  there would have to be a constitution too that would guarantees equal rights for all people living in israel/palestine . 
  in northern ireland the supervision of the british government ( and to a lesser extent the irish one ) , was the only way a settlement became workable . 
  obviously ni was a far milder conflict , and was mainly between the working class on both sides , but the concept can be seen here . 
  over the last few months i have come to the conclusion that a two state solution is high on impossible . 
  a one state solution , where palestinians would be entitled to the same healthcare , education , benefits , and opportunities as israelis in a secular state may now be the only workable option due to israel 's efforts at colonisation . 
  it would be the ultimate irony , if in their attempt to destroy the palestinian people , the jewish fundamentalists of the israeli hard right destroyed the worlds only jewish state , by integrating palestinians , and it becoming secular . 
  a sad situation all in all , but i am coming around to the idea of a non apartheid secular single state solution , guaranteed by europe and the rest of the west . 
  colours . 
  its funny , i see this thing all the time about obama leading america down greece 's path from republicans and misinformed people . 
  hardly accurate . 
   in good ol holy catholic/bureaucratic ireland oh great , lets put ourselves down . 
  i do n't think ireland is relatively awful on the bureaucratic front . 
  i dont see how catholicism even enters this discussion . 
  also , of course we would be against any reduction in cap , its what keeps us from being a proportionally big contributor , even if cap should by rights be reduced . 
  yeah , but they are developing heavier launchers . 
  ariane 5 has the advantage now .
