  while i have no doubt that russia is quite often malicious , this article appears to be quite sensationalist . 
  well , certainly seems like a better idea than gambling the stock market . 
  makes sense to me . 
  yeah , i agree . 
  well , for that , have the commission president come from parliament ( prime minister in effect ) , and maybe make the entire commission heads of ministries meps . 
  and sharply reduce the council of ministers power . 
   power-hungry third world nations ( except maybe israel ) well , i guess israel is n't third world ... 
  i 'd like to here more about this too . 
  we have to pay french maghrebis minimum wage too . 
  bad buzz man . 
  is that a muffled sound i hear ? 
  maybe its just the wind ... 
  the colonies good chap . 
  they are actually really decent quality , at least in new york city . 
  i think catalunya has the best females though . 
  the poor man made a grammatical error , thus confusing you :d, 
  we still pay more overall , certainly in places like ireland . 
  does n't look a day over 45 , lets be honest . 
  we have to pay them more though . 
  while that actually has a strand of logic , that is fairly retarded . 
  but anyway , overseas netherlands is best netherland . 
  fuckit anything between 1800 and 1922 was ours . 
  i 'll take some credit anyway  _  besides , look at our museums . 
  please do n't , your current federal prime minister is europe 's coolest head of government . 
  yeah that 's fair enough , it is all subjective really . 
  there is a problem , but it can easily be distorted , and singling out turkey is somewhat unfair in itself . 
  it is europe :d, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/srebrenica_massacre please . 
  read this . 
  read it as if you were not brought up with biases . 
  pretend to be chilean . 
  oric , is alleged to have failed to prevent the deaths of bosnian serbs in captivity . 
  pretty bad yes . 
  certainly in a developed society . 
  but ratko ... ratko had a goddamn genocide carried out . 
  deliberate measures were taken to ethnically cleanse a population - the murder of 8,300 boys and men . 
  you can not consider this man a hero . 
  you are of sound mind , and of seemingly above average intelligence . 
  still , i hate how the british press seem to be able to lie so much . 
  the sooner they sort out press regulation the better . 
   do you have a source ? 
  no one has ever `` condoned '' a massacre . 
  the serbian military harboured [ ratko_mladi\u0107 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ratko_mladi\u0107#indictment_by_the_icty ) , and it seems that the serbian people did on the whole not find this abhorrent . 
  a man who should have been sent to the hague in chains . 
  not to mention all the denials we still see today . 
   no , those were n't the only options . 
  if they were , what the hell was the point of kfor and all the other operations ? 
  arming a terrorist organization should never be an option . 
  nobody wants their own boots on the ground . 
  wait , we can !, 
  all we have to do is acquire some colonies !, 
  wait this discussion happened before . 
  poor old mercantilism . 
   having said that , one thing i 've never worked out yet , is why did the west back one side over another ? 
  well you know , serbia basically rampaged through yugoslavia over perceived injustices ( too little power and such ) , and tried to create a greater serbia . 
  the serb forces showed a willingness to let non-serbs be rounded up , and killed or forced out . 
  the sad thing about the balkans is that europe didnt take sides , and america had to . 
  thousands of europeans died because of this european inaction . 
  the kla was a paramilitary organisation . 
  however it was a case of arming them or letting other forces have their bloody way . 
  nothing is black and white , but serbia bears more burden of responsibility for what happened than kosovo , let 's be honest . 
  serb forces simply could not be trusted , what with their condoning of massacres and such . 
  this article looks a bit dodgy at best , however all this constant droning criticism of spain drives me mad . 
  this grouping of ` southern european bold countries ' is really a bit frustrating . 
  spain seems to be mentioned more often than ireland , yet ireland was the one with the 30 % of gdp deficit and was humiliated due to its shitty policies . 
  anyway , if spain becomes more competitive , that will make germany and nl less competitive in relation to it . 
  we all ca n't become super competitive as such . 
   spain had more industry before maastricht . 
  to be fair , i 'd say that goes for most european countries , as a proportion of workforce and gdp at least . 
  why ? 
  china , and other industrialising countries with both decently educated populaces , and surplus labour , and also low workforce costs . 
  well , every individual state thinks it can get its victory - look at france and the cap , for example . 
  however at the end of the day everyone suffers more this way , some just suffer less than others . 
  if one good thing comes from this maybe some more germans will see that constant austerity is not working while all of europe is in the doldrums . 
  push ahead with reforms sure , but we need more investment . 
  you want to involve ... non-europeans ? 
  i think we need federation anyway . 
  confederation is what leads to things like this . 
  i 'll take a european pm over merkollande any day . 
  another person from the faroes ? 
  this is like a full on invasion . 
  oh i do n't think mandarin will become that , such speculation is a bit silly alright . 
  indeed , my point was that while more people do speak spanish , a lot of it is about context . 
  you 'll find a lot less people speaking spanish non-natively than french , i.e , more of the ` elites ' are likely to speak french , where it counts as such . 
  no it 's not , i 'll just let my bias put it down to the telegraph being shit . 
  i am ashamed to say i had to google this . 
  in austria , as far as i know , the sanctions were organised by individual member states . 
  i would just rather that it was contrary to european law and the commission itself could take action , without requiring member states agreement . 
  it happened because the european executive ca n't impinge on state sovereignty or such shit . 
  some of this stuff that is going on should be being discussed in a european court , unfortunately that is impossible . 
  the only radical change grillo seems to bring is confusion and discord . 
  sure that is change !, 
  but it is shitty change ... 
  to be fair , a few decades ago , people seemed to think that spanish would become a lingua franca as such . 
  nowadays it is mandarin that is spoke of in such terms . 
  neither are like to surpass english . 
  anyway , the article makes a decent argument , although i would like to see more statistics . 
  the number for french native speakers is only for those people who speak it as a first language . 
  however french has twice as many second language users as spanish does . 
  personally , i would rather french , simply because i ca n't speak spanish .
