  45 minutes to the hauptbanhof from the airport on the s-bahn , look around the city centre for a few hours , get the 90 minute train to salzburg for $ 20ish . 
  the us invaded ukraine ? 
  what apologism ? 
  do any europeans say shit like that though ? 
  except this was one of the most avoidable conflicts in decades . 
  all russia had to do was not launch an unprovoked invasion . 
  this was n't like saddam pissing off the world and oppressing his population , or nationalists and communists clashing in 40s china . 
  muh superdelegates . 
  jesus you guys would kill yourselves if you lived in europe . 
  fair . 
   ceta , were tough sells in both places . 
  in parts of europe like wallonia . 
  hardly an issue in ireland for example . 
  how do you mean ? 
  americans in general seem to hate the idea of parties adjusting to voters . 
  i mean europeans do too but we have a bunch of parties so there is n't the same need for such electoral realpolitik . 
  if you suggest giving up on passing gun laws that have no evidence you get shrieked at for being republican lite , or if you 're a republican and listen to an economist you 're a filthy liberal . 
  like 80k work in coal , i do n't think you can explain it simply with coal . 
  so you adjust to the voters then . 
  you do n't simply complain without offering solutions . 
  why would prime ministers need term limits when you have ambitious members of the parliamentary party ? 
  i think it 's fair to say there 's a broader european culture even if national cultures are what define areas . 
  pretty complicated . 
  i mean the average black american understands climate change better than the average white american . 
  well clinton did n't even break 50 % of the vote for a reason . 
  people like you have to figure out a coalition that can get 55-60 % of the vote . 
  if only you could actually tax well off people and use that to fund a civilised society ? 
  perhaps too much to ask judging by how even california freaks out over tax rises . 
  i guess i like the idea of it being a palace for the people . 
  yes it 's a building but it symbolises so much , it 's something people had to fight for . 
  ah well i feel like most 19th century parliaments are very much of the `` palace of democracy '' at least on the exterior . 
  much nicer than the scottish or slovakian parliaments imo . 
  your one ? 
  it 's homely, 
  ahah i know . 
  i saw those random cuboids . 
  i was just delighted i got to see parliament before it was ripped apart !, 
  people used to go there for entertainment , apparently parliamentarians would throw ink at each other and bang pots . 
  delighted i got a cheap tour earlier in june . 
  got to sit in the worn seats and all . 
  the scottish parliament is awful imo . 
  i prefer the palace of democracy aesthetic . 
  lies !, 
  i got a tour around it three weeks ago , it 'll be around for the summer . 
  yet look how successful the likes of slovakia have been ... 
  i was wondering what those meant . 
  bizarre , makes hungary look like a banana republic . 
  when i heard he wanted to `` restore dignity to the office '' asshole alert alarm bells went off for me . 
  this seems to be part of it ... dunno why he 'd piss of the media . 
  i really liked munich , but i definitely think you need high rises outside of the city centre . 
  paris does this very well with la d\u00e9fence . 
  because there 's no need to overhype things . 
  i mean the us funded federalist movements in europe . 
  the problem is that while the us was a fair ally to us then , today russia is directly hostile to us . 
  iraq is corrupt , not hostile to us . 
  i would certainly take them before a country that is incredibly hostile to europe . 
  i know that , there was just a woman in the poster who looked like she was . 
  i was wondering if jobbik were rowing back on the far right stuff . 
  nope !, 
  http://hungarytoday.hu/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/gaborvona-749x415.jpg this guy front and centre . 
  because it 's germany 's decision . 
  i never said germany was evil ... but i think we can all agree this is an understandably divisive project and we should maintain a united front , right ? 
  no no , it 's clearly pro-jobbik . 
  front and centre is a guy in his early 40s ( late 30s ) . 
  we should end it . 
  it 's bullshit . 
  it should have stopped in 2014 . 
  you want to be pally with russia get them to build a reactor or something . 
  i found the jobbik ads in budapest interesting . 
  i could have sworn one of their `` backers '' in one ad looked quite jewish ... are jobbik going to try and get more jewish voters or am i reading too much into their moderation ? 
  well you all have the right to secede . 
  pis supporters and germans , smh . 
  jesus that top 19 article was bizarre , written by a bot or what ? 
  yeah european unions would quickly end in disaster i 'd say . 
  we 're a confederation . 
  i 'm sure some of these jobs will be in sex work ? 
  would n't it make sense to use excess renewable capacity to desalinate water and fill such basins though ? 
  you 'd only use excess power ( high wind/solar generation , given how you need excess installed capacity of renewables ) . 
  you 'd create lakes for farming and climate control , and remove water from oceans to have some little impact on sea level rises . 
  kinda bizarre how the michigander republican legislature was returned in november . 
  well imagine if hollande had taken the german approach ... 
  rip . 
  would more resources have helped much ? 
  this sounds like some sort of freak firestorm . 
  that poor fleeing family in the car . 
  his view was that british forces should pull out and leave ni to the republic . 
  how would we have dealt with that ? 
  well he wanted to abandon ni for example . 
  that would have been a clusterfuck . 
  how would you describe the uk or france ? 
  not a suitable leader for a uk that is active in global diplomacy . 
  but if we think of the uk as say , serbia , he is fine . 
  exactly . 
  he could offer a vision of hope , and could rally people . 
  thing is he has no business being the leader of a great power , especially given how anti-west he is ... but i guess the uk no longer wants that role . 
  democrats never had a supermajority per se . 
  however for a few months the democratic coalition ( including independent conservative joe lieberman ) did . 
  well with their population , no . 
  china has contributed far less to the carbon burden . 
  it is also a developing country with four time 's the us 's population .
