  i wonder if there 's scope for working with the somali federal government to allow us to talk to safe somali states about repatriation . 
   they should have kept their yaps shut and let the american people make their own choice without interference . 
  sure , once the us has a credible path to reducing its carbon emissions by 97 % by 2050 , as opposed to currently having twice our emissions per capita and a climate change denying leader . 
  this is why we have to be so wary of russophilic propaganda outlets that lie and obfuscate . 
  they pose a clear and present danger to our democracy , but my liberal instincts do n't help me find a way to deal with that . 
  maybe i 'm wrong . 
  right , but people have a right to make an asylum claim do n't they ? 
  as i 've said , i would support keeping people in extraterritorial areas , but that costs a lot more money than the $ 4m worth of somalian police salaries . 
  sure , but they have a right to claim asylum . 
  egypt for example is n't a safe country right now . 
  maybe algeria is , but not egypt . 
  now of course , i have called for external camps for quite a while now , but i assure you , that 's a lot more expensive than what , spending $ 4m on somalian police salaries . 
  what 's your solution ? 
  unfortunately you generally will keep getting obfuscation . 
  the ultimate solution is simply killing these people i suppose , if you do n't do anything at all . 
  100 % agree . 
  this is the sort of stuff that will save us money if we 're farsighted . 
  we need to provide security and reduce birth rates through education , family planning provision and maternal healthcare . 
  disaster aid is all well and good for say indonesia , but for burkina faso or somalia its pointless without ensuring another 2 people are n't going to die or end up cretinic for every 1 you help . 
  of course , we also need to avoid a neocolonial backlash . 
  plebiscites could be used to ensure support for interventions in some countries to justify some actual neocolonialism . 
  european oversight of the judicial system could go a long way . 
  sorry , i should n't have been so flippant . 
  everyone can benefit by talking these things through with someone . 
  everyone goes off the rails at times , you often need help to get back in touch with reality . 
  yes i remember when merkel said that ... jesus mate , argue about things in some sort of factual reality . 
  otherwise your family will think you 're unhinged and try to get you some sort of professional help . 
   on saturday , october 29 , day of the event for the yes to the referendum in piazza del popolo , rt , russia today , the powerful network written in english and funded by the russian government with 2,500 employees , also one of the most viral tools of the pro putin propaganda system in western countries , reported the news as follows : `` thousands of people are flooding the streets of roma to protest against italian prime minister matteo renzi , who initiated a referendum on constitutional reform , which is to be held on december 4 . 
  people fear that the reforms , aimed at disempowering the senate , will lead to more power in the hands of the president '' . 
  while the title of facebook livestream was : `` protests against italian prime minister hit rome '' . 
  fact check : that day there surely was a rally , but in favor of the yes . 
  by spreading a completely opposite version of reality , the live russian television web has reached one million and half direct contacts ; not counting its going viral . 
  since this has not been russia 's first intrusion into the italian political debate , italian diplomacy has raised the case and complained with the kremlin . 
   wherever produced , lies and propaganda spread very well in the italian web scenario which is dominated by countless websites supporting the five stars movement . 
  many pro m5s twitter and facebook accounts , or facebook pages with thousands of friends , have in fact revived rt and ruptly , rt 's video agency based in berlin , along with other less exaggerated yet worst hoaxes . 
  hoaxes doomed to proliferate inside a propitious , designed architecture . 
  russian network has now corrected the title and made inaccessible some of the latest articles on italy , however we have the original screenshots . 
  on many other occasion the propaganda is subtler with its relentless mixing of some ( a few ) elements of truth to a great deal of falsehood and fake . 
  for example , on october 22 , rt dramatically emphasized a union protest against the jobs act , telling of an `` italy in revolt '' . 
  when renzi faced protestors in naples , it was described as `` scenes from the civil war '' . 
  a grotesque yet attractive exaggeration , perhaps aimed to the very young , or for those who do not belong to a defined web ecosystem how do we deal with this ? 
  this is what happened in america , an alternate reality was constructed where facts did n't matter . 
  the far right won enough votes to seize control , even if trump did n't win a plurality . 
  europe is not the us , if a bunch of pro-russians take over even one state , it means our diplomacy is screwed . 
  so unless european constitutional reform in that regard happens soon , this is a clear and present danger to european integrity . 
  brits out , too right . 
  so what happened to the millions of polish jews ? 
  where did 6 million jews go ? 
  why are nazis focused on exterminating jews instead of voting out these people then ? 
  well it would hurt all americans . 
  which makes it illogical unless you put white nationalism first . 
  ashton and hillary were instrumental in getting them to the table , hence `` laid down '' . 
  fortunately ashton stayed in office after she left . 
  racist tangent , what ? 
  what should be done about them ? 
  `` globalist elites '' ? 
  that 's interesting , never been a problem for me . 
  i doubt that italians are particularly defensive of islam ? 
  you realise algeria was n't on the terror watch list anyway , right ? 
  welp , looks like facebook news got to you . 
  how is she `` as corrupt as they come '' , and a `` warhawk '' when she laid down the iran deal for example ? 
  that was a big line of attack on her from trump who said he 'd attack iran . 
  the fact you 'd use this reasoning to support trump shows how actively misinformed you are . 
  and yeah , i 'm sure a socialist who 'd have to compete with michael bloomberg for democratic and independent votes would have * crushed * trump . 
  sigh . 
  you do n't realise how radicalised the us electorate is . 
  trump voters actively reject facts . 
  you do too . 
  whatever about brexit , yes trump 's election was objectively bad , unless you 're a white nationalist . 
  the man has no experience , intellect , insight , or redeeming qualities . 
  he 's not marine le pen , he has no political experience and no idea how government works . 
  this is what happens when a media bubble radicalises much a population , leading to the active rejection of factual reality . 
  you think we 've more in common with the yanks than the spanish after tuesday ? 
  i suppose i never got that being from cork . 
  the yanks are the westerners we 've the least in common with in my experience , would be a huge gulf if not for the shared language . 
  we 're all european citizens . 
  i 'm sure you 've friends from the baltics anyhow . 
  because we have to defend those who are attacked to ensure order is upheld . 
  not doing so would be political suicide . 
  pooled military resources should be at the disposal of a minority of member states at their request . 
  this would allow for say france + belgium + portugal to utilise eu transports , attack helicopters etc when intervening in mali . 
  this ensures say , the austrian government would not be obliged to participate while protecting european security . 
  preventing airstrikes on isis would likely damage european security . 
  pooled military resources should be at the disposal of a minority of member states at their request . 
  this would allow for say france + belgium + portugal to utilise eu transports , attack helicopters etc when intervening in mali . 
  this ensures say , the austrian government would not be obliged to participate while protecting european security . 
  pooled military resources should be at the disposal of a minority of member states at their request . 
  this would allow for say france + belgium + portugal to utilise eu transports , attack helicopters etc when intervening in mali . 
  this ensures say , the austrian government would not be obliged to participate while protecting european security . 
  pooled military resources should be at the disposal of a minority of member states at their request . 
  this would allow for say france + belgium + portugal to utilise eu transports , attack helicopters etc when intervening in mali . 
  this ensures say , the austrian government would not be obliged to participate while protecting european security . 
  pooled military resources should be at the disposal of a minority of member states at their request . 
  this would allow for say france + belgium + portugal to utilise eu transports , attack helicopters etc when intervening in mali . 
  this ensures say , the austrian government would not be obliged to participate while protecting european security . 
  pooled military resources should be at the disposal of a minority of member states at their request . 
  this would allow for say france + belgium + portugal to utilise eu transports , attack helicopters etc when intervening in mali . 
  this ensures say , the austrian government would not be obliged to participate while protecting european security . 
  president trump and russian aggression means europe has to rely on itself . 
  we ca n't betray our fellow citizens .
