  why do people seem to think barroso is an asshole ? 
  i do n't really have an opinion about it , but a lot of people seem bitter how he abandoned portugal . 
  i like renzi , but he does seem a bit to bolshy in some of his dealings in the council leaders . 
  your rajoy example seems to only reinforce this view for me . 
  thanks for your earlier write up btw !, 
  actually there has been a push to get more lads into primary teaching here , if i recall correctly . 
  ah , right , seems to have been pushed by the spd :  the women 's affairs minister , manuela schwesig of the social democrats , said she hoped the law would also promote change further down the pecking order of companies , whether those listed on the stock exchange or the smaller mittelstand firms . 
   `` this law is an important step for equality because it will initiate cultural change in the workplace , '' she told german radio . 
   chancellor angela merkel , who initially opposed the reform , told the bundestag on wednesday : `` it has been decided on and it is coming . 
  we can not afford to do without the skills of women . '' in all fairness 12 % on executive boards really is quite low . 
  still , a 30 % minimum strikes me as too high . 
  perhaps some intervention is needed though in that instance . 
   merkel not the chancellor i assume ? 
   it 's like claiming the prison system discriminates men because 90 % + of inmates are men . 
  well , i mean it does . 
  men get worse sentences then women for the same crimes . 
  but yeah , we should n't strive for equality of outcome . 
  ultimately , at the population level , men and women will make somewhat different life decisions - that 's not a big deal . 
  no one 's denying that . 
  the issue was when minor sexual assaults were transformed into `` mass rape '' . 
  but i suppose i 've never been one for talk of rape culture and such . 
   georgieva said that currently about 30 percent of commission senior managers and 33 percent of middle managers are women . 
  she said that many commission departments , including for communication , home affairs , justice , research and innovation , had hit the 40 percent target . 
  however , the commission is far behind its targets in several powerful departments , including competition , environment , single market and the eu 's anti-fraud office . 
  about 30 % sounds like there is little problem to me . 
  obviously different departments will have different makeups . 
  if there was some evidence of systemic bias i would say something else . 
   be that as it may , erdogan has been crying wolf for 3 years and been allied with them for alot longer . 
  some of the past `` gulenist '' crimes were actually erdogan 's . 
  so ... yeah . 
  i think this is a big issue . 
  erdo\u011fan has been talking shit for years , alienating everyone and anybody , distancing turkey from western allies . 
  when things do actually happen , it 's only understandable that our politicians are skeptical . 
  if erdo\u011fan wants more cooperation , he needs to end talk of death penalty , back away from authoritarianism ( such as the executive presidency ) and work towards a fairer media environment . 
   turkey has free and fair election well free at the polling booth , but the situation with media coverage and such makes it hard to describe as fair . 
  any other examples of extreme partisanship on behalf of renzi ? 
  indeed . 
  we are a family and should have been tough with greece in the 90s and 00s . 
  however we were n't , and sucking out money during the worst economic crisis in decades only makes things worse . 
  greece needs help from the rest of us . 
  it 's easy to see how unfair that is on the likes of estonia though . 
  indeed , debt would likely be in foreign currency . 
  so you 'd have both the state and many businesses defaulting , or at best dealing with higher debt servicing burdens . 
  greece was fucked either way , with the euro or drachma . 
  we should have forced them to reduce the deficit and introduce economic reforms before the financial crash , instead of trying to suck money out of the economy during the worst recession in decades . 
   greece could have been fine well , that 's generous . 
  a sovereign debt default would have meant heavy austerity and a lowered standard of living with the devaluation . 
   money was endless and then failing to collect tax these were all problems beforehand though - greece consistently ran the highest deficits in the west for three decades . 
  they should never have been allowed join before reform . 
  politicians knew the issues and ignored them . 
  but we 're a family and we failed to look out for them , so now we do need to help them with more debt relief . 
  yeah , the euro is n't necessarily some sort of burden , it just means you ca n't keep devaluing . 
  slovakia ( euro user ) grew more than poland over the last 8 years or so for example . 
  the issue however is that such a large currency area needs some form of fiscal transfers to redress imbalances in the medium term . 
   uranium mining is n't very friendly to lives either . 
  indeed . 
  neither is coal mining . 
  but one results in huge amounts of emissions and damages the lives not involved in its extraction . 
   carbon in the atmosphere , there are ways to easily get rid of it crazily expensive , require large amounts of energy . 
  how are you going to provide that energy ? 
   we 're wasting billions and destroying tap water drinkability in the process seems better than destroying lives in the third world . 
   that 's a more pressing matter for germans . 
  so a dodgy uranium store is more worrying than climate change , air pollution and fossil fuel dependence ? 
  thank god europe is n't full of direct democracies . 
  a silly decision indeed . 
  indeed . 
  it 's bizarre . 
  he 'll hurt the worst off most . 
   i think us has never been about wellfare too much , the obsession with trade deals is because a lot of manufacturing companies left the us and thus left people who do n't want wellfare , but a job , jobless . 
  but this is my point . 
  us has very high levels of employment . 
  there are actually * too much * hours being worked . 
  however due to lack of income transfers , free third level education , universal healthcare , people live very precarious lives . 
  free trade means the economy is more productive , which should be utilised to better everyone 's lives . 
  that 's what happens in europe . 
  it does not happen in the us . 
   fight illegal immigration indeed , important . 
   renegotiate trade deals this means nothing . 
  why and how do they need to be renegotiated ? 
  it 's a meaningless talking points by men with no understanding of economics . 
  at least with sanders it came from the right place , with trump its xenophobic `` foreigners stealing jobs '' bullshit ( as i outlined ) . 
  i 'm glad to see he pushed the democrats to support more healthcare provision , higher wages , better access to third level education , while making no progress on trade . 
   but at the very least they do n't render large portions of land uninhabitable for thousands of years in case of catastrophic failure . 
  they just inevitably pollute large areas . 
  it 's not a risk , it 's a certainty . 
  no matter how you look at it coal is more dangerous . 
  to public health , to land , to our future . 
  it really is bizarre how big an issue trade deals have become . 
  perhaps the republicans will have to realise that failing to provide a welfare state makes people hurt business interests ( as well as the interests of ordinary people , but it 's not like they care about them ) . 
  of course i doubt it . 
  they 'll probably learn that it 's even easier to gut welfare , just blame immigrants . 
  seems to be these days . 
  certainly do n't think snowden is a russian agent though . 
  he 's not pro-russian at all , he just has nowhere else to go . 
  also , trump does want to execute him so there 's that . 
   they still wo n't vote 3rd parties because passing laws in the us is so difficult . 
  the electoral system has n't changed much in two centuries . 
  they need a run off system at the very least . 
  still safer than the coal plants that replaced them a decade early , i do n't understand the point . 
  indeed .
