  please , educate yourself before making claims about a non-existent invasion . 
  perhaps if we had n't been so weak-willed assad would have been forced to negotiate . 
  he only came to the table with massive pressure on him , then left as soon as possible . 
   if they did , they 'd all die too . 
  good god , this is n't call of duty . 
  you ca n't really compare targeted strikes and say , the levelling of grozny . 
  when was an invasion planned ? 
  we should have intervened in 2011 in hindsight . 
  hopefully , while i do n't see any threat of massive genocide , the parallels with 30s germany are fairly stark . 
   a example would be a party that focuses on industry and another one that focuses on agriculture . 
  letting people choose what their country would become . 
  communist poland had this . 
  do you seriously think this is democracy ? 
  more importantly , do you think it actually responds to people 's wishes ? 
  the only time mps in east germany revolted for example , was over an abortion vote . 
  in your desired regimes elections mean little , parliaments are just rubber stamps . 
   the taliban are despicable , but so is the saudi regime , yet the americans have no problem selling them advanced military weaponry year after year and buying their oil . 
  indeed . 
  and private saudis happily fund extremists , while the state itself funds dodgy types . 
  in many regards , saudi arabia makes russia look tame ( the russia hate is , let 's be honest , over the top in this subreddit ) . 
  as for the soviet-afghan war , the americans certainly did n't aid proto-al qaeda and taliban types - we all know those were supported by arabs ( saudi arabi ) , and pakistan respectively . 
  however once it was forgotten about by the ussr and usa , pakistan 's isi fuelled a taliban takeover . 
  are you comparing the levelling of grozny to air strikes in afghanistan and yugoslavia ? 
  anti-westerners are obsessed with defending genocide in yugoslavia , and even more oddly , the taliban regime which wreaked havoc in much of afghanistan . 
  yes , but the privatisations - and politics were far more clean . 
  that is the difference that has led the stark socioeconomic political diversion between poland and ukraine/russia . 
  oh come on , do n't bring post-iron curtain poland down to the level of ukraine and russia . 
  there 's no need for the ` my country is so crap ' malarkey . 
   `` polish '' government quotation marks ? 
  by your past history , i guessing it 's actually the jewluminati running things ? 
  the uup is half reasonable at least . 
  the fact that the the dup , a party of loyalist bigots is the largest should shame the population of ni however . 
  tar sands are pretty terrible . 
  sadly our politicians prefer to do populist things like shutting nuclear plants . 
  anti-westernism , everyone 's favourite ideology !, 
  wasteful ? 
  hardly , it reduces inefficiencies , and saves everyone money , at least in europe . 
  russia just annexed crimea . 
  there are parts of latvia and estonia with far higher concentrations of ethnic russians . 
  fortunately they are in nato . 
  malaysia also has an elected king - it 's basically rotated between the nine states that are monarchies - obviously the monarchs are the ones who choose !, 
  i would n't know , but i hope your wedding goes well and that you 're happy together , 
  yes , but they 're not neo-nazis . 
  i would n't compare him with putin . 
  a similar european pm would be erdo\u011fan . 
  he 's going for the presidency too after all . 
  given the poster , i 'll hedge a bet that it 'll be a step towards exiting the homosexual cultural marxist eu . 
  well , in all fairness we were likewise trying to bring ukraine into * our * sphere of influence . 
  obviously our sphere of influence is better and fairer in the long term , and we use the carrot rather than the stick approach , but we should avoid getting too hypocritical on that front . 
  i 'm probably on some sort of welfare by that definition . 
  what about those lazy walloons eh ? 
  lazy ? 
  you say that , but austria-hungary would later annex bosnia , and the uk was a huge part of the scramble for africa . 
  tell that to say , sweden , which has a healthcare system twice as efficient as the us 's . 
  you know , i do n't disagree with you . 
  much of the financial industry is basically a waste of human talent , and hence economic resources . 
  i just do n't think we should have let the banking system collapse , that 's all . 
  farage , berlusconi , le pen , assad , wilders . 
  imagine the bunga bunga parties * putin * could organise . 
  you are mistaken if you believe that is what i think . 
  anyway , it 's all well and good for iceland to do what they did , europe could n't . 
  the banks should have been bailed out at a european level . 
  and if you took the time to read my comments , you 'll see i was referring to the collapse of lehman 's . 
   thats capitalism baby , or at least it used to be , but seems we are still living in some watered down version where the olligarchs get bailed out by the people . 
  i agree , capitalism would be letting them collapse . 
  i 'd rather more state control . 
  as much as i 'd like to have let them collapse , i 'm not going to have people suffer en masse for idealogy . 
  that 's what communists and american libertarians do . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  letting lehman 's collapse unleashed a huge calamity . 
  the disaster of that was why henceforth governments were so desperate to save the banks . 
  or maybe eurovision fans are entirely european , and many are gay . 
  a good combo on the disliking russia front . 
  azerbaijan is good friends with israel too iirc . 
  it 's actually in europe ( the geographical continent ) , unlike armenia . 
  all those places are european anyhow , mayhaps not as perfect as us ... 
  which is why they ... annexed crimea ? 
   not in the short run anyway anyhow , we have n't even put in place an energy substitution package yet . 
  it 's sad . 
  serbian putinistas always manage to come out with these sort of things . 
  i feel for the people there , but their problems should not blind them regarding poland 's post-iron curtain success . 
  he is also a dictator who seems to be trying to create a family dynasty , like the assads or kims . 
   not trying to force democracy on slavs goes a long way ... those slavs ca n't handle the vote , eh ? 
   if nothing else , perhaps an american being kidnapped will lead to some sort of effective response . 
  well , when they kidnapped us europeans and we did jack shit . 
  delightful post history . 
  please go . 
  ah , fixed :p, 
  yes , stv is truly a fantastic system , i find it hard to believe it does n't exist elsewhere outside bits of the british isles and oceania . 
  anyway , i 'd put the epp before the left ( sinn f\u00e9in ) , tactical voting is only worth so much , i 'm closer to the epp than them . 
  precisely . 
  societies unwillingness to accept jews is something that really struck me while i was in poland , same applies here . 
  oh yeah , i 'm probably looking at it from my perspective , i 'd think better of slovakia , slovenia , estonia etc. 
  but that does n't mean i do n't like czechia , i 'd love to visit prague . 
   eastern europe that people here are more favourable towards dunno , remember their former president ? 
  he made the country look quite bad imo . 
  i seem to prefer slovakia , perhaps because they 're the smaller , chirpier sibling . 
  do n't we need hierarchy to an extent ? 
  i mean , there are 7 billion humans , we ca n't all be leaders at the top . 
  certainly , there will be deficits and surpluses , and realistically there needs to be fiscal transfers , yeah .
