  lol, 
   also that `` cultural classification system '' is retarded . 
  how the fuck can you organize every single region into religious sects and then for everything on the left of the map just put `` west '' . 
  that map makes absolutely no sense . 
  yes i agree . 
  ah yes i do n't agree with any of this . 
  i just think you are forgetting the origins of an awful lot of jews , who were n't originally from europe . 
  well , christianity evolved from judaism , as did islam . 
  movements of european jews throughout the continent changed economic and cultural circumstances . 
  for example my cousins ' ( jewish ) ancestor 's may have moved to turkey from some other european country , likely because of persecution and the benefits offered by the ottomans . 
  many jews likewise went to poland and such . 
  judaism is as european as christianity or islam , and all originated in what 's now the arab world . 
  kashmir or tibet ? 
  i think you 're pushing it there when it comes to your average loyalist , or even republican . 
  i actually did n't see any . 
  the amount of uk flags was daft though . 
  i mean obviously ni is a constituent country of the uk , but my god . 
  yes , that worked out so well for the bosnians . 
  well , never knew you were an anti semite too . 
  i suppose i should have seen the signs , but i assumed you were just a delusional racist xenophobe . 
   they ca n't vote because they are not israeli citizens , they are palestinian citizens . 
  they all have palestinian passports , palestinian id 's and they all pay taxes to the palestinian authority ; they do n't vote because fatah does n't allow for elections , that has nothing to do with israel just as hamas not allowing elections or assad not allowing elections has nothing to do with israel . 
  the palestinians living inside of israeli have full citizenship and can vote for whoever they want , but the ones outside of it can not as they are citizens of another country . 
  was n't this basically the case with south africa bantustan 's ? 
  anyway , fatah does n't allow elections for what ? 
  i see hamas accusing them of electoral intimidation , and many candidates run unopposed , but not allowing elections ? 
  my point was regarding the cultural classification system . 
  greece and russia are classed as ` orthodox ' , while turkey is ` islamic ' , despite all countries being in europe . 
  i have israeli relations , and i have dealt with plenty of turks , so i 'm not sure where you get this idea from . 
  i usually find my cousins to be a bit more ` foreign ' , but that is all perception . 
  i 'd probably find a belarussian more foreign again !, 
  i would n't be against israel joining , but they have issues to sort out now . 
   cultural , historical , religious ( pre-christian and christian ) and ethnic markers throughout europe yeah i do n't see how this can exclude turkey but include russia . 
  even though the majority were algerian and repressed ? 
  argentina is n't european , or is it ? 
  the definition of europe is pretty vague , bar geographical . 
  you have the eu , but then places like russia , turkey etc. 
  i think you overestimate the cultural transformation . 
  i do n't see latin americans as being that different from europeans . 
  by that definition , neither is cyprus or the canaries . 
  well , i suppose if the romans could take the entire mediterranean , why ca n't we ? 
  someone 's forgetting their former colonies ... algeria is france !, 
  right , so what you are saying is that israel is as european as european countries such as greece , turkey , russia or romania . 
  this means nothing . 
  pictures and nice sounding classifications are great , but i do n't hold much stock in them . 
  meh , look at ukraine , armenia , turkey etc. 
  i 'm not going to be so selective about what is ` europe ' . 
  besides , we all know the hungarian invaders are mongol scum . 
   this is unnaceptable . 
  while the ec is acting as a vanguard for gays , and immigrants , it refuses to take a position on europe 's very own ethnic kin ? 
  why should the hungarian people ever have trust in a body that completely disregards their most fundamental plight ? 
  lol . 
  these people terrify me . 
  nah , that does n't really have anything to with it average wise . 
  i do n't mind british women . 
   only 16 % of us sent a dirty text ? 
  it 's probably important to take age into account here too . 
  so your entire post history is trolling ? 
  are you trying to be poe 's law or something ? 
  look , i 'm not seriously going to believe that you , as someone who calls muslims ` mudslime ' , really cares about the real reason . 
   nobody likes you , you retarded mudslime so shut the fuck up and be grateful your backward fucking religion is not kicked out of europe . 
   nobody gives a fuck about your supposed tolerant moderate muslims , that actually do n't mind exremists and never actually stand up to them . 
  you 're a cancer . 
  your religion is a cancer , your culture is a cancer . 
   and the only reason that islam is growing is because your shithole countries are popping out babies they cant even feed themselves . 
  the stereotype may not be as strong for ireland , but tea is certainly just as present . 
  edit : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_tea_consumption_per_capita this was linked below . 
  first in europe . 
  brits are third . 
  dunno , i 'm surprised he simply took the axe to the proposal so quickly and bluntly . 
  i admire him for it anyway . 
  regarding afghanistan , i think it 's worth noting the lives denmark has lost and the risk taken by your nation compared to other nations . 
  while i 'm not trying to make the danes out to be martyrs , i think you guys stepped up where a lot of european nations did n't , whatever one thinks about the intervention . 
  wow , you guys will clutch at any straw going . 
  this is as bizarre as blaming the jews for germany losing wwi . 
  yeah , i think this is a fair analysis . 
  i just wish the opposition would get their ass in gear somewhat . 
  right now when you consider the akp would still win an election , and the mhp are no-goes really , there still is a lot of work to do . 
  yeah there usually is . 
  but the upvotes are n't just brigaders , which is an issue . 
  is n't a bit ironic though how erdo\u011fan , the arch-conservative , has been rather good for the kurds ? 
  reminds me in a way of how in the 19 ^ th century the tories in the uk were in some small ways more benevolent to catholic irish wishes ( in the instance pushed by the irish party , religious education ) . 
  anyway , 100,000 on the istanbul pride parade was pretty telling . 
  istanbul is a big city sure , but moscow is too , and things are much worse there . 
  i think erdo\u01e7an is more like the politicians of 50-60 years ago than today . 
  politicians these days are a lot more boring and more delicate with public opinion . 
  he does n't seem to care , for the worse in my view . 
  this system is incredibly impressive sounding . 
  doubt that i 'm the only one reading this with a large degree of jealousy . 
  great to see all the racists come in and contribute their expertise . 
  good thing riots never happen in places without immigration , eh ? 
  every big city has loads of crime and discontent . 
  they are n't a country hamlet . 
  ireland can afford to spend cents on it 's military thanks to the uk . 
  i do n't think it 's necessary to increase spending however . 
  i think a military upgrade program could have been part of a european stimulus , but given the planning requirements i reckon it 's too late now . 
  who needs an intelligence agency when you have idealism and children 's smiles ? 
  a military without intelligence is a bit daft . 
  do n't worry about it  i 'm not going to completely avoid certain issues because others hijack them , but it nonetheless annoys me . 
   oh r/europe you never cease to amaze .
