   usually at the behest of some special interests as much as is the case in the bavarian government i 'd imagine . 
  you want to set up an agrarian commune ? 
   and written by bureaucrats like most legislation everywhere ...  rubber stamped by the european parliament . 
  voted on . 
  amendments might be proposed . 
  just like every other legislature . 
   how would british voters go about repealing eu regulation they do n't like ? 
  the same way scottish voters would go about repealing british regulation they do n't like . 
  vote for people who intend to do so and hope others across the wider electorate do the same . 
  there is an issue with lack of legislative initiative - parliament or the council has to ask the commission to repeal legislation . 
  what you 're arguing for is a more powerful parliament . 
   erecting vehicle proof barriers where the population are likely to gather etc. 
  even something like this is a big change . 
  this is the thing , you can really only do so much . 
  valls ' comments about `` getting used to terrorism '' might be unfortunate , but they do have a point . 
  the state ca n't know and do everything . 
  if it could that would likely be far more terrorising than the prospect of a hundred people a year being killed by non-state terrorists , y' know ? 
  i would say that more resources need to be put into the intelligence forces and they should be unified as proposed . 
  incubators for radicalism should be reformed - the french prison system needs much more money . 
  but things like increasing surveillance , more heavy handed police action and such - those raise huge questions about civil liberties . 
  almost daily you have people on / r/europe getting highly upvoted for protesting the erosion of such freedoms . 
  meps vote for the commission , and they do have power over legislation . 
   the real authors of the regulations are the lobbyists this just sounds like an argument against ever having an executive propose legislation . 
  in how many parliaments are private member bills the key source of legislation . . ? 
   what tangible changes have occurred in france ? 
  there is op\u00e9ration sentinelle . 
  you 're right though that the comparison with the uk is interesting . 
  clearly france has been singled out as the beacon of secularism , but britain generally would feature highly in rhetoric about enemies . 
  as in political officials ? 
  i voted for schulz , he did n't win the election did he ? 
  but they are backing the current coalition . 
  that 's democracy , you do n't always win . 
  but why do you think he and his cabinet have done nothing ? 
  i am inclined to agree that the recent recommendations should be implemented , but they are recent . 
  the idea that france has been doing nothing is mad . 
  france has led the fight against radical islam . 
  they have saved tens of thousands of lives . 
  but i want all the benefits mom !, 
  yes but these cases get dragged out far longer due to the penalty involved . 
  what overhead do you want to reduce ? 
   unelected bureaucrats such as ? 
  so what should valls do ? 
  the overhead is to prevent killing innocent people . 
  why ? 
  i 'm implying that realising that the people you dislike feel the same emotions you do and react in similar ways to similar signals as you do . 
  integration of the two sides at a political , then broader societal level has been key to ending the troubles . 
  humanising people certainly helped to solve them . 
  thanks  we 're all human at the end of the day . 
  people can care about people they have little connection . 
  that said , i have israeli relations - so i have every reason to want what 's best for israel . 
  i have no interest in them being forced into the sea ... 
  i never said it was comparable . 
  i 'm just explaining why so many of your compatriots act in a bizarre manner which is indeed contrary to their own self interest . 
   regardless of the facts a majority of irish society shall always see israel as the coloniser , the aggressor and the ethnic cleanser . 
  but those three things are all true . 
  that does n't mean israel ca n't change . 
  it does n't mean israel is inherently evil . 
  you simply have to stop giving the parties of the right more power . 
  yet it 's understandable why you vote that way . 
  i talked of how the israeli state humiliates the palestinian people . 
  we all know how europe stripped jews of dignity for centuries culminating in the holocaust . 
  you guys do n't act in what we see as an irrational fashion for no reason . 
  you just need help to change . 
   afganis also do not vote in britain yet they have a government . 
  nato forces were the dominant forces for less than a decade . 
  it 's not british troops kicking in doors . 
  nato forces were dependent on the agreement of the afghan government , and if karzai was actively working to restrict these forces . 
  his democratically elected successor wanted them to stay in the limited role they planned . 
  it is israeli troops tearing apart houses for little reason , while the people who are humilated have no ability to exert any influence at all . 
  can you point to where the palestinian people were able to get israeli forces to leave the other zones ? 
  because comparing the occupation to afghanistan is ignorant at best , callous at worst . 
  not only that , there is a campaign of ethnic cleansing via settlement policy , where palestinians have homes demolished and have building permits denied , yet the israeli government provides massive funding to settlers who still get to vote for the knesset , who get military protection at the native population 's expense , and who steal their precious water resources without their consent . 
  the point is that palestinians have no influence over the government that can control every minute detail of their lives . 
   many irish are have a hatred for israel why do you say that ? 
   palestinians despise the idea of jews living in the middle east let alone how on earth would they want israeli citizenship ? 
  perhaps so they could vote for the government that rules them . 
  yeah . 
  i do n't think google should be broken up , but it 's bizarre that they 're doing this sort of thing given that they 've been under antitrust investigation for years . 
  so you 're saying the attacks directed at protestants civilians around the time of the war of independence never happened ? 
  i 'm obviously talking about the people in the occupied palestinian territories . 
   and i ca n't recall any history book except radical muslim ones who say israeli settlers engaged in terrorism . 
  seriously . . ? 
  you probably should n't have such strong opinions on things if you have such a shallow depth of knowledge . 
  everyone knows there was jewish terrorism in mandate palestine . 
  / u/iexpectyoutodie seems to have decided we 're all antisemitic terrorists . 
  i actually have jewish israeli relations , guess i forgot to add poison in the dinner i cooked for them . 
  despite being part of british democracy , where we had a vote equal to that of an englishman , a bunch of irish people took up arms in 1916 and it 's not socially wise to criticise them . 
  yet palestinians do not have a vote for knesset . 
  they do not have the nominal equal status irish people had . 
  yet in the same breath irish people can justify what we did then show no understanding of the humiliation imposed on the palestinian people for no good reason . 
  if irish people were put in that situation we probably would be far more adamant in our rejection . 
  you ca n't simply point these things out without underlining the reasons for them . 
  if israel wants sympathy they news to dramatically change the nature of their occupation . 
  if you put irish people in the situation palestinians were we would be far more violent . 
  that 's what happens when you systematically strip down people 's dignity . 
  humiliation is the most powerful emotion . 
  i have no idea what you 're trying to say here . 
  so you think these people should have supported the coup . . ? 
  you want to offer asylum to 30 odd million turkish citizens ? 
  no wonder that people here can so easily cheer on assad and demand young male refugees should go back and take up arms .
