  we 'll have to see when/if haftar 's people in tobruk come on board . 
  to be fair i think people do appreciate your view , as someone who seems to have given this a great deal of thought and does n't seem to be driven by reactionary motives . 
  reform like a parliament that is the most powerful house ? 
  private members bills and a european pm with parliament derived cabinet ? 
  that 's what i want . 
  the stuff we gave you was substantial , like the euro policy concession cameron got . 
  what did you expect us to give you ? 
  we absolutely did not play hardball . 
  i see what you 're getting at . 
  i guess member states can still be referred to as independent as they can secede rapidly , and control their own military ( nuclear deterrent included in the uk 's case ) . 
  would n't tax havens end up being net contributors to fiscal transfers ? 
  one could adjust the transfers to account for retirement ages and such to avoid such issues . 
  such as ? 
   we are not in the same sense in a political union as the state of bavaria is in a political union with the state of hesse though . 
  sure , but the point stands . 
  we are in a political union , with a currency union - at some point that means we need a fiscal union . 
  however politicians keep stalling on this , merkel being the most prominent example . 
  are you not german . . ? 
  germany is part of a political union , the eu . 
   i simply do not get why these countries should give away large sums of money wihout getting anything in return because we 're in a political union . 
  besides , surplus countries like germany benefit from a weaker euro , so you are getting something in return . 
  i remember when i went up north , i felt a bit disconcerted by how all the staff in restaurants were northern irish . 
  never my experience here or in london . 
  who cares about sick citizens when you can just built ore health clinics ? 
   you 're seriously justifying this cunt with some military action 25 years ago ? 
  well in all fairness if you 're a refugee you 're surely more likely to be mentally unstable given your circumstances . 
  it 's easier to be mentally stable when you live in safety and security . 
  the uk is one of the few countries that have more faith in their national government than the european government . 
  so happy-ish , at least . 
  sure , but the point is more collective , coherent action is required . 
  a lot of the most `` pro-refugee '' people freaked out at the turkey deal , yet it was a key piece of said coherent , collective action . 
   your leadership should be trialled for that . 
  i assume you would support the russian government getting life in prison for attacking ukraine and annexing part of it , despite the fact it was a democracy with whom it had actually signed a treaty with , guaranteeing its territorial integrity in exchange for the world 's third largest nuclear arsenal ? 
  on the other hand , the west got rid of one of the world 's worst dictators and allowed the libyans to work on a democracy . 
  perhaps the court might give them some sort of commendation for stretching the unsc mandate . 
   i mean attacking a country that didn \u00b4 t attack you and did not intend in doing so . 
  libya launched several terrorist attacks on the west , and funded many terrorist groups . 
  i should know , i 'm irish . 
  besides , it does n't matter . 
  a dictator who offered nothing but malice to his country ( unlike say , the ccp in china ) , was prepared to stop at nothing to prevent himself being overthrown . 
  we did the right thing , and with the facts we have today , i 'd support doing it again . 
  but maybe that 's my fault for knowing libyans and having a shred of empathy and not being a self-hating westerner who wants papa putin to save us from liberal democracy . 
  if saudi arabia tried to assad their population they would n't remain allies long . 
  look at how america ditched mubarak . 
  the us ca n't get away with what russia can . 
  i feel like sanctions are cheaper than war . 
  seems to me that kosovans were quite happy to be saved from a bunch of genocidal serbs . 
  unfortunate they could n't reconcile with each other , especially seeing how serbia has progressed so much , but what 's your point ? 
  you mean stopping one of the world 's worst dictators in libya and giving the people some shot at democracy and liberty that many are still fighting for and believe in ? 
  why do n't you go tell some libyans that gadaffi should still be in power ? 
  what 's going on in syria ? 
  are europeans attacking anti-regime civilians with sarin ? 
  you apologists show no nuance , and simply serve as useful idiots for putin and other tin pot dictators who would kill tens of thousands of their own civilians before agreeing to a more representative government . 
  hopefully it 's just a case of increased reporting and any increase is transient . 
  still , the british media has been hyping up fears of immigrants for the last two decades , generally targeting immigrants that actually pose little issue for society . 
  it 's bizarre , and sad . 
  they were n't talking about the real problems of integration , focusing on the spectre of poles stealing your job rather than ever mentioning issues among many muslim south asians . 
  oh god , if only we actually were on the side lines :(, 
  at least we might get an extended reeling in the years . 
  exactly . 
  the european union is as you say a key example of this . 
  there is real friendship . 
  some might say the issue is that there is n't a sense of family bonds , but to paint the world today as solely consisting of independent nation states that only care for themselves is very simplistic . 
  spain has a history of high unemployment - do governments there not have various training programmes ? 
  is there any back to education allowance for those claiming unemployment benefit ? 
  really was shocking was n't it ? 
  fico has a lot of responsibility for not keeping his party 's discourse in check . 
  that election was a shitshow . 
  in all fairness , why meet in front of the cameras though ? 
  does n't make any sense . 
  of course we 're going to care more about a european country , even one on the fringes , than some african country we have little in common with , where terrorism is probably the least of their worries . 
  no need to guilt trip . 
  would you feel as bad about some random person across the world dying in a car accident as an old school friend dying that way ? 
  yeah i do n't like the man , but this is a poor point of attack when there are so many other issues . 
  well our pm , enda kenny , was floated as a possible epp candidate ... so there you go !, 
  do n't blame me , i voted for schulz !, 
  ca n't say i like his politics , but he does seem to be good banter . 
  farage and himself have had this relationship for years . 
   is this like when liberals use statistics they 're perfectly fine but when someone else uses statistics that go against liberal beliefs then it 's okay to completely disregard them because `` correlation does not mean causation '' in spite of them coming from credible sources and being more likely true than not ? 
  such as ? 
  when do we disregard our laws ? 
  people have no understanding of why protectionism is bad . 
  it does have a place in developing countries protecting a * few * nascent industries , and in ensuring food security , but that 's about it , apart from emergency measures to deal with dumping and such . 
  i would be interested to know where those to left of the centre-left score on that though , given that they push policies that would make people suffer on the basis of ideology , but do outwardly constantly talk about the worse-off , downtrodden , and oppressed . 
  i think people will complain at even the slightest hint of a loophole . 
  maybe i 'm a boring pragmatist , but it would seem sensible to allow for a loophole or two while preserving net neutrality . 
  ah now , do you actually want to see the falcon crash ? 
  they 're great to watch as you know there 's a decent chance they 'll land it . 
  i 'm afraid we wo n't be doing that with our ariane , but we do have an excellent record do n't we ? 
  it is absolutely terrifying . 
  did you see the crazed look on the fans ' faces as they did it ? 
  o'leary is not a nice man ( see : his views on climate change ) , but ryanair has absolutely transformed transportation in europe . 
  they swooped in once deregulation occurred , making short trips across europe the norm for people . 
  that alone changed europe for the better . 
  of course , i 'd rather we use high speed rail due to carbon emissions . 
  but you ca n't deny the positive force ryanair have been in this regard . 
  this plans seems to push for more centralised power - but under the current confederal model . 
  which is a shame , as in 2012 merkel was talking about putting more power in the parliament and making the commission cabinet derived from it . 
  parliament can act in the interests of europe as whole . 
  now that the uk has decided to leave , the issue of a `` multispeed '' europe is greatly reduced .
