  he 's a gowl of the highest order . 
  you know what / u/bosgeus , you 're a regular poster in such threads . 
  there is nothing wrong with suspecting such a person is likely to be of a certain background , so long as you are n't being a dick . 
  but you are being one . 
  you could not even entertain the possibility that this was n't some troublesome import :  we all know this was not rudolf mecklenburg aus leipzig . 
  take some time off reddit , spend some time with friends , or if that 's an issue , perhaps take up a new hobby or something . 
  no point living your life like this . 
  prejudice in action . 
   are you talking about the tsarist pogroms here ? 
  oh no , i 'm talking about the american expansion post-independence that acquired so much land by betraying the natives whom british ( and later american ) administrations had made agreements with . 
  anyway , do n't want to engage in presentism . 
  yes , thankfully the us opened their doors to them . 
  of course , that was only possible for unpalatable reasons themselves but still . 
  that escape valve saved hundreds of thousands of ashkenazi jewish familes . 
  yes , i 've read it before - it is perfectly reasonable , makes sense , and crucially offers a long term focus . 
  anyone genuinely concerned about illegal economic migrants should be fully behind such a plan . 
   even if you discovered the crisis only a year ago . 
  this needs to be said . 
  most of europe ignored this for years . 
  i 'm really glad to see renzi taking responsibility ( with things like libya ) where others refuse to . 
  europe needs grown ups who will make long term decisions , not just decisions for the next election as we have seen with the debt crisis and now this . 
  i find it really hard to look at this map without feeling sad . 
  the holocaust was truly awful . 
  ah , they edited their post !, 
  austria was what i originally wanted . 
  actually fuckit i 'll go with vijayanagar , leave someone else have austria . 
  i shall take the ottomans if no one else particularly wants them . 
   the only reason you 're full of refugees is because you did n't close your borders . 
  woah now where 'd you have sent those syrians ? 
  because a single trade deal is the only thing the european government can focus on right now ? 
  assad destabilised that country , do n't kid yourself from the luxury of your peaceful democracy . 
  anyway , it 's not like we allowed the uk a referendum right ? 
  well , what happened to it ? 
  you joined a political union , that entails sovereignty pooling . 
  if you want your complete nominal sovereignty back vote to secede . 
  there is nothing constitutionally unsound with this plan . 
  too soon . 
  if brexit happens can the rest of us invade gibraltar ? 
  for fairness ' sake it can become an irish colony . 
  too busy denying climate change and breaking the law to destroy ireland 's bogs . 
  i mean i thought the gue/ngl were supposed to be about green politics ? 
  that 's the farce here . 
  tusk 's role is poorly defined , but his power is simply due to the way europe is a confederal democracy , any real decisions need to be taken by the national governments thus tusk 's role is crucial . 
  anyway , as for turkey , i mean erdo\u011fan sits in on cabinet meetings . 
  davuto\u011flu was someone we could deal with , he seemed like a voice of reason , not enough of a medvedev clearly . 
  a loyalist does n't bode well . 
  i do n't think austrian monarchy did anything that bad to the countries it inherited , did it ? 
  u-6 includes discouraged would-be jobseekers . 
  you have to explain this to people . 
  it 's like when people blame poverty , yet the average jihadi is not impoverished at all . 
  isolated ? 
  sure . 
  they chose isolation when they converted to radical islam or became much more hardcore than their family . 
  you ca n't let people deny the evidence , as then they 'll refuse any action . 
   not really , it 's a relatively low skilled job . 
  really . . ? 
  it requires a 4 year university degree and fluent irish in ireland . 
  you 'd have to be in the top 20 % of the country in the state exams to get into it . 
  which was probably needed anyway . 
  yeah not a fan of his politics but i 'd love to meet him in person . 
  probably has the right personality for the role , not that i think he 's great at it . 
  you know i did n't want to fall into a mix of hysteria and hopelessness so i tried to think of some positives trump would catalyse . 
  increasing european defence spending and cooperation was one of them , but with stunts like this he fucks that up . 
  being tougher on china in the scs was another thing . 
  yet he shelved tpp , and his tough attitude fell apart after china gave him a bunch of patents . 
  it was sad to watch clinton run away from her good record on that front to appease o'malley and sanders supporters in the primaries . 
  definitely added to a legitimate sense of insincerity . 
  oh stop making excuses . 
  you think merkel or juncker are preferable to hillary ? 
  maybe you 're a conservative then . 
  fair enough . 
  conservatives here are more pragmatic and supported her . 
  fucking berlusconi did . 
  his father only developed it in his 80s though , not really major family history . 
  however his doctor said all his test results were positive . 
  if his apoe4 test was positive , given his diet and lifestyle , alzheimer 's seems likely . 
  i was really glad to see obama putting more pressure on europe and trying to act like he was going to back away from us . 
  we need to take responsibility and spend more . 
  but what trump is doing is completely counterproductive . 
  while i want us to spend more ( especially my own country ) , i do n't want to give into bullying . 
   macron looked a little fatigued from the campaign , but he remained attentive and concentrated throughout . 
  i do n't know why but i found this hilarious . 
  are they implying he barely gave a shit about the interview ? 
  indeed . 
  sad what 's happened to them . 
  exactly . 
  their people voted for this in 2010 , 2014 and 2016 . 
  if you look through my post history you 'll see my saying democrats need to cut out the left wing crazies etc. 
  i 'm well aware parties should adjust . 
  but trump was never justified . 
  no they 're getting downvoted for implying trump winning was democracy working well . 
  well 40 % . 
  turnout was 60 % . 
  is this a suburban thing ? 
  my polling station is a 15 minute walk , it 's one of like 4/5 in a school . 
  i suppose it 's cheaper than a few separate polling stations . 
  i usually just let the dog loiter for 5 minutes outside so he gets a walk in too . 
  maybe but perhaps trump supporters like wilders are n't the ones to deliver that message ? 
  the likes of cnn chase profit , hysteria sells . 
  the emails bullshit would never have happened here like .
