  what are they putting in your water supply that they are n't down here ? 
  poor harrington ... 
  let it never be said that we stooped to their level . 
  an unbelievable comeback from europe . 
  america played very well , but they could n't hold back the tsunami of skill at the end , despite having been so far ahead previously . 
  actually , i did get a leaflet from ukip into my letterbox during the lisbon ii referendum , thank you for your concern  was n't great for firelighting either , which is a shame , seeing how it was full of bullshit . 
   brussels insists it does not `` impose '' its choice of aid projects on britain but - in an escalation of hostilities - a senior conservative separately accused the eu of lying . 
  `` if you want an eu lie , this is a classic one , '' said the senior tory . 
  `` it is a 100 per cent lie . 
  we have been arguing with the eu whenever we can that the money should have a poverty focus . '' a euroskeptic tory talking about `` classic lies '' ? 
  oh the irony . 
  complete lack of critical analysis from the torygraph , unsurprisingly enough . 
  the site clearly states :  across the european union , thousands of children go missing every year . 
  thanks to the notfound project , you can make a difference . 
  if a child is abducted in the eu , the logical step for the kidnapper is to move to another eu state if possible . 
  it makes perfect sense . 
  * edited for clarification . 
  this is actually quite interesting . 
  you got yourself a decent president , estonia . 
  that actually sounds fucking scary . 
  the idea of getting possibly blinding larvae shot into one 's eye is quite terrifying . 
  i find it extraordinarily naive that this man seriously thinks a european government would not not pursue the same policies european nation-states have . 
  does he seriously think europe would stand by and do nothing while libya , a major source of oil and potential refugees , threatened to descend into a multi-year civil war where hundreds of thousands could have died ? 
  even if it was not economically important , i do n't think the people of europe would appreciate another yugoslavia on their doorstep . 
  with places like darfur , its a lot further away , and the people seem nothing like us . 
  not so for libya . 
  as for afghanistan , well it basically became a hotbed of terrorism , because the west failed to intervene in a far less dramatic fashion in the 90 's . 
  do not think that if national governments had less sovereignty that there would not be europeans risking their lives in afghanistan right now . 
  to be fair , they have not reduced spending in most areas . 
  although its far , far removed from some sort of stimulus budget . 
   `` when i hear that someone has jumped and i was n't there i really feel bad , '' he said . 
  `` my eyes are always on the bridge . '', 
  he should n't feel bad , although i can completely understand why he would . 
  this is a good guy , i hope most of those he saved tried to get their lives back on track , however naive that is . 
   i also heard how interesting ... 
  http://youtu.be/nrdpnroil-o?t=1m26s jesus is a catalan . 
  got ta hand it to those east asians . 
  * sigh * do n't we ever learn ? 
  circumcision is a backward , ancient tradition that has no place in modern europe . 
   the feeling of economic decay when i went to nyc , this really shocked me . 
  driving through brooklyn , i was shocked by the infrastructure quality . 
  in manhattan itself , everything was rosy , but then in new jersey , it was like an economic wasteland . 
  watching fox 5 's news was horrific . 
  top story `` kid drives car down street '' . 
  yes , the top story out of 3 different states . 
  still though , nothing like seeing nyc in movies and seeing buildings and streets you recognise . 
  manhattan is lovely . 
  ah here , i 'm a proponent of nuclear energy . 
  i just have an issue with russia building dodgy nuclear plants in an enclave enclosed by the eu . 
  i fully support lithuania 's planned nuclear plant , which has been planned exceptionally well ( and fair credit is due to all involved ) . 
  st francis college just outside cork city . 
  yerself ? 
  i 've noticed urban areas have more established secondary schools , and therefore are less likely to have mixed ones . 
  shit . 
  thanks anyway !, 
  how embarrassing . 
  you know i was gon na make a reasonable and logical reply but ... www.youtube.com/watch?v=2z4m4lnjxky, 
  i have no idea why you are being downvoted !, 
  monarchies are interesting , and tend to be a net benefit due to tourism revenue . 
  i support this . 
  and , for the record - a lot of american posters did confirm that their high school experiences were quite similar to the films . 
  it 's illegal for the irish police ( garda\u00ed ) , to strike . 
  however in 1998 , they circumnavigated this by calling in sick en masse , i.e. , a `` blue flu '' protest . 
  yup !, 
  most schools are actually single sex here , due to the fact most schools are catholic schools . 
  i actually went to a mixed primary school , which was lovely , but my secondary school is mixed . 
  i wear a uniform ... but i do n't really mind it . 
  what i did mind was the new vice-principle banning people from wearing black runners or classics ( as most sane people did ) i would prefer if my school was mixed , a lot of people really end up with a failed understanding of the opposite sex in single sex schools , although i would n't say the majority . 
  tl ; dr , ireland is backwards , give us time . 
  edit : also , most schools around me have lockers for secondary school as we have 7 exam subjects ( 11 at junior cycle of secondary ) . 
  only private schools seem to have cafeterias . 
  ah here , theres a long way to go from favouring `` big government '' , to having the economy being a 97 % state controlled communist economic dictatorship . 
  while i agree that this unrestrained neoliberalism is dangerous , it would be wrong to blame greece 's problems on neoliberalism . 
  yeah , nato really should have left the serbs keep on going with their fun . 
  if they had done nothing and tens of thousands more had died , you would be condemning nato to suit your narrative . 
   i do n't like being talked to when nothing of importance is being said . 
  the fact that i agree with this statement probably indicates i am horrifically anti-social . 
  wait , there are still * communist * newspapers in france ? 
  edit : i knew that many newspapers were partisan , but i kind of presumed communist ones died along with eurocommunism . 
  `` the bus driver is cool '' `` i am cool '' haha !, 
  seems legit . 
  ah yes , machine translation . 
  [ this is a really good way to lose all faith in it ] ( http://funnytranslator.com/ ), 
  well , i see they remember the old russo-belorussian union state when it suits them . 
  the progress with regards to it is painstakingly slow , which i 'm sorry to say is probably a good thing for us in europe . 
  / r/circlejerk is that way . 
  oh , my apologies !, 
  dammit abbreviations . 
  and yeah , ireland has the same issues with our national healthcare system . 
  i mean , its overstaffed with bureaucrats ( due to the merging of several regional health boards into an irish nhs ) , and we have a two tier system , where , despite the state doing 75 % of healthcare spending , 50 % of the population has private health insurance as well , which is basically like the fastpass system in portaventura . 
  our health service * does * offer good service . 
  cancer treatment has come on leaps and bounds in the last decade , and everyone gets a decent level of care . 
  but its far , far from perfect . 
  the last budget has shown that there is no more fat to cut from non-wage related spending , and the government cant cut salaries/fire people due to an agreement with unions , despite spending on wages being 80 % of overall spending . 
  mr. farage  mme. 
  le pen any day . 
  i mean , le pen is certainly racist , farage is just ... a representative of olden-times bigotry ? 
   nhs will drag everything else down with its costs and will also prove extremely inefficient . 
  the nhs is probably the most efficient large healthcare system in the western world . 
  spending is a good bit too low , but seriously , the brits spend a third per capita what the us spends and get far , far better results .
