  but is it sustainable ? 
  not for countries with needer mineral nor agricultural resources . 
  kenya has an independent future , sure . 
  the sahel states ? 
  i doubt it . 
  aid is pretty important to keeping a lot of countries going . 
  you take away a third of these countries ' budgets and everything goes to shit . 
  the alternative is taking direct control - unless we want states like burkina faso to completely fail . 
  right now , aid is the cheapest and least politically costly option . 
  i 'm not too sure how we are going to sell making 20-odd states protectorate , or afford it . 
  sounds about right . 
  reminds me of the anarchist troublemakers in london who try to antagonise relations between the police and local residents . 
  these people can pack up and head home for the night . 
  the residents suffer . 
  of course , that 's what these people want . 
  suffering , violence - to overthrow liberal democracy . 
  oil may be bad , but coal is even worse . 
  besides , oil will still have uses in a hundred years time , for plastics and such . 
  coal otoh is an incredibly dirty fuel that is popular in europe due to the fact we actually have it , and that it 's cheap as all the externalities ( due to pollution and climate change ) are n't priced in . 
  but they wo n't die without harming others first . 
  that 's why we ca n't let them leave . 
  still , i think an akp minority government is most likely . 
  what 's the alternative ? 
  the chp forming a coalition with the hdp and having the mhp enter into a supply and confidence deal ? 
  oh yeah , well over here in europe we do n't even really understand this filing taxes malarkey . 
  i just had to get on to our tax office ( revenue ) about my job details so i would n't be emergency taxed . 
  when i went back to work , i sent off a copy of my employment termination form , and the hr department sorted it out . 
  that 's as close to filing taxes as i get , it 's all taken from my wage packet thankfully . 
  ah i do n't really think you get what i mean . 
  if a european citizen moves around the union , they 'll still be tax domicile somewhere in the union , just as with an american . 
  however if they move to an extra-union tax haven for sufficient days , they are no longer tax domicile within the union . 
  by levying federal income taxes the us avoids this problem of people wishing to stay citizens but dodging responsibility . 
  we could do this at the european level likewise . 
  you can move between us states without taking up citizenship of each state too . 
  i 'm talking about extra-union movement in both cases . 
  not poles living in germany , but poles living 183 days a year in monaco to avoid tax . 
  well , the point is that you 're free to take up citizenship in the country you 've moved to . 
  citizenship has both benefits and costs . 
  i would n't mind if we had this in europe , a federal income tax on those who choose to hide away in monaco etc to dodge tax . 
  indeed . 
  the kurds are a very conservative minority ( indeed , there are still honour killings ( ! ), 
  and such ) . 
  thus the akp attracts plenty of kurds . 
  of course , why would the chp or mhp attract them ? 
  thus for a conservative-minded turkish kurd , the akp is the only option , and kurds make up a decent chunk of the party structure . 
  the hdp is surprisingly progressive . 
  i hope they break the 10 % treshhold , and i hope that the chp will be mature enough to try to work with them . 
  at least us citizens abroad have to be registered to pay federal income tax . 
  well , only the sith deals in absolutes - but is n't at least fair to say that civic platform are * more * rational and enlightened than pis ? 
  law and justice are that bit more hotheaded , that bit more angry . 
  they 're the party that 's that bit more authoritarian , that leans on clericalism and hard-conservative votes . 
  whereas civic platform is the more intellectual party , drawing support from liberals and educated conservatives , especially in the more more well-to-do parts of the country . 
  do we know what sort of level of underground protection the place has ? 
  i 'd hope there 's something . 
  well , ni is n't part of the irish state so it 's not an official flag of ni unlike the union flag or the european flag . 
  other flags would fly for visits etc a police investigation might seem dramatic but it is the seat of government , it should be fairly well monitored . 
  a conservative green president - very interesting . 
  best of luck to him in his new post . 
  hope he represents latvia well . 
  exactly . 
  junker is essentially pm of europe now . 
  the main issue is that his cabinet is not drawn from parliament - but chosen by member states . 
  member states should have an upper house , but no way should they select cabinet on a one minister per state basis . 
  biggest party gets first shot at forming a government . 
  maybe require the upper house to vote on the government too . 
  but letting states choose the cabinet ? 
  / r/european is horrible . 
  otoh , the moderation in europe is fine except for david . 
  obraka and coffeh resigned over him as nothing was done . 
  according to the leaks theskynet is his one ally . 
  that 's the problem . 
  raerth would have to be the one to remove david . 
  he wo n't change , removal is the only solution . 
  most people there are really quite nice though . 
  i spent a good while subbed there out of interest . 
  a lot seemed quite a bit more educated than those on / r/christianity . 
  still , it 's not like i had any problem with muslims . 
  mind you , the sub certainly would n't give you a positive impression of islam . 
  it 's in no way extremist , yet you have people advocating banning musical instruments there and getting upvoted as it 's a religious truth . 
  i would n't even call lega nord insurgent . 
  they were founded in 1991 , which makes them the oldest of the four main parties . 
  forza italia was founded in 1993 , the main precursor of the democratic party was founded in 1998 ( and the dp was only created in 2007 ) . 
  m4s are the insurgent party . 
  lega nord are just the xenophobic hard right , a bit to the right of ukip , but not as extreme as fn . 
  well , i mean the idea of social security funds is kind of confusing really . 
  these are n't sovereign wealth funds as such , it 's just the idea of social insurance . 
  ultimately social insurance contributions are just another form of tax , and social insurance pensions etc just another form of expenditure . 
  one could just increase vat for example . 
  ireland had low debt pre-crisis . 
  ~ 40 % of gdp . 
  greece 's was three times that . 
  for perspective - ireland 's peak debt was about greece 's starting level . 
  that 's ultimately the core of the issue . 
  greece ran the highest deficits in europe for decades and we did n't stop them . 
  the nature of the crises were also different - ireland 's crisis was caused by the collapse of the global economy and the property boom , greece 's was caused by the former solely as such - but the inability to borrow on the markets due to very high debt and high pre-crisis deficits created a sovereign debt crisis . 
  right ... and most of these guarantees were so easy to give as they were true either way . 
  for example tax changes . 
  taxation by the european government requires unanimous consent from all member states . 
  lisbon did n't change that . 
  the government said as much when they promised it - the promise was true before the promise was made - it was just to allay fears of us having to end allowing apple et al using us as part of their tax avoidance scheme .
