  israel can cry all they want , they already get bargains on german submarines despite the bad things they do . 
  in some aspects . 
  the article is a bit dramatic in nature and more commentary but news . 
  but i think its not misguided to try and get some sort of culture change in europe , to focus less on getting everything now , now , now , and plan longer term more . 
  this idea is not really german , but more sensible . 
  countries finland and austria have also been practical in this regard . 
  its a case of trying to get these ideas into southern and british/irish societies . 
  i thought that read ireland , but then i realised otherwise :( oh well , 0.5 % growth will do i guess ... 
   it did n't surprise me that someone would call us austrians arrogant . 
  do not worry . 
  thats what we love about you guys . 
  * do n't ever change * :'), 
   respect for this one brave journalists to say the truth , greek people are not at fault . 
  its the same people who causes the 2008 collapse in usa . 
  the usual suspects . 
  wealthy elite 1 % , politicians , bankers pieces of shit !, 
  its far , far greater than 1 % of greek society . 
  corruption is all-pervasive . 
  public employees make up far too much of the economy . 
  no , this is not every greeks fault in its entirety . 
  most people deserve some level of blame , but they are not deserving of the pain that is being forced upon them . 
  the professional class is , imo , who share most of the blame . 
  those who avoid tax and lining their pockets . 
   i personally believe the only solution is to split the euro into two currencies maybe like euro a and euro b. greece , portugal , spain , italy , ireland goes into euro b and there economies prosper together and northern europe goes into euro a and they prosper together . 
  ireland 's economy will ** not ** prosper in euro b. 
  and you know , i dont think spain , italy , or portugal will either . 
  and i certainly do not think greece 's will . 
  edit :  they need to understand that greek people are not like americans or english people who will do anything the govenment tells them and never stand up for there rights as human beings what ? 
  what ? 
  if people trust their government to be quite fair , they will do as they are told . 
  stop trying to justify tax-avoidance . 
  i do n't think the crisis will not truly be over until greece is stabilised . 
  not necessarily out of the bailout , just stabilised , like ireland has been for a while now . 
  i think , as the other former-yugoslavia states join , it will be harder for serbia to justifying staying outside . 
  but we shall see . 
   and you say that like its a good thing ... ? 
  you really think the countries which you patronizingly refer to as ` little ' will be fine with their entire military budget being spent in a way they have little to no influence over ? 
  well , if its not being spent by our little states directly , then perhaps they wont mind ? 
  if ireland had the protection of a european coast guard , it would be a great help anyway . 
  territorial army soldiers could continue having their wages paid by the national government , but deployed troops and marines would have their wages paid by europe , and we would have the ultimate decision of whether our troops would be deployed in the first place . 
  i agree with this . 
  would be better to see pan-european state owned companies owned by a european level state , not owned by several national ones who , in their earnest efforts to squeeze as much jobs out for themselves as possible , screw everything over . 
  to be fair , by that logic , we should get rid of local and regional governments too . 
  there is a certain degree of sense to delegating responsibilities to those who know and understand the issues at hand . 
  i do n't think that a european government should clean out drains , just as i do n't think my city 's council should run a military . 
  well , i think it would be worthwhile having excise and import duties levied and collected by the european government . 
  i think income tax should be avoided entirely if possible . 
  a european corporation tax could supplement national one , too . 
  the current situation with vat seems ok by and large . 
  if welfare and health spending is avoided at a european level , the tax needs would be very manageable . 
  i would hope no one would seriously argue for a centralised state over a federation . 
  as for what 's dealt with on a european level ; foreign policy , defence , monetary and financial policy , energy , standards & product regulations , agriculture , fisheries , space program , european level transport , banking . 
  stuff like healthcare , education , culture , transport , social welfare , taxes , policing , criminal and civil law , should be left to individual countries and their states/regions . 
  to put this in context , there are 6 million muslims in france . 
  2 million of them are practicing . 
  bad form by these protesters , but they are a minority of a minority of french muslims, 
  http://www.forbes.com/sites/jamesconca/2012/06/10/energys-deathprint-a-price-always-paid/ http://nextbigfuture.com/2011/03/deaths-per-twh-by-energy-source.html http://nextbigfuture.com/2011/03/lifetime-deaths-per-twh-from-energy.html, 
  ah , fair enough !, 
  i like the term european union more than any other proposals , at least , it 's what i have grown up with . 
  dammit religion . 
  or should that be dammit people ? 
  you think champs-\u00c9lys\u00e9es has gone downhill ? 
  check out o ' connell 's street in dublin . 
  its just a road full of fast food joints . 
  c'ept its the main street . 
   better . 
  fre , but we should add another e somehow . 
  just to annoy the americans ;p * federal republic of european europe * european europe has a nice ring to it and also pisses off our russian neighbours . 
  the spanish would never accept a cat as emperor  _ , 
  well , i 'm sure you will someday . 
  you are quite integrated already , are members of nato , share our beliefs , etc. 
  you are considered one of us , even if you are n't in the union . 
  i think the issue of loss of fishing rights is a reasonable fear , but then again , it also gives norway to expand into new waters . 
  i would expect their to be economic damage to norway 's fishing industry , mind , but this has to be weighed up against having a say in the a union of 500 million people , with the largest gdp in the world . 
  the other option is to effectively have decisions taken without your democrat input , which is somewhat colonial ( although democrat governments have of course agreed to said system ) . 
  i say , if it ai n't fully functional , tweak it . 
  hope the family of the victim get justice . 
  this robber is a cunt . 
  it would be nice to have a genuine federation that is able to adapt to whatever circumstance . 
  we must not only look at strengthening the currency union , but create a true fiscal union . 
  a common foreign policy , and some degree of unified military . 
  the ability for european authorities to investigate widespread corruption . 
  etc etc. 
  as for the name , european union is fine , but united kingdoms of europe would be cool , doubt much republics would be open to a constitutional monarch though . 
  whatever ones view on merkel , i 'm sure we can all agree that * no one * should have fear of revealing their homosexuality . 
   the legal status of the settlements is actually a disputed matter , despite what rulings or judgments you might say , nobody has ever shot down the legal case for the settlements , instead they rely on liberal and often faulty/politicized interpretations of international law . 
  i 'm not going to get into a legal discussion with you , say what you want , this is the bottom line . 
  lol . 
  disputed by israel i 'm sure . 
  can you stop being so burthurt all the time ? 
  christ ( or should that be mohammad etc ? ), 
  you have to wonder about the state of mind of people who will cause deaths and destroy property over a picture or piece of media . 
  this is not just a symbolic measure , it will actively hurt the illegal settlement and colonisation of the occupied palestinian territories by making it economically more difficult . 
  as fairtrade and rainforest alliance products have shown , people can and will vote with their wallet . 
  42 upvotes . 
  wtf r/europe ? 
  i welcome this . 
  it would be nice for flaws to be pointed out by outsiders , so systems can be reformed , and made more efficient and just . 
  i think its important to be able to appreciate this risks than certain military personnel undertake to protect your homeland , and to protect others . 
  but it is also important to keep a functioning thought process with regard to this subject .
