  as for the government , 52 % of the votes on 80 + % turnout . 
  better than in much of the rest of europe . 
  we ca n't pretend the rest of the world does n't exist . 
  at the very least we should care about the mediterranean and eastern europe , they are within our domain ( of enlargement ) . 
  that does n't mean we should n't worry about the rest of the world at all . 
  i personally do n't like that mindset very much anyway . 
  it is used by the hard right who wish to stop sending aid , or who wish to absolve us of our impact on the world . 
  one thing that 's common with a lot of these incidences ( across europe ) , is the police brutality i see . 
  having never really seen or heard about it here it has damaged the credibility of police forces in my eyes . 
  more specifically , i feel that erdogan has failed to reign in the police early enough , which he should have some power over . 
  the protesters are not entirely innocent but the response was very much excessive . 
  that said , i find the response on reddit very annoying . 
  talk of ` revolution ' , is immature , but it appeals to the thirst among many here for a long running dramatic news story i guess . 
  revolutions should n't really happen in democracies , change should , by peaceful protest which can gain the support of the people , and by the electorate voting . 
  this idea of the akp being illegitimate is frankly wrong , they got a majority of votes on what i consider a high turnout ( 80 % ish ) , and have won the last 3 elections . 
  whether some turks like it or not , they have a mandate . 
  th the important thing is that minority rights are respected . 
  personally , i think the rest of europe should keep an eye on things . 
  i also do n't want to see erdogan put in place an executive presidential system . 
  but the idea of people sending in fighter jets or whatever is mad . 
  this is a democratic issue in a democratic country . 
  people must respect that . 
  there is no need for un troops to go in . 
  they were n't needed in the uk miners strike so they wo n't be needed here . 
  how would the military represent people better than a democratically elected government ? 
  this is really quite powerful as these things go . 
  you really end up empathising with him , and i guess with others in such situations . 
  indeed , i remember reading an r/ni ** ers post about what made people ` realise blacks were inferior ' ( or something along those lines ) . 
  so many of them were when they were beat up by a black person , or felt excluded by a group , or even did n't get picked by the team . 
  add an insecure , vulnerable mind and you have a ripe target . 
  sad really . 
  i do n't know why . 
  maybe people feel parliamentary immunity should be unammendable ? 
  where the fuck do they get agent orange in a gas cannister from ? 
  it 's a defoliant . 
  it sounds like it 's actually some sort of orange gas or something ( this story is unverified by cnn ) . 
  still bullshit that the police anywhere would do this . 
  the government needs to take action to reign them in as at this stage they are very much complicit in the police abuse . 
  well , we have these problems in european states already . 
  i would rather we try and help rather than telling them to fuck off as many european countries want to do . 
  i guess i can empathise as back in the 50 's my country was one of europe 's most backward . 
  in the 70 's , things were still pretty bad . 
  in the 80 's , the church pressured the government into creating a referendum on whether foetuses were equal in value to the actual mother !, 
  and it passed by a landslide . 
  but we have been helped . 
  we have reformed , socially and economically . 
  culturally and politically . 
  still quite backwards by european standards yes . 
  but we have been getting there because we were given a chance . 
  a chance i fear more and more european countries are going to be excluded from as we as a union become more inward looking and refuse to expand . 
  i do n't know , on the democracy front i things are worse in turkey , and much worse in hungary . 
  one must be careful not to overstate things as it can belittle the issues in other areas . 
  that 's a fair argument i guess , i do n't understand hungarian politics quite as well as turkish politics , and i do n't have a good grasp of either . 
  and you are right the turks have two large opposition parties to turn to , parties i hope that will step up to the task and provide a viable alternative when the people vote . 
  why do people argue for former yugoslavic states to join ? 
  why did people argue for bulgaria and romania to join ? 
  why did people argue for greece to join ? 
  just because a state is n't northern european , does n't mean they ca n't join the club if they fulfil the conditions . 
  for what it 's worth i think if it were n't for turkey being so populous and largely muslim it would have joined years ago . 
  we saw merkel and sarkozy 's strategy of fobbing them off . 
   last time europe and america ( nato ) tried to bring human rights and all we screwed up an entire region ( former yugoslavian countries ) . 
  we screwed it up by ignoring the problems . 
  guess when the fighting stopped ? 
  when america started dropping bombs . 
  when people actually intervened . 
   they , much like the turks , are perfectly capable of handling their own problems . 
  i agree the turks are , turkey is n't in a state of inter-state war like yugoslavia . 
  i do n't mean to pin this on you or anything , but i think the situation in hungary is a good deal worse . 
  difference is , hungarians are n't protesting like this ( or at least have n't found a lightening rod issue ) . 
  we should stick by our values by enforcing democracy and fairness inside and outside the union . 
  do n't worry about it !, 
  are you talking about the models or the femen activists ? 
  i do find that interesting , have n't seen any overweight girl stripping , nevermind someone fat . 
  i do n't recall any ` ugly ' ones , or very eye-catching ones though . 
  perhaps it is due to the confidence of the women who do that ? 
  we all know the body-confidence issues a lot of girls and women suffer . 
  pretty much . 
  of course i would like to see more buxom models but i guess the industry does n't as such , and it 's not like they would make any money from me . 
  you know , i find a lot of feminism these days laughable , but as ever , some male response ends up proving the femenists right . 
  well , models are n't supposed to be attractive to men i guess . 
  most of us would rather they stayed off the treadmill somewhat and threw the meal plan in the bin , but their job is to sell things to women and i guess that is fair enough . 
  i see that you shape the attacks on burmese muslims as ` reprisals ' . 
  was kristalnacht reprisal against the jews ? 
  frankly if you see their condition in refugee centres it 's sickening . 
  many are basically caged up and ca n't exercise . 
  is this reprisal to you ? 
  reprisal for being different ? 
  for having ` too much ' influence or too little ? 
  it 's bigotry . 
  good . 
  hopefully she 'll actually turn up for her next summonings . 
  ah sorry , i thought they had lost power in 2000/2001 . 
  explains that . 
  were n't they forced to introduce reforms with the turkish financial crisis ? 
  well hopefully lessons will be learnt . 
  lets not privatise public schools . 
  germany has n't done a census in over two decades ? 
  i though censuses were fairly regular , they are every 4/5 years here . 
  the problem is not the bureaucrats , it 's the national governments . 
  again , yesterday we saw national governments ( fishery ministers ) , basically overruling the parliament in order to prevent an end to discards .
