  also , switzerland has canton and federal representatives , popular mandated laws are relatively uncommon compared to such parliamentary legislation , and even then lead to stupid things like a * federal * minaret ban . 
   directly voting for laws instead of having un-recallable representatives you only vote for once every four years . 
  i ca n't wait for everyone to vote for zero percent income taxes and $ 10,000 grants to upgrade their car every two years . 
  reminds me completely of northern ireland actually . 
  the ` authoritarian nature of their religion ' was explained as the cause of a whole host of problems for catholics - when that really had nowt to do with it . 
  the situation today - where catholics are tending to become more successful than many protestants - shows the ignorance of this . 
  but of course right up until the end of the 60s it was easy to peddle the ` fascist catholic ' myth ( even in this , a nationalist issue , a la kosovo ) , and garner support from many quarters , abroad and obviously at home . 
   they 're not part of denmark proper but they are still within the sovereign state of the kingdom of denmark . 
  gibraltar is not within any sovereign state . 
  ah i agree about the faroes and greenland , they are part of the sovereign kingdom , but i do believe this is analogous to gibraltar 's position within the british sovereign state , which is in effect run by the united kingdom without the say of these territories , a la the danish situation ( although greenland and the faroes do have non-voting representatives to the danish parliament iirc ) . 
  and kosovo 's exclusion strikes me as deliberate the more i consider it , i discussed it with metaleks before . 
  the faroe islands and greenland are not part of denmark proper however . 
  for example neither are in the eu ( greenland seceded ) . 
  just as the faroes and greenland are part of the danish * realm * , gibraltar is part of the british * realm * , but not the united kingdom itself . 
  do not mistake these places as being akin to the canaries or french guiana . 
  these places should be on the survey , but they are not . 
  in fact , ** kosovo ** , which is completely sovereign , is n't either . 
  perhaps the exclusion of these places is to prevent its addition to the survey ? 
  pure speculation on my part . 
  far from it these days , especially placed next to even the best korean cuts . 
  not too sure about the diet , seems to be a vague mix of traditional bantu foodstuffs and western types . 
  the marbling varies based on diet as you can imagine . 
  really not worth the effort . 
  now - if you can get some tswana , they are not so dissimilar from pork . 
  no need to marinate overnight , just butcher , and enjoy . 
  ethnic dishes ? 
  just stay away from any ones made of koreans , too stringy . 
  red-piller confirmed . 
  they probably did . 
  but one sees how reluctant countries are to bail out fellow members , nevermind a country outside the union that has even worse prospects than greece . 
  is it really worth all that risk just to stop russia gaining more influence on europe 's borders ? 
  anti-russian jingoism ca n't really garner the public sentiment needed to to grantt the billions upon billions required . 
  also of course it must be remembered that they would be decades away from actually joining the union , they pose much more problems than say , turkey or macedonia . 
  integral sure , but with mass disenfranchisement and discrimination against the natives . 
  well , in all fairness , the french did n't really contribute much post capitulation ( in relative terms ) . 
  the difference is they had an empire i suppose . 
  well it 's the parts of europe that are bright , so from ireland to the edge of turkey obviously , than sans ukraine , belarus etc and the nordics . 
  something `` so important '' , it is nearly always to first feel the axe of spending cuts . 
  debatable . 
  oh i do n't disagree . 
  this just demonstrates the need for increased cooperation on actual equipment in europe . 
  whatever about the troops , i think mat\u00e9riel from the entire eu should be used in say , centrafrique , libya , chad , or mali . 
  but this will still probably require stronger mutual defence clauses , and balancing ( such as financing as france has proposed ) . 
  well , surely other equipment would be higher on the priority list ? 
  europe has too many tanks , yet lacks a real aerial refuelling capability . 
  i suppose , might be more useful there . 
  aww , that 's kinda cute . 
  i like it . 
  unfortunately resulting in some awful spacial development , as dense development hardly occurs anywhere . 
  it struck me how popular he remains , what 's your opinion of him ? 
  indeed , while i would n't admire pilsudski , it was fortunate that he was n't of the ethno-nationalist sort . 
   i 'm not sure i would count that one , given that it was boycotted almost entirely by one side . 
  indeed , a referendum which said other side had n't a hope in hell of winning . 
  holding that referendum was a good idea on the part of london , unfortunately sunningdale did n't last for a variety of reasons ( for example labour 's unwillingness to act against the strikers , and just their general disinterest compared to the tories ) . 
  indeed , though things would have been much worse if polish ethno-nationalists had been able to enforce their views strongly . 
  well , europe is a pretty invented continent geographically at least , i mean the indian subcontinent deserves the term far more than europe . 
  indeed , but if i recall correctly those negotiations fell down over a refusal on the part of france and britain to make strong enough military commitments - they were n't willing to back said diplomacy up with force . 
  diplomacy could n't stop hitler . 
  imagine if we had , instead of letting czechoslovakia be dismembered , had used military force ? 
  many millions of lives would have been saved . 
  yeah , but you seem the thing conspiracy theorists ignore about climate change is that the * real * conspiracy is on the part of the deniers , the koch brothers etc. 
  of course , that 's just too logical a conspiracy with basis in fact so it 's not interesting enough for the enlightened minds of / r/conspiracy . 
  industrial espionage of course goes both ways ( be it the french , or soviets ) , but really , it should 've come to end with the ussr . 
  you think a treaty would be signed or something somewhat solid like that . 
  * sigh *, 
   but rather than close , bradford reform synagogue 's future is brighter than ever after the intervention of bradford 's muslim community , which according to the 2011 census outnumbers the city 's jews by 129,041 to 299 . 
  according to the article there are n't even 300 . 
  pretty hard to mantain a place of worship in such conditions . 
  ah thank you . 
  it appears that the situations are n't too dissimilar . 
  just found the coincidence interesting . 
   i do n't follow turkey policies . 
  well , i was n't referring to any policy , just an investigation by the police of the ruling party regarding corruption . 
  it was indicative of a faction developing in the akp . 
  i was merely wondering could this be part of a similar power struggle within the pp - after all , who supplied this information ? 
   the jewish community isnt bothering to ? 
  it 's not a case of not being bothered , it 's a case of them finding it difficult !, 
  you saw yourself how few in number they are . 
  i suppose , it 's important to preserve people 's traditions . 
  i visited an old synagogue when i was in krak\u00f3w ( now a little museum , sadly of course krak\u00f3w 's large jewish population was killed in the holocaust ) . 
  anyway , i just think it 's important to remember groups who used to reside in these places , especially if there are some of them left . 
  a bush , a great man for the self-infatuation . 
  are there similarities here to what it is happening in turkey ? 
  the two situations strike me as being somewhat similar , and occurring at the same time . 
  soon . 
  just because you think they are part of some sort of huge conspiracy does n't mean everyone does , but if that makes you feel more knowledgeable than those you see as ` sheep ' , so be it . 
  that 's why we have * representative * democracy . 
  we elect people to make decisions , because we all ca n't decide this things en masse . 
   i do not believe there are any democracies well , that 's fine , take your mussolini over letta , and enjoy the ride . 
  democracy is a real thing , even if it does n't suit your world view . 
  well jules , this guy would have let bosnia be torn apart in the name of anti-islam and anti- ` neocon ` ism , i do n't think you 'll get far with them . 
  you prefer dictatorships to democracy ? 
  democracy gives people a chance to learn from their mistakes . 
  it takes decades for a democracy to become somewhat stable . 
  not every country has had the advantage of ireland of a long tradition of parliamentary democracy . 
  and i am neither neo-con or colonialist . 
   `` i 'm not a racist but should n't the miss france contest only be open to white girls ? '' heh , this is a classic `` i 'm not a racist but ... '' line . 
  i mean , i think the contest should be open to all french girls , such as the winner . 
  surely that 's logical . 
   can someone explain to me why everyone simply accepts ` the fact ' that western countries have to step up when something goes wrong on the other side of the planet .
