  fjords are the glacial valley yokes which are open to the sea . 
  jc geography man !, 
  it looked like horloge to me ( the h is silent ) , which is french , so i guessed it was clock . 
  interesting to see the ancient greek roots though . 
  i 've heard bad things about american islamaphobia too . 
  it 's important to remember that extremists are quite vocal on the internet , you probably wo n't get told that hitler should have focused on the muslims in the street , for example . 
  different places are better i suppose , i mean , obviously say turkey wo n't be hostile , but poland might be a bit worse . 
  the most vocal political parties against muslims are generally in places with quite a bit of muslim immigration . 
  however the uk is quite good on this front , there is no strong national front there , and london is a decent global city . 
  a bit pricy though . 
  it 'd be good if an actual muslim european ( or immigrant ) could post their experiences . 
  it 's hard for me to tell of course . 
  cut the guy some slack , he 's dyslexic . 
  ` tis not easy . 
  who would n't have ? 
   if scotland is independent it will not allow nuclear weapons , a huge positive for me . 
  do you think a unified european military would not have nuclear weapons ? 
  quite frankly i support having them , certainly if america and china continue to have them . 
  all of l14qu 's posts should have a health warning . 
  they 're quite hilarious when taken one at a time , together they are all a bit disturbing . 
  cold war , civil war , either way , greece will apparently prevail ... 
  it 's one thing to tighten asylum laws , it 's another thing entirely to try and try and segregate these people away from the general population . 
  being an asylum seeker is shitty enough , even with access to facilities . 
  if i 'm honest , i did n't really enjoy the show . 
  i thought it was stereotypical and did n't focus on the real issues . 
  british overseas territories are not part of the uk , however the government of the uk manages certain aspects of their external affairs . 
  do n't know why this is getting downvoted . 
  well , at least the border officers put on a spectacle , better than nothing . 
  the new minister they interviewed also seemed to understand the situation , although i imagine not a whole lot will change . 
  funny to see all the soviet symbolism still remaining too . 
  how is saying that ` roma are the niggers of europe ' contributing to the discussion ? 
  this guy just wants to genocide them . 
  what a sad story . 
  i hope the guilty parties who got this man locked up are punished , and he is helped to rebuild his life . 
  great work / r/europe , upvoting a massive bigot , who among hating non-whites , also seems to think hitler was right , and that the holocaust was n't so bad . 
  contagion . 
  we saw the damage the managed default did to cyprus for example . 
  it 's just france is pretty diverse , and i struggle to pick up on accents . 
  i did come across a spanish guy working in a tourist office , i only recall this however because i spent a while talking to him . 
  the french unemployment rate has been high for a while , the figure does n't surprise me . 
  it 's hard to tell who is an immigrant and who is n't anyway in a country like france . 
  based on un rules regarding settling people in occupied territory , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  i believe citizenship is offered , but many do n't take it up , due to language issues i assume . 
   i have often been told that i may never be `` truly '' be swedish , nor my children , perhaps . 
  who has told you that ? 
  rather depressing . 
  whatever about you , i do n't see why your children , watching swedish tv , going to swedish schools etc would n't be swedish . 
  at least they are downvoted heavily for a change . 
  do n't take it to heart if you can , it 's difficult i know . 
  heavens forbid people 's tastes diversify and people change !, 
   only the teenagers skipping breakfast thing is a bit worrying , but that 's happening everywhere . . whatever about health , which is an issue in itself , it 's very damaging to concentration and mood . 
  and food is tasty anyway , get up 15 minutes earlier . 
  do n't worry about , most people tend to be wrong quite often , it 's natural . 
   maybe so , but in europe communism is n't a dirty word compared to in the states . 
  hmm , i disagree . 
  i think you mean socialism , or even social democracy . 
  sea . 
  it 's rather interesting historically . 
  all these ` possible plans ' , and ` what ifs ' , that are revealed by the 30 year declassification process are generally rather intriguing . 
  it gives us an insight into attitudes and thoughts of the time . 
  i agree to an extent , it 's also important to remember that this was a different time . 
  i would n't say it was racist , more xenophobic . 
  if a unilateral deportation plan had been put in place , i would of course receive it very negatively . 
  but one based on pay-offs ? 
  not so much . 
  either way , the best solution would have been to try to integrate these people , and i believe some measures were taken along these lines . 
  i do n't disagree , i 'm just saying that people have forgotten that there were democratic , constitutional means . 
  of course , there were two home rule bills put to parliament before the 1912 one in the preceding decades that failed , and even that got completely derailed by wwi , so impatience was understandable . 
  i think a lot of people have conveniently forgotten that there were democratic methods even back then . 
  indeed . 
  i think without his successful wwii tenure as pm , he would be viewed as a lot worse . 
  bismarck was n't a big fan of catholics either . 
   tl ; dr we need a socialist revolution to fix the damn country . 
  i do n't know , india was a socialist democracy for quite a few decades , but it does n't mean the government were n't dicks . 
  venezuela is a bit shitty too . 
  why not just a more liberal , social-democratic government more concious of civil liberties ? 
  sorry , you are correct . 
  i guess the lack of actual troops being sent in initially is why i thought that . 
  mind you the contribution was nothing like that of the uk , us , australia or poland , but then again even australia is 5 times the population of denmark . 
   authorizing the commitment of a submarine , a corvette , and a military medical unit , the kingdom of denmark became one of a small handful of nations , and the only nordic state , to participate militarily in the initial invasion . 
   then there are the wars . 
  in the war in iraq and afghanistan it 's like we 've been copying britain , especially with the politics and justification for the wars . 
  it has n't been pretty . 
  i would n't feel guilty about iraq or afghanistan either . 
  denmark did n't invade iraq , and afghanistan 's issues relate more to the cost ( human and economical ) , rather than it being ` evil ' , or whatever ( most afghans certainly prefer the current government to the taliban ) . 
   we also bombed the hell out of libya , but people have n't said much about it . 
  why would you feel guilty about that ? 
  the danes did a good job , and the civil war ended rather quickly with a lot less bloodshed than could have occurred . 
  10 million is what i heard . 
  these things are hard to estimate i suppose . 
  what a ridiculous argument . 
  so you 're saying you have little in common with the average american man too ? 
  i 'll freely admit to having more in common with the average american or frenchwoman of today than with the irish man of a hundred - nay , fifty years ago . 
   much like when other cultures are faded out by mcdonald 's , kebabs , colonization , imperialism , i quite like kebabs and mcdonalds . 
  but maybe i am lucky that the local market i frequent has a nice tunisian chap at a fairly clean stall , and that the kebab place in my city is relatively cheap . 
  also , a frenchman complaining about colonialism and imperialism ? 
  it was to do with north african countries being allowed to compete , and the posters definition of what is ` european ' . 
  i genuinely do n't want france ruling the maghreb again . 
  i raise you http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ataturk, 
   greece + israel + cyprus have recently escalated their relations to a sort of mini-eu .
