  the black and tans however were a shitty replacement for a real auxillary force ( which it must be said insurgency operations created a dire need for ) . 
  they caused more harm than good , and killed many an innocent , and terrorised many , many more . 
  something which no arm of the state , particularly a democracy , should do . 
   `` it is not the duty of the ecb to rescue states in crisis , '' feck off bundesbank , the ecb 's job is to manage our currency . 
  and they have enough trouble without you intervening . 
  keep on at it draghi . 
   every second or third person is either a diabetic or have cancer . 
  great analysis ... 
  anyway , europeans drink far too much alcohol , i think that is a bigger problem what with its social implications . 
  hopefully the current turkish administration can create a real deal that is fair to the kurds . 
  there are a lot of perfectly peaceful kurds who deserve better . 
  northern ireland certainly has a big problem with racism , pretty sad . 
  hopefully it 'll be diluted in years to come . 
  almost as consistent as the ones regarding imminent collapse . 
  what an odd world . 
  ca n't say i 'm a big fan of churchill . 
  a lot of mistakes were glossed over due to his excellent war leadership , which is after all his defining tenet , and deservedly so . 
  i hardly see him as evil or something but at the end of the day i ca n't help but feel his attitudes and beliefs were often small minded . 
  has to be seen in light of the times , but still . 
  i think he 's referring to the process of moving a command economy towards a more statist one . 
  except of course france is statist at the most , hardly a socialist planned economy . 
  definitely a few , particularly some germans . 
  i guess , but we basically went from the philippines to turkey . 
  an awful lot remains to be done . 
  well there are plenty of conspiracy theorists and those who simply do n't want to face the facts among our generation too . 
  hopefully we will be more educated and motivated than the previous generations , although again i would n't be so sure . 
  pffft , it 's all repressed , 
  wow , saying that out is just like speaking english , minus a few teeth and plus a mild traumatic brain injury . 
   what i 'm worried about is boys being raised to become feminized men . 
  in that case fighting lone-mother families should be your priority , by that logic . 
  and they are burgundy !, 
  burning anything so stylish is a fashion sin . 
  pfft , that is infinity times what i am earning right now . 
  i can feel myself forgetting english already !, 
  yes but look at how many times the french brought back the monarchy !, 
  at least the brits decided to stick on it post-cromwell . 
  quite a lot of irish fought in the spanish civil war , and i suspect that insurgency is somewhat glorified here more than most places . 
  although these would be minor things , mayhaps they are a factor . 
  well this is embarrassing . 
  well , it 's not too late to brush up on your french , german , spanish , italian or portuguese with something like duolingo.com . 
  what is the planned electoral law reform ? 
  so should i learn danish , czech or dutch ? 
  finland is too cold and scary . 
  between climate change and the financial crisis today 's middle aged people and older have really done us a great service , though . 
  we 'll be fucked , although we will in time make as many mistakes . 
  it is sad to think of so much wasted talent , is n't it ? 
  everyone should have a purpose , and a job gives on that purpose , post education at least . 
  while you very well may be right , trying to correct one 's finances is hardly evil . 
  both ireland and greece were certainly spending well beyond what they should have been anyhow . 
  the question is how harsh are these measures - and what 's their economic effect ? 
  i think the answer is in many cases , too harsh , and negative . 
  meh i do n't mind if it is greyed out . 
  but if its not ireland and the north better be reunited eh ? 
  god , i was kind of hoping the security situation had improved somewhat . 
  must be fairly stressful to walk around the streets of libyan cities for ordinary civilians . 
  anyhow , hope these people get caught so they ca n't do this sort of thing again . 
  a tax on something that is destroying our planet is much fairer than a tax on income . 
  while this is satirical , britain is great if one enjoys more buxom wenches . 
  i think immigration in the last few decades has helped liven up the gene pool too . 
  some people have really strong opinions i guess . 
  they often ca n't see things from other perspectives well enough . 
  europe is not as enlightened as we may pretend it is really . 
  thank you . 
  the anti-gypsy vitriol is pervasive throughout this subreddit . 
  as you have said , there are complex socioeconomic reasons for why this situation has come about . 
  people seem to think thatcwe can simply ghettoise gypsies and ignore them for some reason . 
  this is a folly . 
  we ca n't simply drill more wells when utilising all the existing drilled sources will put is well past the 2 \u00b0 c temperature increase mark . 
  ah i can understand why you would !, 
  still , the situation is a bit annoying here , people would rather have money in their pockets than cheaper services . 
   is it true that you guys get to go to school and the hospital for free in europe ? 
  completely free ? 
  mostly free ? 
  yes . 
  in ireland , we have it pretty stingy with regards to free services . 
  for example , one has to pay $ 100 to go to the accident and emergency ( a&e ) if one does n't have a medical card , likewise , without one , seeing a private doctor is $ 50 . 
  that said , i one was to get cancer , outside of transport and stuff , pretty much everything would be covered by the state . 
  as for education , schools have ` voluntary contributions ' here . 
  if you ca n't pay you do n't have to , but still . 
  books can be expensive , i must have spent $ 1000 on school books between ages 5 and 17 . 
  universities charge an ever increasing ` registration fee ' of $ 2500 , which is pretty hefty really . 
  and of course , going to third level far from home entails a lot of expense . 
  that said , there are grants of money for those who ca n't afford such expense . 
  well i guess that puts europe 's economic problems under a different light i guess . 
  hope things are going better for you now . 
  see guys , the euro is the source of all economic problems !, 
  do we know if christian and islamic groups are committing these acts of violence or more secular , simply bigoted ones ? 
  i would be interested to find out . 
  i 'm going to be honest - i find that pretty annoying . 
  i do have a level of respect for it , but meh . 
  protesting over almost anything like that seems almost recreational . 
  i think that the irish media is better than the us media . 
  fair fucks to him . 
  a better man than those he is trying to corral i suspect . 
  87 years old . 
  that 's some feat for him . 
  30 hours a week while in school ? 
  that 's ... that 's pretty much full time work . 
  thanks for that demographic analysis , europe_falls_to_islam , i 'll bear it in mind when i 'm hiring evil muslims . 
  pay debts .
