  however the way things are at the moment things end up being disproportionate . 
  nonetheless , it deserves reporting on as it is quite unfortunate . 
  suicide is all too prevalent in much of europe . 
  well , serbia did democratically elect a megalomaniac bent on cleansing far more than just 3000 people . 
  i think you 'll find people everywhere were being tortured and dismembered at this time !, 
  does n't mean we ca n't have ridiculous tv shows about it . 
  that 's an interesting theory bigoted_racist_poster , i think i 'll just ignore it and carry on with my life . 
  btw , screw you and your ilk . 
  the genuine anti-romanian ( and bulgarian ) vitriol out there is really quite disconcerting . 
  one never hears such crap about hungary or whatever . 
  and politicians from ` old ' europe do nowt to change these attitudes . 
  in many cases they carelessly act to reinforce them . 
  i do n't see why you keep saying turkish likes it is negative ? 
  or am i just being paranoid and reading too much into this ? 
  interesting article , investment and culture exchange is a good thing in my books . 
  it 's not like the turks are the only ones in the balkans , the russians and of course us europeans are too . 
  let bygones be bygones . 
  if it attracts decent viewership and is halfway interesting i fail to see the problem . 
  fair deuce to turkey for churning out popular soaps . 
  ca n't be worse than corrie . 
   an entitlement mentality woah hold on now . 
  i do n't think people in the bailed out nations have such a mentality . 
  they just want a recognition of the need to rebalance economic differences and the necessity of a slower pace of adjustment . 
  the foolishness of fighting for a sectarianist cause , and the fact that they have been sucked into a world by manipulative masters . 
  perhaps pluralising that would have been more sensible , in hindsight , 
  in the british isles , one billion , two hundred and seventy million euro and ninety cent would be written as this : $ 1,270,000,000.99, 
  i would rather they would learn their lesson in syria , rather than being killed . 
  so what , back to turkey bashing ? 
  i would rather this subreddit point out flaws in european countries and those related to us , rather than focusing on certain ones . 
  i certainly do not feel this subreddit picks on russia . 
  we are poorer per capita than the uk now ? 
  dammit . 
  94 % for us tertiary education is surely wrong . 
  broken metric used there mayhaps , or simply apples and oranges . 
  perhaps a better system would be degrees awarded . 
  salazar may have been a dick , but at least he believed in improving these places . 
  portuguese decolonisation was an utter disaster and the west should never have allowed it to happen the way it did . 
  indeed , as soon as the colonial powers left many of these countries descended into civil war and chaos . 
  mozambique faired even worse , going from on of the strongest african economies to the weakest . 
  it was mad to think that a pull-out could be done over a few months after hundreds of years . 
  if it was to be done , it should have been done over decades . 
  yet decolonisation has allowed a lot of former colonies to grow after 200 years of little relative growth . 
  these former colonies have far more doctors , engineers and the like today . 
  depends on one 's perspective i guess . 
  this would interest me too . 
  i was still shocked when i found out how strong the far right is in austria and that they won the '99 federal elections . 
   very interesting article , particularly the martin luther part . 
  i must say i am very much disinclined to sign up to this ` protestant work ethic ' idea , as being a central part of what is happening now . 
  i ca n't see the difference in work culture between ireland , england , and northern ireland , at least . 
  and lest we not forget bavaria is strongly catholic . 
  oh , this is pretty informative . 
  i find turkish interesting seeing as how it is not a language originally from europe ( like hungarian i guess ) , and it seems quite alien and unintelligible to my simple mind . 
  also , we need more turks posting here !, 
  cheers , 
  also cold . 
  people should n't be raising children into any faith . 
  indoctrination should n't happen , be it muslim , baha'i or catholic . 
  i have a solution - all adopted kids should be raised without indoctrination . 
  exactly . 
  we all ca n't simply cut taxes to zero , pretending that we are being smart by having a ` niche ' is largely rubbish . 
  if everyone cut taxes to the lowest rate available in a european state we would be living in quite an austere environment i would imagine . 
  perhaps it is pathetic , but there is scarcity of resources . 
  if she had expensive healthcare in the us it might get done in a few days , but the us spends nearly 3 times per head on healthcare , while not even providing the same level of care the nhs does . 
  even compared to other european places , england ( and the rest of the uk ) , gets good results for what is spent . 
   while none of us like the idea of seeing patient care reduced , we need to all agree that the state is incapable of delivering healthcare efficiently and effectively actually the [ english ] nhs is one of the most efficient healthcare systems out there . 
  gets a lot done for what is spent . 
  these points apply perfectly to ireland too . 
   we 're a small , relatively insignificant country . 
  and what happens in the world has much greater influence on our lives than the squalor in danish national politics . 
  we should focus 80 % on foreign and 20 % on national news - not the other way around . 
  this is very true for ireland . 
  i often find our state news unbearable as it is so insular . 
  i usually watch channel 4 news if anything as it gives so much external coverage . 
   1992 was a goddamn lucky punch if there ever was one and we 'll probably never again come near winning the ec ( or any other international football competition for that matter ) . 
  so stop being so angry at our mediocre national team . 
  heh , yeah i think we as irish people expect far far too much form our football team . 
  it is nice to dream i guess . 
  well politicians can simply dodge the party whip as such , although that gets them into a heap of trouble . 
  personally i find ireland a bit to strong on keeping the party line , i prefer westminster 's less rigid system . 
  but again as i said , there must actually be some point in voting for a party . 
  mps should work inside the party if possible in my opinion . 
  well perhaps this lesson should rest as a lesson to all those who propose term limits on mps . 
  new ones can be just as shit if not moreso . 
  * soon . 
  i think that mps should vote with their party in general . 
  what is the point in voting for parties otherwise ? 
  i do not want the american system . 
  also , i find it hilarious that grillo of all people complains of breaking the voting pact , i would have thought the whip system would be something he should despise , given his outlook . 
  too soon . 
  google is giving me nothing here . 
  i presume you mean total value of bank money shifted between the uk and ireland or something , which is meaningless regarding the good will of westminster . 
   ireland got a massive personal loan from the uk outside of the eu , it was basically a blank cheque , so it 's not a good example to use . 
  ehm ... the uk loan was 3.2 billion sterling - out of $ 67.5 bn in rescue loans altogether . 
  the uk lent us a few months of deficit spending , a valued contribution , but not one that changes the situation . 
  [ hm treasury link ] ( http://www.hm-treasury.gov.uk/int_loan_to_ireland.htm ), 
  netherlands and the nordic countries are good if you only speak english . 
  you can get and keep a job without much local language skills in certain fields anyway , if you are fluent in english in these places . 
  of course , you will not be able to fully partake in life there , and taking up a language course would be advisable . 
  and they should n't be either really i guess . 
  he seems like a decent sort , very tall too .
