  i do n't think people have an issue with df being in the folketinget , but i suppose apart from denying climate change and such they 're somewhat reality based . 
  yeah unless we see a permanent centre left to centre right majority keeping democrats in power until the gop fixes itself , the past matters little . 
  i do n't think democratic parties at the state or federal level are doing much to fix that , and i do n't think democrat voters are either . 
  where does europe go from here ? 
  nixon , ford , and eisenhower would be democrats today . 
  romney , mccain or w would n't manage to win the gop presidential primary , republicans have been too radicalised . 
  what about that young girl who keeps making herself look bad ? 
   what the eu does has nothing to do with federalism . 
  `` eu federalists '' are actually centralist that are misusing the word federalism . 
  to an extent , they are misusing it for centralisation , but on the other hand a federation is a different concept to a confederation . 
  eu federalists generally do n't want more european level powers , they just want decision making on say , foreign policy or fiscal policy to be decided primarily by parliament and a cabinet derived from parliament , rather than decided by a member states and a cabinet appointed by member states . 
  as i said though , making it more democratic has consequences - not for the larger countries like spain , but a country like slovenia that might only have 7 meps thus would rarely have cabinet representation . 
  the democratic deficit was a myth - it 's simply confederalism . 
   a lack of democratic control over the eu this is just an argument for federalism though . 
  the current structure is because europe is a confederation , ie member states play a more powerful role in governing than parliament , and unanimity or double majorities are often required . 
  personally i would like to see most confederal aspects kept - but i believe we should have a parliamentary derived executive where member states only have limited veto power over its composition . 
  this would go a long way to address appearances . 
  yet i remember how irish people freaked out about us losing `` our '' commissioner ( when they were to be reduced to 18 from 27 ) . 
  in this situation we could end up without an irish cabinet member for decades as opposed to 5 of every 15 years . 
  fine by me but there 's history there to show it would n't be fine by a lot of irish people . 
   all the polls literally gave hillary 95 % chance of winning in the election morning . 
  where do you get this from ? 
  he was behind in polling by 3 % , he lost by 2 % . 
  national polling was accurate . 
  the democrat only got 70 % if the vote that the previous democrat got in 2016 - young people do n't turn out in great numbers . 
  you ca n't simply hope . 
  the party has to appeal to people who actually vote . 
  as for gerrymandering dissuading voters , why did democrats lose most of the close districts then in 2016 ? 
  then why did n't they turn out for special elections ? 
  democrats need 55 % of the vote in 2018 . 
  the midterm electorate is older . 
  the democratic party needs to appeal to the reality of the electorate as the gop ca n't be trusted with power . 
  the gop won the house popular vote in 2010 , 2014 and 2016 . 
  younger people do n't vote , hence the disproportionate midterm losses . 
  it was a mistake . 
  the gop ca n't be trusted with power . 
  do you see why i struggle to see the reasoning for this when it pertains to enemy combatants in a hostile zone ? 
  then when you do send forces in on the ground to capture a target who got american citizenship due to a parental visa overstayer getting pregnant , what 's the threshold for use of force that would put them in danger ? 
  would you be allowed call for air support on the building they 're likely located in , for example ? 
  would you have to hold fire until you get a good visual on a combatant in case they 're the target ? 
  sending in ground forces is quite difficult . 
  going into yemen , your fob might be an amphibious assault ship . 
  is that an appropriate use of ground forces ? 
  so how do you deal with us citizens fighting the us militarily . . ? 
  how do you mean more of the same ? 
  fair enough . 
  how do you plan on voting in 2018 out of interest ? 
   i 'm talking about the president circumventing someone 's right to due process and unilaterally murdering an american citizen . 
  ah so it 's back to the father - if they 're an enemy combatant why does their citizenship matter ? 
  why did he deserve to be go down shooting in a sf raid when his saudi origin equal does n't get to take out a few seals ? 
   you can scroll up if you 'd like you never addressed the denial of climate change . 
  it should respect the law of course . 
  how was a 19 year old american getting killed during the shelling of a german position against the law ? 
  you called me a partisan hack for saying the gop was a bad party and the people who voted for them were making a morally poor decision - this is one of the best examples of why . 
  how is that not relevant ?? 
  is it acceptable to kill teenage american citizens ( or any innocent people for that matter ) because they are near someone else ? 
  well i mean i 'm sure plenty of 19 year old americans were killed as collateral damage during wwii . 
  should you try to avoid that ? 
  sure . 
  should you give up fighting people who declared war on you as they have random civilians ? 
  of course not . 
  the gop does ... 
  so how do you justify denying climate change ? 
  you have a problem with me describing gop voters as bad people - i 'm pointing out one of their most malicious stances to demonstrate why . 
  does this not concern you ? 
  how did you justify voting republican downballot ? 
  look , the party denies climate change . 
  ca n't you see this ? 
  was n't he collateral damage however ? 
  i give conservative candidates a high preference most elections . 
  conservatives like joe donnelly seem to be good people . 
  there are few old school conservatives left in the gop . 
  how am i displaying partisanism as a european who does n't vote in your elections ? 
  are you saying the gop does n't deny science and economics so it 's unfair to see them as a threat ? 
  why not tell a bangladeshi that ? 
  because the man was n't in europe , he was with a militant group at war with the us in a country where the government would not be able to apprehend and extradite him . 
  that leaves only two alternatives - raid or airstrike . 
  what else could have been done ? 
   i did n't know gary johnson is an agent of the elite . 
  massive tax cuts and spending cuts ? 
  that 's exactly what the kochs et al want . 
   first ( open ) unilateral murder of an american citizen by the us government . 
  i suppose the choice was between sf and an airstrike . 
  was n't someone like this quite likely to ensure their death in a ground op with sf ? 
  look lad , i 'm european . 
  that 's my team . 
  i want what 's best for ireland and europe in a manner that 's fair to the rest of the world . 
  what partisan bs did i spew ? 
  could you answer my questions ? 
   it genuinely baffles me that people do not see the enormous similarities between the two parties or the division they clearly stoke . 
  do you have any examples of countries were the two major parties are less similar to each other than the us ? 
  jesus lad , the gop is the only governing party in the democratic world to deny climate change . 
  this classic attitude is party of why we realise we ca n't trust you guys . 
  only 30 % of you see the wood for the trees and vote democrat . 
  40 % claim both parties are the same , while the other 30 % simply decide to be bad people and vote republican ( and in all fairness democrats have ostracised social conservatives from the party ) . 
  how is this sustainable ? 
  under obama europeans were generally pro-american . 
  i think people are realising now that the gop which wins most elections ca n't be trusted . 
  so how can we trust the us when america is only ever two years away from the gop fucking everything up ? 
  syria is a case in point .
