  that 's why we defer to experts . 
  if you ca n't explain why you think that way , i 'd advise you to defer to expert opinion instead of a conspiracy theory led by people who definitely have reason to profit - from alex jones types selling snake oil ( to revitalise your male virility ) , to oil companies who have known about the reality of climate change for decades . 
   i always ask cui bono ? 
  who profits ? 
  well feel free to tell us . 
  taxation is theft innit ? 
  crazy is n't it ? 
  and the unfortunate results are very visible . 
  i found it bizarre to see vast swathes of suvs in new jersey , the densest state in the country - and these were n't little efficient kia suvs , oh no . 
  awful stuff . 
  i hope the least developed countries get their pound of flesh from the us compensation wise , but i highly doubt it . 
  russia , like the us , has access to guided munitions . 
  yet unlike the us they are not using them to effect , and indeed have been using/supplying cluster bombs . 
  as i said before , this is 2015 - and it is not a total war . 
  use precise munitions . 
  russia seems to care more about minor cost savings and using up old weapon stockpiles than civilian casualties . 
  of course , if the assad regime had cared about its populace more than maintaining absolute control we would n't have this situation in the first place . 
   how have previous projections worked out ? 
  fairly well . 
  you can read about an example of a refinement here : http://www.theguardian.com/environment/climate-consensus-97-per-cent/2014/jul/21/realistic-climate-models-accurately-predicted-global-warming  like politically motivated blind guesses than anything else . 
  care to elaborate on this conspiracy theory ? 
  care to share with us what `` the media '' is ? 
   scaring us of climate change you disagree with the projections ? 
  what a bizarre argument ... 
  you 're clearly subbed to a different subreddit to me , and i 'm not even a leftist . 
  you 'd wonder how much exposure these people have had to muslims if they 're shocked about a believer drinking ... sheesh . 
   even if entire poland disappeared overnight , nothing would change . 
  our impact is minuscule either way compared to china , us or even india . 
  that 's why , again , we negotiate at the european level . 
  anyway , minuscule is the wrong word . 
  5-10 % of something is not minuscule . 
   how neatly of you to say , from your windy , rich , small island . 
  poland is shockingly , also part of europe , so i do n't see how my speaking about what europe achieved climate wise is relevant to where i live . 
   building half a dozen of nuclear powerplants is not something we can do overnight , neither something we can afford at once , and this is the only way we could resign from coal energy in forseeable future , as neither solar , hydro , nor wind power are viable as a primary power sources in our countries well start now then . 
  you have a few years to do this . 
  personally i think these sort of things should be funded somewhat at the european level , but you 're a euroskeptic are n't you ? 
  so this is what you want . 
   in the name of not changing anything at all . 
  we have committed to certain climate obligations . 
  each state must be made to work towards them . 
  how is that not changing anything ? 
  we have led the way in climate negotiations . 
   or not on germany , for dumping the zero-emissions nuclear energy ? 
  i support fining germany if they fail to make adequate cuts too . 
  i do n't see how we can fine non european states . 
  i hope european fines are heavy and actually imposed so countries like poland and mine are both punished for failing to further cut emissions , and also incentivised to to . 
  extra territorial zones where we could send people back to for processing would be very useful in that regard . 
  still , such a system will require quotas . 
  how is russia banning european food imports a result of germany domineering europe ? 
  germany is one of the most pro-russia states . 
  the quota system does n't stop direct asylum claims . 
  you 're conflating a distribution system for italy/greece with the general asylum process . 
  of course i 'm going to those who claim that the other 27 states of the union are german puppets . 
   before admitting that you might be wrong well of course the jews do n't control europe . 
  that was a joke . 
  would you care to admit that the rest of europe is not germany 's puppet ? 
  i ca n't even think of a single state that fills that role ? 
  nl - just because they agree sometimes ? 
  uk - lol ? 
  spain - why , another epp govt ? 
  portugal - really ? 
  feel free to provide me with examples . 
   not that we 're in totalitarianism yet the fact you think that germany , a country that is still terrified of even the idea of no-fly zones , is going around trying to turn the rest of us into puppet states is telling . 
   last i checked rest of europe was somewhat of a puppet for germany . 
  i must have missed germany having the rest of europe as powerless protectorates , and hallucinated about voting in european elections , and the idea that i get to vote for my national government which has a vote in the european council of a confederal eu must be some sort of lie implanted in my brain by the liberal multikulti media . 
  who puppets the puppeteer ? 
  the jews of course . 
  the defeat of po has been a major blow for mossad , the first strike against the jewluminati that controls every minute aspect of european life . 
  certainly not with the type of munitions russia is choosing to use in syria . 
  yeah . 
  apologising for someone from the same national community makes sense , nobody should feel obliged to apologise for someone from a whole other society based on some mild similarities in skin tone . 
  the fact that the sds could get a few mps with a coherent platform makes them far and away from independents . 
  yes . 
   pis did nothing wrong the meme is strong in this one . 
  poland is not entirely free in this regard , it 's part of the eu . 
  expecting the tier of government above poland 's , the european government , to `` fuck off '' when one if its states starts behaving in a constitutionally erratic manner is weird . 
  the european government should be extremely vigilant in this regard given our continents propensity for authoritarianism . 
   was it an ideal democracy for you when german puppets were in place ? 
  this is why people ca n't take hardcore pis supporters seriously . 
  good thing we have the telegraph to wake us up from our silent drift into an intolerable european totalitarian regime . 
  oh i certainly do n't think that 's ridiculous at all . 
  completely different situation given jus soli . 
  jus soli is n't great in that context at all - as i 've said before we in ireland had to repeal it . 
  my point solely pertained to it not being advantageous for syrians . 
  comparing people from stable industrialised countries immigrating illegally to gain a higher wage to people fleeing a war ravaged country like that is n't very fair . 
  this is the telegraph , so jose asking us to vote yes is most likely the extent of what they 're talking about . 
  pretty much every asylum seeker from syria gets refugee status anyway , wo n't make a difference in that case . 
  that 's true to an extent , certainly the uk and france have a lot to answer for in that respect , and also those who enabled that betrayal of the arab revolt . 
  this is n't really true . 
  there has certainly been sectarian strife in the last 200 years , but to say there is no national loyalty is also silly . 
  an excellent example of course being palestinian forces in lebanon and jordan - palestinian sunnis were not fighting lebanese sunnis over religion , likewise with christian ones - they just backed different horses . 
  edit : might not be obvious but the palestinians were a fairly cohesive side in the lebanese civil war , united on nationality rather than sectarian divides despite a double digit percentage of christians among them . 
  exactly . 
  look how useless the west was in 2013 . 
  who should they even fight for ? 
  the west has been shit all help to the rebels . 
  if they fight with jihadis the czech president will even hate them more . 
  so that leaves pro-government forces , ie the forces that have caused most of the deaths and refugee outflow . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  oh come off it .
