  you ca n't be the majority party and deny science and economics and look good . 
  liberalism is pretty centrist . 
  ah cheers , you 're right . 
  i thought it was a turkish source ? 
  i assumed it was disinfo as part of the coup attempt . 
  good point , do n't think they corrected it either . 
  how is msnbc worse ? 
  obviously fox is , but msnbc ? 
  right , but cargo jets and ships could be supplied using europe 's own resources supplemented with stuff from allies . 
  you mean before she clarified her own comments ? 
  we need good oversight . 
  either way , what has happened is really making me think about my laissez-faire approach to this . 
  we do n't want to become the us ( where climate change is less credible for the gop than obama being a christian ) but things here are also not as bad as the us . 
  imo , a major problem is that russia only needs to torpedo the politics of one country ( eg nl ) , to fuck things up for the entire union . 
  we need some reform in this regard . 
  personally i 'd like to see less unanimity required for foreign policy issues etc , as part of the finalisation of the union ( my vision is a mix of federal and confederal , not some centralised state ) . 
  i 'm not sure if combating disinformation is the biggest issue . 
  it would become less of an issue if unanimous decision making was n't so vulnerable . 
  maybe they should try governing properly then . 
  yup , your country is fucked mate . 
  nah , hillary ran too far to the left , at least on social issues . 
  hampers democrats in the house and at state level . 
  well improved public transport helps , but yes , i agree with you . 
  look at the horrific levels of dirty coal use in germany ( and greece ) . 
  this is why democrats need to take back conservative voters . 
  yet european politicians are n't taking this seriously at all . 
  they 've their heads up their ass , afraid to confront the electorate and tell them hard truths , or are playing stupid games like pis or fidesz . 
  because there are a bunch of things we need to invest in , and limited funds for investment . 
  railway stations in hungary also need to be improved , for example . 
  incidentally , this survey was conducted in september-october . 
  i 'd be interested to see the results now . 
  i had a positive view of the us in october , i do n't now , after what happened . 
  really ? 
  eh , our socialists abstained on the eu-vietnam fta , while sanders railed against the tpp . 
  he would n't be a moderate over here . 
  maybe on the old left of labour . 
  it 's siege warfare and has been going on for quite some time . 
  talked to a coordinator about this before , he was quite angry how long it took for them to stop giving out coordinates , as the regime and then russia would use them . 
  if not bombs , they 'd be able to find the routes medical workers would take , to kill them with snipers etc. 
  he said they should have limited themselves to mobile clinics . 
  holy fucking shit , is this a joke ? 
  did msf stop giving you guys coordinates because you ordered them the wrong pizza ? 
  what should po do however ? 
  unlike the democrats they are centre right , are they really alienating social conservatives ? 
  or an honest mistake . 
  our brain is not infallible . 
  i did n't say it was . 
  eh , their role is to impress women , not straight men . 
  i just think it looks pretty impressive . 
  sure , that 's fair enough , i 'm inclined to agree . 
  per the rules :  / r/europe covers all european-related content france is a european country . 
  hawaii is not part of geographical america , but is part of political and cultural america . 
  its situation is analogous to french guinea . 
  and hawaii is not america m8 . 
  wow this is actually a good selection compared to the rose of tralee . 
  sure skinny girls with square faces need loving too . 
  we have the rose of tralee over here which is dire , but people love it . 
   there are also always a ton like you , desperate to cream yourself over anything pertaining to `` diversity '' and all that pish . 
  what does this have to do with diversity ? 
  she is guianan , guiana is part of france . 
  do n't you love her hair ? 
  i think she 's really pretty . 
  i love her hair and eyes . 
  not my type physically and i ca n't be bothered to look at the competition , but seems like her phenotype won the competition fair and square . 
  american is n't an ethnicity even if russian is . 
  i love that style of hair . 
  a dane i was talking to a few weeks ago had something of similar scope ( she was of somali origin ) , it 's even more impressive irl . 
  oh i agree . 
  i think the economic aspect is not a massive part of this . 
   most well kept `` secret '' of modern west . 
  neoliberal economy model have empowered the rich politically even more and current wave of populism is a reaction to that . 
  either there will be a real change in distribution of wealth ( and power ) or we will spiral out of control . 
  society composed of mainly poor and struggling people is not one where democracy can flourish . 
  this phenomenon . 
  how does this deal with the issue of right wing populism though ? 
  what alternative do you propose ? 
  my answer is based on picketty 's critiques . 
  he 's a very important figure on this front . 
  yet he was ignored by jeremy corbyn for example , hence my statement . 
  the problem is that the critics of `` neoliberalism '' tend to avoid offering solutions . 
  there is a solution of course . 
  keep the `` neoliberal '' model , but increase taxation , and increase government investment instead of trying to augment individual consumption . 
  europe needs new nuclear plants , solar capacity , metro systems , tanks , fighters , warships etc more than it needs the well off to consume frivolously . 
  socialists ca n't provide this vision as they wish to destroy capitalism . 
  centrist parties do n't want to lose votes by proposing increased taxation . 
  the far right wants to actively reduce taxation . 
  well yes . 
  we elect governments to govern on behalf of us , not to give people exactly what they want . 
  otherwise we would have hardly any taxes and a ridiculous amount of spending . 
  well the representative governments all agree . 
  and obviously political union entails pooling of sovereignty . 
  so you 're not worried at all about how collective european decisions are going to be negated by this ? 
   and the dutch do n't want it joining the eu down the road . 
  see , there you go . 
  no one is worried about tunisia joining the eu and we are working on a similar agreement with them - disinformation and fear mongering . 
  general elections make sense - provide a general view of your plan of governance . 
  these referenda get hijacked . 
   the governments of those states are elected by their people , and their first and foremost responsibility is to represent their people . 
  we elect representatives to govern for us . 
  europe is governed by parliament and the council/council of ministers , composed of national governments .
