  able for the job anyway , i 'd imagine . 
  would some spanish redditors like to tell me what they 'd like to see happen ? 
  would abdication and succession be a good idea in their view ? 
  personally i think monarch 's should retire as such sometime in their seventies . 
  times change but they may not . 
  and bearing such responsibility and burden until death is unfair , in my opinion . 
  well bashar is the saddam of today i guess , and the russians are arming him . 
  it really is weird just to see the bodies like that . 
  quite eerie . 
  why are us banks and military contractors inherently more evil than european ones ? 
  perhaps they may be , but the differences are not near enough to warrant such targeted action . 
  i would say the west getting involved in libya saved many thousands of lives , to be fair . 
  the west also helped smooth the transition in egypt . 
  interesting to see britain and france cooperating so much in this area . 
  i think it will be interesting to see in a few years - will we be kicking ourselves for not arming the anti-govt . 
  forces , or kicking ourselves from arming them ? 
  one thing i will say - the non secular forces are the ones who are getting arms now . 
  the european powers obviously favour the secular ones . 
  the problem is of course is that adding more fuel to the fire is likely to have major ramifications . 
  damn white people , stealing all my jobs and houses . 
  that 's great to hear , whitevictory . 
  must be awful being an oppressed white man , what with all that lack of racism and such . 
  it took 40 % unemployment to get the nazis into power . 
  i do not think europe will let that happen , or the lessons we have learned from history . 
  but the threat is there nonetheless . 
  even the rhetoric and support changes things - increased discrimination for example . 
  i imagine golden dawn 's talk has made it harder for darker skinned greeks , and immigrants to get help , support , jobs - even respect . 
  it is dangerous , unfortunately . 
  10 % is a lot really . 
  yes , i know . 
  it is merely a joke on argentinians apparently thinking of themselves as the white europeans of south america . 
  i am generally one of the ones who moans about racists , do n't worry . 
  oh good , a white european pope . 
  we did it guys !, 
  ^ ^ argentinians ^ ^ are ^ ^ the ^ ^ white ^ ^ europeans ^ ^ of ^ ^ south ^ ^ america , ^ ^ close ^ ^ enough . 
  threats to cut funding and exclude hungary , and an actual intent to act on them , basically . 
  that 's certainly a fair point to make , and there certainly is an argument for ` conservative means for progressive purposes ' . 
  however things like loosening the smoking ban are certainly backwards . 
  this is a serious issue which is not getting enough coverage . 
  orb\u00e1n is a threat to democracy . 
  left unchecked , he has attempted to move hungary back many years . 
  yet , other european countries do nothing . 
  when the far right won the austrian elections in 1999 other states took action . 
  but what happens now with hungary ? 
  something has to give . 
  just shows the backwardness of the base they are trying to tap into , i guess . 
  past of europe more like i think , judging by parts of here . 
  certainly with regards to the little island i live on . 
  i reckon that we could leave most of the burden to the us . 
  but if peacekeepers , aid and personnel are needed , i would hope we would contribute . 
  perhaps there may be rogue elements that are left to be dealt with ( although i doubt it ) . 
  while i do not feel that we should get involved in the initial ( and likely final ) days of war , certainly because our forces are n't there , i think that we should get involved in the ` cleanup ' as it were , to some extent . 
  an adage as old as written history itself , but really , would we have half as many problems as a korean peninsula ravaged by war ? 
  this is awful . 
  i can only hope that few more families will have to endure this situation , although i know this wo n't be the case . 
  there are irregular verbs in every language , ones like see -  saw are so common that they are not a big issue . 
  things like geese and such are far bigger issues . 
  i get the impression that english is relatively easy to get a grasp on , but takes years to master . 
  but do you not think that europe has a responsibility , given its position , to help keep the peace , as it were ? 
  isolationism is not workable , i am afraid . 
  ah fair enough , 
  perhaps it may have been easier in some respects but : people had worse cars , one shitty tv at best , bland samey meals , holidays consisted of a week at a beach down the road , children rarely went on to university , and so on . 
  not to mention lower life expectancy , worse infrastructure and so on . 
  still , that sort of research provides valuable civilian advances and creates a market for r&d . societies should be trying to get as much people researching and developing as efficiency possible , after all , r&d is what our future is based on . 
  wait what ? 
  what do we do with our preconceived notions of superiority now ? 
  laugh at ourselves in mirrors while calling ourselves ` dumb yuropeans ' ? 
  i would almost * want * to be conscripted just for that coat of arms . 
  well someone has to i guess . 
  i would just like to see far more stringent controls on gm in europe than one sees in other places . 
  * soon . 
  jihad is actually a pretty common name , at least in the gulf states . 
  it means ` stuggle ' . 
  still , i usually prefer names that insinuate kids are lion tamers and such but then again others like to just choose the grandfathers name ... 
  i hope that as serbia matures other countries will see this , and that serbs will be able to visit as they should . 
  it would be nice to see serbia putting the ball in the others ' court , i guess . 
  the ` black and tans ' were a bunch of war scarred louts who should n't have been sent to ireland , but were all that could be gotten . 
  local recruits were simply not doing their jobs during 1919-1921 . 
  a lot of atrocities but with regards to the time and situation , could have been far worse . 
  the irish famine annoys me far more , however . 
  i find it hard to believe that westminster would have left one million people in south-east england die . 
  one thing that really pisses me off is that ireland was an integral part of the uk , and far more help should have been given during the famine . 
  greece , are you volunteering ? 
  sounds like a plan . 
  italy has been stagnated for two decades . 
  reform is needed , and it seems the need for reform is being denied . 
  unfortunately reform is being tied together with austerity , and thus support for reform is getting weaker and weaker . 
  now is the time to put in place reforms , to appoint investigative committees with binding implications and such . 
  because people can see the problem of non-reform so visibly right now , sadly . 
  yuan is used in common parlance to refer to the renminbi . 
  do you correct people when they pound instead of sterling too ? 
  also the * renminbi * is not a reserve currency ( for good reason ) . 
  the euro and dollar are . 
  so yes they are more important . 
  well switzerland is already a hermit state - what should be do with belgium , denmark and the netherlands ? 
  someone should just annex them all . 
  * nothing tastes as good as european feels . 
  * ^ ^ cough, 
  its the best . 
  add some milk .
