  i 'm waiting for a turk to show up so i can criticise them for their 12 week abortion limit , the irony train ca n't stop now !, 
  well it 's the daughter now . 
  feckin ' catholics and their breeding . 
  you mean the dutch province that was named after glorious new zealand , of course . 
   glorious austria , most civilised country yes . 
  sounds a bit 1984ish , like something one would here about happening in russia and such . 
  well , there is , it is our fault we let things get this way . 
  de-fossil fuel electricity generation , increase the pace of reduction in transport emissions . 
  it certainly can be done . 
  it 's a question of will . 
  oh well :( i hope the attention this guy gets will help him out anyway . 
  he 's clearly a hard worker . 
   * top story of the week : the fire brigade had to rescue two beavers out of a ` biotope ' near the nuclear power station zwentendorf ( which was never put into operation ) . 
  so they built a ladder , but the beavers ate it . 
  in a second attempt the beavers finally used the ladder to get back into the danube . 
  this is adorable !, 
   * 2 weeks ago a hungarian worker lost his right arm in a work accident . 
  so he fetched his cut-off arm , went to his car , drove some 20km to the next hospital , where , at the emergency entrance , he told the doorman that he had an accident and his arm is wounded . 
  the doorman now did n't see what really happened and told him to drive to the general entrance . 
  there he got himself a parking ticket , went into the hospital , showed them his arm and told them to please sew it on again . 
  in a 6-hour long operation they managed to reattach it . 
  unfortunately he got an infection this week and they had to take his arm off again . 
  so after all that he lost his arm ? 
  get to the choppah, 
  while that might be true , it 's true for every european country . 
  how is it a bad thing calling for sterner targets ? 
  the uk has my full support on this . 
  well at the end of the day both these prophets were manipulated . 
  jesus by a cult and mohammed by a government . 
  religions are by and large pretty strange . 
  the abrahamic god is a crazed warlord . 
  anyway , people said all that about catholics in the previous century . 
  in 60s northern ireland for example if you replaced all instances of muslim with catholic you 'd have hardline protestants howling in agreement . 
  people sadly seem to always need a target for their intolerance ... 
  it 's just a different way of saying uk and ireland really . 
  well , i got the first syllable right , that 's a start . 
   this rape of syria exposes the cynical decision by middle class pseudo-left organizations -- such as the international socialist organization ( iso ) , the german left party , the new anti-capitalist party ( npa ) in france , and the socialist workers party ( swp ) in britain -- to package the syrian war as a `` revolution . '' their class position emerges clearly in this point : they hail the looting of syrian oil to boost the oil corporations ' profit margins as a `` revolution , '' and the looters as `` revolutionaries . '' apparently the real revolutionaries are the ones trying to cling to power at all costs . 
   the lebanese shia militia is a close ally of syria and iran and regarded as a main obstacle to israeli military dominance in the near east . 
  yes , hezbollah is stopping israel military dominance of the near east . 
  glorious leftist strong hezbollah . 
  ha  he vowed to keep power , accusing israel and other `` foreign powers '' of supporting the islamist opposition . 
  `` israel is directly supporting the terrorist groups in two ways , firstly it gives them logistical support , and it also tells them what sites to attack and how to attack them , '' he said . 
  so are they islamists or are they israeli stooges ? 
   police arrested 13 people for trying to break up the rally good to see the police on the side of the marchers rather than the bigots . 
   a number of protesters - including orthodox church members - gathered nearby to denounce the march . 
   `` ukraine is not america , kiev is not sodom , '' they chanted . 
  well they are missing out in that case . 
  jesus , what business does a metro company have telling people to not do that ? 
  no reason unless they are causing disruption or trouble which is hardly the case . 
  good example of why we need more cooperation between eu navies . 
  the us has a good strategy . 
  design a decent attack submarine , build twenty . 
  we design a mediocre one , plan to build five , end up with one and the scrapped hulls of three . 
  also , this is basically a cost overrun rather than a $ 500 million waste . 
   world socialist web site  published by the international committee of the fourth international ( icfi ) great source . 
  these fuckers will support genocide in the name of socialism , killing a few thousand syrians probably only strengthens bashar 's ` socialist ' credentials in their eyes . 
  oh well i pay for 3mb/s at the moment ( for like $ 40 a month with included calls ) , but get 6mb/s ( yay ... ) . 
  are you in america at the moment ? 
  i got offered 40mb/s with free british isles calls for * just * $ 55 . 
  suck it mainlanders . 
  ^ ^ please ^ ^ help, 
  well we could quarantine every village . 
  this was a regulatory , and human failure that could have happened in mauritius just as easily as in the union . 
  how is turkey 's economy doing ? 
  it was doing well while the eu 's was in the shit up to last year , although it seems inflation is far too high and the current account deficit remains huge . 
  good to see investment in renewable energy although this article gives no background . 
  the irish times is a bastion of irish liberalism and good journalism usually , they were the ones who flouted war censorship with their v arrangement of photographs on the front page on ve day ( the press was n't allowed to be delighted about the allies winning ) . 
  do n't know what happened here . 
  i imagine it is a piss poor attempt to boost faltering sales . 
  yeah there certainly is scope for a lot of legitimate criticism , but a lot of the ` non-racists ' that visit here tend to have posting histories indicating actual racism , and also things like anti-semitism . 
  there are indicators for them , such as names beginning with ` muh ' . 
  i would rather people engage in peaceful protest than what seems to be somewhat recreational rioting . 
  effective peaceful protest usually gets better results than destroying the products of human labour . 
  when they stop entertaining us evidently . 
  also beheading , how liberal . 
   i 've never once come across anyone who thinks that turkey is european . 
  have you left the house ? 
  i think banning alcohol ads is a good plan . 
  however 10pm is maybe too early to stop selling alcohol . 
  turkey does n't seem to have the same alcohol problems that northern europe has , while we probably need these sort of measures they do n't really . 
  as did catholics , kebabstinks . 
  that 's bizarre alright . 
  pakistan has nukes and has * tended * to be less democratic than iran . 
  well there 's the closing mines , and the prince of asturias = prince of wales . 
  that 's enough for me !, 
  where ? 
  it is really hard to immigrate their if you are n't european or from one of the commonwealth monarchies . 
  britain does n't just let un-educated foreigners in i 'll think you 'll find . 
  they are n't needed these days . 
  did he sound like an immigrant to you ? 
  perfect london accent . 
  do n't buy into what the bigots want you to think , you 're surely more open minded than that ... 
  haha yeah good thing there were no irish terrorists ever barry , eh ? 
  lest you forget sikhs murdered indira gandhi - provoked by non-muslims being dicks to the sikhs . 
  lest you forget the 1900 years up until wwii of oppression of jews , and eventual extermination - by christians . 
  and of course , being a jew in arab and european muslim societies was a much better plan than being one in a christian european one . 
   because we all know what the majority of people from other races and religions engage is-in 90 % of the cases it 's either crime or ruthless abusement of the country 's system . 
  that 's it . 
  ok and on the other hand here is an example of a longstanding bigoted poster . 
  mind you i far prefer that .
