  there 's absolutely no need for this . 
  indeed . 
  this is one of the easiest things to coordinate . 
  still , by doing this at the german level it should make it easier to organise at the european level . 
  it 's more a case of `` safe to send people back to '' . 
  western tourists are n't going to be harassed/deported when visiting such countries . 
  if we send someone back there after a failed asylum claim things could be quite different ( for what it 's worth i support this move , i do n't think there are such issues with these three ) . 
  did you read the article ? 
  these were not syrians . 
  that 's a fair point . 
  most of what i see are studies done of < 1000 patients in the university hospital . 
  i would n't say it 's bad science , it 's just often a waste of time for us . 
  we do n't have a clue what we are doing . 
  anyone who is against a shoot to kill border policy is a leftist to these people . 
  that 's what happens when you spend your teenage years on / pol / i suppose . 
  well that certainly does n't make much sense . 
  i said last two decades , algerians who arrived in the 60s are 50 years out of that scope , sweden is the only country that comes close , and i doubt halting population decline was the main goal of accepting refugees . 
  especially when you consider all the family raising incentives there , they clearly went down the route of maintaining population via births . 
  what do you mean ? 
  well surely that 's the point . 
  not too sure why my post is getting downvoted , if anyone is confused i 'm perfectly aware of the rules , would explain the single digit gender differences . 
   todays neo-nazi movement is far from organised . 
  long may it remain so . 
  i 'm pretty sure i saw a post there re sexual assault by non-westerners ( of african and/or muslim origin ) in norway i think - and the top vote was n't actually focusing on the `` mudslimes '' , but on women will report anything as rape etc etc. 
  the cognitive dissonance is more terrifying than funny , there are people there that claim to have children ... 
   mass immigration is probably the worst measure and it seems to be the favourite choice for some countries . 
  ... such as ? 
  what country has been using non-western mass immigration to halt population decline in the last two odd decades ? 
   also , at least their heart is in the right place , even though their mind is , well , they 're out of it so it 's not really anywhere , any more . 
  i think this is why i 'll still tend to sympathise with socialists - i think they often really do empathise with groups they rightfully realise are marginalised . 
  however unfortunately they often fail to realise that said marginalised groups can often oppress others themselves ( as we see with islamists for example - the far left fails to grasp this so often ) . 
  the far right on the other hand see white ( in europe ) male people of christian background as the real victims . 
  it 's completely bizarre , but it tends to reach disgusting levels of racism , misogyny and so on . 
  anyone who identifies with the cause of the most oppressed rather than the least oppressed will have more of my sympathy , especially when we see the rhetoric of the far right and how they describe all those under them . 
  that 's not surprising . 
  france may have issues with ghettoisation and such , but french muslims are certainly not as conservative as a group as britain 's . 
  i 'd imagine a lot of those answering would simply be of islamic background too , non practising and possibly non believing . 
  i certainly understand countries being concerned about the divergence of ideas of their muslims from the rest of society , but this should be much less of an issue in poland given how conservative it is ( of course that depends on the background of said muslim population ) . 
  edit : http://imgur.com/pr99qlv - this is page 32 which shows different attitudes . 
  not great , but i can only imagine most of those statistics ( marrying a black/atheist/asian / same-sex ) would be worse in poland than with french muslims . 
  apart from same-sex marriage , one 's daughter marrying an atheist had the highest level of `` reacting badly '' - some 48 % said they would do so . 
  catholics are more tolerable it seems for one 's daughter to marry - i suppose poland could agree on that !, 
  anyway , this shows that france is seeing progress with their muslim population . 
  might be odd to state that britain may have lessons to learn from france in this regard , but i would n't discount the possibility . 
  yeah . 
  i may not like die linke etc , and if they ever managed to seriously influence europe 's foreign policy i 'd be worried . 
  but that 's not the major problem now . 
  no ones saying that 's not the case ? 
  where she 'll hurt innocents ? 
  how about we jail her as sentenced , rather than killing her or getting others killed for no good reason ? 
  exactly . 
  she needs help which she is getting . 
  people do n't just get early release for fun . 
  many of these may be fake , but i 'd imagine there are an awful lot of minors too who 've been trafficked for criminal purposes , and have since been ( re ) captured by criminal gangs who plan to exploit them . 
  that 's how sex trafficking and such has always worked , you feed them lies then exploit them until they 're no more use to you . 
  i 'm all for defending our borders . 
  what people wo n't want to is shoot asylum seekers when they try to cross the border without offering them some means of recourse . 
  of course , some boards are better than others . 
  as i said , disproportionate . 
  think about what i 'm saying . 
   owes these selfish welfare wueens so they 're all the same ? 
  should we shoot all russians who try to claim asylum in europe too ? 
   they 're fly planes into your buildings and massacre people in your capital cities . 
  jesus where did this come from ? 
  it 's not blackmail . 
  these people will understandably move if they do n't see a future in staying years more in shitty refugee camps . 
  some will hopefully be able to enter the mainstream workforce due to a stringer economy , but we 'll have to keep funding such programmes of course . 
  our budget attitude has proved quite costly so far after all . 
   firstly , thinking it 's fine for a certain group to be killed does not mean you think it 's fine for all groups to be killed , that 's absurd . 
  right , but surely / u/sholace wishes them to be drowned because these people will pose a disproportionate amount of problems for society . 
  the same logic applies to many 4chan users - there 's a disproportionate amount of misogyny , racism , homophobia , mass shootings and so on among the userbase . 
  has n't worked too well in the us has it ? 
  also if you know any singaporeans you might get the idea that the whole crazy strict authoritarian thing probably is n't the best for your state of mind . 
  yeah exactly . 
  we need a carrot first , big stick lager approach . 
  these countries often do n't want these people back . 
  we have to provide some reasons too , we should have lots of leverage with say , senegal . 
  must be a lovely chap , clearly has an excellent ability to put himself in others shoes . 
  seriously , how did he get far in his party when he says things like this to other ministers ? 
  what difference would my being italian make ? 
  maybe you should re-read my post before accusing me of having logical difficulties . 
   when poland helps ukrainians by letting them work we get attacked by germany for not having `` real refugees '' . 
  now they want to implement same model we did . 
  eh , no they do n't . 
  and those ukrainians are n't real refugees ( just as those moroccans are n't ) but as someone who is very keen on aiding ukraine , i 've no problem with allowing them to work in europe for better wages if it helps back home . 
  because the alternative is a shoot to kill policy on the borders and the population of europe are n't going to lower themselves to that . 
  yeah , many of these people are chasing a dream , not the reality of what actually faces them . 
  providing work and education will help neuter such unrealistic hopes . 
  unfortunately a lot of them do n't care . 
  that might n't be their fault , some people have major issues with empathy ( and of course one needs to avoid too much empathy as well ) . 
  but there are people here who take the `` no aid , no help , shoot to kill at the borders '' approach . 
  most people have genuine concerns of course , but these are a vocal minority that really are powered by hate sadly . 
  people want to work though . 
  a life of unemployment is n't that attractive , but that 's what awaits . 
  yeah , everyone needs to help with this , it 's the biggest refugee crisis since wwii ( and of course we were lucky to have the us help us so much then ) . 
  if you lack empathy at least consider self interest , this will give these people something to keep them in place , removing a push factor . 
  indeed . 
  they use the euro too . 
  but there are some level of permanent controls . 
  that 's what i 'm suggesting .
