  i want a europe that is growing and vibrant . 
  not germans ? 
  bavarians i 'd say . 
  we should remove those cypriots too . 
  nevermind those mongol finns , eh ? 
  space exploration helped drive r&d though , stuff like financial betting does n't . 
  the space race started out militarily , lest we forget . 
  it was all about getting ahead technologically . 
  its immersed , not bored . 
  [ according to le figaro ] ( http://www.lefigaro.fr/flash-actu/2013/05/11/97001-20130511filwww00340-attentats-en-turquie-plus-de-40-morts-le-bilan-pourrait-s-alourdir.php ) , more than 40 are dead and over 100 wounded . 
  seems the guardian is a bit slower with the updates , but either way this is pretty shocking stuff . 
  false equivalence i think . 
  i do n't want kosher/halal food either but that is whole different kettle of fish to country/region of origin . 
  you ca n't just put every into one box really . 
  i have n't had many positive experiences with non-settled travellers , but i am prejudiced , and things are probably improving . 
  hopefully my kids wont end up seeing things the way i sometimes do i guess . 
  ah yes , upvoting the genocide condoning troll . 
  well , that is a statement i can largely agree with . 
  not some manufactured headline . 
  given that these days most of the us population lives hand to mouth in great fear , makes the us poor have it pretty bad . 
  a university education is the equivalent of a house in the usa . 
  imagine trying to afford that . 
  yeah , see this is a unilateral , wrong statement too . 
  the us poor have it pretty shit . 
  tbf though , this is pretty bug european news . 
  its not some player signing for brighton , its a major change in top tier european football . 
  it 's all well and good to say that , but on the other hand its government that has created the conditions for universal education , healthcare , housing etcetera . 
  such unilateral statements are simply decisive , and oft wrong . 
  they may not be ethnically roma , but they are gypsies alright . 
  same issues , same sort of culture . 
  many have n't adapted well to modern settled life sadly . 
  that said , many ` travellers ' have long been settled , and would n't be seen as such . 
  to be fair , given how common it is as a first name among arab boys at least , i would n't be surprised if it was in the top 10 in lots of countries . 
  not that representative i think . 
   i mean turkey will never be allowed into the eu , and a a sizable portion of the people do n't want that either . 
  that attitude is n't helping . 
  not all of us see things that way . 
  14 % is more than in ireland , however while we have far more women graduates and less female academics . 
  fair fucks to turkey i say . 
  oh joy , a peak of 28.5 % . 
  that 's not even 1 in 3 out of work !, 
  what a great plan . 
  cutting jobs with massive unemployment is a bad idea . 
  in my opinion , put these reforms in place , to be acted upon when , well , unemployment is actually low . 
  do n't just fire people when there 's nowhere for them to go . 
  i do n't care what it was , his remarks were correct . 
  he is right . 
  we have a massive moral crisis . 
  the problem is if we 'd lose the ability for ` silly bullshit ' like mali or libya . 
  we need that ability . 
  yeah this is radegar , that 's the name of his game . 
   homeschooling is illegal in germany , prompting one family , the romeikes , to flee to tennessee seeking asylum . 
  this gave me a chuckle . 
  what an odd family . 
  france has , i think . 
  as has denmark i 'd say . 
  feel free to disagree though . 
  they certainly can if it is consultative , and they may call as many referenda as the like . 
  no , you were 100 % right . 
  unfortunately this part of the comment section seems to have been hijacked by folks who are unfortunately quite close minded . 
  they are not joking , you were . 
  not really , the people just get lied to , for the ` greater good ' or whatever . 
  careful now , let 's not criticise our categorically non racist friends here . 
  well , ireland is a small country . 
  in many places , the senate represents regions as such . 
  ireland is pretty homogeneous , thus there is no need for that . 
  furthermore it has little power , and is largely made up of appointed members by special interest groups . 
  for example , my father can vote for candidates for a few seats as he is a university graduate , my mother d'autre part can not . 
  ireland has this fascination with referendums . 
  it 's pretty annoying . 
  i have come to the conclusion that the only worse decision makes on issues than politicians are referenda voters . 
  the non-issues that they get sucked into are oft amazing . 
  libya was just embarrassing really . 
  one would assume that a few trillion euro of economic might would be enough to have the capacity to intervene alone in a small neighbour across the narrow sea , seems not . 
  i do n't know , i said i liked foreigners and got denmark , do n't be so harsh on yourselves :d, 
  its more the depth of coverage , in comparison to say , istanbul . 
  interesting to see that moscow is better covered than turkey and the western balkans . 
  oh do n't be so bitter !, 
  many are fine . 
  hey guys , look how progressive we are . 
  another person has to die in pain and without dignity , despite being well able to want otherwise . 
  what a stupid situation . 
  all decisions like this do is push people suffering these diseases to a ) suffer unnecessarily or b ) end their lives prematurely . 
  she is far more italian than them if those attacks reflect their values . 
  fuck this ` total opposition ' stuff . 
  how could you have forgotten the polish-baltic wars of the 80s , and the invasion ? 
  and their gdp per capita figures of $ 700 ?!, 
  seriously though , the wealth gulf is massive , as is the situations of these places . 
  one ca n't compare krakow to mogadishu . 
   do n't be fucking stupid !, 
  you have mother fucking financial industry mother fucking several times bigger than the mother fucking country !!!, 
  how mother fucking stupid you have to be to not fucking understand that you will be severely fucked when things go fucked !!!, 
  fuck you !!!, 
  you had the fucking chance to mother fucking vote and make a fucking difference , but you did n't use it !, 
  so fuck you !, 
  fuck i care !, 
  jesus no need to shout , all we want is cheap money . 
  ireland has n't fired any civil servants as far as i know . 
  granted our situation is less dire but still . 
  well i have no major difficulties with the four courts attack .
