  seemed like hysteria to me , not like they were giving a marxist the premiership . 
  it took years for the erdo\u011fan admin to achieve this level of autocratic mindset . 
  except our economy is dozens of times the size of vietnam . 
  there 'll always be another few countries . 
  so when europe decides to screw vietnam over , vietnam can just suffer a large recession and take their business elsewhere ? 
  fair enough i guess . 
  but why do it at all ? 
  things are n't going to shit , unemployment is just stubbornly high . 
  defaulting over 10 % unemployment is batshit insane . 
  so if a country decides to discriminate , do n't invest . . ? 
  does n't this defeat half the purpose of a trade agreement ? 
  the eu-vietnam fta has isds , what would be the alternative you 'd like ? 
  is n't fillon still polling within the margin of error ? 
  eh sticking it deep underground seems grand . 
  not much of an excuse given climate change . 
  yeah ... 
  i 'm sure she 'd be great for some manual work . 
  obama did worse than kerry in a lot of the south yeah . 
  but mccain did n't go appeal to those with racial anxiety in the way that reagan/trump did . 
  if he did i wonder if you 'd have seen a more extreme shift . 
  lol , this is what i was thinking of tbh . 
  simpler times , when men were men and commies were traitors . 
  yeah , the croatian president is pretty good looking , i 'll give you guys that . 
  yeah i completely agree . 
  i think these issues are being addressed now , but they were ignored for years . 
  wilders has burned too many bridges , he wo n't be trusted as a coalition partner . 
  when has the far left come close to winning . . ? 
  the idea of europe producing more than one new mbt line is mad given how few we have . 
  good to hear that . 
   lots of people who are loving this trump brexit farage le pen stuff are operating on an anti-status-quo mindset let 's be honest , for a lot of these people it 's an excuse . 
  `` anti-establishment '' seems to be code for anti-intellectualism , as few of these people actually care about corruption or special interest cronyism . 
  definitely more qualified than someone with over four decades of military experience !, 
  how has the eu-mexican fta been bad for france over the last 16 years ? 
  we 've had an fta with mexico since 2000 . 
  how successful will this be ? 
  public opinion in ireland has not been softened by may trying to vaguely appeal to us . 
  but the mentality is different here given how we tend to see the uk going back to its old domineering role where it sees fit to demand whatever it wishes at our expense . 
  still , i guess the focus will be on politicians rather than the public - hence the additional staff . 
  but politicians act based on public opinion . 
  the us economy has recovered slightly better gdp wise , but the real difference is in employment . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/4/4b/unemployment_rates_eu-28_ea-19_us_and_japan_seasonally_adjusted_january_2000_december_2016.png the double dip recession we imposed on ourselves hit us hard and did nothing to reduce debt . 
  two of the most private in europe definitely , but also two of the most spending intensive . 
  if syria is better than we can reject asylum claims . 
  very true . 
  we have to realise we 'll be screamed at either way and act in a moral manner that bests protects europe . 
  i get a bit annoyed watching the cults americans form around politicians i guess . 
  well it goes both ways , that 's cooperation . 
  until we have a proper nuclear deterrent and much more troops on the border , as well as an end to the veto ability of a single member state on foreign affairs , russia poses an existential threat to the union . 
  oh believe me i know all too well . 
  get ready for the 28 colonies of new america , mate :(, 
  sure . 
  my point is america was a necessary ally and anti-american forces generally end up being pro-russia . 
  but centre left ? 
  why would they have beencompletely opposed to the us in 2009 ? 
  the 1670s ? 
  europe has plenty of centre left people in power . 
  sure , but under the liberal consensus of truman , eisenhower , jfk and lbj , the us lowered their tariffs more than poorer countries , while encouraging further mutual reductions . 
  as other countries have developed , it has moved to a more equitable position . 
  now with trump , they are demanding a privileged position , seeking to achieve it by bullying . 
  they are not out for mutually beneficial negotiations . 
  we did not seek to hurt south korea when negotiating our fta . 
  yes we wanted maximal benefit , but we realised that would be achieved by a strong korean economy . 
  americans no longer subscribe to this logical and fair thinking . 
  pro-america as an ally , not pro-republican nutters . 
  oh i agree , i had similar hopes with hollande . 
  who are we enslaving in mali ? 
  when african governments fail it sets off a domino effect that hits europe . 
  we then have to deal with the migration . 
  anyway , this is a blatant violation of international norms and israel deserves to be sanctions . 
  if they want to steal populated land they should make things better for the native population at the very least , not worse . 
  sure , i agree it could have - and should have - been done much better . 
  europe was expected to make itself interested , and failed to do so . 
  cameron disappeared , sarko was replaced , merkel showed no leadership as ever , and it finally took renzi 's arrival for things to change . 
  i do n't think we could have acted earlier though . 
  efforts had been made to bring gaddafi into the international fold - reasonable , as we can not destroy dictatorships simply for idealistic reasons . 
  so the rebellion had no early assistance . 
  these are my sentiments exactly . 
  i hate to say it but i 'm really starting to like macron . 
  europe needs this pragmatic , realistic vision . 
  we need to cooperate and we need to be able to prevent africa and such from falling apart and hurting us too . 
  god speed man , god speed . 
  how would libya have went better if we stood idly by though ? 
  die linke would be too pro-russian though . 
  that 's a normal thing . 
  it 's the timing that was bizarre . 
  who is we ? 
  well being a tax haven has to have a downside ( i 'm irish ... ), 
  have they started construction ? 
  the plan for the dublin metro is to start in 2020 ... and finish in 2027 . 
  probably because there 's a tendency to report conservative and moderate predictions . 
  except our government is n't capitalising on it . 
  as soon as the result went through the government should 've announced they were cancelling planned cuts and were going to immediately start work on the dublin metro project , and we still have no plan for a tram system in cork . 
  6 months later , still no earlier start date . 
  work is slated to begin in * 2020 * . 
  how serious is the government about making ireland attractive for businesses ? 
  except macron is more the clinton candidate . 
  hamon is sanders . 
  fillon is like kasich . 
  i agree , we should cooperate with russia in removing russian forces from ukraine . 
  yes , i assume there was some planning .
