  fuck ireland 's victim complex , christ on a bike . 
  it 's cheaper than coal , or oil , or gas when you take into account externalities . 
  stop making excuses for wanting to shut down nuclear before replacing all fossil fuel based electricity generation . 
  and here was i thinking you actually gave a fuck about the congolese . 
  yeah but they 're not making a joke , but an actual point . 
  maybe i 'm just being old and grumpy , but the reddit looks enough like 4chan as is these days . 
  it just annoys me , no need to turn / r/europe into / r/the _ donald you know with all this 4chan speak when you 're not actually making a joke . 
  this is n't 4chan . 
  eh , i 'm not too sure of that . 
  you still had very few educated people produced compared to other , smaller directly ruled colonies ( ie non protectorates ) . 
  the french did a lot of fucking up too of these places but they started educating africans much earlier and on a larger scale . 
  of course , things would 've been much better if the congolese stayed under belgian rule past the 60s for another few years , but after the genocide perpetrated who would n't want to be independent at any cost ? 
  and then of course post-independence , what the belgians did was terrible . 
  if no matters of state security were involved he should never have been even asked . 
  he was right to deny it . 
  reminds me of the officials in the uae who thought ireland was still part of the uk . 
  i mean for a layman from a different continent that 's fair enough , but when it 's your job ? 
  soyuz nerushimy republik svobnikh great russia has welded together to ever stand god save our soviet fatherland created in struggle by free will of people together in glory our sacred land will free the masses from ameristan glory be to lenin , our savior and guiding hand god save our soviet fatherland, 
  always find it sad when people who can give so much more to the world die when they had so many more years to give to us . 
  i know people have to die eventually , but i 'd rather these people get to do even more . 
  james horner comes to mind when it comes to similar people who died in the last year . 
  or how about we stick to life imprisonment ? 
  i hope the alleged victim does n't lose the case due to being intoxicated ( if the allegations are true ) , as so often happens . 
  or we could do both . 
  anyway , what are you going to do when otherwise transiently starving countries collapse ? 
  people will flee . 
  there 'll be a domino effect . 
  i assume you 'll be manning the coast guard ship on the med ? 
  why on earth does austria need immediate austerity ? 
  european demand is too low as is . 
  maybe if we have  3 % inflation i 'd be more sympathetic , but unemployment is 10 % and we have a lot of unused capacity . 
  and we do provide help . 
  could we provide more ? 
  well in many instances i 'm in favour of that . 
  we do have this instrument called taxation where we can levy resources from the general populace . 
  i 'm also in favour of higher carbon taxes , taxes on capital and income at the higher levels . 
  reminds me of a joke :  an immigrant , a worker and a banker are sitting at the table with 10 cookies . 
  the banker takes 9 and then tells the worker `` watch out , the immigrant is going to steal your cookie '' . 
  it 's not a choice between our worst off and development/emergency aid . 
   that 'd see the law changed to allow it fairly sharpish . 
  that 's exactly it . 
  we just outsource our abortions , which the majority of women can avail of . 
  the poorest , most vulnerable though ? 
  well fuck them , political convenience is more important apparently . 
  those women and their families have virtually no political weight , as opposed to the people who can go across the irish sea relatively easily . 
  that 's a case of long term planning , not immediate austerity . 
  i wonder why the bbc news app was showing it as a top story to little old irish me then well after the details were revealed . 
  i would n't mind but it is n't even so . 
  maybe anti-feudal . 
  at risk of hunger = / = starvation . 
  i would n't say that term was racist , but the rest of his posting demonstrated that they were n't the most pleasant individual . 
  surely apartheid is a reasonable description , holocaust obviously is not . 
  they probably mean black africans rather than non black ethnics . 
  yes it does : you state `` nothing much changes '' . 
  secession entails massive changes unless you go the norwegian route and become a pseudo-vassal . 
  the eec was always intended as a political union . 
  what on earth did you expect ? 
  a trade deal is nothing like being part of the european economy , the single market . 
  `` fine '' entails a sharp economic contraction , being frozen out of free movement and so on . 
  anyway , what sort of trade deal ? 
  will it include services ? 
  what will we put tariffs on ? 
  sure , but how is it in the cia 's interest in this instance ? 
  wow , that 's crazy . 
  and sad . 
  in 1911 ireland was over 80 % literate and this is 20 years later . 
  yeah i 'm going to call bullshit on this anecdote . 
  since the goalposts changed , keep up !, 
  where in the east end ? 
  i had no problem walking around tower hamlets intoxicated . 
  well , perhaps we 're better placed to deal with them than a bunch of people in northwest iraq ? 
  grand so , feel free to edit your original post . 
  exactly . 
  / u/strukkstar has either had every single estonian investigated , or is making baseless claims . 
  given the size of the population it 's very hard to believe there would n't be a single convert . 
  why do you say that ? 
  i can only imagine there are ? 
  there 's nothing better than allowing these people to ruin the lives of millions of people abroad ? 
  in all fairness a lot of these people seem to convert online . 
  i really do n't think that is subjective in this instance . 
  over the hre 's existence there was quite a large scale cleanup in fairness . 
  post-congress of vienna there was like 10 % of the former hre states left of those that had existed in 1500 or so . 
  they 're not proper naval ships though really . 
  given our coast we 'd do well to have 2/3 fremms , and ask others to look after our airspace . 
  we never supported the taliban . 
  the taliban did n't exist until the 90s . 
   , as weapon sales are a big part of the economy no they 're not . 
  they have a similar market share to russia ... which has an economy an eight of the size . 
  unlike russia or european countries , the us does n't have to constantly pander to countries to get arms deals ( as we see with us trying to get gulf states to buy our stuff ) , as it 's much more important to our arms industry - whereas exports are a relatively small component of the us arms industry . 
  because assad was n't a totalitarian dictator who reacted in an incredibly harsh manner to protests ? 
  oh well , too little too late i suppose . 
  sticking with symbian for too long was seen as a bad plan to everyone outside the nokia echo chamber . 
  did you ever use symbian ? 
  it was dead as soon as the iphone arrived . 
  yes money is my opinion to , europe has tried to get away with the low cost approach of funding refugee supports as little as possible while syria produced millions . 
  we 're only offering turkey a fraction of the cost of their refugees right now as is . 
  the issue is that we have to offer turkey something . 
  their climate policy is n't even faux-skepticism , it 's outright `` it 's a far-left conspiracy !! '' . 
  if they want to be taken seriously for their political ideas they have a long way to go . 
  i 'm sell aware .
