  sad that the memorial was later degraded like that . 
  when anyone ever wonders why chechnya is so screwed up today , what happened during wwii under stalin has to have played a crucial role . 
  stalin was in power far longer - with time i 'm sure hitler would have endeavoured to out do even his evil , seeing as how he planned to exterminate the majority of slavs ( although he did n't want to kill them entirely as he wished with the jews and roma ) , from 50 % in nazi bohemia and moravia to some 90 % of east slavs . 
  one can argue that was all talk , yet those who say that probably would have understandably felt the same regarding his jewish rhetoric . 
   ... or condom/safe sex practice . 
  you 're much more likely to get hiv from sexual contact than from shooting drugs . 
  generally , but not in russia . 
  hopefully that actually involves things like needle exchanges that will actually make a difference . 
  just thought i 'd reply again to say i 'm sorry to see you downvoted for asking legitimate questions and not saying anything too unreasonable . 
  the hostility from the hate fueled far right on this subreddit means anyone not seeing as harsh on asylum seekers will get downvoted . 
  it 's rare i 'll ever get upvoted in these threads - i just happened to be viewed as having the harsher view so i was picked as the one the / pol / - esque posters supported ( along with of course normal users like myself ) . 
   it 's scary to think how many people must 've been affected by it . 
  the thing about \u03b1 radiation is that skin protects one from it - so one needs to ingest it . 
  however i would certainly wonder about the dangers of the latent radiation on things like the ice cream scoop or teapot , and what damage that could have caused someone . 
  i suppose once they 're out of the country and safe , the agent 's trail is a benefit - it contributes to the terror russian emigrants feel . 
  well you do n't let an unqualified doctor work , so nothing would change really - they 'd have to be recertified and likely retrained to some degree . 
  as for asylum seekers , allowing anyone who claims asylum to work could encourage illegal immigration - waiting until refugee status is granted before allowing one to work would be fairer if the waiting period is n't too long . 
  you ca n't just `` let '' a doctor work . 
  i could n't even work in germany without getting recertified for example - ireland 's certifications are only really accepted in canada , uk , nz and australia ( and their colonies i assume ) . 
  this is pretty true . 
  programmers and such would be useful , but people with health degrees would require a great deal of retraining and certification , not to mention a very good understanding of the language . 
  and people with only a secondary level education wo n't have a chance in countries with unemployment levels over 8-9 % . 
  furthermore once it is safe , these countries will desperately need the better qualified people back urgently . 
  we ca n't simply keep them . 
  what bullying ? 
  we live in a confederal democracy . 
  if you want a more federal system where parliament is what really matters and the council is a weak upper house that focuses more on states issues and the constitution , by all means campaign for it , however as is member states are going to play a leading role and the votes in the council are what drive things . 
  this was really a fascinating read . 
  not just a murder , this was designed as an act of terror , to frighten people into silence . 
  putin may not be able to kill all his enemies , but he can force them to extinguish their campaign for justice with the fear of their demise . 
  the article is very well written , the story itself is like a detective novel , but unfortunately all too true . 
  how is it disturbing that migration decisions are subject to a qmv vote ? 
  constitutional democracy , that 's a low threshold for disturbing . 
  asylum seekers are n't supposed to find work . 
  refugees certainly are allowed to . 
  turkey does n't offer refugee status , hence only offering work permits now thanks to the eu deal , which should keep several hundred thousand more in turkey with actual jobs . 
  stop supporting what war ? 
  if we had enforced a level of peace in syria with military force we 'd have much smaller refugee flows . 
  `` no war '' is n't much of an answer when it 's the reply to everything . 
  the war started without us - blame an oppressive totalitarian ba'athist regime for that , not us . 
  where do we get this zone ? 
  i mean , why would for example libya give it to us ? 
  and if we would n't intervene to stop the syrian civil war then where is the will to use force ? 
  i 've been advocating an extra-territorial zone since the end of 2014 , as i 've been advocating intervention in syria - but the european public is n't willing to risk troops and money for this . 
  the strong leadership on this front - cameron and hollande - need to advocate on this front . 
  if the syrian peace talks fail , invading the north if the country and setting up a zone of occupation where we could keep refugees and indeed keep people safe in their own homes would make sense . 
  well i 'm not in favour of `` open borders '' so i do n't have to defend it . 
  i have offered plenty of solutions , but if all you guys respond with is one liners , what 's the point ? 
  give me something to work with . 
  i have provided tons of answers over the months , look through my post history - i would appreciate more than one liners from the / pol / style posters . 
  we did . 
  unfortunately so many of the people who appear so interested in this situation ( by which i mean the `` invading horde '' types ) continue to ignore the realities of the situation , and would rather some sort of crazy dystopian future where we send in mercenary teams to extract resources unavailable to us from collapsed states then evacuate them , all the while having shooting a constant stream of people at the border . 
  you need to provide answers . 
  exactly . 
  look at how annoyed people are getting at giving turkey $ 3bn . 
  we 're so shortsighted on this . 
  something will have to , there 'll have to be somewhere to put these people . 
  you ca n't simply shoot them all . 
  well they wo n't come at once . 
  the point is how do we avoid them coming in the first place . 
  if these people have genuine asylum claims what use will protecting our borders be ? 
  we 'll have to assess their claims and offer asylum somewhere that 's somewhat safe and stable . 
  buzzwords like `` protect our borders '' are great but far too simplistic on their own . 
  edit : insta-downvote ? 
  a convincing argument against what i 'm saying for sure ... 
  most countries have reserves of some sort . 
  many also have pension funds which surpluses can be put into ( ireland did this ) . 
  it 's common for countries dependent on natural resources to have specific reserve funds for resource rent income as well . 
  russia has quite strong reserves due to prudent fiscal management ( at least at the macro level ) in the noughties . 
   the ones really oppressed by chinese government on the basis of their being muslim were the uyghurs and not the han . 
  yeah , that 's what i was saying . 
  there 's no real question of the chinese nature of hui . 
  interesting how the government has n't oppressed them - even indulged them , while oppressing uyghurs , without much respect for a people who while having been under chinese , never really wanted to adopt han ways . 
  thanks for this , really interesting !, 
  interesting to note the lack of river transport in much of europe . 
  jesus christ yeah , you do n't do that without consent without a very good reason . 
  by all means inform people of their options ( after the disaster of the 70s india has developed a decent programme of voluntary tube tying for mothers for example , medical professionals go village to village ) , but forcing them ? 
  yes . 
  we need a unified response to prevent this happening . 
  if states , unable to feed or provide for their populations ( due to climate change which is not their fault , and uncontrolled population growth ) , completely fail , and erupt into civil war near the sahel there will likely be a domino effect of instability - leading to movements of tens of millions . 
  europe needs to preempt and prevent this . 
  an investment of not just money , but political capital is needed . 
  if these countries can not develop themselves * we * need to send engineers to build , teachers to teach the masses well , professors to teach elites to govern and teach , and so on . 
  i approach this someone who believes in fair and the right to human dignity , but ignoring this , think of our self interest . 
  if it comes to it perhaps europe should offer to take a degree of sovereignty in these countries at the population 's request . 
  colonisation did a great deal of damage , however westernisation and development never had the chance to occur due to rapid decolonisation . 
  that does not mean us taking a degree of control for morally correct reasons this century would be inherently wrong . 
  probably also worth thinking about when people demand we spend aid budgets `` at home '' . 
  these people would cost a lot more than 0.5 % of europe 's gdp to care for on our shores . 
  china 's policy is pretty hardcore when you consider how they treat the other major muslim group ( hui , who are ethnically han ) . 
  awful stuff really , and unnecessary on the part of the chinese government , and innocent han chinese who probably moved from another poor western province take much of the hit due to separatist attacks ( which i suppose most of us can empathise with , the separatist movement i mean ) and a growing islamist terror movement . 
  that * is * interesting . 
  the uk ( actually 85 % ... you may have read the wrong one ) is at about the oecd eu average . 
  sweden seems to be highest at 90.9 % , while turkey is at just 67.5 % . 
  so france is n't diving bad in that regard at all . 
  still , 10 % of the workforce wants to work , yet ca n't . 
  france has had high unemployment for a generation . 
  not good reason for a ratings cut when the debt is stabilising and such . 
  indeed . 
  this is so dramatic .
