  it might seem like a small thing given the attempt to actually exterminate the entirety of europe 's jews , but the fact that survivors often returned to find their properties occupied with no hope of recourse was another layer to the horribleness of it all . 
  good on copenhagen for preventing that . 
  the problem is , external border control requires a centralised , coordinate effort , backed up with money and thousands of troops/police . 
  europe 's typical inertia has meant instead greece has been overwhelmed , and turkey ignored until only a month or two ago . 
  but yes , this is what i 've been saying . 
  people from basra or kabul should n't be getting into europe given how unlikely they are to have a genuine claim . 
  such people should be assessed in camps either on the border , or outside europe . 
  both of these are opinion pieces . 
  wait so you think wanting democracy after years of dictatorship is irrational ? 
  marshall , i 've found a fan of your marital law !, 
  shame poles had to act so irrational . 
   eh , do n't know about the other countries but tunisia definitely was n't `` ready to explode '' . 
  this is the country that caused the arab spring , it did explode . 
  my father used to say he attracted a fair bit of suspicion traveling across in the 80s . 
  made him feel a bit unwelcome but i suppose he was no republican , i think he could empathise to an extent , there was a legitimate threat to britain from terrorists based in ni and the republic . 
  still , should be avoided where possible . 
  i always feel like reddit monarchists never realise that they 'd almost inevitably be one of the peasants . 
  partially , indeed . 
  but perhaps if europe had actually engaged with the idea we could have used some leverage to ensure that a pyd who cooperated would n't be neutered by turkey beyond reason . 
  did we bother to engage with this ? 
  and after 4 years , people had enough and sent their sons packing , often whole families too , to europe . 
  and then everyone else hopped on the human chain through the balkans . 
  this is what we get for failing to engage with a crisis situation on our borders , in a mediterranean state . 
  large nations that constantly backed away from intervening ( even in such a limited manner as turkey suggested that would have little bearing on the war , but merely stop turkey being flooded with refugees ) like germany bear particular responsibility . 
  i still do n't get how they are getting away with denying so many requests ? 
   the solution is a direct , experts based democracy . 
  direct democracy and expert based democracy sound like utter contradictions no ? 
  what 's the better form then ? 
  one party state ? 
  one man dictatorship ? 
  absolute monarchy ? 
  feudalism ? 
  theocracy ? 
  of course not . 
  but it 's still better than all the other systems we have tried , is it not ? 
  it 's a joke . 
  if europe had supported turkey 's safe zone proposals so many would-be refugees would n't have even had to leave the country . 
  at least turkey says they 're providing protection for those on the border right now . 
  perhaps because the nazis aimed not to simply deport , but exterminate the entirety of europe 's jews , not because of their individual beliefs or actions , but because of racist anti-semitism ? 
  how on earth can you blame them for wanting to know more about who collaborated with nazi germany ? 
  the `` suspected '' part is dubious for sure . 
  but this is n't a useless exercise . 
  any protest with barely a hundred odd protestors gets no attention usually . 
  but anti-fa probably want them to get attention i suppose , these people seem to care more about ideologies more than actual people . 
  another dictatorship with tons of political prisoners , ready to explode at a moments notice ? 
  i do n't really see how the situation could have been better with ben ali still in charge . 
  after all the country had to transition to democracy at some point . 
  3rd best of the 3 post-war german language anthems i 'd say . 
  the ddr anthem was excellent : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p1cypjqqtam , great lyrics too . 
  of course das deutschlandlied is the best , i 'd rather they bring back the complete lyrics . 
  russia 's population does n't really care about civilian casualties , and this forces large numbers to leave . 
  more refugees weakens turkey and the eu , so this is a win-win for russia : using cheaper weapons instead of more expensive precision munitions , and causing shit for the neighbours they hate . 
   i wish more leaders of the eu member states , including my own , would have such a realistic assessment of the situation . 
  he seems to have a considered approach to the issues , not simply based on ideology . 
  his point regarding treaties no longer being sufficient to protect europe due to what russia has done is very important . 
  anyway , he is just a head of state , he can influence people but he ca n't make any decisions . 
   is n't that the most-direct form of investing into their future ? 
  well indeed , if it 's the best way they have of increasing income ( rather than say , spending on r&d ) - which is fair enough for the company , but might not exactly be the best thing for society as a whole . 
  clearly more money needs to be spent on / u/petrparkr 's statistics education . 
  this is pretty much it . 
  foreign multinationals use us for tax arrangements that mean they can pay far less than the 12.5 % headline rate . 
  whereas a local business would end up paying quite close to the headline rate , the likes of google pay a fraction of it . 
  sad really , i 've never been comfortable with it . 
  the corporate tax system is broken globally , and needs to change so that companies reinvest into their future rather than engaging in share buybacks and so on . 
  i saw it . 
  i know what they said `` they 're not all syrians '' . 
  it was a stupid sarcastic comment that contributed nothing , given the article did n't push that narrative at all . 
   i would n't mind voting left but i do n't like the parties . 
  it 's like the greens , i 'm kinda green leaning but they ca n't run a party let alone a government . 
  yeah , not as disorganised as the english greens but still all that membership decision making tends towards a clusterfuck . 
   i do n't like sf either but they have a disciplined command structure ( we all know why ) . 
  too soon man !, 
  this is exactly the minimum level of solution i 've been talking about for ages . 
  we just need a coordinated effort to do it . 
  yeah i always thought that was pretty cool when learning french , always found words easy to spell in that regard . 
   the plo signed an agreement that allows us the authority to designate firing zones , the villagers appeal failed , no honest lawyer would ever tell you that what was done here was illegal are you really going to bring up agreements israel has signed ? 
  the oslo accords did not provide for israel colonising the west bank and using said colonisation to splice apart palestinian territory . 
  also , the legality of something does n't make it right by default . 
   most likely before the first settlement was built except :  the villages date back to the 19th century . 
  but israel designated the area as a military firing range in the 1970s and said the villagers must go , prompting a long legal battle . 
  this is fairly typical unfortunately , designating areas as security zones/firing ranges to clear them . 
  as with russia , i find it hard to believe these are genuine reasons or justified . 
  you keep lying and only the useful idiots will believe you unfortunately ( not directed at you , but the israeli government as the settlement programme has exploded over the past two decades ) . 
  at least renzi seems to be congisant of this . 
  the berlusconi administration seemed to just want to stay in power rather than stop the decline . 
  in all fairness those comments were impossible to moderate at this point . 
  plenty of reasonable discussion but tended to be drowned out by calls for genocide and such . 
  no they would n't . 
  that was just over a year before the referendum . 
  the middle classes do n't want a left government , ca n't see it happening without fianna f\u00e1il support . 
   most of that desert down south is designated fire ranges indeed . 
  is n't that enough ? 
  i 'm not too sure what your point is . 
  that bedouins are ignorant ? 
  seems irrelevant to the west bank . 
  i 'm well aware of the sarcasm . 
  the point is the article implied nothing of the sort , if they had read it . 
   but israel designated the area as a military firing range in the 1970s and said the villagers must go , prompting a long legal battle . 
  i love when villages are designated part of a firing range despite the military having access to a huge firing range in the form of a desert just to the south . 
  i hope the european government sues them at the very least , but this is just really , really shit .
