  there are people who go through far worse material losses , but the difference is they do n't have the same internal issues . 
  a big issue certainly is mental health funding . 
  we ca n't keep ignoring it , and failing to adequately fund it . 
  is this a problem with orthodox ( and muslim ) cypriots ? 
  it 's no longer an issue here with the clergy , although it would have been up into the 90s . 
   irish free state, 
  what about them ? 
  what do n't you understand ? 
  this obviously is n't a fair process ... 
  no , plenty of ethnic ukrainians would have voted no , probably many ethnic russians too . 
  against , mostly boycotted however . 
  well , they are back into the double digits percentage wise now at least , 
  it 's really sad , they were down to something like 2 % in 1989 , from the majority at the time of annexation . 
  fortunately stalin did n't completely exterminate ethnicities unlike hitler , so they have been able to some degree return to their homeland . 
  oops my mistake , i just went by natural biases i assume . 
  i know spain was involved . 
  wow , that 's bizarre , they surely must be polling children , i mean voter turnout is higher than that . 
   unless there was ethnic cleansing or genocide , russia has no legitimate cause for intervention . 
  absolutely none . 
  their past claims ? 
  entirely irrelevant . 
  the size of the russian population ? 
  entirely irrelevant . 
  russia 's political interest ? 
  entirely irrelevant . 
  yeah , i always find it hilarious that this is compared to kosovo . 
  kosovo , where the serbian nationalists banned the language , sacked kosovar civil servants , and crafted a campaign of oppression for a decade , and were heading towards mass murder before something was done - and that was only because of what we let happen in bosnia . 
  even then , kosovo took many more years to declare independence , and the idea of union with albania is certainly not pushed as a realistic proposal by the largest albanian parties . 
  on the other hand , in the blink of an eye russia invaded crimea , for no good reason , and have proceeded to all but annex it . 
  the problem with afghanistan was a small holding force was left there while the americans and british went on their escapade in iraq , and it lacked planning . 
  the initial effort , forcing the taliban out of power had a great deal of merit . 
  perhaps if we had not forgotten about the place once the communist threat subsided that problem would not have come about however . 
  anyway , as long as europe fails to properly integrate it 's military then we 'll need the us to shore up capacity as seen in libya . 
   only a few here and there decide to not follow each other around to whatever next war is made up for freedom and democracy . 
  only a few , like france , italy , and germany over iraq ? 
  and as for libya , it was europe that pushed for that , and rightly so . 
  where ? 
  i mean , like , where ? 
  these are the sorts of people who do n't know the name of their prime minister of head of state . 
  the parliament votes on these measures , the parliament commits it 's support to the members of the executive - and if it withdraws that , they are finished . 
  also , flair up !, 
  i 'm pretty sure almost everyone knows about european elections . 
  they may not know who they are voting for , or who the commission candidate is . 
  dont be so disparaging towards the electorate . 
  yeah , i think that 's one of the bigger splits , the pro-israel groups , and the more usual anti-semitic far right . 
  if i recall , one of these groupings collapsed the last time due to xenophobic insults directed at another nationality - causing that country 's far right party to pull out . 
  which has n't been such good policy in the 20th and 21st century . 
  the imperial presidency came about for a reason, 
  well , repeating referendums is fine - so long as each time is fair . 
  this is not fair in the least . 
  well , that applies to every parliament . 
  personally , i feel that parliament 's intertwined with the executive are a lpt more effective than us style legislatures . 
  given the fact the new pm of crimea 's party has an entire 3 mps , i 'd be shocked if this referendum was anything near free and fair . 
  it 's not like they 'll let observers in either way . 
   never trust the bear . 
  well now , look , let 's not go that far . 
  that just strikes me as xenophobic . 
  yes putin is a dickhead , and unlike dickheads in europe ( eg orb\u00e1n and erdo\u011fan ) , he is a nuclear armed dickhead , who is willing to use force to expand his sphere of influence . 
  however , that does not give us the right to characterise the entire russian population as being alike to him . 
  i hope that in the not too distant future , we will be able to trust the bear , and in the long term , we will . 
  this will only get worse . 
  sectarianism is exactly what russia needs to control crimea . 
  divide and rule . 
  do these serbs go there with an explicit anti-tatar agenda by any chance ? 
  yeah and maybe sicily should secede from italy too , and maybe your little town from sicily because you ca n't recall voting on joining . 
  thousands of useful idiots did , and likely still will when prevented with evidence . 
  if old habits die hard , what will we do about the serbs eh ? 
  seriously though i think between the armenians , stalin 's deportations , hitler , and bosnia , we 're all probably a bit tired of genocide . 
  you release that depleted uranium means nothing ? 
  it 's just a type of dense material used for munitions casing etc. 
  if you want to evoke sympathy , talk about genuine wrongs , like the bombing of novi sad , which those people did not deserve in the least . 
  yes , but so are thousands of useful idiots commenting on how right putin is to so valiantly protect russians . 
  treason it may be , but it 's extremely lightweight as treason goes . 
  wah wah , people were legitimately oppressed in kosovo , unlike in ukraine . 
  if only the serbs had been content with banning albanian , but oh no . 
   people like her should be shot for treason , imo . 
  woah , this is the sort of thing ukraine is trying to move away from ... 
  you know , even the ruble is a safer bet than bitcoin . 
  if nord rhein westfalen became independent , the exact same arguments could be used !, 
  yes there was . 
  the ukrainian ssr was a legitimate state . 
  the current ukrainian state is its direct successor . 
  in all honesty , where is any european country ? 
  turkey and romania are among the nearest , the former one of the most potent . 
  but we all are shirking our responsibilities . 
  the point is that crimea is the fulcrum on which ukraine will be controlled . 
  it is only the means , not the prize . 
  well , russia barely even admits to invading , so i know who i distrust . 
  what about ukrainian muslims ? 
  looks like they are about to be oppressed rather soon . 
  the sad thing is that a lot of people trust rt now . 
  the useful idiots are out in full force in many a comments section . 
  russia is not as harsh a regime as nazi germany . 
  but still , we must learn lessons from history . 
  be it with regards to appeasement , ethnic annexation , and preference of guaranteurs to acquiese . 
  ah , this is the problem i 'm talking about . 
  ukraine is just too alien and foreign for people to care about . 
  whether one likes it or not , ukraine got commitments to its territorial integrity in exchange for giving up the world 's * third largest nuclear arsenal * . 
  military action should be avoided as far as possible , people on say , / r/worldnews seem to be far too gung ho about bloodshed . 
  but we can not simply let countries be carved up by military force , as russia is doing .
