  indeed . 
  however science is n't based on what `` anyone knows '' . 
  if your body has to resort to large scale ketosis - incurring ketoacidosis a potentially lethal condition , millions of years of evolution also mean that your body will reduce energy use , as well as breaking down protein as fats ca n't supply glucose - the best they can do is ketone bodies . 
  thus when you end your diet , your body has a lowered set point of energy use , and sets about trying to return to it 's previous weight as such - all the easier now that your body burns less energy . 
  of course they do . 
  the second law of thermodynamics is what life has to fight every second , in one sense . 
  however to say that simply reducing calorie intake will cause persistent weight loss is ignorant at best , outright lying at worst . 
  no worries , cheers , 
  you know you can gain weight if you only cut back on carbs and keep other nutrients constant ? 
   you say `` calorie defect '' as if there is a specific amount that is ok and a specific amount that is not which seems like psuedo science . 
  i find it ironic you 're the one talking about pseudoscience yet you probably are n't a physiologist , are you ? 
  / r/europe clearly is n't filled with biologists . 
  you 're not wrong . 
  starvation mode is n't a myth per se - if you do n't consume adequate calories to maintain your set weight , your body adapts . 
  proteins are broken down , glycolysis is reduced , proteins are n't synthesised , electrolyte levels are n't kept at their optimum - all to reduce energy needs , so your body can maintain it 's weight . 
  however insulin is also a satiety hormone - and a low carb diet will increase hunger even with supposedly adequate calories , and due to reduced available carbs there 'll be less carb oxidation , and consumed fat will be stored , while protein is broken down to supply carbs ( glucose ) . 
  i 've said this before , i 'll say this again , the thermodynamics argument is far too simply and ignorant for mammalian biology . 
  if young people voted i 'd agree , but they do n't . 
  the way i see it , this will get each group of young people voting 1-2 years earlier . 
  you 're confused . 
  you 're talking about trade surpluses . 
  not fiscal . 
  we 're not official actually , and we 're not in reality anyway . 
  the whole situation is a bit pathetic at this stage . 
  i think it 's a combination of the soviets being the last occupying power , and a lack of connection with their countries ' jews and roma . 
  precisely . 
  this `` soviet conduct during wwii was as bad as the nazis '' narrative is getting out of hand on / r/europe . 
  you are factually correct . 
  because hitler killed a large percentage of european roma ? 
  christ . 
  the snp could take all but half a dozen scottish seats with ~ 55 % of the vote . 
  fptp is horribly unfair . 
  yeah , these people are certainly no liberals . 
  the latter , as it 's a sensible country . 
  indeed , does n't mean one ca n't be worse than the other . 
  qatar are supporting the islamist illegitimate government in libya , the extremist islamists in syria etc. 
  sa with the uae and egypt are supporting the legitimate libyan government , and are n't helping out extremists in syria . 
  eh , i 'd say qatar are definitely worse than sa right now . 
   is populism only correct when morally defensible ? 
  yup . 
  yeah , the numbers i came across before on lithuania was about 100k sent to gulags , and 150k deported by the soviets , of which many could n't return until well after stalin , and ~ 50k died . 
  all in all stalin must 've removed as many lithuanians as hitler did , he had about 200k jews killed . 
  not the genocide olympics mind you , but my point related more to the non-annexed warsaw pact states . 
  ukraine had the holodomor before the war after all . 
  well , we know how angsty the germans get when they do n't have some sort of power , 
   are going to build a new completely unnecessary # 25bn train-line . 
  unrelated point . 
  taxes have been * cut * in the midst of harsh british austerity , while spending has been gutted . 
  time for tax rises and a halt to cuts in places like defence and environment spending . 
  indeed . 
  you 're missing my point . 
  what 's worse , killing 20 % of a people in 4 years or 2 % in 45 ? 
  that 's the sad , tragic point . 
  the soviet invasion of eastern europe saved tens millions of lives , even though it cost hundreds if thousands . 
  the uk and ireland were the original poor nations in 1973 . 
  my point is that if the nazis ruled eastern europe for 45 years , they 'd have carried out their plan of extermination . 
  as bad as the soviets were , they could never outdo the nazis in say , poland , where they killed  5m in a tenth of the time the soviets had . 
  because well , they at least removed the much more genocidal nazis who planned to exterminate  70 % of eastern europe , and who actually managed to get  75 % of the jews . 
  yeah but how many of those muslims were atheist ? 
  it was ethno-nationalism . 
  that 's why bosniak is a useful term imo . 
  i suppose that was more nationalism . 
  mind you there were plenty of foreign orthodox comrades participating in the slaughter . 
  thank god , there 's hope yet . 
  well , the fall in competiveness was very noticeable under chirac . 
  so 15 years of moaning is reasonable, 
  yup , we all have mutual responsibilities . 
  a union-wide refugee policy is part of that . 
   the current civil war in libya is a direct result of our intervention against gadaffi and our disinterest afterwards . 
  you do realise there would be a way worse , 4-year long civil war otherwise ? 
  gosh . 
  do n't blame us for everything . 
  i do n't regret helping libya topple gadaffi . 
  do you not want to help people against tyrants ? 
  and go away claiming that the us sent isis weapons . 
  why on earth would you even claim that ? 
  i said this [ before ] ( https://fr.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/33bkyp/eu_to_launch_military_operations_against/cqjl681 ) : we must come up with a framework . 
  firstly , i would say that refugees are a responsibility for the entire world . 
  however , we in the west are the wealthiest and most developed , thus we have a far greater responsibility than say , ghana . 
  likewise saudi arabia has a greater responsibility than moldova in proportional terms . 
  secondly , neighbouring countries that are culturally similar should be recognised as the best places for refugees , especially for the refugees themselves . 
  this however means financial aid to them is required . 
  thirdly , if we wish to stop refugees occurring , we must prevent the circumstances producing them , through sanctions , military means , and long term planning . 
  fourthly , it is unfair to expect different parts of europe to share an unequal burden - as sweden , and also germany have done . 
  refugees should be spread out equally , with regard to economic conditions of each state ( ie bavaria has a greater ability than brandenburg , the uk a greater ability than romania ) . 
  fifthly , we can not take in all the refugees in the world . 
  it is unfair that some can simply `` skip the queue '' . 
  these people are desperate . 
  we can not take them all in . 
  thus , if you want to come to europe , refugees should be expected to be learning slovakian , or estonian , or dutch beforehand . 
  if we are resettling people from camps , books and such can be provided . 
  sixthly , while i do n't think we should discriminate based on education , families who are committed to liberal democracy , secularism etc should get priority , as they are indeed most at odds with the situation that made them refugees , and the most compatible with europe . 
   for a drastic example look at wwii : populations were sold a just war , when in reality it was anything but . 
  to them it was still -- in the moment -- a ` just war ' , but the realities were not so . 
  wait what ? 
  the fact that the anti-axis message was sold on the idea of liberty and democracy meant an end to the subjugation of colonies , this is something that very much began during the war , and continued after until decolonisation . 
  well , regulation for hair dressers and bakers definitely seems a bit far . 
  i can understand the use of such systems in the transport industry ( especially taxis ) . 
  ah right , we deregulated taxis in ireland a few years back and there was uproar . 
  one can see the pros and cons .
