  you ca n't deny them the right to develop . 
  that said , instead of taking the texan approach they have given their people lower take home pay , to invest in public transport , nuclear and renewable energy . 
  they made sacrifices for the future despite much lower living standards than americans face . 
  low-information voters are not the problem . 
  misinformed voters are the problem . 
  if you do n't read the paper or watch the news , you 're more likely to understand climate change than if you watch fox or listen to hard/far right talk radio . 
  plenty of great politicians have dark histories ... and lying is par for the course ( see : fdr 's election campaigning ) . 
  i 'm inclined to ignore immigration issues as country specific . 
  but shit like climate change denial is just horrendous . 
  ghg emissions do n't respect borders . 
  there 's been over a dozen special elections , and only two have flipped democratic ... both meaningless ones . 
  that 's why the subsidies are there , to help them use low carbon technology . 
  obviously we ca n't prevent them having the same right to develop we had . 
  how was he a traitor ? 
  lock him up for what ? 
  the honourable member for the 18th century . 
  we 've only been a net contributor the last few years despite being one of the richest countries in the union . 
  i 'm going to say no . 
  well at least it contains vitamin r. . ? 
  eh it was uk based stuff ... do n't think there was any dodgy funding . 
  farage is n't in trouble really . 
  yeah farage is n't in any danger here obviously . 
  they just want to question him i guess . 
  `` person of interest '' sounds dramatic . 
  tbh i think he 's too stupid to be up to much active stuff , seems to me he has a history of being russophilic that was exacerbated by favourable deals from putin cronies . 
  other than that he 's just been manipulated by pro-russian advisors like manafort and flynn . 
  stupidity is n't a crime . 
  russia can pivot to europe once it leave ukraine and compensates them . 
  personally , i enjoyed their mistake throughoutly . 
  well the us spends 2.4 percentage points of gdp more than us on defence . 
  they spend 7 points more on healthcare . 
  still would bang ? 
  still would bang . 
  why would an insurgency where ghadaffi could n't control most of the country be better ? 
  right , but how would the 2011 conflict ended better without intervention ? 
  well an awful lot were defectors . 
  they also had help from the uae and co. 
  because ghadaffi lacked popular support ( compared to assad ) , and the civil war was ongoing . 
  why would n't there be civil war ? 
  why ? 
  what do you think would have happened in libya without intervention ? 
  was it a mistake ? 
  maybe . 
  would doing nothing have had a better result ? 
  i do n't really see how short of a miracle . 
  ghadaffi had too little public support and too many mercenaries . 
  how did she do this ? 
  but that does n't make any sense . 
  the eu has a common government ... russia does not govern ukraine . 
  it 's the eu-28 . 
  `` existence is pain '', 
  why is this a disgrace ? 
  are people happy-ish with the government ? 
  seems like they 're doing a decent job . 
   for investors who once harnessed so many doubts about the euro , now they ask themselves -- `` what 's not to like ? '' this about-turn in sentiment is reflected in the chicago mercantile exchange positioning data that show net euro longs at their highest in three years . 
  fucking investors , all feels no reals . 
  the situation has barely changed in reality . 
  the cap has been reformed in all fairness . 
  it 's increasingly focused on environmental management . 
  but yeah , production subsidies still exist and need to largely be removed imo . 
  anyhow , my point is you wanted a bunch of stuff from us . 
  if you wanted more , you 'd have had to give us some things to - hence the rebate example . 
  what would we have gotten in return for more concessions ? 
  an end to the rebate for example ? 
  lmao i downvoted you as i was like `` wtf is this pontificating bullshit ? 
  '' , then i looked at the images and was even more confused . 
  i retract my downvote . 
  can you blame people ? 
  poor hamon :(, 
  sure . 
  but i 'm wary of such measures . 
  they should be temporary at best . 
  well i mean if european product is the best value . 
  look at how `` buy american ! '', 
  worked out for the us auto industry . 
  their cars were the shittest in the developed world . 
  89 , short illness , was doing quite well well into his late 80s . 
  not a bad retirement and end at all . 
  great actor . 
  the humour he injected into the bond films gave them a real flair . 
  you would also have seen radicalisation of the remaining fighters . 
  whereas right now the radicalised elements have been contained and partially eliminated . 
  i think it 's reasonable to oppose intervention . 
  but a plausible scenario where things work out better without intervention is hard to imagine , given the actors and the situation . 
  how would he have crushed the rebels though ? 
  was n't he relying on mercs and control of heavy firepower ? 
  but how does ghadaffi win ? 
  that 's the point i 'm making ... 
  that strategy worked well for assad ... and he had far more support than ghadaffi . 
  how would he have `` won '' though ? 
  like how would he have secured the country ? 
  but how does he consolidate power during a civil war ? 
  what was gadaffi 's path to a stable society after he flattened benghazi ? 
  sure , but we had plenty of decent industry , that 's the point . 
  wages certainly were lower though , that 's another issue . 
  eesti can into nordic ? 
  libya still ended up better than a plausible alternative though . 
  should we have paid more attention ? 
  sure . 
  but let 's not deny libyans agency .
