  how can people have missed this ? 
  the sarin attacks ? 
  the west has shown fuck all commitment . 
  look at what happened in 2013 . 
  this subreddit and most of reddit was cheering on putin and assad and were delighted when the post sarin air strikes never happened . 
  then they wonder why there 's a refugee crisis . 
  the same people telling these young men to fight tend to support assad who bombs civilian areas that have been held by the opposition for give years . 
  there is little reason or empathy , just hate of muslims . 
  caring is important . 
  i am too . 
  was n't she appointed as a concession to the doves more or less ? 
  honestly i thought she 'd be worse than she seems to have been , but yeah , not what we need . 
  it 's debatable of we 're doing worse than the rest of the developed world on this front . 
  the us is projected to have an increasing debt to gdp ratio again in a few years due to it 's low tax burden and ageing population , while most european states have already adjusted to that reality . 
  not really . 
  saudi citizens have a good quality of life - shitty conditions for migrant workers means they have good purchasing power . 
  ... i do n't think this should be europe 's approach . 
  the more you know !, 
  when i was at the parade years ago the fire brigade played a big role for some reason . 
  well you could just amend the constitution slightly to sort that out . 
  yes well as i said the alternative is requiring people from ni to show their passports when travelling to britain , and tolerating illegal immigration to ni ( there 'd not likely be much i suppose ) . 
  however ni still gets fucked economically and we have to deal with the fallout of that . 
  well sure . 
  that 's my point . 
  if the uk leaves the single market they will be imposing this on the eu , not vice versa . 
  as for border controls between ni and gb , that 's the best solution imo . 
  depending on the depth of any fta if you leave the single market , customs controls between ireland and ni could be minimal . 
  that 's the best course of action if you do leave it . 
  the issue is that passport controls will be required to prevent illegal immigration via ireland into the uk . 
  that has nothing to do with the rights of irish citizens in the uk . 
  how can we create an agreement ? 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  it 's up to the uk to choose to remain in the single market . 
  if they do n't , that 's not europe 's fault - it 's theirs . 
  yeah . 
  so long as we do not prevent external action i think this makes perfect sense . 
  well this is the price we pay for letting companies like apple pay < 2 % corporate tax . 
  european fiscal transfers based partly on gdp would be a decent way to incentivise some change on our part . 
  it really is weird . 
  how difficult is it for krugman to acknowledge that austerity by some governments in a larger economy is not going to have the same effects as austerity by a government in a single , somewhat closed economy ( like brazil ) ? 
  furthermore , we absolutely do not want this figure to be bandied about . 
  it draws attention to our facilitation of tax avoidance . 
  we have reason to hide this figure , not to conjure it up . 
   whats the difference to how things are working now ? 
  common procurement and maintenance of air and naval resources , and likely things like tanks . 
  that means fewer shipyards , fewer classes , and so on . 
  it means less overlap . 
  it means things like two/three classes of fighter jet . 
  right now there are huge inefficiencies . 
  countries spend a fortune designing a ship , then order half as many as planned . 
  these resources could then be leased back to individual member states with provision for a coalition of member states to use them in such a situation . 
  it would mean we would not have to find more missiles like in libya , or use american transports as in mali . 
  and people wonder why normal people do n't run for office , you 'd have to be some sort of masochist looking at this thread . 
  or maybe it 's just that barosso is incredibly experienced . 
  pm of portugal than commission president . 
  just to repost a comment of mine on this :  out of interest , would you guys do this if you had the option ? 
   i mean , barosso is incredibly experienced . 
  pm of portugal than commission president . 
   would you try and go into philanthropy without much financial weight behind you for example ? 
  or try and david miliband it and get a decently paid ( but low paid for your skillset ) job in an ngo ? 
  well this is why my suggestion makes sense . 
  each state will retain its own army . 
  a simple majority would be enough to allow the use of european air , naval , intelligence and special forces resources by a group of states . 
  no german ground troops would be involved . 
  such as kosovo ? 
  that 's not true at all . 
  we need to protect ourselves and protect others . 
  a simple majority of member states should be able to choose to use european air and naval forces under their own flags , using their own ground troops . 
  looking at yugoslavia , ukraine , mali and syria , we need to be able to deploy air , naval and/or ground forces . 
  heh yeah being from cork i found it really bizarre going around temple bar then wandering a bit out and bumping into it . 
  i like it as a building though , hope it 's kept mostly as is . 
  the aircraft leasing companies are irish . 
  estimates for gnp growth were 5-6 % , gdp estimates were 7-8 % , which is reflected in the economic reality of an okay increase in employment and a decent increase in consumer spending . 
  well yeah , i agree . 
  so what you 're saying is that there will be passport controls ? 
  protectionst ? 
  look at all our trade deals . 
  we 'll need customs and passport controls , hence a hard border . 
  it 'll be an external border of the european union and you guys dont like legal european immigration , never mind illegal immigration via ireland . 
   funding and harbouring is [ citation needed ], 
   like i said it was an internal matter . 
  not really . 
  it was n't about changing a tax rate . 
  it was about leaving the rest of us . 
  it was about things like a hard border in ireland . 
   a country will always look out for itself . 
  and you always look out for yourself too . 
  but you also look out for others as we are community . 
  a majority of brits placed little value in that community last month , when they voted . 
  not because they voted out , but because it was all about perceived self-interest . 
  screw the northern irish , screw ireland , make britain great again i guess . 
  yeah but there 's a push for the common consolidated corporate tax rate again . 
  it would n't change tax rates proper , but it would change how they are calculated , and allow companies to calculate and pay based on common rules . 
  hard to argue with it except on the basis of countries like ireland benefit from helping the likes of apple pay far , far below our headline 12.5 % corporate tax rate . 
  the commission cabinet is unelected ? 
  when was the coup ? 
  sure , but the executive and the parliament and council are what matters . 
  every parliament has a speaker/president which is an important role in governing . 
  which is funny as socialism was much more environmentally destructive . 
  so only the rich can become parliamentarians ?
