  certainly not . 
  my point had little to do with that . 
  my point is that these people 's great grandparents are just as likely ( going by demographics , more likely ) , to have been involved in the liberation of france than metrapoles . 
  no , my experiences of france are limited to a few months sadly . 
  i 'll be adding another few weeks this summer . 
  deport to where ? 
  portugal no longer has colonies , for better or worse ... 
  well , i imagine most in french jails are citizens , products of the french state . 
  it 's completely wrong to deport them . 
  the poor and ethnic minorities are always harder done by by the law . 
  look at ( glorious christian ! ), 
  blacks or natives in the us , or in brazil . 
  france - europe - is not some exception . 
  we are as bad - worse , even in many instances . 
  deport the portuguese emigrants then . 
  your concept of nationality is bizarre . 
  i 'll never be as french as some black chap who grew up in amiens , even if gene wise i am marginally more ` french ' . 
  you 'll never see it in the newsreels , but most of de gaulle 's forces were actually black and arab . 
  french colonials , supposedly french . 
  for what it 's worth , those guys who were killed or got left out of those newsreels after putting their lives on the line for france - for those who colonised them - are morally far more french that the collaborators . 
  the sad thing is that 15 years later , in algeria , many ethnic algerians fought bravely for france . 
  how were they rewarded ? 
  rejection . 
  you ca n't just expel criminal citizens . 
  oh good , another single-issue alt . 
  as the ump will show you , it happens on both sides of the aisle . 
  [ this was another great turkish one ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3qa7_y21ooy ) . 
  probably my favourite last year , although i guess euphoria was better really . 
  god willing they 'll be back next year . 
  poor walloonia . 
   the muslims get away with their violence because it is all hidden or they blow themselves up while committing their crime what the hell is this , stormfront ? 
  while it might be good idea we should probably strive to be the exact opposite of / r/worldnews . 
  maybe that 's why we love it , 
  some people just want to seem ` cool ' by hating it . 
  it 's a bit like those mad people one sees over at / r/athiesm , or people who just go on about how much they despise one direction . 
  but as we can see by shudders reaction ( which would be valid if the case was real , of course ) , people will believe the given reason if it appeals to fears of salafists and spying and such . 
  i would n't call the situation great in turkey ( probably where ireland was post legalising homosexual relations in the late-90s ) , but they are certainly not the worst . 
  whatever about , say , bulgaria , if one compares them to the ukraine , or god forbid , russia , things are alright . 
  also , the opposition seems to support gay marriage , although not a hope reccip will allow that in the new constitution . 
  i feel the need to point out that trt ( turkish broadcaster ) , ragequit eurovision over what they saw as unfair jury voting . 
  the only source it seems for them not broadcasting this because of a publicity stunt ( which is all this is ) , is in this gaystarnews , which i must say does not appear to be the most reputable of papers . 
  then what the fuck is cyprus doing ? 
  damn catholic fundies . 
  has a nice ottoman sound :p, 
  not just the vatican though , look at the orthodox/muslim majority countries of the balkans . 
  turkey and bulgaria are both worse for example . 
  probably more cultural backwardsness if anything , it correlates to religion but as to causation ? 
  not so sure . 
  yes denmark obviously . 
  as far as i know the north is a bit more racist and such than the republic . 
  almost everyone in even belfast seems to be ethnic european , bit disconcerting almost . 
  i 'd imagine with a proportion of non european ethnics ( particularly non-caucasians ) that ireland has , the difference between north and south would be a bit more stark . 
  well that 's us for you i guess , if one does n't follow that strategy they seem to invariably end up wallowing in debt . 
  your best bet would be to settle down in salzburg first , then explore the area . 
  i 'm not sure if a us license would be accepted here and you 'd likely have to get pricy insurance for a year . 
  it 'd be best to sort all that stuff out from your base there . 
  hope you enjoy your stay !, 
  well funding the military is always a case of opportunity costs . 
  i guess mali gambled , and lost . 
  who are we to say they were not right to spend that money elsewhere ? 
  what is done is done now , we just have to help them get back on track . 
  ah it 's not that hard to follow really . 
  bitta diversity is no harm . 
  as far as we know mitso86 is not greek , so do n't worry . 
  i 'm sure plenty do believe it but i can empathise somewhat i guess . 
   also i think there is a chance that greece could be the richest european country haha, 
  in europe we more or less believe things are largely pre-determined . 
  in the us people think it 's all about personal effort . 
  while our ethos might be far more correct , it 's probably an unhelpful mindset . 
  just goes to show no one is a paragon of fiscal responsibility . 
  b + for effort . 
  but at some stage their deficit has to be reversed . 
  what then ? 
  we ca n't all be in surplus . 
  did you say ... foreigners ? 
  run . 
  run for your life . 
  my point is regarding the union though . 
  i 'm not including albania in europe 's defensive position either . 
  yeah except you know , that does n't get you in trouble . 
  it 's sad , is n't it ? 
  these double standards are so frustrating . 
  yes , and lower saxony could have a monarch once more , and join the commonwealth . 
  our population would fall to 440 million , gdp would become smaller than the us , amount of nuclear weapons halved , military power would fall by as much as third . 
  i 'll leave matters of opinion to someone else . 
  yeah i did , i can understand their logic ( certainly the finn 's anyway ) . 
  just saying about the fighting for ireland point . 
  well , fought against the uk authorities at least . 
  these lads were n't the most popular at that immediate point and time . 
  the president 's comments were more about a lack of european solidarity , rather than the economy itself . 
  depends . 
  do you have your own wing and tower ? 
  seems to be a case of a few over eager politicians , a single minded argentinian and bad reporting to me . 
  i 'm sure if the parliament voted there would be no doubt on this matter . 
  ah , 86mitso , we meet again . 
  greece is as beholden to the us just as much as turkey . 
  actually , more so . 
  once upon a time czechoslovakia was under the soviet thumb . 
  i 'm sure many thought it would never be seen as european in the western sense . 
  i really do n't like the inward looking europe some want .
