  so how do we deal with the far right ? 
  i mean , if someone of iranian extraction is so predisposed to german nationalism surely german ethnics are too . 
  what do we do about this ? 
  so how did islam and his iranian heritage play a role ? 
  his background seemed to make him insecure about his german-ness . 
  you keep talking about how he is n't really german . 
  so please explain . 
  right , but he was a far right lunatic . 
  so i do n't really see what you 're getting st unless it 's a case of genetics . 
  it was n't iranian culture that made him a far right nutter was it ? 
  so what 's the issue , the genepool of iranian ethnicities ? 
   german , obviously ; however , an individual 's nationality is not an indication of their ethnic background , so while they may be german nationals , they would not be ethnic germans . 
  this is a simple distinction , yet you seem entirely unable to grasp it . 
  i obviously agree with that . 
  however the guy was clearly german culturally - surely that 's what matters when it comes to his motivations and such . 
  it makes the `` imported violence '' point bizarre , unless ethnicities from iran are genetically far more inclined to far-right violence . 
  sure , you have ethnic germans . 
  however my children would likely look quite similar to them - so what would make them different if they grew up in germany ? 
  thanks for the downvote . 
  so he was german . 
  i have no idea what it takes to become german otherwise . 
  if i had kids in germany and they grew up there , went to a school in munich , had bavarian friends , had german doctors and teachers , what nationality would they be ? 
  well not ethnically german ... but how was he not german ? 
  how was n't he german ? 
  no worries , cheers !, 
  it 's good to see people caring about a workable solution . 
  i 'm all for limiting migration into europe right now , but that requires alternatives . 
  the far right never seem to offer solutions , the hard right like afd can do so and should be listened to , even if they 're a bit wishy-washy . 
  sadly the commentators on reddit who rail against refugees seeking asylum in europe do not generally have a solution bar a shoot to kill policy on the border . 
  i feel like perhaps we are losing something now that those who experienced wwii have largely died off . 
   yeah but they have a lot of alternative funding too that help spread the bill you really overestimate this . 
  these organisations depend on government funding . 
  we ca n't have our cake and eat it too . 
   well since the turkey deal is having issues maybe we can keep shopping in morrocco in all fairness we have n't really kept our end of the deal from the turkey pov - but realistically they have not quite fulfilled the conditions for visa free travel . 
  imo we should be funding projects with the few billion a year as promised in the interim . 
   we do n't have to pay the full bill or run everything since the ngo can do it partly for us those ngos will need to be funded by industrialised countries though . 
  europe is 20 % of global gdp . 
  anyway given that this solution would be for europe 's convenience , it would be quite unfair if we were not to provide plenty of funding and support . 
  however hosting people outside europe should be a lot cheaper in the first place . 
  i 'm inclined to agree that we lack suitable islands . 
  i agree with your point about using third countries . 
  that 's what i 've been arguing for for well over a year . 
  i would imagine most liberals do n't like islam . 
  that does n't mean you have to be a dick about it . 
  yeah , i find the focus on origin bizarre . 
  the recent major terrorist attack in germany was a far right nutcase but was n't ethnically german . 
  the foiled terrorist in canada recently was white of non-muslim origin - but a muslim convert . 
  i 'd be much more interested in motivation , which religion can help suss out . 
  how ? 
  he 's a product of your rhetoric . 
  how was he imported violence ? 
  talk about trying to blame everything on johnny foreigner . 
  wrt cnn , iranians are seen as white in the us . 
   and the national governments are hampered when it comes to what sort of monetary and financial policies they can employ thanks to the euro and regulations regarding gdp-to-debt ratio and budget surplus , and regulations that prohibit any sort of policies that would give domestic industry an unfair advantage . 
  which at the end of the day is within the gift of the council to choose to do otherwise . 
  says it all does n't it ? 
  gaddafi-boos on reddit have no idea what they 're talking about , they just think they were a secular anti- `` neoliberal '' . 
  of course gaddafi was an islamist but they do n't talk about that . 
  they certainly do n't talk about how in the elections the people did not vote for islamists , because that would ruin the `` they 'll just vote for extremists , thus they need an iron fisted dictator '' narrative . 
  the funny thing is , as you can see by the huge amount of oil produced per capita , libya 's oil wealth was squandered . 
  even the much vaunted water scheme was diverted at great expense against a chemical weapons facility . 
  it 's not like the west did n't give gadaffi a chance . 
  he fucked it up . 
  you honestly think it would be better if gadaffi was allowed to rampage through a country where he had hardly any support ? 
  he was n't able to play sectarian divide and rule like assad . 
  the makeup of national governments is not a local issue . 
  a convenient excuse for russia . 
  i 'm getting fed up of people acting as if pacifying gaddafi 's forces was some great evil . 
  indeed , ending the opt out . 
  no way is ending an unnecessary danish privilege `` way out of line '' . 
  my point was , it was bizarre to say that was `` way out of line '' . 
  how were they way out of line . . ? 
  no other schengen eu country has such opt outs . 
   the issue is that we ( the ordinary germans ) would not profit in the slightest but be the ones who have to cough up the billions to be transfered . 
  how do n't you profit from a stronger european economy ? 
  so instead of a reasonable solution that would n't hurt germany due to gains from stronger european growth , you advocate dissolving the euro , and making everyone poorer ... out of principle . . ? 
   a solid currency that has advantages not just for the export industries but for the common man on the street as well . 
  the euro is a solid currency . 
  it 's more advantageous for german exporters than the mark would be , how can you not know this as a german ? 
  the mark would be much stronger !, 
  god , this is why i hate direct democracy . 
  if you ca n't agree to this then the euro has to end . 
  that 'll make you a lot poorer . 
  it was always intended that fiscal union would follow . 
  the current situation is untenable . 
   and guess what german taxpayers will not tolerate ? 
  being the ez 's `` deep pockets '' . 
  we 're already being taxed by our own system to a degree that is borderline acceptable , any further taxation - especially one that essentially means a wealth transfer away from germany - will not be accepted . 
  period . 
  people here are already pissed that while there is no money available to fix our roads , our schools or our modernization needs there somehow magically seem to be hundreds of billions available for banks , other countries , the eu or generally anyone that is n't us . 
  really ... try your scheme and watch what a really pissed german society looks like . 
  i bet it will be scary . 
  this is the problem . 
  this solution will be good for europe as a whole . 
  if the output gap in europe is plugged germany will benefit . 
  the issue is that because your benefit would only be marginal you deny that opportunity to countries like portugal which really would benefit . 
  this is why this decision needs to be made by parliament , not simply the council . 
  petty national interests make europe poorer in this regard . 
  this is why this should be for parliament to decide . 
  germans are a sixth of this union .
