  but certainly greece spent well beyond its means . 
  anyway , trade deficits are an issue - a big issue . 
  but turkey , a similar southern european country to greece , has a huge trade deficit too . 
  it did not get itself into the sane debacle . 
  ireland bailed out greece too , as did spain and portugal , and italy . 
  are we responsible ? 
  anyway , if we have to help those in need we should , but within reason . 
   i mean humans can not be even trusted with a simple task like flushing . 
  that 's why we have those photocell auto flush toilets . 
  clearly you southeastern europeans are decades ahead of us :p, 
  yeah i 'm probably closer to alde , but i 'd rather see them in coalition with s&d than the epp . 
  i do n't like alde 's party here ( fianna f\u00e1il ) , but their candidate in my region is fine . 
  god yeah , it 's almost like you have to share things and work together in a union !, 
  do n't you just hate paying for those lazy scanians ? 
  maybe you should form your own country so you never have to pay for anyone , certainly not anyone with say , brown eyes or a slavic name . 
  expect to see neutrolgreek in an australian prison having murdered some random indonesian doctor soon i 'd say . 
  woah woah , they prefer the term british mate , do you really want to anger a bunch of scots and welsh ? 
  if you think they were useless you 're clearly blind to reality . 
  great progress has been made since the 70s in spain . 
  people wanted to deport the jews to madagascar you know . 
  how did that play out ? 
  i 'm not stupid , i know what `` deportation '' means . 
  i think people from the 1860s would be shocked by the level of this guys ethno-nationalism . 
  i think you should stop disgracing those you claim to be your countrymen . 
  anyway , greeks , turks , they 're all the same to me , so if i had one you should take it as a compliment , 
  it makes me sick , it just goes to show these racists do n't genuinely care as they pretend to . 
  so , back to india is it ? 
  yes , but it took a long time . 
  you saw how it was avoided in crimea . 
  are you talking about gitanos ? 
  they 're as spanish as you . 
  it just goes to show these people complain that the uttermensch never try to better themselves , then when they do they are even worse . 
  so , you wo n't accept they can contribute to society - perhaps you think we should genocide them again ? 
   the former ottoman colony of greece haha , this is great , i 'm going to utilise it . 
  i live in the british isles if we get to keep calling it the irish sea , ` tis all grand by me . 
  which is daft , as we need some sort of baseload generation . 
  i 'm very partial to environmentalist policies , but sometimes these people seem like communists - they mean well but they have no idea how the world actually works . 
  and all that did was embolden them . 
  ukraine tried to appease these people for long enough . 
  at some stage , force must be used . 
  now now , let 's not start this again . 
  mind you , one of them is going to cit ... 
  yeah i know several people who were adopted from romanian in the 90s . 
  i think ( just based on skin colour at least ) , they are all ethnically roma . 
  nevermind force projection , we could n't effectively enforce a no fly zone a few hundred kilometres from our air bases . 
  but it obviously is necessary ... 
  ah sure i suppose we got an apology for the famine at least . 
  you 're working in hypotheticals . 
  the ukrainian government has n't even killed one of these insurgents yet , nevermind oppressed people . 
  oh yeah , i knew that / r/jankystank was a racist and reported his comment . 
  it 's adorable how the saudis and israel have become so close over trying to stop iran getting nukes . 
  but that would be overruled by our non neutrality . 
  well , it 's more about the government . 
  i 'm as amicable to the average iranian as the average russian , unfortunately russia has suddenly made itself look to be the worse country . 
  not really , but the nature of us politics makes lobbying easy , and the jewish lobby is both very strong , effective , and pro-israel . 
  yeah sa is a really weird country . 
  on the other hand , iran has had huge scientific ( and social ) growth since the shah era . 
  unfortunate about the whole supreme leader thing i suppose . 
  yeah but we 're obviously not neutral , we 're both part of the eu , it 's just a white lie politicians tell the populace . 
  we 'd never be accepted as a neutral party , and for good reason . 
  better to send some south americans , africans , south east asians etc. 
  peacekeeping sometimes requires peace enforcing . 
   ... so a subset of a population should be willing to get slaughtered by the central government when they ask for secession ? 
  well , when you open fire and wear military fatigue , and use violence to seize control , and try to proclaim a secessionist republic , yes , they should be removed . 
  hopefully not killed , but they did take up arms . 
  sudetenland , ogaden , do n't people ever learn ? 
  you ca n't just do things like this . 
  if you do it properly , democratically it takes years , and for good reason . 
  maybe they should try to colonise the sun ? 
  and indeed , these people are free to do the citizenship test just like any other immigrant . 
  yeah it 's unfortunate that people try to link them together . 
  that 's true , you 're a communist even though it goes against not only yours , but almost everyone 's economic interest . 
  the trick to not being occupied is not being a provocateur on the losing side of a world war . 
  well i trust the us far more to help protect us than switzerland , going by current affairs and history . 
  we should n't tell the us to leave if we ca n't sufficiently protect ourselves . 
  extreme leftists and rightists , it 's quite sad to see . 
  indeed , the european extreme right has been quite supportive of putin and similarly critical of the us . 
  these people do n't really care about people 's wellbeing , they care about their ideology , which is oft simply raw , emotional hate , which they will twist facts and statistics to support . 
  this makes those 6 years of learning french all worthwhile . 
  the communist subreddits are shockingly pro-violence , it 's really depressing . 
  yeah but these are the people who think every country should be socialist because sweden is so successful , without realising it 's not socialist at all . 
  could you elaborate on this ? 
  at what time was this ? 
  ah here , you forgot `` jewish '' , `` cultural marxist '' , and `` muslim '' , i only give you 2 worldnews ' out of 5 . 
  i was just happy i got the solomon islands correct :p, 
  at least mcguinness admits to what he did . 
  i 'd hate to see gerry adams there . 
  yeah , europe is easy , asia is fine , africa less so ( i 'd maybe only get 70-80 % with a map as an aid ) , but oceania . . ugh . 
  ah not the first time he has referred to you lads as barbarians . 
  i ca n't really tell either country apart so , i do n't really know what that says about greeks ... 
  yeah , he 's a pretty extreme * remove kebab * type . 
  i do n't think he even speaks greek mind . 
  i consider you european jeff , you certainly hold up desirable values a lot more than the likes of / u/neutrolgreek  keep up the good fight , i might not always agree with you , but i respect you . 
  that 's one thing , but a subsidy is completely different , and is inefficient economically . 
  the subsidies have to be removed . 
  create a fuel allowance for the elderly like we have in ireland instead . 
  to the moon , my friend , only fiat currencies lose value !, 
  depends on whether you are asking how much now , or 7 hours ago . 
  in that case , probably half as much now as then . 
  many of these people are already depressed - the crisis exacerbates the situation .
