  they refused to accept they would become germans i suppose , they thought they would go back after some miracle birth rate boom . 
  forgivable i suppose , it was the 50s and 60s . 
  but unfortunate nonetheless . 
  i 'd like to think other countries have learned from this . 
  it 's more of a thing with british colonisation , rather than positive french influence . 
  homosexual relations were even illegal in ireland into the 90s , british african colonies were quite anti-homosexual in outlook . 
  also , senegal is a former french colony , for the record . 
  what 's the figure for turkey ? 
  they managed to ommit it even though it 's surveyed on the map . 
  building states is never easy however . 
  one needs only look at africa . 
  these places will need help for quite a long while . 
  but i 'm sure lots of people have no idea what they are doing . 
  i just hope that most do . 
  i hope things go smoothly , and the results show some progress . 
  the place is in a pretty difficult situation , not unworkable in the long run though . 
   i mean having eurocrats and worthless fat-cats from the equally worthless un i 'm really not sure what you are trying to state here . 
  europe needs bureaucrats to function , and the un is an important organisation bound by the will of it 's almost 200 members . 
  the world is not black and white . 
  if only :( one day we 'll send the calvary back in , one day . 
   is bad because a significant portion of the population are n't aware we are already a member and would interpret the question as asking if we should join it . 
  surely they 're not planning on giving the house pets the vote , eh ? 
  i 'd love to find out about this elusive population segment . 
  it 's the same here . 
  you ca n't just discriminate like that . 
  of course , private schools ( and their client\u00e8le ) , have more resources and thus tend to get better results . 
   unemployment is not a problem yes it is . 
  and sure , people should work less hours , but we are simply not using our human resources to the fullest right now . 
  ah , sure the weather is go halainn ar fad today is n't it ? 
   i have to say that i 'm shocked that i even have to argue about this . 
  holocaust was extermination of people deemed not to belong to society without the people in question having any chance to impact their destiny . 
  the same thing was with soviet extermination . 
  i just do n't understand how murdering estonian children can be attributed a half decent reason , while murder of jewish were out of no reason ? 
  both are equal crimes and implicated as much the regimes that made them happen . 
  the difference is , the soviets did not industrially murder the entire estonian population . 
  i see what you are saying , and really , i do n't disagree . 
  i just do n't like this thing where people try to equate the holocaust to stalin 's reign of terror . 
  they are different things . 
  most people survived gulags , the fact that ` most ' requires saying for a prison system indicates how awful they were , however when stalin killed people en masse it was not as clinical or systematic as the holocaust . 
  the idea of there being say , 5 million tatars in the soviet union and that they should all be murdered for just being tatars was not a concept there , whereas in nazi germany it was with the jews . 
   so you are saying that exterminating intelligentsia and bourgeoisie - class through out europe was a-okey ? 
  ah , but they had a good reason , exterminating whole classes of people is a-okey , because they stand in away of glorious communist utopia !, 
  well , at least they had a half decent reason for that . 
  destroying the opposition . 
  not that i support it or anything , horrible stuff . 
  but the holocaust was different . 
  well , you know , at least the russians did n't decide to exterminate a single group of people for no good reason . 
  ( yes stalin committed plenty of little genocides and campaigns of mass murder , but they tended to be more about cementing his rule and well , lack of respect for life rather than the attempted murder of an entire ethnic group . ), 
  jesus , they spend 3 years locked up , and this is her response ? 
  i hope the french people see the danger of her and her ilk . 
  in this instance , i do n't disagree . 
  i 'd like to see a non-ppp version . 
  are you actually from belarus ? 
  that 's pretty rare to see on reddit ... 
  india is still in a really bad place ( they have a similar number of malnourished people to africa ) . 
  but yes , i 'd like to see more investment in central america and such . 
  unfortunately , with the rise of nationalist parties putting pressure on other parties , aid is likely to reduce in many places ( although a noteworthy example to the contrary is cameron in the uk , who has stuck to the targets instead of giving into ukip ) . 
  of course , aid should not be permanent , and it can be reduced and re-targeted over time , as has happened in much of africa . 
  but yes , as you said , it is far from a bad investment . 
  denmark here too , seems to be another common one . 
  yeah ... how about no ? 
  never mind the mechanics , `` organizations '' . 
  god damn yankee scum . 
  in a totalitarian regime , people saying these things would be y' know , tortured and imprisoned and such . 
  let 's not equate the nsa to stalin 's reign of terror , it might be unfortunate , but it 's not quasi-genocidal . 
  in russia ? 
  lovely . 
  maybe the people who decided drilling for more oil , in the artic should pay a visit to a russian penal colony too . 
  anyone who lives in an irish city lives near plenty of ` ethnics ' . 
  yaaaaaaayy, 
  sure !, 
  but the point remains at least , society has a major part to play . 
  one can see these societal situations being played out in smaller scales in schools , workplaces etc. 
  prejudice creates reasons for prejudice . 
  roma do n't seem to get so watched when they go to the us . 
  interesting how they dissolve so quickly into society there , when there are n't as many prejudices and barriers . 
  it 's the echr , completely different . 
  picked a good time to further inflame ethnic tensions , what with the anti-migrant pogrom in moscow . 
  i hope those in hospital are n't hurt too badly , but some likely are . 
  however , look at htc for example . 
  samsung are the only ones making good money out of android right now . 
  sure , and that 's a good thing . 
  however we still have a great deal of people emigrating . 
  at the very least , we need to keep the qualified ones . 
  but people are still emigrating en masse . 
  it 'd be one thing if they were low-skilled , but something like 60 % have degrees . 
  often these maps only have data for countries under the european statistical regime , russia obviously wants now part in that . 
  which is completely inaccurate in many cases . 
  do you seriously think ghana or c\u00f4te d'ivoire were fairer , nicer places under colonial rule ? 
  who gives a fuck ? 
  shockingly enough , past is sometimes relevant to the present , especially within a mere one or two decades . 
  reality check : the taliban were pakistani stooges , we aided the northern alliance , and nato is there because the democratically ( for all its flaws ) elected government permits it to be . 
  maybe the soviets inflicted more casualties ( at greater cost to themselves ) , but the government they fought for did not have the support of the afghan people . 
  the one existing today is preferable to them than the alternative , on the other hand . 
  not firing missiles into villages tends to be a defining factor in these things . 
  it 's just the old * amerikkka * rhetoric . 
  i mean sure , the us federal and state governments are fairly shit , but they are better than much of europe 's , nevermind * russia * . 
  not looking for a bribe , but same concept i 'd assume . 
  just to try and damage them rather than earn some money for a drink . 
  this is not the bundespolezei one is dealing with , lest one forget .
