  it 's relatively good to be homosexual here . 
  i 'm not sure how religious this murder was either way , he just used religion to justify the killing as such . 
  the tension goes both ways that said . 
  in a way the only innocent party is the territory they are fighting over . 
  either way , azerbaijan is a petrostate managed by a dictator , i have little time for its government . 
  but perhaps with eu help they 'll change i suppose . 
  better the carrot than the stick . 
  that 's certainly what it sounds like . 
  sad for both really , but yeah , what a dickhead . 
  who does that like ? 
  ~ ~ i think this goes to show they have no place in the eu , right ? ~ ~ damn , maybe next article ... 
  i think it 's telling that i find excessively hot weather as parade ruining as rain . 
  ca n't hack it sadly . 
  ah , i was wondering , as i thought that there had been more than 4 pride parades !, 
  makes sense . 
  hope it all goes well , and that the weather is decent ( weather is a persistent threat to parades here haha ) . 
  ah , fair enough !, 
  gay pride parades always look like good fun . 
  nothing of significance really happens in my city sadly , however it is but a percent of the size of istanbul i guess . 
  i wish that other european countries such as russia , serbia , malta , etc would see more of this too . 
  the more tolerant we are of this , the more we can focus on other issues and work together for the betterment of society . 
  i get the impression that barcelona did a good job with regards to the olympics and somewhat benefited . 
  of course , i 'm sure the catalan government is rather different to the madrid one , but still , i would n't be so negative when it comes to the idea of waste and such . 
  the problem is money in the first place . 
   i am very concerned because with istambul riots ah god , it 's in 2020 . 
  besides , you should see some of the places it was hosted . 
   japan being also in a weird financial situation and the nuclear accident well once they get back to full nuclear capacity their trade surplus should reappear in strength , they do have a lot of debt but it 's surprisingly internal . 
  their economic problem is an ageing population , and a lack of youth and immigrants . 
  good sagan , you wo n't need any confirmation for that !, 
  it 's pure science . 
  lol , the serbs complaining about being driven away . 
  also , a city with muslims having mosques . 
  what a catastrophe . 
  balkan politics can be both upsetting and hilarious in equal measure . 
  now now . 
  ah now , i think people asking us for travel advice is the least of this subreddit 's problems . 
  sure , if it was bigger , maybe something should be done . 
  but not as is . 
  * was a part of the ottoman empire . 
  * king zog , ~ ~ from the valyrian star system ~ ~ ruled before albania became an italian protectorate . 
  * was under a stalinist dictator who aligned albania with china . 
  * communists persecuted religion very harshly . 
  muslims did n't put up much of a fight but catholics did . 
  * i recall seeing a plot of economic growth . 
  albania had shockingly low growth from the 60s onwards , while other communist states were doing relatively well and capitalist ones were going through a golden age . 
  * the economy almost collapsed in the 90s as the whole country became involved in a pyramid scheme . 
  * nice flag . 
  * elections !, 
  * one of the poorest states in europe . 
  * albanian ethnics are also the majority in neighbouring kosovo . 
  http://youtu.be/hl_gfsjresk here 's an actual link . 
  it 's hilarious but i feel bad . 
  those serbian guys were actually convicted of war crimes , they were involved in the ethnic cleansing of bosnia and murder of bosniaks . 
  the whole thing has a poe 's law effect in itself . 
  perhaps you should focus on preventing , say russia joining then . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/1ga4xo/russian_man_reveals_he_is_a_homosexual_to_friends/ and that was posted on worldnews , so it 's telling . 
  turkey joining is hardly going to increase levels of terrorism . 
  i do n't even see how that relates to anything . 
  the main terrorist problem in turkey is kurdish separatists who have been deprived of national rights . 
  shame they would n't divert some of their boundless energy to fighting those sending death threats over abortion , or those who blow things up over nationalism . 
  of course , i 'm sure you think there this is all some sort of nwo conspiracy by muslim terrorist obama . 
  it 's fairly obvious when you look through the most vocal one 's post histories . 
  i 'd like to see some actual proper discussion , but they make it all but impossible . 
  my point is however that plenty of countries have these problems . 
  there were the french riots in 2005 , for example . 
  yeah , completely agree with this analysis , 
  well tupac is alive and well in serbia to be fair , turkey does n't have anything like that going for them . 
  well , i think if you used an albanian flair you 'd garner more upvotes than an american one . 
  mind you , people might downvote you thinking you were muslim or something ( so liberal eh ) . 
  it 's a bit of lose lose actually . 
  but you may as well choose one !, 
  thanks for informing me . 
  are you albanian ? 
  you should really flair up . 
  i really must work on my knowledge of balkan states . 
  greece and turkey i know well enough , and i am alright with regards to bulgaria and romania . 
  would n't have been able to say what way the albanian government leaned before today however . 
  thanks !, 
  we could be sending students home half an hour early four days a week , and giving them a week or two of extra schooling if we got rid of it . 
  that 's too logical though for us i guess . 
  in primary school , all catholicism . 
  secondary school is a bit better , but it 's still 2 hours a week ( although that 's less than half as much as in primary ) . 
   what is holding you guys back ? 
  i 'd like to list everything but i 'd break down crying long before i finished . 
  for those that do n't know , we spend twice the oecd average time on religion . 
  it 's bonkers . 
  waste of tens of millions of euro we do n't frankly have . 
  i know the kosovar forces were regarded as terrorists . 
  kosovo today is hardly a beacon for peace and democracy . 
  and of course bosniaks were n't completely innocent . 
  however that does not mean people were equally bad , i hate that narrative where ever i see it . 
  the republicans are not as bad as the democrats , the lib dems are nowhere near as bad as the tories . 
  and the bosniaks were not as bad as the serbs who wished to carve out a greater serbia via ethnic cleansing and warfare . 
  do n't pretend the siege of sarajevo never happened . 
  whatever about the second bomb , no , i have little qualms with the first . 
  it 'd be nice all parties in the collapsing yugoslavic federation had been nice to each other . 
  it would have been nice too if japan had stopped fighting a war to the death without nuking cities . 
  well , in that case we should have kicked the uk out in 1973 over northern ireland . 
  these things are n't all black and white , it 's not like these things do n't happen in the union too . 
  frankly most of this stuff is thinly veiled anti-islam sentiment .
