  i do n't see how gadaffi rampaging through the country with 10 % public support ( a lot less than assad ) would have ended better . 
  ireland had competitive industry at the time , while the uk 's was struggling . 
  can we stop rewriting history ? 
  ireland was not dirt poor in the 70s . 
  you 'd swear we were tanzania , the way people speak . 
  did i say they were n't ? 
  the problem is they 're backing hungary on this and are making some worrying moves . 
  is she a looker ? 
  i already outlined the three options : either secede , revert back to liberal democracy , or campaign for treaty change . 
  why ? 
  i 'm more worried about the political backlash , not fico himself . 
  yeah that 's what he has imo . 
  they 'll back each other up preventing action . 
  but i imagine something else can be done . 
  i thought every other member state government had to agree . 
  as i 've said before , you have to be a liberal democracy to remain in the eu . 
  either secede , revert back to liberal democracy , or campaign for treaty change . 
  but we ca n't allow people to have their cake and eat it too . 
  how much leverage does orb\u00e1n think he has ? 
  if action is taken , sure it 'll stir a backlash . 
  but what are those pissed off hungarians going to do ? 
  are they really going to support secession ? 
  at the end of the day with regards to a sharp backlash , we 're worried about poland and hungary here - and maybe a few other central european countries like austria or slovakia , but less so . 
  taking action does n't pose a threat to the existence of the union . 
  not taking action does in my opinion . 
  all these other countries are looking after us in this regard , this is bad for us too . 
  you have to be a liberal democracy to remain in the eu . 
  either secede , revert back to liberal democracy , or campaign for treaty change . 
  such as ? 
  indeed !, 
  this would be a big undertaking . 
  but what 's the alternative ? 
  ca n't we just let parliament handle it ? 
  well sure , the bundesbank put out their paper showing most of the cushioning in the us was n't federally provided . 
  problem is , without some central cushioning , borrowing costs will shoot up ... leaving a spiral of fiscal contraction as the alternative . 
  we saw what happened with our pointless double dip recession in europe . 
  it cost us three years . 
  for what ? 
  would n't germany be better off with a stronger eurozone though ? 
  the countries that would end up as net contributors ( like ireland ) are surely hindered by a european economy operating below capacity . 
  getting the launch codes at 39 year old . 
  that 's some weight of responsibility . 
  i used to follow french politics far more , ca n't say i do now , but if you 'd asked me if i approved of him i 'd have said yes . 
  yet that makes me part of just 4 % of french people . 
  i appreciated his neoliberal turn the last 2-3 years too . 
  whereas much of his base probably felt betrayed . 
  am i the only one who likes hollande ? 
  he always seemed like a decent lad . 
  i love the / r/france valls memes : https://i.redd.it/5z7lsoe0pswy.jpg, 
  i care an awful lot about bet neutrality , but i honestly can not bring myself to care about zero rating . 
  i feel it 's like the lgbt activists who need to find something else to campaign for after reasonable changes ( eg gay marriage , trans awareness among medical professionals ) were made . 
  all i see are slippery slope arguments and how it advantages existing players . 
  i had someone use benghazi as a legitimate reason why she was bad ... 
  anyway , all the more reason she should n't have run . 
  she should have pushed biden into the race instead of freezing him out by sucking up donors . 
  she ran a poor campaign too , for example taking about the need for an assault weapons ban in july 2016 , moving left on immigration to appease sanders etc. 
  la rochelle is a good place to start . 
  nice town . 
  yeah that really does n't sit well with me . 
  he just seemed like a sore loser . 
  hamon was n't an extremist or something . 
  the idea of the us being a threat was alien too . 
  they were always seen as an unofficial ally , bar the people complaining about shannon . 
  that 's changed . 
  well a lot of poor people value things like gun ownership and feel trump will protect them . 
  somewhat . 
  but democrats dug a hole for themselves on that front without having helped anyone while digging it . 
  a lot of people have worries about security , immigration , social change etc. 
  we must listen to them , and respond to what 's reasonable where we can . 
  what is this reference ? 
  i want to know . 
  leo was an odd fish . 
  this is why macron won . 
  ugh white voters reeeeee, 
  more cushion for the pushin ', 
  ye do have some fine women though, 
  that was / u/le _ pen_maga , the hero we need . 
  yup . 
  we have to provide solutions and prevent alienation . 
  this guy cams . 
  oh sure , it 's just the phrasing - `` recent '' threw me off . 
  well , that is the same everywhere . 
  even south africa has greatly reduced it 's crime rates ( still horrendously high ) , but people believe it 's worse than ever . 
  more reasonable there than in europe though . 
  i did n't say those were n't bad stats , they are . 
  about what i assumed though . 
  i expected a much bigger increase based on / u/footzz 's post . 
  i trust your judgement though , you 're a good poster here . 
  http://imgur.com/07pga9z ah , see what you mean . 
  from 27 % in 2015 to 30 % . 
  that makes sense . 
  / u/footzz implied things had gotten a lot worse in the last 2-3 years so i was surprised to find foreign suspects had actually been falling - but clearly suspects with german nationality are falling at a faster rate . 
  so my german is n't great , but i got to this page : https://www.bka.de/de/aktuelleinformationen/statistikenlagebilder/polizeilichekriminalstatistik/pks2016/zeitreihen/zeitreihentatverdaechtige.html under 40 there are the foreign suspect spreadsheets - 2016 's numbers are the lowest since 1993 . 
  am i reading this wrong ? 
  do you have a link to them ? 
  it has the effect of damaging the credibility of internal european migrants too . 
  you saw what happened in the uk , where immigration was one big conflated issue . 
  the core problem was lack of a clampdown on mirpuri ( region in pakistan ) immigration , yet other europeans paid the price . 
  of course , that excludes other issues like population increases without sufficient housing construction ( non-private new housing provision fell to near 0 under thatcher , labour never fixed that ) . 
   you do n't make it easy for say terrorists to build a guided weapon with pinpoint accuracy .
