  but infrastructure wise we have gone from being a reciever to a net contributor , and i am happy that we help fund projects in say , poland . 
  the best way to stimulate the economy is at the european level . 
  we should have had a massive eu stimulus back in 2009 . 
  this would also have made national fiscal adjustment easier . 
  i do n't know , i 'd love to see more spending on infrastructure for the future . 
  new sewage/water systems , renewable energy , etc. 
  i agree , a nice little war would unite us all . 
  ^ ^ * coughs *, 
  no amount of lecturing changed apartheid south africa 's mind , what did was sanctions . 
  this israeli official is just crying wolf . 
  the biggest impediment to a solution is settlements . 
  i would n't half mind israel occupying the place if they improved it , but instead they exploit and colonise it completely at the expensive of others . 
  where did i put my tinfoil hat ? 
  and it 's nice to see mali getting some positive coverage . 
  the situation with lega nord and said minister is disgusting . 
  ca n't believe people can vote for such racist politicians these days . 
  i 've been in france the past week , it 's been 29-30 \u00b0 c here . 
  ireland 's only 2-3 \u00b0 below that , which is pretty messed up . 
  there has been far too much warm , clear weather since june . 
  basically if giving birth will shorten the lifespan of the woman by 40 years , requires multiple amputations and kidney removal , abortion is still not allowed if there is n't a threat to life . . 
  still not allowed either for dead on arrival foetuses or severely disabled foetuses . 
  the irish for mp in effect . 
  just because we use some irish language in our english does n't mean we should confuse everyone else . 
   us has gdp nominal per capita of 49,922 usd , they are working society and good example on countries that are not up there yet . 
  spain has gdp per capita of 29,289 , greece has 22,055 and portugal has 20,179 , so why not copy what the us is doing because they are out producing these countries easily . 
  production is however , not everything . 
  while the eu balances the books balance of trade wise , the us has a massive deficit , for example . 
   that is up to americans on how they organize their society . 
  massive cop out . 
  government intervention in healthcare generally seems to reduce costs , in the us , the government merely pays bills at exorbitant cost . 
   this is debatable , lately people have pointed out that it was n't the stimulus , but rather energy revolution in natural gas that stimulated the us economy . 
  natural gas ? 
  oh come on . 
  that 's a massive cop out . 
  i think you are getting north dakota and the usa mixed up . 
   my thoughts on state debt are simplistic . 
  borrowing against future generations is simply immoral . 
  sure it 's moral if it will improve their conditions too . 
   us of a. is a working example how allowing markets to function freely will benefit the whole country and make it very prosperous . 
  yes , that 's why they spend 18 % of gdp ( twice what we do ) on healthcare yet get worse results , that 's why they have so much wealth inequality , people who are despicably poor and so on . 
  the only good thing the us have done economically of late was stimulus . 
  good god , have you learned nothing from the last 5 years ? 
  i think comparing ourselves with the usa is what unites us most sometimes . 
  they are surprisingly different i guess . 
  this is exactly what we need , but with taller people and actual invasions . 
  let 's not stop there , imagine what we could achieve as an extremely militarised hermit state . 
  the * hero or traitor * narrative is typically black and white , quite like a lot of american reporting . 
  to me , he is neither to any great extent . 
   most evil country in europe someone is forgetting russia . 
   i watched slobodan milosevic representing himself in the hague in i think july 2003 . 
  he had refused any lawyer provided by the icj and was needling a witness about the exact location of a fighter jet deployment or something . 
  scarily intelligent . 
  the most terrifying mad men are the intelligent ones . 
  it makes you think , what is going in their minds ? 
  depends how you define european . 
  i feel a level of pride in what we have achieved since the war , and i guess , there is something nice about the idea of ` europe ' , and i am very much for us all working together and such . 
  but when * european * becomes a tool of exclusion , a tool of enforcing superiority , a mechanism to put people into boxes ( * they * 're not european , * they * will never be like us ) , i can not identify with it . 
  europe has the capacity to better the world , to right past wrongs . 
  that 's what i feel european can be , cooperation and cultural exchange . 
  i meant that the states what an impotent parliament . 
  and that 's exactly what the member states want . 
  after some googling , i discovered that the ban was put in place in april [ ( link ) ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/lifeandstyle/wordofmouth/2013/apr/15/illegal-food-cheese-us-mimolette ) . 
  what happened yesterday is that the ban was upheld . 
  is this a coincidence or a reaction by another arm of the federal us government ? 
  given that most bans probably get upheld anyway , and the us has weird food standards , i 'll go with the former . 
  i think russia today is trying to draw conclusions here that are n't actually there . 
  not surprising on rt 's part i guess . 
  the abrahamic god is all the same , jews just do n't accept the prophet jesus , christians do n't accept the prophet mohammed . 
  allah is just the arabic for god , as dieu is the french for god . 
  christians say allah too . 
  would n't ` god bless latvia ' not appeal to islamists ? 
  i ca n't see how it would annoy them . 
  they want more god everywhere . 
  i do n't know , as someone who lives in ireland the crisis was of our doing too . 
  we ca n't just all out blame the usa for that . 
  we are the ones who did n't respond with a union level stimulus package and such . 
  how was the subprime crisis obama 's fault ? 
  do n't take this the wrong way , but it 's nice to see a republican have a balanced and constructive view on the subject . 
  ` off with their heads ' is an attitude encountered all too often , and it contributes nothing to the discussion . 
  i doubt it , but everything about russia 's involvement is shady . 
  i do n't know , are these brigades , or are they regular users ? 
  it 's upsetting either way . 
  sadly in certain threads it can be rather bad . 
  i hope this place is n't a lost cause . 
  my point was , voting for somewhat authoritarian figures does not make you non-european . 
  we may as well say hungary is an asian country in that case . 
  * a croatian invented the tie . 
  * united with hungary by crown . 
  * 4 million people . 
  * involved heavily in the yugoslav wars , vaguely tried to carve out parts of bosnia with serbia , but in the end backed bosnia ( more or less ) against bosnian serb forces . 
  * speaks serbo-croatian-montengrin-bosnian . 
  * high unemployment rate , been in recession for a few years . 
  yes but they explicitly stated ` no turkey ' , because they think russia is better suited to the eu than them somehow . 
  i doubt that would really be a problem , azerbaijan seems pretty secular , not that that exactly helps them out on most fronts . 
  well , turkey would certainly be closer to the eu than any of the three . 
  georgia would come closest i guess . 
  i do n't see why we would have to listen to iran . 
  it 's the fault of a lack of european solidarity or vision in general , i think . 
  oh indeed , it took 15 years . 
  at the moment in looks like belarus wo n't be moving towards democracy any time soon however .
