  indeed most of the posters in this thread are single issue bigots . 
  at least say , vaeldr , while being a bigot has a diverse range of interests and opinions and is somewhat of a regular poster . 
  but yes / r/europe has an issue with being regularly flooded with this types , they are ruining the subreddit and encouraging hatred . 
  are you justifying it though ? 
  remove kebab with a picture of a cartoonifacation of sweden hitting turkey . 
  the impression i got was that it was some backbenchers who were giving erdogan the support , but his cabinet was more conciliatory . 
  but yes , imagine all the hassle that could have been avoided , and all the popular support saved if this had been done earlier . 
  politicians , odd bunch . 
   a `` 3 generation '' deportation law would reduce crime significantly . 
  i was referring to this , daphnedk . 
  because you ca n't just deport your own nationals , that 's crazy . 
  why on earth does this shit have upvotes ? 
  a european language , indeed :p, 
  how edgy . 
  the uk basically said that if snowden tries to go there they might end up sending him to the us , whether they want to or not - not that they 'd like to deport him . 
  chad uses the same flag as romania you know . 
  the irony being that the eu is essentially a neoliberal construction these days . 
  but oh no , protecting the environment , giving workers rights !, 
  what a disaster , eh ? 
  the problem is however that the burning of fossil fuels is pumping thousands of tons of greenhouse gases which were accumulated over millions of years into the air . 
  that is the unavoidable fact that makes this so morally hazardous . 
  there is nothing stopping us from making a long term investment now , upgrading our grid , replacing base fossil fuel electrical generation with nuclear and bringing more renewables on line . 
  all we need is the will and a bit of cop on . 
  electric transport tech and hydrogen has progressed massively since an incentive was created too . 
  we really should be trying to move to alternative energy sources rather than seeking hydrocarbons . 
  does n't seem to be a popular opinion when it comes to people 's own state though . 
  oh well , i guess we better just try and work on increasing interest and will in other countries . 
  would have been nice to add iceland mind , but what 's done is done . 
  this is just a racist troll/alt , ignore it if possible . 
  good to see !, 
  israel has conscription for females too ( although it is not gender neutral , there is a shorter term etc ) . 
  if there is going to be conscription it should be for all , not just one gender . 
  it 's weird . 
  he seems almost ... human . 
  fixed , 
  low mortality rates in many areas , does n't cost all that much . 
  [ the united kingdom of portugal , brazil & the algarves . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_kingdom_of_portugal,_brazil_and_the_algarves ), 
  * gmt timezone * kinda poor * good healthcare * used to be ( a ) uk too ( of portugal , brazil & the algarve ) * during the napoleonic wars the royal family fled to brazil , and took a while to return . 
  * in the 30s to 70s dictator salazar kept the country undereducated and promoted the notion of a pluracontinental country . 
  * revolution in the 70s , colonies given independence and descended into civil war * joined eu in 1986 with spain * in the 2000s had relatively low growth, 
  eh , the irish times i 'd say . 
  i have only read the odd article from time to time . 
  the irish independent is all but a tabloid for the ( upper ) middle class . 
  ireland : * the irish mirror * the irish sun * the irish star * irish independent and sunday independent, 
  jesus , what ? 
  you want millions to die ? 
  if my country was having a civil war with such casualties i would want intervention . 
  because i would n't want all those i care about to die and my life to go to shit . 
  zepolitician - teaching me turkish after all efforts by the natives themselves went awry . 
  pfft , we all know that program on that sultan is pure quality . 
  and his description of the protesters as ` terrorists ' . 
  vastly different situations , but does he not see the irony when you look at his position on syria , where assad denounces rebels and protesters as ` terrorists ' ? 
  well i never had an expectation of some perfect democracy , i would have hoped for a more iraq like situation ( as depressing as that sounds ) . 
  looks like far more are going to die than in the civil war in iraq however at this rate . 
  the extremists are a problem and we knew that the longer we leave the situation they would increase in power . 
  the irony is that assad , sectarianist supreme , has used this to position himself as a moderate secularist and is thus almost admired by the worldnews set . 
  that would make him unusual among prime ministers then . 
  i 'm more inclined to think he 's a cunt than a madman . 
  yes indeed , parental will is a factor i have failed to account for , and might indeed make gay parents appear better in uncontrolled studies . 
  i think it 's fair to say that while a mother and father would be ideal , two fathers rather than one , or two mothers rather than one , is far preferable . 
  and it 's an enormous improvement on no parent at all . 
  people have lived through this for two years now . 
  children are n't in school , adults are n't in work . 
  their families are dying . 
  i guess in such situations your humanity decays ( a good example might be the revenge the soviets wreaked on their way to germany ) . 
  the big problem is that the war has become so sectarian . 
  it certainly does n't look good for us to support much of the opposition who appear to now be almost as sectarian as assad . 
  furthermore with our dilly-dallying we left the sensible ones lose all power and will . 
  it 's very difficult to know what to do in this situation . 
  on the one hand there is a dictator who has no qualms about killing his population , on the other there is a fragmented group which ca n't really take control of fight effectively . 
  it 's sad to see . 
  that 's completely ridiculous . 
  the best way for us to get rid of terrorists would be promoting economic growth , democracy and equality . 
  besides , the idea that the west would create a civil war right on it 's border is mental . 
  right now a nato member is dealing with hundreds of thousands of refugees and cross-border attacks due to this shit . 
  wow , judging by your post history you think you are the most edgy being on this planet . 
  go back to 4chan . 
  unfortunately it seems turkey could be the greatest country and earth and there will exist people who spit on your country 's image for having a muslim background . 
  i guess all you can do is try and educate them without getting too angry . 
  erdogan 's party actually won a simple majority of votes . 
  seems legitimate enough to me . 
  guess it shows that people care more about economic growth than anything else . 
  it has nothing to do with that : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/95/regional_internet_registries_world_map.svg as you can see from that map , we share a registry with central asia and the gulf states . 
  the issue at hand here is basically an attempt to cleanse certain peoples out of ` europe ' . 
  i do n't , i hope he loses his position as pm and is replaced by someone with a little bit more cop on . 
  to be honest i do n't feel that britain or france owning nuclear submarines and helping rebels against a brutal in libya necessarily makes them some sort of unpeaceful menaces . 
  the list is n't bad , but it 's far from perfect . 
  ah yes , california man , was better than i 'd thought it 'd be . 
  those are pretty shocking . 
  disgusting to see erdogan basically ignoring everyone and carrying on with this shite , preferring to divide and appeal to certain sections of his party rather than trying to diffuse the situation . 
  fool . 
  i just hope the response to the riots will damage him permanently . 
  we all know shitty policing and an asshole prime minister is n't the answer . 
  shit , that 's really bad . 
  better scale some nuclear power plants and campaign for their closure !, 
  the bane of europe 's environmental movement . 
  i would n't mind , i genuinely like their policies but they are simply poo-headed on this . 
  they should start campaigning against nuclear when fossil fuel is no longer burnt for power . 
  until then , they are only doing damage .
