  too much ? 
  no problem , add more weetabix . 
  fuck i must get some weetabix . 
  yeah , i 'm not going to join the contrarian band wago - coca-cola is tasty as fuck . 
  i do oft drink other fizzy drinks ( fanta , 7up , etc ) , but coca-cola is my favourite . 
  why ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i far prefer it to pepsi either way . 
  this sounds uncannily like irish in ireland !, 
  i knew russian was the main language , did n't know it was that bad though . 
  opera is actually a pretty good browser , feature wise . 
  i have about two extensions yet i would need 20 to get what i want with chrome . 
  that said it 's non use of webkit and startup times can be a nuisance . 
  its a bit shit regarding flash on ubuntu too , compared to chrome , at least for me . 
  hopefully the people of colombia will get some small benefit from this , and of course us too . 
  if these things are properly done they are almost always a good thing to see . 
  well in theory the sources of emissions could be taken out , such as power stations . 
  but yeah , probably best kept as a last resort . 
  ah go on , have some !, 
  go on , go on , go on . 
  i do n't mean to be a nuisance , but five years of shitty learning can actually still be a good basis , if one puts the work in . 
  a lot of the groundwork is done . 
  yes , i am waiting for london to announce a surprise anschluss any day now :p, 
  i think this is one of those comparisons that us redditors make that is actually quite correct . 
  libertarians in the us represent a certain political immaturity , university students who have great ideas but do n't understand what happens when they are applied . 
  that said m4s got votes from middle class professionals and the like too so the comparison only stretches so far . 
  and of course they got 10 times the vote us libertarians get . 
  the labour party is far more mature than m4s . 
  let 's not kid ourselves . 
  in that case , his resignation may become the most important legacy of ratzinger . 
  never can be too much junk . 
  never . 
  i agree , other countries have been unfair on bulgaria and romania . 
  if they want to make more stringent conditions they should put them in law . 
  what is being done now is not right in my opinion . 
  yeah , i mean why on earth would we want to get the rest of the continental eu in schengen ? 
  i want them to join once they fulfil the conditions . 
  why should n't they ? 
  the problem with this is that every twelfth girl of a certain age looks like madeleine . 
  * tags posnania as having some sort of furry/hentai fetish * < _ <, 
  in economic terms greece would be bulimic i think , not anorexic :p, 
  this picture makes me queasy for some reason . 
  personally , i just like to think of rt as biased shit in general . 
  yes all media is biased blah blah but russia today does n't even make a stab at objectivity . 
  they did lose fuckloads of money , however they have basically profited off the backs of taxpayers . 
  meanwhile home-owners who made bad decisions , or had bad luck , are getting screwed . 
  of course , banks are pillars of our economy and saving them was a necessity . 
  but the people deserve to be paid back in full , and the banks need to be put on a tight leash . 
  the government is elected by the the people . 
  it is of the people , by the people . 
  it * is * the people . 
  the government borrowed to provide people with services and such when the tax base fell off a cliff . 
  they had a democratic mandate to run the country , so yes , this debt is the debt of the people of portugal . 
  politicians should have been more competent of course , and perhaps you did not vote for any of the ones responsible . 
  but your cousin did , you co-worker did , as did your aunt . 
  i think that your point on corruption is very naive . 
  austerity increases desperation , and thus in turn , corruption . 
  for corruption to really be wiped out there needs to be a culture change . 
  says the belgian :p, 
  can you please sign this piece of paper confirming this ? 
  in all fairness though , bosch seems to be a decent appliance manufacturer . 
  godammit guys , i trusted you !, 
  i 'm a bit disappointed that something like this did n't exist already . 
  either way however , it is good news to see action at a european level on this serious matter that the public may not really know so much about ( or at least vote based on it ) . 
  i think a lot of people understand what grillo is about . 
  his party represents `` fuck everything ' , as opposed to reform and reduced austerity . 
  this is just another example of this . 
  if his party does some good it 'll be to get the center-left to sort their stuff , and to give the italian electorate a sense of perspective . 
  i 'm sure there are exemplary mps among beppe 's ` party ' . 
  but his party is not one of governance . 
  it is not one of maturity . 
  my bosch fridge has little slots for eggs and everything . 
  i 'm not going to argue with the germans , my eggs are getting thoroughly cooled . 
  can we call the governer we install upon them leopold iv ? 
  that 'd be great . 
  hey now money and mercantilism were great reasons and i wo n't hear anything against them !, 
  also historical artefacts . 
  we 'd have about 12 otherwise ... 
  we 'll sort them out soon enough . 
  this title reads like something from the onion . 
   switzerland does n't exist . 
  i guess it 's just a lake . 
  soon . 
  i disagree with your analysis ( in a broad sense at least ) , but i really respect you for actually having reasons for seeing things that way ... and for actually analysing and thinking about it . 
  why should anyone like stances where groups are all painted as one monolithic problem , or bad thing ? 
  oh i personally do n't find it equitable at all , or desirable . 
  the policies pursued are quite contrary to my persuasion . 
  that said , i 'd be wary of creating `` stabbed in the back theories '' , as such . 
  pain was n't felt pre-monti as action was n't taken . 
  and everything was `` fine '' in ireland during the 1970s while we were running a deficit of 10-13 % of gnp . 
  in reality things were never fine in italy . 
  massive debt , no growth for two decades , endemic corruption , and a deficit that needed closing . 
  monti was the first italian pm to take action . 
  of course it fucking hurt . 
  say it with some life , not like a stiff septogenarian . 
  have you seen brazilian women man ? 
  god , europe needs so much more race-mixing . 
  it should be bloody well mandated . 
  except that we 'd kick all the illegal mexicans out . 
  fortress europe and that .
