  i 'm the latter !, 
  wow , italian politics is just a slow motion train wreck . 
  i hope the democratic party gets itself sorted out , we ca n't have berlusconi back . 
  good to hear hollande has ended the policy of paying ransoms . 
  i think that this will save lives in the long run . 
  well , it is more of a nation than any us state at any rate . 
  wonders really is a bit far . 
  she certainly changed things . 
   as a irish person you should realize your country 's influence will be very limited compared to germany 's , france 's or even poland . 
  just as the town down the road doesnt elect as many mps as the capital , that 's all well and good . 
  the problem is when national governments only work towards their own interests , not common ones . 
  certainly ireland has profited from learning from other european countries , it 's ridiculous to assume that a country once so backward has no lessons to learn . 
  exactly . 
  a stable marriage consisting of a well rounded mother and father is the ideal . 
  however kids get brought up in unmarried households , with two or less parents more and more . 
  does this produce worse results ? 
  probably . 
  but it is much , much better than nothing . 
  as ever . 
  stupidquestionsredux submits this stuff simply for this purpose . 
  wait hold on now - why on earth should a mosque have not been given permission ? 
  now , i am pretty pissy about lax planning laws , but i do n't think this is your problem . 
  please ... stop : /, 
  god , i hate it when i run out of rubbish . 
  he also apparently makes a half way decent diplomat , seeing how he managed to befriend president karzai . 
  that sad , i ai n't a big fan . 
  and there are still feck all plans to actually give irish women real abortion rights . 
  liberal my hole . 
  a nurse confirmed that she says that , and that it now does n't look so good . 
  to be honest i think it 's excellent that a ` western ' country acknowledges all parts of its society . 
  the maori are an integral part of the new zealand nation . 
  lets be honest , those students probably want to play a game of risk . 
  it 's all part of the experience . 
  yes , because one day i drank a litre of fizzy drinks and now i am hooked , having to drink litre after litre to simply give a feeling of normality . 
  fizzy drinks shouldnt have the same status as cigarettes . 
  sure , throw on some extra tax . 
  but do n't start covering bottles with pictures of organs and adding $ 4 a litre in tax . 
  yeah , its something to bear in mind . 
  you should be able to get a nice light stacking adapter anyhow . 
  now , where 's that banking debt deal eh chaps ? 
  but greece is a democracy and uses the same alphabet so its the exact same innit . 
  it 's silly , so many generations have lived and died since then . 
  one thing to note is that the british isles use different plug systems to the rest of europe for power . 
  so make sure you have a us to euro-continental to british adaptor . 
  also , bring some cash , and a debit card . 
  check the rates for your debit card too . 
  it 'll be interesting to see how this goes . 
  can any croats give us an idea of what they think will happen ? 
  it 's like calling all brits english , that 's the usual comparison . 
  phwoar , look at that picture of dave . 
  anyway :  strengthening national parliaments : multi-billion euro bailouts have been seen the bundestag getting more involved in eu affairs , as recently demonstrated by the cypriot bailout . 
  at the same time , germany 's traditional support for the european parliament -- seen as pushing an unrepresentative agenda ( including eurobonds ) -- is starting to wane . 
  many germans -- including the country 's constitutional court -- would fully echo david cameron 's assertion that national parliaments `` are , and will remain , the true source of real democratic legitimacy and accountability in the eu '' . 
  we should be strengthening the european parliament , not national ones , with regards to european decisions . 
  trillions in natural gas ? 
  dear god . 
  do n't worry 86mitso , i am sure glorious greece shall prevail !, 
  hellenu akbar or whatever you nationalists say . 
  mmmmm protectionism . 
  let 's not forget people you know , outsource to us too . 
  i do n't mind getting an indian on the phone , if they know their shit and speak nicely . 
  i do n't get this abhorrence . 
   here in the u.s. , we take it for granted that we are now in a globalized economy . 
  there is no going back . 
  we 're not going to compete with asia for low-wage , low-end manufacturing . 
  in fact , we 're going to push for freer trade with many parts of the world - including the eu - which will permit cheaper products in our country and greater economies of scope . 
  i do n't disagree with you , but i 'd like to point out that this has been accepted earlier and far more readily here than in the us . 
  there is still a lot of protectionist ideas in the us and such , and low wage jobs . 
  we have far more free-trade agreements too . 
  that 's through i guess . 
  i do n't respect suicide bombers though , mind you their method is less drawn out . 
  i 'd rather people stick to democratic means where democratic means are possible . 
  ah that is a bit harsh ... 
  i hope . 
  i can remember the entirety of my nights in salou at least . 
  it 's not too bad as tourist towns go . 
   args close enough . 
  what an incredibly odd and ill-thought out idea . 
  mind you :  left-wing politicians on paris city council have slammed a proposal to name a street in the french capital after margaret thatcher , suggesting instead that one be named after ira hunger striker bobby sands . 
  i think such a suggestion is an even worse idea . 
  these people were terrorist martyrs , who caused an awful lot of upset and death , or at the very least very much supported it ( sands himself did n't murder anyone to be fair ) . 
  dat port . 
  good news story for once . 
  so only 3 eu states below the us eh ? 
  * puts on smug cap *, 
  well , it doesnt encourage them to adopt the aquis while half of the union looks down on them so . 
  hopefully hollande will bring about real change anyhow . 
  ah that certainly is true !, 
  but you will find its what is outside the textbooks that count . 
  the scale of the jewish part of the holocaust gives it extra focus , and the roma etc are not so good at getting their voices heard . 
  well , turkey as with every accession countries is responsible for many of the delays . 
  however the most crucial issue is france and germany 's stalling , and downright alienation of the turks . 
  sarkozy had no qualms about treating the turks as no-hopers . 
  well , turkey 's opposition is pushing for gay marriage in the constitution , wo n't happen of course what with the akp , but you know , better situation than certain eu countries . 
  also a woman can get an abortion in turkey , unlike certain eu countries . 
  not as well known sadly , ask around , everyone will know of the jews ( and rightfully so ) , while much less will know of the others . 
  the thing is that worldnews is not anti-israel . 
  it is frequented by americans , who are more inclined to be pro-israeli . 
  anyway , israel * is * bad , considering it is a well educated , democratic country . 
  it is not some kingdom being run by some absolute monarch with twelve wives .
