  i loved how british it was , the mary poppins flying were amazing i must say . 
  atkinson and craig , needless to say , played their part splendidly . 
  roll on the competitions !, 
  yeah but bar greece , none of us ( ireland is a `` south europe '' country financially , none of us have wasted your money , if anything we have mutually gained from each other . 
  this is like not helping out your sister when she finds herself without a roof over her head temporarily , not some sort of spoilt daughter analogy . 
  we have all made mistakes . 
  germany is no exception , in fact i think maybe finland and estonians are the only ones who arguably have done nothing wrong . 
  oh do n't get me wrong , those comments make my blood boil , and no european would condone that attitude . 
  the sad thing is that many americans believe those things . 
  there 's a lot wrong with those people , but a lot of americans have less questionable ideas than some europeans . 
  so instead you 'll crash the entire european ( and world ) economy , including germany 's , by not paying for `` the south '' ? 
  great plan , flawless . 
  british people are european , if they are n't then neither are irish people . 
  are you saying you do n't like the irish ? 
  damn :(, 
  your average american has the same iq of the average european . 
  america does n't have fascist parties running amok ( although i guess its arguable that elements of this have taken a large chunk of the current republican party ) . 
  now , i would n't want to live in the us , and its people do n't think politics and other things through properly , but we should not act all morally superior , last time i checked we caused two world wars . 
  spain 's government debt and deficit statistics are n't horrifically awful . 
  that this has been allowed happen is ridiculous . 
  anyway , here 's an idea - instead of spain bailing out its regions , why not use the esm or some other european mechanism to help valencia , murcia and co ? 
  for some reason i dont want an arm of the chinese government building american reactors in the uk . 
  then again areva have gotten into shit in finland ( granted new types of reactors usually run into construction problems , but still ) . 
  also i really hope that hollande reverse his plan to reduce the roll of nuclear power in france . 
  who will export power to reduce the need for dirty fossil fuels in other states then ? 
  i really dont like all this north/south europe generalising . 
  ireland is a north european country that is deep in shit . 
  its by and large our own fault too . 
  for the last 35 years we have too often voted for the parties that promised the most no matter how unsustainable that may be . 
  we got rid of a property tax in 1979 and borrowed instead . 
  constant pay rises in this time too . 
  it came to a head in the late 80 's and we had to cut cut cut . 
  and what do we do ? 
  vote for the same party and policies again ( fianna f\u00e1il ) . 
  the economy was mismanaged , and was based on low corporation tax and a construction bubble . 
  everyone knew this but no one did anything . 
  there 's no need for the sinking ship comments . 
  countries like spain , italy , cyprus , portugal , malta are not seeing sharp gdp contractions . 
  rt giving less undue positive coverage of the us ( and instead replacing it with undue negative coverage ) , does not make it a good news source . 
  its a propagandist mouthpiece for the federal russian government which serves to spew anti-western rhetoric as much as possible . 
  spend an hour watching it and look at the experts they bring on , always telling us how the us is evil etc. 
  anyone who watched it during the libyan revolution must have had their stomach churn at the sheer bias . 
  edit : also yes , there 's bias everywhere , i mean look at the telegraph or fox . 
  but rt is has a lot more bias than most reputable sources ( fox and the telegraph are not reputable imo ) . 
  also conspiracy theories . 
  all the time . 
  indeed . 
  i mean i can understand his point on a north european union . . but russia ? 
  russia is so undemocratic and corrupt ... and look at the causcasus . 
  it 's also far too poor for its size for to support . 
  maybe one day , but god , if the southern states dont fit with this plan , russia doesnt have a hope . 
  i also like how they forget that bavaria is majority catholic and is probably the harshest state finance wise , opposing fiscal transfers and bail outs . 
  but lets ignore this and continue to use minor religious differences to explain away hundreds of years of history . 
  i will go with the latter , but you never know . 
  tell that to the confederate states of america . 
  confederation is failing europe , moves towards federation have to be made . 
  woah , that must be shocking ... 
  i hope the death toll stays at 7 , although that 's an awful number in the first place . 
  i have israeli relations , and i guess naturally the first thing that comes to mind is were they on that bus , as unlikely as it is . 
  i hope that whoever committed this awful act is brought to justice . 
  i live in ireland , we have a ton of polish people living here . 
  all i can say is that you have made shocking , sweeping generalisations that discredit poland 's image . 
  i would love to visit poland , its ahead of loads of other countries on my bucket list . 
  i 've never come across this german dislike of poland - heck , any dislike of poland . 
  lots of idiots dislike that polish people took jobs irish ( or british , etc ) people would do in the last few years , but i 've never heard of this even creating a strong dislike , never mind hatred of poland . 
  on the other hand , britain , france , germany , russia , the us tend to attract far more dislike . 
  there is no need for the self hate . 
  your country is great . 
  it was held back from communism but it is gaining ground every day . 
  europeans often tend to develop cynicism with regards to their own countries while viewing others with rose-tinted glasses . 
  perhaps this healthy , but too much is of course not . 
  not to mention that only a fraction of the network ( the dart ) is electrified . 
  getting the train is really a pain in ireland , but damn , you get so much space on those empty carriages . 
  `` as someone told you , do n't go into bars or restaurants that have only tourists . '', 
  yes protip : go to a restaurant that the locals go to , worth it even if it leads to a language barrier . 
  wont cost half as much too and the food will be decent . 
  portugal is getting lent to , not given `` free cash '' . 
  and just because the federal german government is the largest lender does not make it the only lender - most eu member states have lent money to portugal - from cyprus to slovenia to france . 
  hours worked does not equal productivity , nor the economic constraints imposed by the environment ( economically , resource wise etc ) of the state itself . 
  also , may i point out the irony of this comment coming from a citizen of an economy where financial gambling and trading accounts for 20 % of gdp . 
  in ireland , flying the irish tricolour is associated with the ira and sinn f\u00e9in ( former terrorists , now nationalist party who help govern northern ireland and who give ridiculous proposals in the republic ) , but euro 2012 has already made it a lot more acceptable . 
  loads of houses had the irish flag flying , and you could be proud of it too . 
  hopefully it will stay this way . 
  finns already elected pro-nuclear governments , i dont see the need for a referendum unless they plan to hold a referendum on every little project . 
  its not like these plants significantly change finland 's environment or anything . 
  still , i somehow doubt that the population would vote against it , depriving them of power , increasing dependence on russia , and upsetting their economy and balance of trade . 
  nuclear waste disposal is the biggest problem , finland seems to have it well thought out though , fair credit to them . 
  i want a federal europe , not a european football team . 
  i think the competition is fine as it is . 
  and you 're free to support any team you choose , i will support my own state , ireland , until we are knocked out , then choose another based on a host of reasons to support in the final and semis . 
  this . 
  i 'm glad we are independant these days ( although still , most schools are catholic and abortion is illegal ) , but up until the 90s ireland was a very backward , and not a particularly wealthy country . 
  from the 20s to the 80s many people suffered because of our countries stupidity , dare i say it , without the eu , we may never have changed . 
  i 'm irish , but i ca n't say i really support scottish independance . 
  scotland helps dilute the uk to make it more bearable , less toryfied , and more pro-european . 
  i also think they can promote their culture and traditions just as well within the uk . 
  also scotland would lose out on the benefits of uk membership - a unsc seat , fantastic military , a strong voice in the world , etc. 
  also as an irishman , i would worry of the effects on northern ireland if scotland was to leave the uk . 
  however if england was to lead the uk out of the european union , i would prefer if scotland secceeded and stayed in the eu . 
  also , anyone else see the huge irony in the overlap of scottish nationalists and pro-europeans on the one hand , and unionists and euroskeptics on the other hand ?
