  there certainly is n't a prevailing trend of poverty . 
  does n't mean you ca n't be somewhat repressed or bullied though , not that that 's an excuse . 
  yeah , so long as there 's a provision for secession it 's hard to argue with that - but as the economic impact shows , secession becomes less and less tenable as our economies become more integrated , which is to an extent the point of uniting europe . 
  the democratic deficit is a myth . 
  what `` deficit '' there is a consequence of confederalism where member states dominate . 
  the discussion of whether confederalism is less democratic than federalism is another issue . 
  so it sounds like a crazy guy - but there are three shooters ? 
  would be hilarious if not for the dead and injured :(, 
  so we allow millions of more people to be crowd into refugee/idp camps , while allowing a quasi state with terrorist ambitions abroad to exist ? 
  we actually tried this policy in the 90s you know . 
  what do you think happened ? 
  apart from all the dead locals of course . 
   so they go to europe since its way easier than the us ( and europe is still very involved in the coalition bombing in the middle east ) to get their revenge and killing their civilians . 
  you know what i think most of these people would find this implication offensive . 
  they 're not mindless killers at heart . 
  you still have n't offered an alternative to helping people defend themselves from this group . 
   https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jul/20/us-airstrike-allegedly-kills-56-civilians-in-northern-syria indeed , i 've obviously heard about this hence the `` most '' . 
  civilians always die in war . 
   us drops several bombs per day for example in besieged manbij which still has hundreds if not thousands of civilians left besieged with the is fighters . 
  yes , which is unfortunate . 
  but it 's all very well complaining , what 's the alternative ? 
  most of the people who die from said bombings are trying to kill civilians for no good reason though . 
  maybe go tell some iraqis about how great isis are . 
  no way she got the most coverage , maybe in british tabloids and the us , but god . 
  i remember the coverage of the attack all too well , seemed much more horrible given that most of the people killed were so young . 
  this is what happens when you let people build one off houses anywhere . 
  the government needs to add some sort of clause to planning legislation that negates the voice of those who built one off rural housing simply to commute to work ( ie they do n't even work in the community ) . 
  you ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
   in fact , support for joining the republic is just 20 % even though catholics are about half of the population . 
  because what was the point of giving up british subsidies when both the uk and ireland were in a political union with no barriers between them ? 
  she 's not going to manage to win the second round . 
  i think ensuring that france has tripwire forces on european borders should be enough for the next two decades or so . 
  of course , that 's not the situation right now - and such forces should not be a big financial burden on france which spends close to 2 % of gdp on its military anyway . 
  i do think that there might be value in us paying france to augment their deterrent too . 
  i genuinely thought i 'd watched his death in that video . 
   a local airport worker in his late 40s , is revealed to be alive and well , suffering only minor injuries , including a broken rib , a hurt fist and bruises on his back . 
  hope he does n't suffer any long term problems , a very brave man . 
  i think that 's a bold claim , why do you say that ? 
  this is where you point out how you 're actually central european , 
  ah , well yeah , i can imagine that people would want to keep worker protections . 
  i was talking more about things like state control of the economy and protectionism . 
  they used to be in a more suitable group ( ff have never really been one for europarties unlike fg and labour in the epp and pes respectively ) , but brian crowley maneuvered them out . 
  it would be nice for us to have an actual liberal party in ireland . 
  terrible man , gave him a preference then he defected to the ecr within months . 
  would n't mind but he toed the alde line the whole time , the worst sort of politician i suppose . 
  knew he was horribly ill as well before the election yet contested it anyway , heard something about him organising the defection from his hospital bed . 
  you expect a liberal party to not be relatively pro-free market and pro-free trade . . ? 
  that 's been a cornerstone of liberal politics since the nineteenth century , against the more protectionist , restricted market tendencies of the conservative elites . 
  it 's not really that . 
  obviously we can not be anyway on the side of someone did not kill for say , some misguided cause of liberation for example . 
  but as / u/scnl00ki says these people still have to grieve somehow . 
  i guess in a way you 've already lost these people long before they go out in an explosion or hail of bullets . 
   mourad says that he has often asked himself in the past several weeks if he is allowed to cry for najim -- for a man who brought so much suffering to others , but who was his brother nonetheless . 
  mourad pauses for a moment before saying , `` yes , i have grieved for him and i still have n't overcome the sadness . '', 
   have you ever heard of the trickle down effect before ? 
  okay you 're just a troll , it 's hard to tell these days , heh . 
   generally , the people elected president do not understand economics on a micro or macro scale . 
  he does . 
  why does he propose trade wars then ? 
  he seems to have no understanding of economics based on what he says , he thinks protectionism will make people better off ( ??? ), 
   it 's redistribution of wealth . 
  the us is one of ( if not the ) most unequal developed countries in the world . 
  you have to redistribute income . 
   i get my taxes taken out of my paycheck and i live on a shoestring budget . 
  which means you 're paying less tax than the state spends on you , nevermind all the money various governments spent on things like your education and will spend on things like your pension . 
   it 's going to people who are not legal citizens . 
  they get benefits now . . ? 
   little ebit cards would you rather give them cash ? 
   americans are broke . 
  we 're debt slaves . 
  yet you want to make the rich richer and yourself worse off ? 
  you have n't explained how hillary is a secret socialist . 
  judging by your post i think you need to some research . 
  i do understand , living in a country as unequal as the us ca n't be good for your mental health . 
  maybe you should come on holiday to europe some time . 
   muslim immigration i see you post on theredpill . 
  would n't a lot of these muslims be quite similar to you with regards to views on women and such ? 
   also , he 's a business man with experience making decisions . 
  would n't he be better off financially if he put his inheritance in an investment fund ? 
   hillary to me is a socialist who wants to breakdown my country piece by piece . 
  why do you say she 's a socialist . . ? 
   which has been nothing but a disaster . 
  why ? 
  also obama is clearly a centrist liberal , but you say hillary is a socialist , which is incompatible with liberalism ? 
  i 'm not american so could you maybe explain this a little more ? 
  cheers . 
  why should n't we advise such people about how his election would affect our stance towards the us ? 
  we 'll have to deal with the fallout . 
   in which way is it dangerous to prevent uncontrolled illegal immigration ? 
  you think that 's people 's main gripe with trump . . ? 
   the main factor was setting the orientation of industries to high tech . 
  which was possible because they were allowed compete with the developed world , instead of being subject to the protectionism advocated by the likes of trump . 
  south korea did not start off developing high tech products when they had a gdp per capita of $ 200 , they developed themselves as vietnam is doing . 
  we was obviously the west , context lad . 
   the game trails are the parts of the forest you can be sure not to stumble ower a mine . 
  that 's fascinating !, 
  at least some good came from the mining , i suppose . 
   political orientation , religiosity , closeness to g\u00fclen , their opinion about erdo\u011fan , if he drinks alcohol . 
  do you know what was viewed as more important ? 
  for example would a drinker who disliked g\u00fclen and was pro-akp have a decent chance of getting appointed , whereas an otherwise pro-erdo\u011fan g\u00fclenist would have no chance ?
