  well , clinton to be fair to him actually made a genuine humanitarian intervention in somalia , and later in yugoslavia ( when we would n't , lest we forget ) . 
  sadly congress would n't accept casualties and forced him to make the us pull out . 
  the way congress is under the thumb of special interests is probably the biggest problem . 
  let 's not bring belgium into this . 
  a broken clock is right twice a day i guess . 
  i regard you as perfectly irish . 
  my position was more based on a broad selection of people . 
  there will always be outliers and such . 
  but when 50 % are outliers then one must ask are they really part of that group ? 
  i was referring to europe as a whole . 
  also , it was a joke . 
  * you know nothing , faisal islam * , has a nice ring if i 'm honest . 
  krishnan is very good at his job it must be said . 
  one of my favourite englishmen . 
  not really . 
  i just wish people would call it northern ireland , which is what it is . 
  there is a problem of nationalists calling it ` the north of ireland ' , as if it was part of the irish state and not a place in its own right . 
  oh not at all . 
  it 's more a case of in the broader scale or things . 
  for example our right wing parties are n't really anti-welfare , yet roughly half or ` irish ' americans would abhor the idea of a government owned health system . 
  perhaps . 
  a lot of people dismiss bigots views on certain issues , so it would be logical for them to hide their views in order to spread their agenda . 
  hence the `` i 'm not a racist ... but '' phenomenon . 
  i know it 's mean but when people say that they are ` irish ' despite never having set foot in europe in their life , and are against any sort of social-democratic policy etc , i get a bit annoyed . 
  too busy cleansing your ethnicities eh ? 
  ^ ^ ^ runs, 
  yes , we find it very weird and frustrating , but i guess it 's easy for us to feel that way . 
   that is why he had the full support even though he was both corrupt and a religious fanatic . 
  plenty of european leaders are ` religious fanatics ' . 
  may i point to my country where the concept of legalising abortion only to save the life of the mother has caused massive controversy , or in france where there were massive rallies against gay marriage . 
  get off your high horse !, 
  also please flair up and post about non-turkish issues . 
  you could have selected other i guess . 
  i just selected germanic , i have little faith in these ethnicity things . 
  i told him to add kosovo , but he said he would n't unless people asked . 
  stir some more drama !, 
  sounds rather germanic to me really . 
  ethnicity is debatable really though . 
  for example a turk might say they are turkic , but they would look horribly out of place in turkmenistan . 
  i 'm slow . 
  koalas actually have quite a lot of issues , as far as i know nuclear industry related ones are down the list . 
  well radaway , not to be mean but i think some of your analysis these days is not as balanced or fair as it once was . 
  reddiquette is dead , whether we like it or not . 
  upvoting and downvoting evidently does n't work for quality control , one needs only look at / r/worldnews or / r/adviceanimals . 
  huh ? 
  are you on about the nuclear capability question ? 
  i support maintaining it as an irishman . 
  a lot of racists do n't deny it to be fair , they rather try to justify it . 
  i agree . 
  i never supported his appointment either . 
  sounds good !, 
   i do n't need a suggestion box in a survey . 
  i did . 
   30k subscribers and this sub is probably at its lowest level of quality posts and discussions on submissions . 
  do n't really disagree . 
   its lowest level of reddiquette with any opinion against what i am now calling `` the narrative '' being heavily downvoted . 
  the upvote/downvote exchange generally is strongest in threads that attract bigots . 
  perhaps you are losing karma due to becoming more extreme on some other issues ( i used to recall you as a well balanced leftish poster ) . 
   its highest level of banned users . 
  every day will see a new higher level of banned users . 
  this is a meaningless sentence . 
  should we leave the trolls ruin this subreddit ? 
   its highest level of sketchy mods . 
  whatever about the rest , bezbojnicul is doing an excellent job activity wise as far as i can tell . 
   this sub is quickly being ruined and probably being run by `` social media strategists '' . 
  what ? 
  is this a joke . 
  like i genuinely do n't understand what you are getting at here . 
  hey !, 
  stop plotting . 
  do n't make us get nato again guys . 
  sounds pretty interesting . 
  do you have one ? 
  how useful are they ? 
  what are you supposed to do after a few days down there ? 
  * supermarkets used to have to store food in case of nuclear war . 
  * new buildings used to have to have bunkers . 
  * for some reason passed a minaret ban . 
  * lots of portuguese immigrants . 
  * 4 national languages , however romansh , the smallest , is only spoken by something like 1 % of the population . 
  well , generally i would consider bulgarians to be among the darkest shades of europeans , along with greeks and turks . 
  english arrogance is just arrogance , you know . 
  anyone can be arrogant . 
  certainly in ireland , every time fine gael ( conservatives ) and labour formed a coalition they were the 2nd and 3rd largest parties ( until the last election , where they formed a coalition as the two biggest parties ) . 
  it 's perfectly legitimate . 
  i really ca n't tell greeks/bulgarians/turks apart from each other . 
  maybe i have a bad eye for this . 
  turkey first , now bulgaria . 
  anything about to bubble over in romania ? 
  it 's sad to see how little so many politicians care . 
  i 'm guessing people have less disposable income due to debt servicing , and are also less inclined to spend out of caution . 
  it 's ok do n't worry , 
  i never said i was . 
  please do n't belittle me . 
  yes , the truth about how the islamojew fascists are siphoning off money from your bank accounts and have created the syrian conflict as a prelude to wwiii . 
  are the majority of germans * really * against bailing out ireland and portugal ? 
  i 'd imagine living conditions are worse here , certainly for those part of the 14 % unemployment rate . 
  that 's something i have n't come across in years in ireland . 
  mostly a thing for those born before the mid-80s really . 
  actual individual consumption in the uk is 120 % of eu average , while ireland 's is 98 % .
