  at the very least someone younger . 
  the man is stuck in the past . 
  indeed , europe is a confederation . 
  we 're not a federation . 
  you are . 
  such as new mexico ? 
  big cities like miami , phoenix , detroit or philadelphia ? 
  this is a silly argument . 
  she 'll finish with a 1-2 point lead once all the votes are counted . 
  this is why voters should think about who they vote for . 
  perhaps they should n't vote for someone like donald trump . 
  it causes a cascade of problems the status quo does n't . 
   no we do n't , that 's one of the reasons the bloated orange guy with no tailor won . 
  he campaigned on attacking iran however and his foreign policy picks indicates he wants to , so i do n't know . 
  he criticised hillary for the iran deal . 
  it 's almost like you guys elected a climate denier who wants to kill the families of suspected terrorists . 
  sure , but opposition to the far right also arises from centrists and the centre-right , who have no issue complaining about illegal immigrants etc. 
  unfortunately hundreds of thousands of extra votes for clinton over obama in texas ca n't make up for tens of thousands in pennsylvania , michigan and wisconsin . 
  how can we justify killing people when we can have alternatives ? 
  the stars of being a cretin . 
  there obviously has to be some level of common gun laws , and much of the changes were reasonable . 
  if you do n't want common laws on this front , you need to return to hard borders . 
  how many lives a year would these regulations save ? 
  and at what cost ? 
  that 's what you have to ask . 
  i have n't seen any evidence backing these measures that seem to simply hurt law abiding gun owners with restrictions on cosmetic and functional alterations . 
  why do you say that ? 
  i hope elements of these restrictions are struck down , but you need evidence to back up this claim . 
  there were plenty of colonial forces , however the film was fine in that regard as those units were n't in the scope of the film . 
  it 's a misguided criticism . 
  if the film had covered a broader area that 'd be a different matter . 
  the us spends 18 % of gdp on healthcare due to massive private overspend . 
  that 's covered by individuals and employers ( reducing wages ) . 
  we 've had 3 years to reduce our reliance on russian gas . 
  yet since the invasion of crimea has nordstream been cancelled ? 
  have nuclear shutdowns been postponed ? 
  have countries like ireland finally begun to spend money to reduce emissions ( we have not even started on a planned metro line or underground suburban rail connection ) ? 
  so how about we blame ourselves , instead of republicans finally growing a spine ? 
   we have entire demographics whose only ambition and goal in life is to collect as much free shit from the tax payer as humanly possible . 
  to be fair , gop voting leeches do n't really believe that they 're doing so when they want a bunch of shit from the government ( rule of law , protection of property rights , pensions/education/healthcare / food for their employees , infrastructure etc ) without paying any taxes . 
  what we need to do is lease several hundred km \u00b2 from tunisia and provide protection for people there and holding centres for people who are to be deported . 
  i got 30 out of 40 , a lot of that was general european history though . 
  had to guess all the famous artists/cultural people though . 
  is he really getting a honeymoon ? 
  i do n't really feel it . 
  such as ? 
  not . 
  yet . 
  i think irish people realise that no country is ever going to be truly independent these days ( bar maybe russia or the us ) . 
  we never had control of our own currency for example ( pegged to sterling , to the erm , to the euro ) , so transferring sovereignty voluntarily in a way everyone mutually benefits on the whole is n't going to make many people that angry . 
  ukraine was invaded in 2014 . 
  what stopped us accelerating the construction of renewable and nuclear capacity that we would have had to build anyway , reducing the demand for gas ? 
  you can either respect the constitutional framework of the union while pushing for changes to it , or secede . 
  you ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
   in that case though , are you in control of your own nation ? 
  no individual european nation can have anything approaching complete control of its destiny . 
  even if france seceded from the eu tomorrow , it would lack control on a vast array of issues , as we see with the uk 's secession . 
  we can only maximise our self determination by working together . 
  i 'm pretty sure we in europe still have vast amounts of that , we just control it better . 
  exactly . 
  poland can push for european legislative/constitutional change while respecting the law in the meantime , or secede . 
  you ca n't have your cake and eat it too . 
  the f-35 gets fat shamed a lot but it 's one of the best looking fighters out there imo . 
  dunno how europe could make a better looking 5th gen multirole fighter . 
  i got a czech train from bratislava to budapest . 
  it did n't even have wifi . 
  are you saying hungarian trains are even worse ? 
  i 'd struggle to picture that . 
  no plug sockets ? 
  no tables ? 
  salzburg is great . 
  so much to do in such a compact city . 
  and so pretty . 
  where are these countries going to get the resources for the massive amounts of nuclear and solar polar to desalinate vast amounts of water to irrigate the sahel deep inland ? 
  where are these countries going to get the resources for the massive amounts of nuclear and solar polar to desalinate vast amounts of water to irrigate the sahel deep inland ? 
  inclusive institutions innit . 
  the problem is that many of these african countries are failing to transition . 
  compare them to bangladesh , vietnam , india , or indonesia . 
  where are these countries going to get sufficient water and arable land from ? 
  well if you live in an unproductive socialist country , who will want to move there ? 
  checkmate xenophobic capitalists . 
   meaningful change cant come from a ballot box yes that 's why the uk never got the nhs and the tories never took an axe to welfare spending , the status quo always prevails . 
  how do you and your friends vote ? 
  you ca n't expect to continually preach the overthrow of the democratic system without popular backing + engage in violence and not end up on a europe-wide list , can you ? 
  attempts at socialism have been bad for the environment in almost every instance bar cuba . 
  did n't yer man sam have zero training in this ? 
  whereas 538 were actually experts ... 
  538 had him at 30 + % . 
  were you born in the mid 30s ? 
   man 's inhumanity to man . 
  i assume he means a strong american military will stop the gop hurting mankind ? 
  what does this mean , the military is going to launch a coup to cut co2 emissions ? 
  this says capacity , how much is actually generated though out of interest ? 
  we 're not forming a political union with them , they are however useful allies for the tough times ahead . 
  we were chosen to host two world wars for a reason . 
  freedom is n't free etc. 
  although i suppose us irish are happy to leave off the rest of europe in that regard . 
  while poland had no recession and slovakia had one , the slovakian economy has actually grown the fastest in europe in the last decade if i recall correctly , edging out poland . 
  cork to dublin is 160km/h rated , probably why it 's included . 
  i 'd probably go to munich .
