  cry in the corner . 
  fuckit i 'm irish and i 'd support that . 
  rotating monarchy anyone ? 
  please tell me that video is fake . 
  well lets see , if there was a genocide and huge ethnic strife it would be difficult . 
  however if genocide and aggression was rewarded with unilateral changes of borders , that sets a precedent , right ? 
  so maybe bosnians should try to make this work , as the international community does not wish to reward ethnic cleansing . 
  wo n't happen while european politicians are too spineless to confront the electorate and raise fuel taxes to spend more on renewable/nuclear . 
  look at germany increasing coal use . 
  and this situation arose for good reason . 
  it 's up to bosnians to move on from this . 
  spain 's infrastructure has always impressed me , even in andalusia . 
  muh elites martin down the pub surely has a better idea of what constitutes rule of law , right mate ? 
  all that nonsense helped create the notion of scandal , that 's the thing . 
  then you add stupid cable news talk which swings ignorant undecided voters . 
  it 's news because intelligence agencies briefed him and obama on it ... also trump publicly asked for russian hacking , and has said nothing negative about it - of course he supports it , it won him the election thanks to the shitty cable media having some juicy daily leak instead of reporting on the actual issues . 
  these organisations are too powerful , especially the fbi . 
  however america 's democracy needs to be protected first before any changes are made . 
  too much is at stake , trump ca n't be allowed to gut any internal opposition . 
  the fact it 's unsubstantiated is pointed out , plenty of caveats . 
  the golden showers thing sounds like bullshit , it could be a deliberate deception by russia to muddy the waters . 
  however everything else - well , the circumstantial evidence is there the golden shower shit is irrelevant , but if russia does have some kompromat that poses a huge problem for the us . 
  ca n't ye lads just give based ( or whatever it is these days ) naomi long a few dozen seats ? 
  please , i already must lose 6kg :(, 
  so east germans were as free and wealthy as west germans ? 
  i think most of us want a europe that retains its territorial integrity . 
  well it 's a lot more civilised than dropping unguided munitions !, 
  europe needs much more attack helicopters in all fairness . 
  the point is that there is a gop hate machine that is alien to us in europe . 
  when clinton was a secondary target , her favourables were in the 60s . 
  once they realised she was going to run , they targetted her incessantly , and the gop congress launched bullshit witchhunts against her which they freely admitted were used to bring her poll numbers down . 
  this is alien to much of us in europe . 
  sliming each other directly ? 
  even bugging ? 
  sure . 
  but we do n't really have the hard to far right media bubble the us has , where people can exist in a parallel world with its own set of facts . 
  french girls ( well women in their 20s ) seem to be the skinniest anywhere i 've been in europe . 
  more power to them i suppose , bit meh for me though . 
  yes , you 're welcome to be that way , just cut your carbon emissions asap . 
  whatever about the trump admin , how is the french government more personally corrupt than the equitorial guinean regime ? 
  sure you have arms sales bribes etc , but those are n't to enrich members of the government . 
  our borders are pretty solid , the problem is we have no extraterritorial holding centres for asylum seekers , thus border countries who had to deal with them all let them spread to other countries as it was a ridiculous burden for them , while the union as a whole was doing very little . 
  i agree , we should put our money where our mouth is , and create extraterritorial facilities , spend more on refugee provision abroad , and take a tougher line on russia and other governments which are causing chaos . 
  from cork , can confirm . 
  most of us could n't find leitrim on the map ... then again , who would want to ? 
  we need to get the migration compact completed . 
  we have all the leverage in this regard , if only we could be bothered coordinating it . 
  what 's better ? 
  i 'd just like neoliberalism with higher taxes and a fiscal transfer mechanism . 
  yeah spd is too weak on russia too . 
  i think a black-green coalition is europe 's best hope . 
  the left is n't really to blame at all imo . 
  europe 's centre left and those to the left of them need to be stronger on russia though . 
  right ... 
  but that 's irrelevant to the double standard . 
  democrats fall in love , republicans fall in line . 
  there is a radicalised far right base in the us that comprises a good 30-35 % of those who vote . 
  democrats are much more picky , while gop voters fall in line no matter what . 
  she had a favourability in the 60s before she ran . 
  the gop systematically tore her down . 
  he lost most of the primaries in the battleground states , and he saw what the gop was able to do with shit all dirt on hillary , they had actual dirt on sanders . 
  o'malley had no real fanbase and had a history as mayor baltimore . 
  biden would have been the best bet . 
  more scandals than hillary maybe , but they did not have a ready made witchhunt on him ( they had the va scandal for sanders ) . 
  shame his son died and he did n't run . 
  or just the centre-right ... 
  would o'malley or sanders won in that climate ? 
  sanders had far more scandals at least . 
  but yeah , democrats need to stop relying on people who can `` fundraise '' . 
  they need a centre-right candidate who can appeal to those with racial resentment . 
  was there ethnic cleansing ? 
  was there a 10 year period where reconciliation could not occur ? 
  were there elections in between ? 
  why is a third of my traffic rubbish trucks and hearses ? 
  not even ambulances , just hearses ... 
  was it not partially because of the russian route ? 
  that 's why we need to continue to implement the migration compact . 
  use the carrot and the stick to ensure an end to refusal of deportations . 
  it 's the one thing he 's been consistent on . 
  republican voters absolutely favour malicious interference if it helps them . 
  remember most of them voted for trump . 
  net favourability of putin among republicans has increased 56 points between the summer and december . 
  www.politico.com/story/2016/12/gop-russia-putin-support-232714  back in july 2014 just 10 percent of republicans held a favorable view of putin , according to a poll conducted by the economist and yougov . 
  by september of 2016 , that number rose to 24 percent . 
  and it 's even higher today : 37 percent of republicans view putin favorably , the poll found in december . 
   while the russian president still has a net un-favorability rating among republicans , his standing has improved dramatically -- from a net negative of 66 points to a mere 10 points . 
   by comparison , only 17 percent of republicans have a favorable view of president barack obama , the december poll found . 
  obama 's net negative among republicans is 64 points -- significantly worse than the party 's take on putin . 
  that puts pressure on federal gop politicians . 
  they 've got a pro-putin sycophant as us president . 
  they won . 
  what corruption ? 
  i think most europeans see shit all , americans are so fucking hysterical , their bullshit cable `` news '' like cnn tried to make each dump as dramatic as possible . 
  we can befriend them once they leave ukraine and stop trying to dismantle us . 
  marginal tax increases in a high inequality environment is hardcore leftist ? 
  pro-trade policies are hardcore leftist ? 
  wanting to reduce emissions is hardcore leftist ? 
  right . 
  that does n't make the gop any less detached from reality . 
  of course any decent news source will make republicans look bad .
