  we do not have referenda on little foreign policy decisions , as this removes our ability to react to situations and adapt . 
  what happened here is representative democracy was overturned for fuck all reason , giving another victory to russia . 
  this basically kneecaps europe 's ability to conduct its regular external affairs , by allowing special interests in a single mid sized country to veto trade deals by holding a referendum based on russian disinformation . 
  do you not see the problem here ? 
  europe is a representative democracy . 
  we should not be putting this of all things to a plebiscite in a single state , certainly not with russia 's current agenda of dissolving the eu by promoting such malicious political issues . 
   why should n't it be subject to a referendum ? 
  the referendum was done according to the dutch law , right ? 
  because then every european law or agreement can be put to referendum in nl , which can fuck everything up for the rest of us , as it can be for example used by russia as i said . 
  it 's not like we 're amending the constitutional basis of the union . 
  because it means europe is held hostage to russian information warfare over issues that should not be subject to national referenda . 
  this was an * association agreement * . 
  how on earth is this bending over ? 
  jesus lads , it 's an association agreement . 
  you ca n't veto this shit willy nilly . 
  yeah , the australian model - extraterritorial facilities at least - is the way to go . 
  however we must not fool ourselves that we can do it cheaply . 
  america annexed hawaii in the 19th century , not the 21st . 
  thank you turkey . 
  this is so important . 
  were n't they mostly quite rural ( and disproportionately kurdish ) ? 
  well your unemployment ( u3 ) is half the reu 's , so do n't complain too much . 
  is n't the eu-c\u00f4te d'ivoire agreement already provisionally applied ? 
  my understanding is that they were disadvantaged as they were n't an ldc unlike their neighbours , so they did n't get the low to no tariffs and quotas they had . 
  glad to see these tests being carried out . 
  failing to carry them out only encourages people to ditch their papers , making them harder to deport . 
  people should be made well aware of this policy . 
  bible belt ? 
  in all fairness , it 's 4 ( wealthy ) provinces now , i imagine they 'll expand it . 
  exactly . 
  but this is what the far-right does to delegitimise newspapers . 
  the rest of us should ensure our criticism is careful so as not to enable them . 
  eg fox or breitbart are not exclusively fake news sites , unlike say `` uspoliticstruthnow.co '' or whatever . 
  exactly . 
  a liberal editorial slant does not make you `` fake news '' . 
  inventing stories based on zero evidence does . 
  it 's a mistake , calm down . 
  `` pope endorses trump '' was not a mistake unless they left out a `` does not '' and endorse acquired a surplus s. 
  you 're actually right about this tbh . 
  now i ca n't believe any transfer speculation . 
  did acorn rig the election in 2012 ? 
  could you elaborate ? 
  what 's so terrible with vox ? 
  yeah , i mean , climate science is hogwash really . 
  the market reaction is about the loss of renzi , more than anything . 
  i looked it up earlier - if california had no electoral votes , the electoral college winner would have been unchanged since californian accession to the union . 
  i had very little knowledge about internal us politics until a few months ago . 
  i aspire to return to that status , but you guys need to stop electing climate change deniers first . 
  well it was a european referendum as much as much as california 's proposition 55 was an american referendum . 
  eh , things like this reform for one ( even if you disagree with it ) . 
  his migration compact was a pretty obvious solution yet he was the one to invest political capital in it , and it 's getting places . 
  you had the labour market reforms too . 
  he seemed to really want to better italy and europe , even if you disagreed with his methods . 
  but i 'm not italian . 
  i really did like renzi , he had vision , and restored italy 's place in the world . 
  shame he tied himself to this referendum , reckless and irresponsible . 
  they 're not far right though are they ? 
  are n't they floundering somewhat anyhow ? 
  my knowledge of sk politics is quite limited - has n't the country generally been led by a , eh , president park ? 
  tbf i 'm not sure if it 's park hye gun or park gun hye ( spelling ? ), 
  if even that . 
  you 'd get them mixed up then be laughed at for a week . 
  granted , we 're laughing at him already . 
  and thus will not win power ? 
  what 's wrong with new york leaving the us ? 
  oh their whole economy is based on trade with the rest of it , and us negotiated trade deals ? 
  stop watching cable tv and subscribe to a newspaper . 
  indeed , mexico having border fencing , and deporting illegal immigrants is fine , just as it is for the us . 
  how does this relate to my post ? 
  we have to deal with ridiculously high american carbon emissions , and they are 20 % of the global economy . 
  of course we 're frustrated . 
  you elected someone more extreme than any freely elected leader in the west since wwii , who denies climate change and wants to screw over other countries ( eg mexico paying for a wall ... ), 
  in all fairness , hofer is not trump . 
  first of all , trump is much more extreme . 
  second of all , trump is a deranged idiot . 
  hofer is able to present himself as a statesman , trump a demagogue with a very limited dictionary . 
  sure , but / u/signor _ rana should n't be guilted for maintaining the status quo . 
  if you want to complain about people , point fingers at the populists . 
  as they said , they will not be voting for m5s . 
  thanks to responsible politicians . 
  they make a good point , you can change your unwritten constitution with a simple majority . 
  the reform , or that attitude ? 
  i have no issues with the approach of / u/signor _ rana , what people take issue with is people using plebiscites to give a bloody nose to `` the establishment '' , instead of voting based on the issue 's merits . 
  exactly . 
  24 hour tv and thousands of websites mean so much poorly researched fluff is produced . 
   people near russia do n't feel safe because of a media coverage such as this article from the original post . 
  or perhaps because russia is going around annexing shit , something that was supposed to have ended a few decades ago . 
  let 's not pretend this is a media invention . 
  this really is bizarre - how can someone be jailed for `` terrorist '' offences based on this evidence ? 
  anyone have any other information ? 
  seems entirely over engineered , but i 'm not an engineer . 
  why no new nuclear ? 
  buzzfeed uses click bait to finance reporting . 
  clearly a mistake as every article garners this comment , understandably . 
  * one donald is more than enough *, 
  right , but my point here is that the eu is not the issue . 
  sure and i 'm generally opposed to such immigration . 
  i do n't see why that means i have to be anti-eu though . 
  the union has 9 % unemployment but it varies heavily . 
  without the eu states with low unemployment would have large scale immigration from outside eu states .
