  yet still have 5 or so meps . 
  * eurozone member and they have a relatively big financial industry . 
  * siege of malta during wwii , awarded the george cross for it . 
  it 's now on their flag that 's all i really know i 'm afraid . 
  certainly the case in most of europe indeed , not just turkey . 
  in ireland labour are the only real choice as a party . 
  but they are full of old trade unionists who are out of touch with the youth . 
  they are a party of the public service and those on welfare , but not of the public at large . 
  we need more liberal parties with real views and plans . 
  do n't worry guys , we 've got this covered . 
  higgins is the head of state for the 4.6 million people or ireland ( republic ) . 
  the queen is the head of state for the people of ni . 
  as far as i can tell france is the most french place on the world . 
  have you seen their laws on playing non-french music ? 
  this article is n't submitted to an irish subreddit though . 
  god knows how many presidents exist in europe . 
  in all fairness , higgins is right . 
  there must be a reflection on the social values of leftish thought , as the people have been neglected in place of states and corporations . 
  increased social strain increases tensions , and certainly racism . 
  and europe has exponentially too much racism as is . 
  it was concerning europe in general , i too assumed it was barroso , as would most reading the headline . 
  yeah i hate how all those far left groups propose the extermination of anyone with recent origins south of the po . 
  the top comment in / r/worldnews is invariably wrong and extreme right . 
  i 'd unsubscribe if i were you , it 's a lost cause as a subreddit . 
  the people that killed this man are proud of the extermination of millions of jews , along with massive amounts of roma , disabled , anti-nazis , and homosexuals . 
  and they want such genocide to happen to them . 
  maybe if they were the ones killed i 'd feel sympathy . 
  but no . 
  these people are the dredges of civilisation . 
  its interesting how you never see these bigoted posters in budget discussions or threads about their national bread . 
  nice to see irish people doing something positive on the nuclear front . 
  the other day a radio presenter was almost in hysterics at the thought of british and french * nuclear * produced power being sold in ireland . 
  he was going on about how ` some people are very concious about this sort of thing ' . 
  you know i would n't half mind , but the city where i live is right next to a massive amount of chemical plants , and our carbon emissions are sky-high . 
  at first i thought it was but if you look through his comments no , it is not a joke . 
  good thing pure ethnic french metropolitans did n't collaborate with fascists or send thousands of jews to their deaths , right ? 
  i do n't know , he seems to believe in greek superiority and that hellenic strength will prevail over all , as well as being a racist . 
  seems goldendawny too me . 
  he used to be mitso86 if you can recall . 
  parisians in general tend to be dicks to tourists . 
  that said , i really enjoyed my visits there and would love to return . 
  i do n't remember being harassed or mugged . 
   italians clapping when a plane lands . 
  makes me cringe . 
  presumably this is because their national airline is alitalia , and it 's never certain that the plane will make it all the way to its destination . 
  this happens on irish planes too . 
  i have seen some very perplexed foreigners . 
  is this not common across the nordics/baltics as well ? 
  i always associated the british/irish drinking culture with a wider trend , an arc of inebriation across the north of europe . 
  either way , i 'm impressed . 
  the picture i oft get of american schools is one of students having no motivation to work and the workload being rather low , i guess . 
  it sounds like you were far ahead of our course , up until 10th grade , then slowed down . 
  the workload here really increases in the last 2 years, 
  applied maths is only taken by 1000 or so students as an extra subject . 
  it 's more about maths based physics than anything else . 
  rather difficult . 
  the actual physics course is mostly theory , experiments and such . 
  the calculations can be difficult for those who are bad at maths , but not challenging for those who know the formulas and can work things out . 
  what are you on about ? 
  they gave us almost the entire uk . 
  do n't fear northerner , we shall be kind and gentle rulers , only seeking total obedience . 
  i was a bit shocked by how many young people i saw in the pictures . 
  a bit worrying really . 
  in civics , i was thought much of this when i was 14 or so . 
  community of greater europe ? 
  ministerial council ? 
  national council ? 
  these are all terrible but still . 
  i feel they are an improvement . 
  the problem with germany is they still do n't feel ok about using hard power due to their war legacy . 
  while i would like them to balance out france and the uk it seems to me that they would sometimes pretend there are no problems in the world . 
  personally , i think armed force integration should start with our navies and air forces . 
  truly a sad day for all german speakers . 
  if he posts it in ireland he 'll just get downvoted t ` fuck . 
  americans get it the worst but still . 
  bitter bunch of regular voters there i guess . 
  edit : 18 upvotes to 9 downvotes . 
  everything went better than expected there . 
  we have been infiltrated . 
  reading the comments of some americans about ` socialist ' europe can prove to be both upsetting and funny at the same time . 
  please do n't listen to them . 
  some people are so hateful , there will always be those who wish to pick on those who are different . 
  any reasonable points have been lost in a sea of vitriol and bigotry on their part . 
  this is probably one of the most level-headed analysis i have seen on the subject , and i largely agree with it . 
  ah god you know i did n't realise it at first , i thought he was just a someone who did n't give a fuck , and was a grand person really . 
  but yeah i 've learned better of late . 
  ah now , we do n't think of you as parasites i 'm sure . 
  the mexico of europe is a description that seems surprisingly apt . 
  i like it . 
  oh do n't be such a moan . 
  20 years ago people would have been moaning about how this subreddit is obsessed with poland or whatever . 
  either way , as far as i can tell turkish posts tend to receive a disproportionate amount of downvotes . 
  better than labour got in the uk . 
  why should have he accepted it ? 
  as far as i know ireland has had relations go cold since that incident too . 
  the conduct of the israelis was shocking . 
   i 'm saying that we need to get our house in order before we think about doing anything for anyone else . 
  but this attitude will mean there is always an excuse . 
  the us had the same attitude in the 20s and 30s , leaving the league of nations weaker and such . 
  everyone does n't do service in the upper echelons of the military though .
