  speak for yourself . 
  beheadings for some , minature isis flags for others !, 
   socially pandemic i did n't say they were . 
  a lot of mental illnesses have triggers and exacerbating factors . 
   irrational behavior = / = mental illness . 
  indeed . 
  eating disorders are a mental illness though . 
  it 's not rational . 
  i 'm not saying they ca n't do anything to better themselves at all !, 
  i feel like we 've crossed wires here . 
  i was talking about how people can develop eating disorders through little fault of their own . 
   situations in which taking full personal responsibility is not enough are so rare it 's statistically irrelevant . 
  do you tell people who have suffered mental illness this ? 
  jesus look i 'm not saying that . 
  people did n't realise that mass media or social media would lead to people developing disordered eating . 
  yes people need to take responsibility for preventing themselves developing mental illness - but that is only possible to a limited extent . 
  no , thinking one controls everything is a very american notion . 
  europeans generally understand there 's a range of factors . 
  such as tv exposure ( assuming you read the study ! ), 
  c'mon , you 're european , you realise people only have so much control over their lives . 
  read this : https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/12042229, 
  sure , there 's a bell curve . 
  extreme thinness kills people older than 28 too . 
  but like , do those bell curves peak near the same area ? 
  i think you 're missing the point though , it 's like comparing road fatalities to prostate cancer . 
  you have to die at some point , there 's a big difference between dying at 28 and 78 . 
  well you can , one provokes a disorder with very high mortality and one which is a major source of dalys . 
  indeed bn and bed , while obviously not as bad , tend to actually lead to obesity . 
  people die once they 're 70 + . 
  obesity might hasten that a few years , an takes lives when they 're in the prime of their life . 
  this is disingenuous . 
  being incredibly thin is far worse than obesity , especially with disordered eating . 
  tbh that looks ridiculous to me . 
  grid fins and suicide burn means you can recover the whole stage . 
  still , i guess you do n't need a fuel reserve with this . 
  yeah that 's what i 'm getting at really . 
  americans always say `` it 's just the rough areas '' ... as if europe does n't have rough areas too . 
  but i am not that worried about cycling or walking through french suburbs or berlin inner city areas - i take precautions , but worst case scenario i get mugged . 
  if someone tries to cart me off i 'll be able to scream or whatever , these places are n't actually hellholes . 
  in the us you get mugged and shot . 
  it 's a different dynamic for the same areas . 
  varoufakis has been reasonable as a commentator . 
  he was just a bad politician . 
  i appreciate his insights . 
  hardly the first person to fall in a fit of hubris , does n't make him stupid or a bad man . 
  delete this, 
  are n't most of the planets only 30-40 years old though ? 
  you can get 60 years out of these plants . 
  these people are very precious about competing for rapes . 
  i mean it 's sad as there 's a legitimate point regarding the rate at which non-europeans commit rape ... but these people just seem to be upset it 's not their pristine white selves doing the raping . 
   my guess is that they will expand their funding in ni . 
  right , but maybe by $ 50m . 
  we need $ 10bn a year to cover their deficit . 
   it is not in the interests of the eu to want fiscal union . 
  why not ? 
  would n't most countries benefit from it ? 
   a basic model was done for sinn fein by a german professor and he estimated a 35 billion windfall . 
  this study was pretty much bullshit and had no economic basis . 
  it assumed ireland and ni were very much economically separated , when there are actually hardly any barriers between the states . 
  it also assumed we could fire loads of civil servants with no unemployment issues . 
  i also think the eu will provide transfers in the billions to ni specifically . 
  i also think the us will provide long term economic assistance ( low interest loans ) to a united ireland . 
  why ? 
  for what ? 
  what will we sign up for ? 
  fiscal union ? 
  no , it 's based on the development of various regions . 
  ireland is just good at qualifying for funding by crossing our ts and dotting our is . 
  so what do you propose we give for the rest of europe to cover half of ni 's budget deficit for twenty five years ? 
  that 's $ 120bn . 
  we got that funding as we used to be poorer than average . 
  we 're now much richer than average . 
  we 're a net contributor . 
  with ni we 'd still be richer than average . 
  and what do you suggest we agree to in order to receive 5 % of the european budget ? 
  why would eurobonds and such cost that much ? 
  how much money did the rest of europe contribute to germany ? 
  bare in mind the ddr was far , far worse off than ni . 
  any fiscal union will mean the more productive countries underpin the struggling ones . 
  it does n't mean the richer countries wo n't gain a slight net benefit too - after all these countries will struggle less and stability will improve . 
  well we 'll keep our borders with our national and regional cultures - just not with barbed wire and uniformed inspectors . 
  i think this is unfair . 
  anyway it 's important to utilise spare capacity that allows for growth . 
  it 's not like your government is deficit spending when you have 4 % unemployment or something . 
  the most important thing is implementing structural reforms right now . 
  what does that have to do with you expecting free money ? 
  i assume we 'd agree to a fiscal union and raise our corporate tax rates in return ? 
  he was invited . 
  protectionism would mean the whirlpool factory going back home to the us anyway . 
  a lot of people from bih were sent back . 
  a lot of iraq and afghanistan are safe so far more of those are rejected . 
  shame they did n't buy that mistral , but this is good news . 
  i mean , the comey letter changed everything . 
  nate silver thinks it 's way too close to call , seems to be a lot of herding in the polling . 
  i know . 
  so the americas as well ? 
  why is he so against nafta then ? 
  why would n't white hispanics be counted as white ? 
  right but there is probably a need for a small hard to far right party . 
  i think the 5 % threshold might be a bit unfortunate in that regard , but i suppose it might encourage add to become less insane .
