   i 'm really appalled at the ease with which our leadership bends over for even the slightest of economical gains . 
  this is about keeping migrants out , not economic gains . 
  i love how they give out about the city hall closing their doors to them . 
  i mean no shit . 
  i 'm not too sure they even had permission to protest . 
  these people would be wearing maga hats in the us , no doubt . 
  idiots the lot , probably more tax evading and criminal history in that bunch than even in city hall itself . 
  i do n't know , that would n't make much sense as it would backfire so quickly . 
  france has been suspicious of whether this guy was actually a terrorist from the start , i 'd be interested to see where this case goes . 
  no , the french think he could just be an arms smuggler rather than a terrorist . 
  i mentioned this in the original thread , i guess the french do n't think the ukrainian security services have the facts 100 % locked down . 
  the flags burn themselves out incredibly quickly . 
  this happened in my city . 
  very embarrassing for all involved : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9e8y3m0ukss, 
  well yes , representative democracy . 
  the point of this referendum is that it is an exercise in direct democracy . 
  we have these adjectives for a reason . 
  he could just be an arms trafficker . 
  france are being cautious enough about this . 
  pretty much . 
  they spend quite a lot to protect their agriculture sector , cap subsidies are much more austere . 
  nope . 
  norway is part of most aspects of the single market . 
  the uk would still leave the eu . 
   the sbu said it had been watching the suspect since december last year and that he had picked up five kalashnikovs , two anti-tank grenade launchers , some 5,000 rounds of ammunition , 100 detonators , as well as a large quantity of explosives . 
  that 's a lot of death . 
  i was simply outlining the legality of it !, 
  they 'd have to set up tents on the runway in gib . 
  the idea would be somewhere outside eu jurisdiction . 
  greenland or libya would fit the bill legally , not gibraltar or some greek island . 
  i 'm in favour of obtaining some 20 + year leases on some vast tracts of land where one could provide camps that provide a half decent situation for refugees . 
  those are of course not cheap , but you 'd be employing refugees themselves and the likes of egyptians . 
   fp\u00d6 suggests the same approach months ago : boo !, 
  where was this said ? 
  this has been my position for over a year . 
  unfortunately look at how people have reacted to spending money helping turkey for example . 
  people want to have their cake and eat it too . 
  this is a huge issue i have with targeted immigration policies . 
  the poorest countries lose the best and brightest they spent so much resources educating . 
  still , i suppose remittances and such could make up for that . 
  but it does n't seem fair for us to benefit and not contribute something back to the countries of origin . 
  if americans are worried about being killed i assume they wo n't leave their suburbs , nevermind head to dangerous europe . 
  yup . 
  look at all the irish players born in britain . 
  always a valuable lesson , do n't be a massive cunt , that 's what i took away from what happened in libya . 
  `` widely disliked '' is backed up by polls . 
  you 're a random individual . 
   undemocratic , because the important decisions are made by the heads of government of a few eu countries . 
  the european parliament is a joke . 
  that is more the illusion of democratic participation by the voters , than any real democratic participation . 
  so essentially what you 're saying is that the european union is a confederation ? 
  it is not undemocratic in that context . 
  the issue is if you feel confederations are not very democratic . 
  that would mean a transition to a situation where parliament is supreme , with the council and council of ministers much more limited when it comes to ordinary legislative and governance matters . 
   and the beurocracy . 
  well it feels like the eu tries to justify itself by having a big waterhead of beaurocrats for 500 million people the european commission does not have many civil servants . 
  why is bureaucrat a pejorative anyway ? 
  how is the european government particularly `` rotten , bureaucratic , undemocratic '' in a way , say , the bavarian government is n't ? 
  europe may be more divided than it was in 2006 , but it 's far more united than it was in 1986 , and certainly more united than it was in 1946 . 
  context is everything . 
  it really annoys me to see european governments rolling out the red carpet for the man . 
  we 've known he 's a shitty person for years , and we go to all that effort for a few million euro ? 
  it 's not like he 's a petroprince . 
  eh , plenty of countries manage lower unemployment than france though . 
  it seems to me that there 's an underclass of less productive workers who would get a job in other countries , but not france . 
  sure , just as india can . 
  but you wo n't be part of the single market . 
  the single market is not an fta . 
  you may as well say that the british economy of the 50s was an anglo-scottish fta . 
  oh my god . 
  how can you just ignore everything and not see the difference between the single market and trade ? 
   well that 's the problem with the eu is n't it . 
  i do n't really see how . 
  look mate , if this is a problem , secede , but you wo n't be part of the single market so your economy will shrink , and you 're going to cause all sorts of problems for northern ireland which i care about far more than england . 
  but go for it , set back relations between our two states by decades out of some petty disquiet . 
  turkey is part of the customs union . 
  i never said anything about a trade agreement . 
  i talked about the single market . 
  if you know anyone who works in a medium sized enterprise you 'll understand the difference . 
  the single market is essentially a single economy . 
  norway is part of the single market , mexico with whom we have an fta is not . 
  if you want the single market , you 're getting free movement . 
  sorry lad , britain no longer rules the waves . 
  norway never left the eu and is in many respects a quasi vassal state . 
  as an irish person i would enjoy the irony of making laws for you brits and sending you immigrants without your say so , so fair enough . 
  but unless you 're a fisherman , the norway model makes secession pointless . 
  i would n't say so . 
  maybe if it said `` guess how many got a job ? '', 
   which is my point , and that 's something the neoliberals want to change . 
  if you are advocating austerity , and france has n't much of it , you want to see france fail . 
  else your entire economic ideology comes into question . 
  it goes beyond personal pride . 
  for some it can induce an intellectual crisis . 
  who are the neoliberals ? 
  the term has been rendered meaningless . 
  what france needs is long term structural reform - political effort should have been focused on raising pension ages , not cutting at the edges of budgets . 
  budget deficits today are much less important than what we have in 10 years time . 
  belgium realised this by the late 90s , and thus did n't end up in the greek situation as they planned ahead . 
   as for your point about employment law , sure , some changes have to be introduced , but that is an evolutionary change , it 's not a fundamental tear-down of the french model . 
  even if you look at the protests against the new employment law , some of the biggest unions are sitting it out .
