   most hold back just enough to look healthy what , so keep up a fa\u00e7ade ? 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  and yes i would n't be surprised if drug use was widespread , bar smoking ( as it 's rather difficult to smoke around most health centres ) . 
   i am naturally skeptical of doctors that are incapable of maintaining their own physical health . 
  is that entirely unfair ? 
  heh , if only you knew . 
  it 's not fair at all . 
  anyway , how do you even judge health ? 
  while aesthetic cues are important , they do n't show you lung scarring or metastasis . 
  i 'm pretty sure the vast majority of government money is spent of salaries and social payouts , but blame consultants and outside agencies instead of ridiculously low taxes and stupidly high spending during the boom if it suits you . 
  sure they can . 
  the us is certainly more right wing than ireland . 
  greece is probably more left wing than turkey . 
  and so on . 
  except for the fact we 're running a deficit so we are n't really paying for anything completely . 
  why do so many anti-water charge posters have the exact same talking points ? 
   this nonsense is why the economy is in the shambles it 's in . 
  i was under the impression that an narrow tax base and a property boom were , coupled with a massive global economic collapse . 
  we need to broaden the revenue base . 
  sadly as i said the government is trying to cut taxes for those who do n't need a tax cut . 
   if the quality of the water was actually decent , there 's the problem in many places of the water being undrinkable and sometimes unusable to even bathe in . 
  to be fair cork city has probably some of the best water in the world . 
  it 's lovely . 
  but yeah if we had shitty water i 'd be pretty miffed . 
  anyway , government really should n't introduce water taxes * and * cut the top rate of tax . 
  very bad form in my opinion , we 're already a low tax economy . 
  i do n't know . 
  it strikes me as a biotruth . 
  just because russians/turks/hungarians etc have central asian genetic and cultural influence does n't mean they are somehow naturally aggressive . 
  i think the soviet era may have a lot more to do with any such tendencies . 
   the natural russian aggression in check . 
  this sounds more than a little bit xenophobic ... 
  who would of course be ideologically opposed to is . 
  yeah , hard to believe people want to stoop to their level . 
  we do n't have the death penalty in europe for good reason . 
  the state - society - has to have the moral upper hand . 
  it makes sense to me , it was the county that was divvied up ( as such ) between the different london companies too . 
  i do n't get why we ca n't just call the city derry and the county londonderry . 
  it 's a fair compromise . 
  i know that . 
  my point is `` violent people = violent actions '' is a massive simplication . 
  it implies some countries have inherently more violent people . 
   violent people = violent actions that 's a very simple narrative not supported by facts . 
  are venezuelans and americans simply inherently more violent than the welsh ? 
  are finns simply more bloodthirsty than swedes ? 
  societal conditions breed violence . 
  anyway there 's a lot more to this than simply violent tendencies . 
  some brigades cooperated with nusra . 
  isis though ? 
  not really . 
  on that basis one could argue assad was allied with isis . 
  i never really bought into the ` video games make society violent ' narrative , but having seen some is propaganda , i ca n't help but feel they lure a lot of young men who grew up with such games . 
  of course as you said , such types are probably of little long term tactical use . 
  i feel sorry for them , but they also signed up to join a genocidal organisation . 
  i can empathise with say , serb forces during the yugoslav wars without condoning their horrible actions . 
  punishment has to occur . 
  in all fairness the shutdown was a cdu decision . 
  i just ca n't fathom how one can justify shutting down nuclear plants when coal is being burned and spewing out masses of toxins and co2 . 
   you wo n't find cleaner plants anywhere in the world ( there 's such a thing as filters ) . 
  does n't do much for all the co2 spewed out . 
  hard to believe nuclear plants are being closed before brown coal . 
   so you 're just going to tell these people that their language is n't important ? 
  well , it should n't be getting precedence over far more popular languages , especially when they may be one 's only language ( as is the case with russian , even if a lot of them are descended from soviet settlers ) . 
  linguistically , no . 
  both romance languages of course however , but one would n't say catalan is a dialect of french . 
   gaelic , you mean . 
  what are you , a yank ? 
   _   the native language of the irish is english and has been for almost 1000 years . 
  not really , in much of ireland irish predominated until the famine . 
  in the pale ( dublin-ish area ) english would have become ` native ' i suppose . 
  irish is still spoken . 
  i just find it ridiculous to give it eu official language status when far more widely spoken languages are ignored . 
  my point is that irish is hardly spoken by anyone as a first language , and even then fluency in english is universal . 
  if we can waste money on a few thousand irish speakers at a european level , why not millions of catalan , basque , or russian speakers ? 
  i picked two examples : catalan and russian . 
  i do n't have to extensively source non-official eu language statistics to make a point when two vague examples will suffice ... 
  just the usual serb nationalists and the usual generally intolerant crowd , be back later for gypsy bashing !, 
  because millions speak it as a first language , as opposed to tens of thousands for irish . 
  either way , both languages ' speakers speak fluent english/spanish as well . 
  way more people speak catalan in the eu . 
  that 's all well and good in say the netherlands , i imagine being gay in other european countries like serbia , turkey , greece or macedonia is n't as easy . 
  completely ridiculous that irish can have such a high status when catalan and russian ca n't . 
  thankfully . 
  we need to learn our lessons . 
  so we only care about genocide when it happens to us ? 
  this is the attitude that got thousands of bosniaks and tutsis butchered . 
  yeah , it 's almost like isis are committing genocide and acts of terror ... 
  surely it 's more ottoman , everyone 's favourite sick european !, 
  right , because no one else circumcises and ritually slaughters meat ? 
  no need to be so obsessed with the jews . 
  well , this is very much a national government issue . 
  european government should n't be legislating on things like this , even if it would agree with my position . 
  ah , turkey , poland , georgia ( sorta ) and italy have all ragequit at various points , at least ukraine has a good reason . 
  it 's crazy , they have a modern caf\u00e9 / restaurant 100m underground , yet you ascend via this tiny ramshackle mine elevator . 
  definitely worth a visit !, 
  ah yeah , the swiss had that crazy minaret referendum too , you do n't simply ban things like that in your federal constitution . 
  odd bunch . 
   hitlers deaths surely someone more moderate would come to power just like in the case with soviet union . 
  hitler always planned to exterminate most of the slavic population . 
  stalin 's deaths were due to gross error , and strategic elimination of certain social classes ( kulaks , and to an extent the holodomor ) .
