  i 'm really not passionate either way , i see no need for change from what countries already have by and large edit : i think belgium 's royal family is one of the few i know nothing of . 
  must n't cause much trouble anyway , 
  my comment referred to the fact that decisions are being made by people in national governments who appear to only have loyalty to their nation , but not to europe . 
  and they seem to be drawn from a small pool of countries . 
  i wish the leadership was coming from people who 's primary loyalty was to the people of europe , or at least had a strong sense of duty towards their fellow europeans . 
  as for the parliament , they are european citizens representatives . . but they do n't have near as much power it seems with regard to the issues of the day . 
  i wish it was possible for just a group of * europeans * to provide the leadership we need , not one or two countries . 
  obesity isnt the reason why american healthcare is so costly . 
  its more lack of a proper healthcare system like the ones we have in europe . 
  besides , people in europe smoke way more , and drink more than americans and are generally only marginally less obese . 
  but the main cause of obesity is indeed eating too much food , people generally still exercise as much as they did fifty years ago . 
  moreover i think a far bigger problem is not your weigh , but how much processed crap you consume . 
  irlandes is the spanish for ireland and the netherlands antilles was a constituent country that died a horrible death in 2010 of the kingdom of the netherlands . 
  i had a great grandfather in the royal irish fusiliers during wwi , his son , my grandfather was an engineer in the british merchant navy during wwii . 
  its a shame that they couldnt talk about it at all . 
  i mean , in wwi they were fighting for their country , in wwii they were fighting for freedom , for democracy !, 
  sad really . 
  also i 'm so sorry for creating a history discussion . 
  i really just wanted to add an irish context . 
  ah in all fairness the reaction to the famine was shockingly bad . 
  i can understand most of the things that were done by the english/british , they were commonplace of that time , but the whole famine was really despicable . 
  pitiful amounts were done by * our * government for us until it was far too late . 
  irish landlords were told to sort everything out , and charities had to step in to fill the gap . 
  obviously the uk government did some meaningful , useful stuff later but again , not before hundreds of thousands died . 
  britain invaded and pillaged my country , stripped its people of rights , forced us into a unitary state then told us to pay for famine relief entirely ourselves . 
  what do i think of them ? 
  well living in ireland , i very much live in the greater british cultural sphere . 
  it was easy for me to understand the opening ceremony of the olympics , and i enjoyed it . 
  i love british popular culture . 
  their tv is brilliant and they certainly need to produce more films , because when they do , they blow most us ones out of the water . 
  the people are mostly fine ... there is a sense that they still have yet to realise the empire is over and that they need europe . 
  its a bit hysterical at times , but every nation has its faults , or issues . 
  their animosity towards europe certainly does have some grounding , but their refusal to accept the reality of the necessity of union does not . 
  british tourists can be a bit annoying too , but the irish can be near as bad , but we just get away with it as we 're irish . 
  i dont think that police state thing is fair . 
  i trust the uk government , i 'm not getting overly upset about the amount of cameras about . 
  tl ; dr , british people are as cool as most europeans , but have issues like the rest of us . 
  hopefully europe 's last dictatorship will be thrown out by its people . 
  go sweden for standing up to that shit who runs the place . 
  oh , mercator was for navigational reasons , its the use of that style of map in * other contexts * . 
  before the days of satellite imagery there was actually a reduction in the size of africa by cartographers for geo-political reasons . 
  often it would only be maybe twice the size of what is now the eu , which is obviously madness . 
  influential people didnt want the true scale of africa to be shown as it diminished the western world 's importance . 
  it started with the [ mercator ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mercator_projection ) projection . 
  interesting stuff . 
  what a crock of shit . 
  to quote the article directly :  hurr durr obama will make murica like yoorupe with its evil rights that i just made up, 
  if we are going to be serious here its probably because there was never an `` unfinished job '' by a presidents father in equatorial guinea . 
  russia is less european than turkey imo . 
  i dont really think of it when people say `` europe '' unless its obvious ( ish ) that the context is related to the continent . 
  its an authoritarian and backwards country with no desire to `` be european '' . . its really a sad , sad case . 
  of course things can change massively in a few decades , but will russia be in the eu by 2040-50 ? 
  not a chance . 
  [ fota wildlife park in cork , ireland ] ( http://www.fotawildlife.ie/ ) its not particularly big but the animals all have a decent amount of space and they roam fairly freely . 
  one with a lot more stuff was one i went to in holland ( somewhere near amsterdam i would think , but far from the city center ; it had a train overpass over it if anyone can help !, 
  ) , i really enjoyed that i must say . 
  yes we do !, 
  whats made harder is the fact that irish is not a germanic language , so it has little in common with english bar a lot of borrowed words . 
  its not like speaking a romance language and learning another . 
  the teaching doesnt help either . 
  it always impresses me though that in catalonia a lot of people do * genuinely * speak catalan ... that doesnt happen in ireland . 
  holy fuck that 's awesome . 
  very good !, 
  i guess ultimately he way to do it would be eu , cis , other europe , north america ( maybe central and caribbean seperate ? 
  ) , south america , sub-saharan africa , middle east and maghreb , indian subcontinent , australasia , asean , east asia . . and so on . 
  although i actually got tired listing all that ... 
  i know lots of people will disagree , but i like monti . 
  he inspires hope . 
  he is not a man of rhetoric , but knows his stuff . 
  he seems selflessly dedicated to improving the position of italy , and europe . 
  he stands up to merkel and other eu leaders , but does so reasonably . 
  the fact that he doesnt need to worry about re-election has enabled him to take tough decisions - but he is still democratically bound by parliament . 
  now , his `` educating parliaments '' comment - aside from the headlines , is this not important ? 
  the government has to tell the parliament whats happening , and what is needed . 
  public representatives are only human after all . 
  edit :  but he is still democratically bound by parliament . 
  read what i said ... last thing i want is authoritarianism in the eu . 
  i 've always felt sorry for them ... but a lot more now . 
  after they got their debt restructuring , and still seemed to be making zero progress , i was angry with them . 
  as a portuguese citizen you probably understand , portugal and ireland have made adjustments and tried our best - yet corruption and bloated government continued unabated in greece . 
  from ireland 's perspective too some of the debt wasnt rightfully ours - the banking debt was forced upon us ( of course it largely our fault for leaving the banks run amok in the first place ) . 
  but now . . every day the greeks suffer . 
  massive wage cuts , spiraling unemployment . 
  more slash and burn cuts can surely not be the answer . 
  yet the problem is that europe simply does not know what to do . 
  if we give greece more money - they wont pay it back ( so it seems ) . 
  if we dont , their economy collapses and they go hungry , while the rest of europe takes a hit too . 
  i 'm really glad i 'm not greek right now . 
  i feel sorry for the greeks , hopefully things will start improving , but i 'm not so hopeful . 
  also ... 
  i think we have some responsibilities to the greeks as fellow europeans . 
  we must keep an eye on everyone in the future to present these things ever occurring again . 
  we can not simply force everyone out . . no way . 
  if we remain as sovereign nations in a loose confederation , it is only a matter of time before the us and china over take us economically . 
  the influence of one nation will become peanuts , and our union will be too weak to have enough influence either . 
  as the us fails to lead the world correctly , the world will be left without a strong liberal power . 
  we will not be poorer . 
  but we will not land a man on mars , nor enforce changes regarding global warming or human rights . 
  as the world changes , we will become meaningless . 
  individual states will merely be pawns for the major powers .
