  god , i do n't know . 
  i mean ... it 's kind of part of the reason we seceded in the first place . 
  i think we could teach both irish and another language if we really tried . 
  if they fulfil the conditions , why not ? 
  i also support letting the former yugoslavic states in . 
  one could hardly justify admitting serbia then say turkey is too dodgy . 
   lac : albanian and kosovar media and npr are reporting that there has already been one election related killing . 
  this morning in the town of la\u00e7 , one was killed and 1 was wounded in an argument that , according to albanian tv news , started some days ago over the hanging of political posters . 
  it was a gun battle and the person who did the killing was the vice mayor ( with democratic party ) of la\u00e7 . 
  the person killed was a member of lsi , part of the socialist opposition coaliton . 
  that 's a bit unsafe . 
   however you should know that the city of la\u00e7 is not at all representative of the rest of the country . 
  in fact , la\u00e7 is known for gun violence and violence in general . 
  this reputation goes back even to the `` time of hoxha '' or when the stalinist government was running albania . 
   la\u00e7 is also known for being fiercely catholic , defending their church during communism from the most atheist government the world has ever known . 
  interesting . 
  my knowledge of albania is threadbare at best . 
  hope the elections pass off peacefully otherwise . 
  sadly the image quality is rather low , and is low throughout the report . 
  we have a big problem in ireland in that kids are only taught irish at a young age , and not another major european language . 
  thanks for the correction . 
  you can add a few more ` very 's there sadly . 
  catholicism still has a strong grip on mindsets , even in parliament . 
  russia has unfortunately made it it 's business to interfere in lithuania on the pretext of the russian minority there . 
  the russian minority were settled illegal during the soviet occupation . 
  it 's a bone of contention . 
  for anyone confused about the crest - the tie is a croat invention . 
  ireland 's is 23 % . 
  hungary and sweden have rates around 27/28 % if i 'm not mistaken . 
  why not a clone army ? 
  from a few minutes ago :  ( i do not consider the edl a racist organisation for the record ) . 
  if you think that the edl is normal you definitely have fascist tendencies . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/1g7004/fox_news_host_brian_kilmeade_tells_english/cahhiiv  what 's wrong with supporting the edl ? 
  they 're against islamic extremism . 
  perfectly legitimate point of view . 
  it 's the uaf you should be worried about ... they marched alongside the woolwich killer . 
  no criticism of them at all . 
  pathetic . 
  here 's a lovely example . 
  and i 'm communist now ? 
  i usually am accused of being too far from the left . 
   waaaaaaaa the big scary man does n't like islam , that makes him a fascist . 
  nah , your post history does : http://www.reddit.com/user/cainefaraday, 
  and then when the majority revolt they are painted as sectarian . 
  ironic is n't it ? 
  i do n't believe that . 
  but i certainly am not going to lay into clinton for dropping bombs on serbia . 
  it was deemed necessary , and in hindsight i think that we can say it was . 
  haha dear god , thank fuck some mujaheddins came to actually start fighting , as the bosniaks were not prepared at all and were subjected to systemic ethnic cleansing . 
   one word , `` islam '' . 
  ah , i thought so . 
  always the way is n't it . 
  do n't get why fascists have latched onto it . 
  i guess hating jews became unpopular what with the whole murdering 6 million of them . 
  let 's move on to a new group we can paint as a monolithic ` other ' , eh ? 
  so what about albania , bosnia , tatarstan ? 
  what about bloody paris or brussels or other parts of europe with large muslim populations ? 
  do we build a wall around them ? 
   they have a bloody islamist government !, 
  the akp is a bit shitty on the social side , just like the catholic governing csu in bavaria . 
  furthermore , i agree with letting poland and malta into the eu , despite their bigoted catholic beliefs . 
  indeed in those countries , and mine , one can not even get an abortion , while a woman can easily in turkey like most decent european countries . 
  this is a bit late but in case you feel bad - shergar is a massive ra-head ( as we call them , relates to the ira ) , hates the brits and such . 
  british isles is n't the best term but it 's simple , short , and used in common parlance . 
  it 's what most people i know use , and there is nothing wrong with you saying it !, 
  as someone who has dealt with both turks and israelis i really wonder how one could say israelis are more european !, 
  i have israeli cousins , and while they are lovely ... 
  i feel we are quite a bit further from them . 
  of course , if things change , i would be happy for them to join the eu . 
  as for russia and belarus being culturally european , one must wonder what makes them more european than turkey . 
  both are certainly perceived as much ` scarier ' countries , and russia in particular is quite dangerous and regressive . 
  furthermore , while turkey has been connected to the rest of europe , russia and belarus have sadly maintained their isolation that began in the 20s , unlike some other post-soviet states . 
  and perhaps if you thought about things more you would n't be so mean !, 
  i have no intention of treating this place like a cesspool , even if it is becoming one . 
   turkey is not a part of europe . 
  then why is cyprus on the map ? 
  or why is russia or belarus , two countries which have shown zero interest in joining the eu ? 
  also , thanks for calling me a pussy . 
  just shows lack of courtesy and bigotry go hand in hand . 
  no , unlike recessions which were more localised and less severe . 
  why does turkey have no internet users ? 
  i 'm a bit lost as to why / r/ni ** ers users are so obsessed with removing turkey from maps of europe . 
  i mean it has one of the lowest rates of black immigration in europe as it has traditionally been a producer of emigrants . 
  alas , i am not a qualified psychologist . 
  i do n't think you quite grasp the nature of this recession then . 
  this is rather awful . 
  it is certainly better than nothing , however . 
  well , we have the same issue in europe . 
  matters less i suppose , the european government is very weak . 
  well , the fact is that the iraqi government was killing it 's own people , it was free to alter its position . 
  as for yugoslavia , what is the alternate position ? 
  that serbia was n't trying to ethnically cleanse a ` greater serbia ' ? 
  srebenica among other things disagree with you . 
  the best thing the us could do is reform federal politics along the lines of the french system . 
  a prime minister , a governing coalition , an actual parliament , proportional representation - while keeping the executive president . 
  personally i prefer the westminster style with a non-executive head of state but that ai n't happening i guess . 
  in all fairness , by that definition hungary is n't european ( right-wing authoritarian government ) . 
  no one even seems to protest in hungary , despite their government not bringing growth or prosperity . 
  well , the thing is we should intervene in this market . 
  pricing in environmental damage is very important in my opinion .
