  ah sure look , you have a french username , i 'm sure you meant well . 
  wow , that 's pretty mental . 
  i 'm with meteor ( ireland ) , and they have gotten rid of voice and text roaming in the eu . 
  eu data roaming is 99c for 10mb which is rather shit , mind you . 
  i would n't mind israel joining in the future , once they fix the whole oppression thing , but jesus i mean if people think turkey ca n't join ... 
  well let 's kick out cyprus then . 
  and iceland , that 's partially in another continent too !, 
  and look at the british isles . 
  are we really european ? 
  look at ireland and poland , no abortion . 
  malta , barely has divorce . 
  hopefully we 'll see this anti-government sentiment push the opposition into becoming more dynamic . 
  not massively , we 're not japan or russia . 
  but we 're much farther from london than i 'd like . 
  eh , well , one 's a brutal dictatorship , one 's a flawed democracy with a shitty pm . 
  i hate to admit it but i ca n't get enough of that gif . 
  ah well , it was a good photoshop job nonetheless . 
  ah well people want politicians who stand their ground , who have firm ideals , and get the job done . 
  i 'd rather a nice , spineless , liar really . 
  erdogan 's not a man i 'd like to go for a few drinks with . 
  i 'd like to think he would n't get elected in my country . 
  cork too !, 
  i even know a few who go to mass every sunday . 
  that said the most religious people i know all came from outside europe . 
  a lot of my peer groups are still catholics . 
  i even have friends who go to mass and such , and they would generally be of above average intelligence . 
   that was partly due to a national fetishisation of property ownership owing to our history as a nation serfs and tenant farmers up until the early 20th century . 
  i 've heard this theory before , however the situation is very similar in britain . 
  strange either way . 
   that 's open to debate . 
  we try to deny it but nah , we are as a country . 
  ah not really , we do n't want one with any power , just blurs boundaries and causes problems . 
  judging by ireland , it 's the blacks who get it worst , so not really i 'm afraid . 
  at least those alike the norm can blend in . 
  ah , a friend of mine is big into the road bowling . 
  he usually plays with travellers and oft recounts some interesting stories , 
  ah there you go , that 'll do . 
  there used to be an ni flair , dunno where it went . 
  well , that should probably be focused on more in cspe . 
  what 's kind of sad is that i doubt anyone could name one of our pms from 1800-1922 bar lloyd george , or tell you about the boer war . 
  ah yes , peg sayers . 
  and basically , prose and poetry , so pretty similar i 'm afraid . 
  well , this is a general issue with the points system . 
  personally i feel that it 's more unfair that people can pick ` easy points ' subjects like geography and get more points . 
  and lets face it , while maths develops logic skills , geography has little benefit for most courses . 
  well , i 'd rather they tried instead of taking the easy route . 
  we need more strivers and triers . 
  and there we go again - i did n't even know there was an irish subjunctive , while with french i have a grasp of * le subjonctif * . 
  well , perhaps the bigots should have us kicked out of the eu then , what with our ` cultural enrichment ' and lack of respect for women . 
  yup , i agree . 
  i was left completely bored with primary maths , figuring out multiplication , division etc takes a few hours for many , not a school year . 
  lol, 
  that 's a bit shit really . 
  i would have thought that there would be more impetus on learning it given the situation frisian is in . 
  said mps are n't even pro-choice though . 
  they just basically want to put the life of the mother a few inches before the life of the foetus . 
  the only pro-choicers are really in the labour party , and most of them are keeping very quiet . 
  i do n't know , i thought jc history was rather good . 
  i 'd rather we learned some more about the 1800s , the dash for africa and such , mind . 
  hmm , well the thing is , many do n't find ordinary level that easy !, 
  perhaps there are grounds for making a ` medium level ' maths course . 
  probably when catholics realise that . 
  ah sure look , if it gets ye some money up north then keep at it . 
  i agree , although i do n't think irish should be compulsory for the leaving certificate . 
  i 'd imagine it 's more likely taught as a foreign language up in the north . 
  some of the most enthusiastic irish speakers i have come across have been northern irish , one time i ended up berating some poor girl for dropping french to keep up irish . 
  the best irish speakers i know have all went to the gaeltacht a couple of times , for three or so weeks . 
  but that entails a large sum of money that can be hard to justify . 
  just for the record i 've learned more irish grammar structure from you than i would 've in a few terms of school . 
  the bonus points system for maths has been criticised , but the workload is massive , and more people need to do higher level maths so i support it . 
  actually , the problem with irish is that we are n't really thought those verbs !, 
  on the other hand , with french , i sunk in 20ish hours learning how to conjugate verbs and such and then perfected that by use . 
  my understanding of french grammar is so many leagues ahead of my understanding of irish grammar . 
  thus i actually can quickly create french sentences based on what i know , and such , while with irish everything is based on gut-instinct . 
  i 'm not particularly praising the french course , but if irish was taught like it , it 'd be a lot better . 
  in all fairness the northern ireland situation is a lot simpler than israel/palestine . 
  the comparisons are a bit silly really . 
  because it 's taught as if one is a native in it . 
  one is made study prose and poetry but never given the proper foundations or useful stuff . 
  indeed , my level of french is better than my level of irish , despite an extra 6/7 years of learning irish . 
  not at all . 
  just for diversity . 
  personally i like to know what state/region someone lives in such diverse countries . 
  that 's not the problem . 
  this is :  microsoft 's new xbox one will ship with region-locks that divide the world ; yours will only work if it connects to the drm server from one of 21 selected countries . 
  the countries include some , but not all , eu nations , which is almost certainly illegal under the eu 's strict common market rules . 
  the problem is they are region locked , not that one can only buy them in certain areas . 
  to be honest , all i see is this creating an insular europe as bad - if not worse than the us . 
  i want an open europe , with plenty of friends and much external involvement . 
  personally , i 'd rather see more intervention with each other . 
  look at hungary , in the eu , or say , turkey or serbia outside the eu , or even ukraine . 
  ah well sure the zambians are a great bunch of lads . 
  greece is n't bloody zambia , it 's another european state . 
  if one goes to any of the far-right subreddits one will see calls for the unwanted to be murdered . 
  as far as i know spain 's high speed network is on standard gauge mind . 
  well , i am of the opinion that there are serious issues with roma/gypsie culture . 
  but that does n't mean i want to send them to concentration camps . 
  there are people calling for the singling out of entire communities . 
  you know , most crimes in ireland like the rest of europe are committed by the bottom 10-15 % of society but i 'm not calling for their deportation or mass execution . 
  indeed .
