  france has real structural problems - however it has a high gdp per capita ( even if that is barely increasing ) , a diverse economy , a reasonable deficit , low inflation , strong property rights and so on . 
  it might be in an economic quagmire , but emergency ? 
  ugh , this is exactly the problem - there 's no chance that 's a genuine marriage based on love . 
  of course arranged marriages can and do work , but it 's much easier to justify deporting such a person when they did n't actually have any real connection . 
  the laws are on the books so they should be enforced - and it 's much easier to do this * before * entry . 
  i can only imagine pakistani visa requirements were pretty much the tightest out there beforehand in the first place , so i would wonder . 
  it 's unfortunate that they 're needed and screws over a lot of people , when this is really to do with two or three countries . 
  the other 170 odd non eu countries are penalised too . 
  marrying people from the `` homeland '' basically . 
  big reason in why there 's such a high income threshold now , to stop that happening . 
  a lot of these people are from one area of pakistan . 
  no education in the uk , no workforce participation - thus little need to become fluent . 
  the uk has an opt out from a lot of the border/refugee related stuff , that 's what i mean . 
  people have these ideas of certain countries . 
  these are what , 3k people ? 
  of course they should be applying for asylum in france , but why would the french force them to i suppose when the uk is n't helping much ? 
  exactly , there 's a huge difference . 
   `` constantinople '' is the term we like to `` constantinople '' is the term * we * like to use around here by the way . 
  who calls istanbul constantinople on / r/europe ? 
   `` constantinople '' is the term we like to use around here by the way . 
  is this a joke ? 
  well yeah , that 'd be the ideal solution , extra-territorial processing facilities . 
  but using turkey could be a solution along those lines if they stop smugglers due to us paying them . 
  indeed , pc gone mad . 
  what next , not being allowed through bananas at black football players ? 
  i ask , who is really the intolerant ? 
  the person who tries to feed a monkey , or the pc mind control police ? 
  next they 'll be trying to give women the vote . 
  what then ? 
  dogs in parliament ? 
  the point is that there 's no holding area we can tow them to - they 're either in eu waters or turkish waters , and the turkish navy wo n't want to allow them back into theirs . 
  when russia invaded ukraine it was the us who helped reassure our eastern states . 
  let 's not forget which one of the two is our friend - it 's certainly not russia . 
  the point is that turkey has a much stronger navy than indonesia , they 'll simply stop the boats coming back into turkish waters if we send them back . 
  there are n't any international waters in the area . 
  on the other hand , the australian government does pay other countries to host refugees , which is why i 've supported europe paying generous amounts to turkey ( and also lebanon and jordan ) , to keep refugees there . 
  i 'm sure you 'll agree with me on that . 
  what ? 
  turkey has much more of a colonial past in the area than the uk/france . 
  the point is that turkey is hosting 3m refugees . 
  they have no incentive to keep them within their borders . 
  why would the turkish government , with an economy the size of nl 's , bother to stop migrants moving on to the eu ? 
  there 's no incentive for them . 
  i would n't mind , but if each refugee costs us $ 10,000 a year , paying turkey any amount less than that is a saving . 
  we negotiated $ 1,000 !, 
  if we fail to pay even that , then you really have to wonder . 
  a map will show you the issue though - there 's no real international waters between greece and turkey . 
  add to that that australia can offer them asylum in other countries ( that are n't australia ) , whereas we have no such mechanism . 
  yeah , and we 'll have no one to blame but ourselves . 
  in all fairness to schauble , his suggestion of a european fuel tax made a lot of sense for funding such border security measures . 
  gives a degree of independence from states . 
  right now turkey does n't trust us as all it takes is one state to pull out for the whole thing to unravel . 
  ah yeah , that 's what i was hinting at . 
  i think most europeans agree with this deal so its hardly the most nefarious bribe ( given that the main alternative would 've been boeing and the situation with american opinion ) . 
  in all fairness iran has a bad air safety record for a reason . 
  they do desperately need new planes . 
  it 's an islamic theocracy so there 's little scope for that in all fairness . 
  but once the boats leave turkish waters we 're kind of screwed . 
  turkey is n't an eu country , it 's a sovereign state . 
  we 'd have to bring the boats back to their shores ... do you think they 'd put up with that ? 
  they have some 3 million refugees worth of leverage . 
  let 's put ourselves in their shoes . 
  relative to us they 're poorer , much smaller , yet are dealing with far more refugees despite not being an arab country . 
  as much as i do n't like the government it 's hard to not see the fm `` s point . 
  i mean we 're only giving them $ 3bn as is . 
  now we can see why we were all eager to lift the sanctions . 
  mind you , while i expected favourable deals , i did not expect the transport minister to say iran would be ordering over a hundred of our planes the day the sanctions lifted . 
  well if they comply with what we asked fair enough , there 's mutual benefit , good luck to them i suppose . 
  and they rank 2nd in population . 
  so 7th in consumption is pretty low , when you consider that nigeria , the 7th most populous country has a population of less than 190m . 
   yes there are russian volunteers there i too , vacation with sams and mbts . 
  whereas in russia you annex territories you do n't need ? 
  i know which i prefer , it 's the one that did n't stop being acceptable in the 19th century . 
  a pro-russian who thinks the west has higher rates of uncontrolled depression and inequality than russia ? 
  holy cognitive dissonance batman . 
  yeah the logic of this makes no sense in that regard . 
  i get the policy , especially when it applies to citizens ( who should be getting better treatment , right ? 
  ) , however this will not deter so called welfare seekers . 
  why ? 
  if you have no assets you lose nothing . 
  if you do , you 'll instead claim asylum in austria , france , etc , where you can keep your assets . 
  and those with assets will likely be the most economically productive and least problematic . 
  canada has a loan system - something like that would make more sense , where refugees would be required to pay take on a loan for some of the care they have gotten . 
  now , how likely that would be to be repaid is another thing , but it would not be fairer . 
  as for simple illegal immigrants with no asylum claim ( eg the maghrebis implicated in the k\u00f6ln incident ) , they 're going to be poor anyway - likely the dregs of society if they 're from morocco . 
  what assets will they have ? 
  and they wo n't even get state support for long . 
  well , clearly you 're not homosexual , female , an ethnic minority etc. 
  yeah , loyalist communities still have huge issues with all sorts of bigotry . 
  i laughed when i saw polish flags being bonfired with the usual irish tricolour , but it seems to be symptomatic of problems with that section of ni society . 
  one incident could lead them to attacking anyone who looks like what they hate , no matter who they are . 
  i think it says a lot about your thinking if , as a polish nationalist , you hate the reu more than russia ... 
  except i seem to remember turkey agreeing to the annan plan in 2004 . 
  poor , poor comparison . 
  that 's very true . 
  hungary for example has managed to reject even syrians . 
  there needs to be a single system so legitimate people do n't get fucked over , and europeans do n't get screwed over by career criminals getting into europe and disappearing off radar . 
  it is hardly a repressive one . 
  like jordan there 's a parliament and such . 
  syria , ba'athist iraq , north korea , eritrea , nazi germany , stalinist ussr were/are whole other levels .
