   libtards, 
  why ? 
  the eu is a confederation , member states make most of the big governing decisions . 
  thus such groups are necessary . 
  that 's the way european democracy is currently structured . 
  haha , perhaps with the heat death of the universe . 
  had to happen at some point . 
  this has to be pushed through at some point . 
  it 's not like they 'd secede either . 
  big eurosceptic party does n't mean most people would contemplate secession . 
  if some members have to secede that 's fair enough anyway . 
  they 've the option . 
  yeah i remember 2012-13 and the discussion then . 
  she should have done what was right even if she lost state governments . 
  the mainstream parties of government would have taken over , not communists or something . 
  le pen still wo n't win the second round . 
  this has to be done at some point , better sooner than in two decades time . 
  i agree . 
  however her political rhetoric at home has only hardened opposition to transfers . 
  she should do the responsible thing - look at how in sweden politicians are pushing public opinion to be pro-nato . 
  merkel has followed instead of leading , unfortunately . 
   you mean like libya ? 
  if syria was like libya is today it would be a miracle . 
  the intervention removed a dictator who had much less support than assad could muster . 
   they fled the war . 
  well yeah . 
  the regime has been deliberately targeting hospitals and other civilian targets . 
  it 's a campaign of terror , not collateral damage . 
  indeed . 
  this is the problem . 
  merkel as the lesser of the largest country has the most responsibility . 
  the eastern states would benefit from fiscal transfers . 
  and it 'll remain high if we do n't have some long term stabilisation via transfers . 
  germany is not going to secede . 
  it 's for the greater good , the only risk is the cdu will lose support and she 'll be toppled . 
  self interest . 
  there is a necessity for fiscal transfers and merkel knows it , so she is being timid . 
  well what i 'm proposing is permissible constitutionally as you say . 
  but yes , the timid nature of the likes of merkel means nothing is likely to happen regarding increased transfers . 
  this is why renzi 's migration compact is so important . 
  we 'll also have to learn the lessons from failing to quell the conflict in syria , which was exacerbated by pandering to russia . 
  i would imagine that a unanimous decision to implement some sort of centralised european taxation ( perhaps on carbon as schauble wisely proposed ) for a 5-7 year basis that could be used to increase structural funding and such could get around this . 
  this would also compensate the likes of estonia if greece gets more interest rate cuts and maturity extensions which do not contravene the law apparently . 
  burkinis , not burkas . 
  burkas are banned . 
  it 's in our self interest to ensure stability in our neighbourhood . 
  we also have a responsibility to enforce international law and to protect people where we can . 
  with syria we generally went `` too difficult , not worth it '' , which is fair enough . 
  but it means we have to deal with the aftermath if we were n't willing to make the regime to compromise by force . 
  most refugees have fled the regime . 
  well that 's a question of whether a ) refugee/idp numbers decrease due to international action , and b ) whether refugees/idps are properly provided for close to home . 
  right now neither is the case . 
  perhaps europe , particularly germany , should get tougher on russia , and we should fund refugee/idp provision better . 
  i think canadians should be a lot more concerned about all the radicalised american nationalists across the border than clinton . 
  exactly . 
  renzi just needs to get enough of the council behind him . 
  do you think ? 
  there seems to be surprising acceptance of severe gender dysphoria in much of the world , more than what you see for women who enjoy themselves with a few different lads . 
  i think it 's nice to show , but i would n't ever want a single european team . 
  it 's fine for things like the ryder cup . 
   rampant gang crime is not different than urban terrorism . 
  yes , tell that to some people at a concert . 
  yeah , if only we had prevented those presbyterians moving to northern ireland , we would never have had a terrorist problem . 
   and even though turkey is not part of europe you brits should be good mates with them so . 
  if you read the article , it 's not about regime change at all - just someone who can function properly taking charge , from the same political alignment . 
  you 're getting downvoted but with the way the feud is you are n't wrong . 
  as / u/kuchikopi _ said , it 's turning into a slow motion massacre , and people with no connection are getting killed . 
  sure my post was pretty vague i suppose !, 
   triggered eh ? 
  and these people said they were born in romania . 
  bear in mind all these people would be  20 . 
  i know a few people who were adopted and they 're pretty obviously ethnically roma . 
  when did that become the case ? 
  for some . 
  millions of french of muslim origin seem to be cultural or liberal muslims . 
  well my point is that the quicker we take action , the less we will have to restrict things . 
  any action is worthwhile , who does the defeatist attitude help ? 
  indeed . 
  blame your parents i suppose !, 
  it was ? 
  perhaps if people had started fighting climate change two decades earlier we could be a lot more lax . 
  well he does n't seem to have been sane so i would n't read to much into his ideological leanings ( as opposed to plenty of sane terrorists ) . 
  i saw this very much as an american style school shooting . 
  i just found you trying to make this an me thing really annoying . 
  just trying to see how deep your ethnonationalism goes . 
  oh right , i was confused by your syntax . 
  what did me culture have to do with the munich attack ? 
  i 'm asking if when you met these people , you 'd think they were german or foreign ? 
  10 murders . 
  what did me culture have to do with the munich attack ? 
  i 'm well aware of this . 
  thanks for not answering my question . 
  were they germans ? 
  what about german jews ? 
  10 murders . 
  what does radical islam have to do with the munich shooting ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nsu_murders there 's a huge problem with islamic extremism which seems to have more to do with radical islam than localised me issues ( look at all the extremist converts ) . 
  you really are n't explaining this well . 
  you 're american right ? 
  who are you voting for ?
