  prions actually . 
  the problem was cattle being fed well , other cattle , rather than grass . 
  not feeding cattle grass is excelled at by the us . 
  what the hell , there are european states worse than the us ? 
  this is something that needs to be incredibly tightly regulated . 
  i suppose that can of course entail the problem of `` anchor babies '' as it were . 
  either way , the kids are the real victims i guess . 
  http://www.dw.com/en/survey-leaves-no-doubt-syrians-are-fleeing-assad/a-18775789  `` around 70 percent of respondents say they have fled because of bashar al-assad 's regime , '' perabo said . 
  he found the responses astounding , especially because the prevailing image in germany is that is is responsible for the mass exodus from syria . 
  `` the battle against is terrorism will not solve the problem , '' the survey found . 
  perhaps more importantly :  about half of the respondents saw no way back , not as long as assad or is is ruling . 
  this has been well known for years . 
  well , most refugees flee assad . 
  so a peaceful solution is needed asap to stop the fleeing ... russia 's intervention makes that more distant , by providing assad with much more firepower and by muddying the waters . 
  i always felt like their compensation for being the poorest state was the best parliament building . 
  polls have shown most want a fair settlement with israel , compensation for land lost etc. . . the plo has done all your wanted for two decades , and look how they 've been rewarded ? 
  haha , this lad is completely unhinged . 
  the nabka had a pernicious effect on two neighbouring countries as you say , jordan and lebanon ( the civil war in the latter and black september in the former being the dramatic end result ) alright . 
  the legal definition really , which is that terrorism is committed by a terrorist organisation , rather than simple random terror attacks . 
  anyway , i have little time for the regressive left myself ( feel free to look at my posting history ) , but this is a piss poor example of it . 
  the fact that / r/europe choses to be blindly anti-palestinian because most of them are muslim rather than engaging in a level of discussion is sad to see . 
  using a dictionary definition is the regressive left now ? 
  what on earth is going on in / r/europe today ? 
  characterising palestinian terror as simply muslim terror is a bit erroneous though . 
  it 's nationalist sentiment more than anything , even if the main actors are no longer the socialist plo . 
  there 's basically no path for resistance for these people . 
  everyone has screwed them over , especially gulf arabs . 
  it 's really awful , and israel unfortunately chose this path ( i say this with relatives there ) . 
  one can only hope they 'll choose the path of giving palestinians back their dignity . 
  g2 , employs about 200 people iirc . 
  oh well , that 's different . 
  it 'd make sense if 30 % did n't know the latin alphabet . 
  i 'm sure the literacy figures are higher than that ... but this is n't 1880 , literacy is an incredibly low bar . 
  yeah , it seems like most are aware of this . 
  hard to see a net economic gain in the short to medium term . 
  but refugees are n't granted protection for the benefit of the state offering protection . 
  converts seem to be disproportionately involved in extremism . 
  would n't be crazy for a 17 year old to become a fanatic . 
  where 's the huge apology though ? 
  unfortunately , like carbon emissions , these problems do not stay where they 're emitted - thanks to the nature of bacteria . 
  on that note , it 's crucial that people * complete * their antibiotic course . 
  take none of them , or the whole course - the middle ground of `` i feel better now '' is what breeds resistance . 
  anyway , feeding livestock antibiotics is the real problem right now . 
  maybe because you are using an irish flair and have no clue about ireland ? 
  only 20 % ? 
  i was expecting a much higher fall . 
  what they did was n't just lie to the government for profit , it was also inherently environmentally destructive ( it was n't just a case of diesel pollution , but co2 too ) . 
  what they 've done has very much soured my opinion of them , and they have n't even made some broad gestures like paying for a few million trees to be planted or funding for public health research . 
  certainly an example of somewhere that will produce environmental refugees , as are some pacific islands . 
   somalia is a terrible example of environmental migrants , people starve in somalia because the country has been in civil war for decades , not because the climate is changing . 
  the reason people starved was definitely political - the international community gave up after 1993 , and militia groups ruined the distribution of food aid . 
  however the actual food shortage was due to production issues . 
  anyway , i did n't mention it as an example of environmental migration , but simply people fleeing famine . 
   uk and ireland , ... heh . 
  +6 in september , -3 in november after the attacks . 
  what does this really mean ? 
  will the israeli ambassador to the eu be recalled ? 
  the survey showed the majority are in favour of taking in refugees ... 
  i 'm not too sure what you mean . 
  neither the european nor french government want general migrants , why would they ? 
  unemployment is at 10 % as is . 
   people that do n't like their local weather ? 
  ah , a very european perspective  they would be people fleeing environmental change , for example natural famines and such . 
  if we do n't act with regards to climate change it 's a problem that is only going to get a lot bigger . 
  this is why we provide emergency food aid and such . 
  if people are left starve they 'll flee . 
  good example would be somalia . 
  i certainly agree . 
  yeah , i do n't see how this undermines the refugee issue ... totalitarian dictatorship in midst of brutal multifaceted civil war still has rich people who profited from cronyism ? 
  shock . 
  it 's a very interesting form of religious imperialism . 
  this is how the saudis have been in part recycling their balance of trade surplus since the oil glut of the 70s . 
  billions a year being spent on wahhabi brand aid . 
  europe does n't even have a balance of trade deficit - we should be keeping our own arms industry going , y' know , by actually shelling out money on equipment , instead of pawning ourselves off to gulf arabs for a few billion at a time . 
  we 're not really catching up anymore . 
  anyway , it 's due to a ) agriculture being 40 % of the european government budget ; and b ) while ireland is n't entitled to much development funding , to obtain funding there is a process . 
  greece for example has been terrible at jumping through the hoops , thus getting less investment then they could 've . 
  ireland on the other hand has been very competent in this regard . 
  seeing as this pertains to those whose requests have been rejected , seems like deportation is occurring nowhere near fast enough . 
  these people with rejected claims staying mean less resources for actual refugees . 
  of course they should be provided with means to return mind you . 
  ah god no , no need to edit !, 
  i thought your original post was funny  sure i feel awful guilty now . 
  ah , well i would n't think of it as picking on a specific nationality so much as picking on their extreme nationalists , who i think are fair game , with their blatant genocidal denial , racism and xenophobia . 
  to be fair , i 'd like to think human rights activists have a greater thirst for knowledge than extreme turkish nationalists . 
  yeah , democracy is democracy i guess . 
  romania not being a sore loser only makes its lack of schengen membership more ridiculous . 
  as you say , the exclusion has been for political reasons , not practical ones . 
  just as romania has abided by the democratic decision re quotas , the rest of europe should abide by the protocol ( conditions for joining schengen ) romania has fulfilled . 
  as for your muslim population , the fact you have preexisting mosques etc that are n't run for `` free '' by gulf funding is an excellent point , and should make a crucial difference . 
   low key involvement in afghanistan ? 
  probably more a reference to the type of work being done . 
  vis-a-vis denmark , canada etc it was relatively low key , operating in the fairly quiet north of the country . 
  i 'd still say `` low key '' is the wrong term though . 
  that study was done on a very specific type of company , namely a domestic producer . 
  fact is , multinationals here pay nowhere near 12.5 % in corporate tax . 
  well yeah , but that 's highly unlikely . 
  i think a stable family with a loving mother and father would be best , but all too often that is not available . 
  certainly adoption by a loving single person , or a same-sex couple is better than growing up in an institution . 
  holland and the rest of nl is at sea level and pretty mild year round .
