  is it a big deal for us though ? 
  the eurozone is a large economy . 
  we 're not net importers of food . 
  we do n't have major issues with a trade deficit . 
  the uk is much smaller , and more vulnerable . 
  i think it 's a lack of empathy . 
  when you see people asking for fellow eu citizens who came to their country and are working legally , * to be deported * , it 's not surprising they could n't consider the value of preserving some semblance of biodiversity . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm a meat eater , i 've advocated keeping refugees in safe zones outside of europe and so on - i 'm not some bleeding heart type . 
  but some people have simply become cold . 
  and why ? 
  what world war did they go through ? 
  spain has 20 % unemployment , you do n't see this . 
  people need to take a long hard look at themselves . 
  they do give a damn . 
  even if britain stays in the single market , you know what they wo n't be continuing ? 
  european environmental policy . 
  nevermind conservation - the leave campaign is led by climate change deniers . 
  whether you like renzi or not , and there is something questionable about his style , you have to admire how he 's made italy command respect again over the last two years . 
  i hope this continues and would welcome a genuinely influential and economically strong italy . 
  yeah , i do n't see how customs and passport controls on the anglo-scottish border would n't be very damaging . 
  scotland will have a large fiscal deficit to deal with too . 
  still , i would vote to stay in the eu . 
  as brexiters would tell us , it 's not all about money . 
  exactly . 
  we should care for ourselves first , then weaker countries , particularly ex-colonies , and those who wish to join us in the future . 
  any thought given to the uk has to now be with regard to our own self-interest . 
  the uk is no longer part of that . 
  denmark has a constitutional opt-out for property purchases . 
  all the uk has to do is build houses . 
  it 's not hard , but has n't been done since the 70s . 
  well we do with the treaties , it 's just not a consolidated one . 
  the uk does n't have a constitution . 
  this seems reasonable to me - trade is not a responsibility for national governments . 
  let the council and parliament review it and vote on it . 
  god , how i wish there was a campaign saying this in the uk . 
  perhaps no other part of the world has had the opportunity to make so many mistakes - many horrific and unparalleled - but thanks to this we have likely learned the most . 
  uniting europe is putting those lessons to work , replacing revanchism and border tension with cooperation and friendship . 
   i do n't like it very much when a foreigner comes in , takes a show and tries to tell us how to think . 
  in all fairness when you look at things like your healthcare situation you need someone telling you how normal countries work . 
  mind you , my tolerance for john oliver tends to be 3-4 minutes at best . 
  insufferable . 
  it really has been shocking to see what russia and the saudis have been doing the last year . 
  russia in particular - their siege warfare is horrific , it is something out of europe 's religious wars - the strategy is simply to continually bomb besieged areas carelessly . 
  the only time targets seem to be carefully picked is when it comes to hospitals . 
  for fucks sakes , send in 10k troops to retake an area if you want to end the siege , you ca n't act like this . 
  worth reading about msf 's campaign : http://www.msf.ca/en/notatarget, 
  the uk is having a referendum on seceding from the eu . 
  why on earth should n't the rest of us be able to express our views on them leaving us ? 
  were people from the rest of the uk not allowed to try and campaign to keep scotland in the uk ? 
  iceland also has free movement of people , and contributes to the european budget . 
  i would be happy for you brits to choose such a route . 
  us irish would be happy to help legislate on your behalf , without your say so , and move where we please in the uk . 
  of course . 
  being part of a supranational political union has to limit sovereignty . 
  the thing is , states can secede from the eu , and regain it . 
  nokia stuck with a dying os in symbian for too long . 
  the people developing these products were insulated from the real world . 
  as were the fanboys ( i do n't think mobile phone fanboys are a thing these days , but they were in 2007/8/9 ) . 
  by the time they tried to move , the android market was already saturated . 
  hindsight is 20/20 . 
  if they had realised symbian was dead even a year earlier , they could have been a real competitor for samsung . 
  are we going to try and cite that flowerpot manufacturer study again to try and make ourselves look good . . ? 
  since when has nato or the eu had a genocidal agenda ? 
   seems risky from a russian perspective . 
  no need to take such risks with your largest naval installation . 
  riskier than invading a country whom you signed a treaty with swearing to protect its territorial integrity , in return for the world 's third largest nuclear arsenal ? 
  using gas as a weapon instead of guns , perhaps ? 
  russia had all the economic power . 
  of course it must be difficult when your compatriots are cheating and getting advantages you are not . 
  no doubt there are plenty of clean russian athletes , who have been tarnished by their government 's large scale doping . 
  what alternative was there to invading and annexing crimea . . ? 
  really ? 
  if ukraine intended to break the agreement russia could have done an awful lot before invading and annexing the entirety of crimea . 
  they were hardly stupid a few years back . 
  ireland only decriminalised homosexual relations two and a half decades ago . 
   true safety in europe can only come from ostpolitik and integrating russia a strategy pursued for two decades . 
  i 'm a firm believer in being generous with the carrot . 
  but at some point the stick has to come out . 
  we let georgia go . 
  invading ukraine , a country whose territorial integrity was guaranteed by russia , means appeasing russia is no longer a tenable strategy in the medium to long term . 
  we have to preserve some semblance of international norms . 
  we ca n't go back to the 19th century . 
  i doubt it somehow , given that she still seems like a generic member of the far right in many respects , no ? 
  articles on turkey get downvotes unless they 're about turkey being shit . 
  who is in charge ? 
  i think that people who express or hold divisive or extreme beliefs need to go to extra efforts to justify them , and need to be careful to not inflame violence and outright hatred against innocent people . 
  that goes as much for those who support common islamic views , as it does for those who are further away from the political centre , does it not ? 
  well i say it all the time ... so meh . 
  what can you dismiss me with ? 
   i think that china merely looks for ways to invest it 's surplus in a meaningful way . 
  i honestly do think this is a lot of it . 
  we do n't need to be too suspicious , china is not russia - however healthy scepticism is important . 
  china needs to reverse course on the south china sea , however it 's not a big enough issue for a major geopolitical effort on europe 's part . 
  america is doing okay with tpp and such . 
  if the uk votes to leave there 'll be a lot instability before the uk even actually manages to secede . 
  that 'll change more than a few minds . 
   from people who otherwise tell us not to generalize based on outliers so how would you feel about such pieces from people who do n't say that ? 
  has turkey annexed cyprus ? 
  turkey supported reunification in 2004 , lest you forget . 
  turkey also does not express revanchism towards eu states , bar some little spats with greece .
