  i was n't arguing that the rules were n't tight enough . 
  this is the main problem . 
  that 's why the commission is so important , they 'll have to coordinate this in some other manner . 
  yeah i came across an american like that in prague , clearly from a well to do family . 
  i imagine he lived off his parents wealth for years in europe , but he was n't causing any trouble and seems to have been a useful addition to us with his own business and fluency in several languages ( such as czech ) . 
  i had been under the impression that means were usually assessed , not just income . 
  seems silly for us to deny ourselves the benefit of wealthy westerners from outside europe . 
  these rules should be sufficient to stop most of the less desired migrants coming to the uk . 
  the government could simply use the extra tax revenue to expand services and housing in line with the reasonable pace of population growth . 
  unfortunately you 've got a tory cabinet full of shrink the state ideologues precluding that from happening . 
  i 'm assuming they 're a non-citizen doing their postdoc in france . 
  well it 's the rest of the eu who really matters here . 
  i hope the commission rallies support from sufficient member states to sanction the polish government if constitutional normality is n't restored , as should happen . 
  the minister actually has an agricultural degree . 
  they 're probably one of the smartest ministers in the cabinet , i 'd trust him with the military more than most others in parliament - but then again he has n't pushed for joining nato , and only secured small spending increases , unfortunately given how low spending is imo . 
  hyperbolic title ( it 's not simply `` fantasy '' in general and sweden is hardly leading the charge , if anything the article itself makes sweden sound behind ) , but interesting article . 
  i 'd be very sympathetic with the accused , but it 's easy to see where the wariness of allowing such images to be distributed comes from . 
  either way , i think we can agree that the law was actioned in too heavy handed a manner and needs some level of liberalisation . 
  how is this hyperbolic ? 
  pis seem to prefer the malaysian way of democracy , but that 's not compatible with the constitutional set up of the eu . 
  i never once mentioned totalitarianism - please , people in glass houses should n't throw stones , feel free to retract your accusation of hyperbole given your own comment . 
  poland is part of a political union . 
  so the sovereignty question is irrelevant , you already chose to pool it in that regard . 
  you ca n't break eu law and expect to get away with it . 
  if you do n't want to be a liberal democracy feel free to secede and join turkey and russia and other such states on our borders . 
  kind of surprised to see the us so high , i suppose things are cheaper there . 
  of course much better to be a western european minimum wage worker , given the healthcare situation ( and childcare to an extent ) . 
   and the people do not care about what changes , they just want change . 
  and there were other alternatives to po , yet those chose either pis or parties even further to the right . 
  i just assume these hard/far-right wing voters are just really highly motivated . 
  because there are no international waters . 
  golden dawn . 
  they 're literal neo-nazis . 
  allied with gd and the ndp . 
  completely pathetic . 
  the slovakian political spectrum is hardly narrow , yet these people vote for people who reminisce about slovakia 's genocidal conduct in wwii ? 
  yet many on / r/europe defend this . 
  yes , you 're right . 
  we should have exterminated the jews harder . 
  some fucking message to send mate . 
   why not for then instead . 
  well surely as they openly idolise the wwii slovak regime that was such an enthusiastic supporter of nazi germany . 
  disgusting how they 've gotten 13 mps . 
  fico has enabled them as you say , unfortunately . 
  but i 'd lay the blame at the voters themselves who voted for the extreme-right who pride themselves on slovakia 's wartime atrocities , such short memories . 
   why are the surplus votes of nial ring shared among the rest not immediatly ? 
  i have no idea , i 'd love to know this as well !, 
   if there 1000 votes for a seat a needed and a canditate gets 1010 votes . 
  of the 10 surplus votes , which ones are the ones being redistributed ? 
  it 's proportionate . 
  so if there were 404 next preferences for candidate b , and the surplus was 10 , b would get 404 x 10/1010 - so 4 votes added to their tally , as far as i understand . 
  so it 's not random or anything !, 
  this makes vote management a big issue - for example in my constituency fianna f\u00e1il focused on getting their second candidate ( the ff leader was also in my constituency ) 1st preferences as it made him more viable than scrounging off transfers from their better candidate . 
  when candidates get elimated however , the votes are of course transferred intact . 
  very good overview !, 
  there are more animations done by cllr . 
  claire byrne ( http://www.clairebyrne.ie ) of the green party here - http://clairebyrne.ie/counts/ not much on the ge yet but we 'll see if she adds more !, 
   ( which frequently receives state subsidies ) how does this work ? 
  surely the commission would 've taken note to some extent . 
  it is interesting . 
  e-cigarettes still have health implications - however what really matters is the way they all but neutralise the issue of second hand smoke ( the concentrations of carcinogens in the vapour is orders of magnitudes below what one sees with cigarette smoke ) . 
  if people want to damage their own health , so be it i suppose . 
  the issue with smoking is that it affected non-smokers terribly . 
  i would helpfully suggest that if ecofin ( the finance/economic ministers council - which is what is meant by the `` eu '' in this article , it 's not the commission interested in this ) , wishes to make up for tax shortfalls , they increase fuel taxes , what with climate change and fuel costs having dropped dramatically , damaging efforts to reduce our emissions . 
  psychology would definitely go under social science . 
  i was just wondering , as in our parliament we have 2 doctors ( medical doctors ) , and 3 last election . 
  what would health sciences be under ? 
  i mean the natural sciences figure seems quite low . 
  just wondering !, 
  yeah , no . 
  for any sort of organisation it 's pretty useful . 
  maybe if you 've a small friend group and are n't involved in anything major it 's dead , otherwise it 's still very much alive and profitable . 
  gnp also grew strongly , about 4-5 % , which would be the best in europe though . 
   `` keep the recovery going '' in all fairness they used the word `` recovery '' . 
  the economy grew by over 6 % last year . 
  there is n't some huge long term increase in economic output , but a recovery . 
  whatever about wages , things have definitely improved on the jobs front in cork . 
  but yeah , once the troika left we seemed to return to mediocre governance , hardly made fg look good . 
  hungary has been yelled at for years due to authoritarian governance , keep up with the news . 
  homosexual acts were illegal in the 90s in ireland mate . 
  i think you 're taking the expression `` no-brainer '' a bit too literally . 
  ... because not every non-westerner is a club wielding troglodyte ? 
  i 'm starting to see how saxony and mv have so many issues , some of these people must never have seen someone from poland , let alone an asian . 
  these people are so na\u00efve , how they even say something like that ? 
  europe hosts few asylum seekers per capita compared to countries in asia and africa . 
  how about we start calling them our vassals ? 
  a disproportionate amount tend to be converts , quite interesting . 
  zeal of the convert and all that . 
  problem is less so immigrants , more ideology . 
  exactly . 
  it 's like calling the usa america , but even more justifiable given how most of the continent is part of us or is trying to be . 
  and of course both also are part of the single market with free movement of labour , 
   ddg 1000 the zumwalt is terrifying looking . 
  mind you probably worth noting that a lot of that cost is on the r&d side . 
  mind you the fremm seems quite affordable , compared to the type 45s for example . 
   1 ) establishing pimary elections in order to choose the candidates to the presidency of the eu commission parties already have these though . 
   2 ) giving to the european parliament parliament the same powers of the eu council . 
  this is a move from confederalism that would offend a lot of states but would be an excellent move . 
   3 ) creating european referendums on european issues . 
  willy nilly referendums never end well .
