  i pointed that out in another comment and got downvoted , as unfortunately the far-right on this subreddit talk the talk , but in reality have no interest in helping others . 
  it 's not really though . 
  funding appeals have been missed by massive margins the last few years . 
  the thing is though it 's only a few billion . 
  a lot cheaper than looking after refugees here . 
  yet if your kids are n't in school , you 're going to go to europe and try and bring them over , are n't you ? 
  these people are acting rationally . 
  we need to change the facts on the ground to change how people act . 
   two words : australian solution . 
  deport everyone to some remote african country and people will stop coming . 
  setting up camps in north africa that we could look after would require money and foreign policy muscle . 
  we would n't even set up safe zones in syria , and look at how people freak about any foreign policy might in / r/europe . 
   i am so sick of this pc bullshit and libtards . 
  hezbollah might not be state actors but labelling them as terrorists is dubious enough . 
  my point is that people blame the rapid changeover to capitalism for the problems in the former ussr - ignoring the issue that it was the countries that tried to prevent change that have in many respects done the worst . 
  it 's used as a way to blame capitalism for russia 's current problems , ignoring the fact that where things were done quicker , where there was proper enforcement of property rights and other things necessary for a proper capitalist economy , things have gone much better . 
  how come when i was in prague then i saw people gainfully employed , nice new buildings , was n't asked for bribes , and also was n't in an authoritarian state with no opposition ? 
  complain about shock therapy all you want , but our eastern countries have functioning capitalist economies and are much better off today . 
  \u0160koda is once again a successful car manufacturer thanks to shock therapy , rather than a joke . 
  seems to me they 're much better off than the likes of russia which did things in a completely haphazard fashion . 
  we 'd probably agree ? 
  well , fair enough . 
  hs1 was the big thing in my mind when i mentioned the se in all fairness !, 
  thank you , glad to see someone else in this thread with medical knowledge , instead of raw hate . 
  because it 's a balancing act , at the end of the day . 
  we have to be careful . 
  there were people getting upvoted in / r/europe calling for a european gitmo recently . 
  meta analysis here , you can read the whole thing if you have an institutional log in : http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1111/j.1365-2265.2009.03625.x/abstract  we identified 28 eligible studies . 
  these studies enrolled 1833 participants with gid ( 1093 male-to-female , 801 female-to-male ) who underwent sex reassignment that included hormonal therapies . 
  all the studies were observational and most lacked controls . 
  pooling across studies shows that after sex reassignment , 80 % of individuals with gid reported significant improvement in gender dysphoria ( 95 % ci = 68 -- 89 % ; 8 studies ; i2 = 82 % ) ; 78 % reported significant improvement in psychological symptoms ( 95 % ci = 56 -- 94 % ; 7 studies ; i2 = 86 % ) ; 80 % reported significant improvement in quality of life ( 95 % ci = 72 -- 88 % ; 16 studies ; i2 = 78 % ) ; and 72 % reported significant improvement in sexual function ( 95 % ci = 60 -- 81 % ; 15 studies ; i2 = 78 % ) . 
  suicide rates still are higher than the general pop unsurprisingly , but there seems to be a real improvement . 
  however clearly more research is needed , but when you 're dealing with such a small group of people that really is quite difficult , as you can see . 
  jesus you 're a real piece of work . 
  please , compare the suicide rates of people with severe gender dysphoria before and after transitioning . 
  it 's the best treatment option we have right now , yet people like you care less about people 's health , and more about hating people who have likly done nothing to you . 
  well that 's the plan . 
  i do n't see the issue . 
  during the initial rollout here the company in charge of charging points did n't charge for the power . 
  they do now . 
  they 're like the saudis of hydro . 
  and of oil . 
  the discourse around illegal immigration is completely different in the us ( this is a us site ) . 
  i 'm glad to hear the company complied with the law . 
  does n't sound like they were exploiting the immigrants . 
   encouraging the tax dodging arseholes here well this is why you get the investment . 
  do n't let na\u00efvety induce you into supporting this agenda . 
  probably worth noting that with the double irish being ended , and more and more pressure on us ( we 're currently fighting the european commission in the european courts to protect apple 's tax deal ... ) i 'd say the advantages will become more marginal , thus there 'd be little benefit to scotland , not worth the moral issues imo . 
  the investment is used to mask tax dodging , there 's only so much scope for it . 
  wo n't add much benefit to the uk on average as it 's a lot bigger than ireland , besides you are seceding . 
   we need to reduce our corporation tax like the roi has the thing about a race to the bottom is that it does n't work if everyone else is doing it . 
   because that helps the less well off . 
  certainly not globally . 
  ireland is complicit in robbing poorer countries of their taxation . 
  on a serious note peronism is kind of interesting in that regard . 
  what 'd you call it , diet fascism ? 
  well in all fairness london runs a huge surplus . 
  it would make more sense for example to perhaps to reduce current spending outside london and increase capital spending by a similar amount . 
  unfortunately osbourne just cut current spending everywhere and mostly funded london centric infrastructure projects . 
  not even once . 
   changing the gauge on those would solve nothing ; a train can definitely not run at 300 + km/h on 19th century rails . 
  oh , i 'm well aware - just seems to me that a lot of the track is doubled up ( at least from what i saw ) , thus you 'd be able to handle more volume with links between the two and interoperability . 
  this seems to be a real issue in the uk compared to elsewhere . 
  there 's plenty of subsidy for current spending , yet capital spending outside the south east and london gets neglected . 
   but there is no scheduled train service there currently that 's crazy !, 
  this is why i 'd like to see additional levies on flights that take the same path as train lines , to meet our carbon targets . 
  i thought it was a smart move to build the ave lines as international gauge , but it would probably make sense to shift iberian gauge lines to international to harmonise both . 
  a good lesson for anyone who thinks economic nationalism and protectionism makes you better off . 
  i agree . 
  as we 're a confederation every nation has to play a constructive role . 
  the only way i would support serbia joining in the next 5 years would be if things like constitutional change were no longer unanimous - at the very least we could move to 3/4 of states needing to approve changes , but requiring the existing 27 ( rip uk ) to approve it - effectively applying this only to the newer member states . 
  one could easily see serbia electing a government that makes pis look reasonable , and blocking some minor treaty change every single other country agrees on . 
  there are ways around that as we saw with the european fiscal compact , but they 're limited . 
   trump is strong against islamic terrorism is he really though ? 
  his policies would simply alienate all cooperation against islamic terrorism . 
  well the taliban regime that was n't recognised and was engaged in a civil war , not afghanistan as a whole . 
  oh yeah , sure . 
  such is the nature of confederalism , every country gets an outsized say and we all lose out . 
  but there are advantages too to it . 
  for which country would you say is an enemy of serbia ? 
  **  all countries are enemies 3,0 % this seems ... dramatic . 
   he can obviously keep up a conversation in french but stutters sometimes . 
  less space than your mom . 
   for this list every europol member country has two slots . 
  haha , this is so typical of european governance . 
  does he have any power ? 
  yup . 
  europe is filled with these types and it 's not a huge deal if the position is unfilled for a bit . 
  whereas say the ambassador to russia or iraq would be someone quite experienced . 
  us ambassadors have always been appointed that way . 
  it 's not a position of power like governor . 
   the dinners they host at the embassy are creepy why ? 
  reddit told me trump supporters were n't homophobic , i 'm confused . 
  well b\u0103cescu would have deported most of ni 's population too . 
  does n't speak well of the northern irish . 
  to where ? 
  romania probably . 
  the goldman thing does n't bother me , i 'd like a well paying job if i had been underpaid for my skill set for over a decade . 
  iraq i 'll give you , but he was hardly alone there . 
  a dull commission does n't sound like a terrible thing to me .
