  in / r/europe it seems to be opposite . 
  bigoted posts get upvoted to the top all too often . 
  if you want to bring history into this , look at the spanish inquisition . 
  meanwhile christians were allowed prosper as people of the book in islamic societies . 
  not particularly relevant today , but you brought it up . 
  quite an ill-informed post i must say - but there is a good reason why so many uninformed people are bigots . 
  found it interesting how us liberals are often more conservative than european conservatives . 
  shows how much their political system has been skewed over the last few decades . 
  america 's ` conservatives ' are worlds away from europe 's . 
  it was accurate to describe the republican party a few decades ago , but not now . 
  these terms tend to stick however . 
  heh , watching the video :  some say russia is going the same way would be a terrible shame for foreigners to ruin russia 's sweden-beating murder and corruption rates . 
  if you wish to include the crown dependencies one can just say the british isles , like . 
  not entire accurate but iberia would include gibraltar and andorra . 
  he 'll be answering questions starting at 17:30 . 
  should be interesting . 
  maybe because he is scottish ? 
  libertarianism of the american idea really is not something we want in europe . 
  government out of healthcare , no action on climate change , end of social welfare . . etc. 
  these ideas would send us back a hundred years , socially , and a good few years economically too . 
  the government does * some * things better guys ... libertarianism in the free-market sense is as misguided as communist thought , where the private sector sucks and government run entities are hyper-efficient in every sector . 
  yup , unfortunately so . 
  there is a disconnect , and i would say its very much self imposed . 
  ireland is far closer to the rest of europe despite being geographically and historically further . 
  its important that one gets a balanced view on the eu , not just a pro or anti perspective . 
  that said i think most of the irish broadsheets are fairly balanced , and fair . 
  they 'll point out the flaws and the positives , not just one or the other . 
  i 'd say the guardian offers a fair perspective on europe for the most part , but one must be alert with regards to this british press on such matters . 
  the uk government is being far more sensible , giving the scots their vote fairly and negotiating the referendum 's terms . 
  i hope the spanish govt . 
  gets its shit together after the catalan elections and does the same , otherwise it will head straight for massive problems . 
  its really a case of the member states of the eu not wanting it . 
  if european government was based around the people , not countries , there would be much much less of an issue here . 
  the country that gave women the vote only a few years ago ? 
  i 'd say malaysia is doing a good bit better . 
  ok hollande , i kind of like you , you seem like a decent guy . 
   giving the guardian his first british newspaper interview since becoming president in may , hollande said there was light at the end of the eurozone tunnel , but he also : i wholly agree with this stuff :  \u2022 suggested merkel was too preoccupied with domestic politics in her response to the crisis  \u2022 demanded berlin reverse its opposition to decisions taken by eurozone leaders in june  \u2022 called on the eurozone to act promptly to bring down the costs of borrowing for spain and italy pretty much agree with these :  \u2022 insisted greece be assured of staying in the eurozone  \u2022 and dismissed as unfounded the strong german criticisms of the recent moves on the crisis by the european central bank . 
  buuuut  \u2022 gave short shrift to a german push for the creation of a federalised eurozone or political union i say no real fiscal burden sharing without a federal democratic framework for it to take place in . 
  and i say this as a citizen of one of the financially fucked countries . 
  i wonder how many poles would have thought , over two decades ago , as communism disintegrated , that by 2012 their country would be one of the leading countries in europe ? 
  truly amazing , fair fucks to poland . 
  i know , i know . 
  still a bit extra that we do n't really have per month and i would n't be sure its worth it . 
  really , sorry . 
  its our fault . 
  ah yes , the torygraph . 
  out of interest , how long ago was it since they used to be somewhat reputable ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  why does n't the government do something ? . 
  thank fuck for government interference in telecoms , nice to not have to freak over receiving texts or calls here in europe . 
  in ireland it took me 4 minutes to load this thing . 
  fuck sake op , some of us have american-speed broadband . 
  its bad , but a lot of eu countries are doing worse right now with regards to measures like . 
  the problem really is unemployed/low income people with large mortgages . 
  only a europe wide recovery will solve the income issue , but perhaps the government could take measures to freeze mortgages where people are struggling and in negative-equity . 
  god knows they need it . 
  well there has been continued contraction in gnp , and a lot of cutbacks and tax rises were contained in the budget . 
  ah now the uk plays fair more than a lot of states in this world in a lot of areas , but certainly not with regards to europe . 
  interesting how ireland only experienced a three percentile reduction ( 54 to 51 % ) , despite large scale economic contraction , cutbacks and tax rises . 
  i 'm just saying the nobel prize should n't be used to fund current government expenditure . 
  government is great and stuff , i 'm all for it like , sure i would n't be alive without it . 
   the uk , is much more interested in being fair . 
  hahahahahahahahahahaha, 
   welcome the tracksuit !, 
  note the brand matching of the entire outfit : hoodie , sweatpants and trainers . 
  this man is a walking advertisement for adidas . 
  the statement of wearing light colors in a riot can only be saluted . 
  and it makes a nice contrast against all the fire and smoke . 
  sportswear brands were extremely well represented in last year 's riots and student protests , giving a unified `` look '' to the protestors , who also memorably showed their fashion nous by raiding sports stores , famously trying shoes on in-shop to make sure they had the right look and feel . 
  ah guys this article is brilliant . 
  hahahaha, 
  clarify stuff and have another referendum next year ? 
  hopefully ... 
  france is doing fine , so it would seem ... 
  especially when you consider that france considered much of its colonial territories as integral parts of the french republic , unlike the uk 's empire where much of it was made up of allied princely states and self-run colonies . 
  this is a lovely idea but i really do n't think nobel prize money should be used to fund government programs . 
  i 'm sure there are worthy charities which could use the money . 
  can the eu government simply allow them to do so ? 
  this is core legislation , like . 
  well ... to look at the positives - perhaps the uk-led notion of a two-tier europe can be put to rest if they leave . 
  obviously we still would have sweden and denmark causing some issues , but these would be much more manageable . 
  i can understand the need for opt-outs but to an extent they have been taken far too far . 
  must say the anti-eu mindset of the english ( its a bit unfair to lob in the scots with them in this case ) , is really quite sad and upsetting . 
  i always wonder if the whole situation could have been prevented somehow . 
  it has n't really occurred in other states . 
  hope the elections go well and the referendum is passed . 
  it would be a shame for all the planning and preparation work gone into the plant to go waste now , and for lithuania and its baltic partners to end up relying on dirty fossil fuels even more . 
  ecowas really needs to intervene in mali . 
  what we are seeing here is afghanistan '96 all over again . 
  fortunately i do n't think the world will forget about mali like they did with afghanistan . 
  best sort out this problem before its too late . 
  stitch in time saves nine , etc. 
  these rebels are dangerous . 
  they are destroying centuries of history and ruining tens of thousands of lives . 
  half the population of northern mali has been imprisoned in a cage of ignorance and control . 
  these rebels have no legitimacy . 
  yet they pose a threat to not just west africa , but north africa too . 
  i hope france and co give ecowas all the help they want in removing these backward cunts . 
  does anyone else think he resembles some sort of fish ? 
  ah here you can fuck off with that sort of rhetoric .
