  here 's the breakdown for the year 2015 . 
   egypt asked for $ 190m , received $ 58m  iraq asked for $ 426m , received $ 178m  jordan asked for $ 1,191 m , received $ 744m  lebanon asked for $ 1,761 m , received $ 1,106 m  turkey asked for $ 624m , received $ 286m  if i were the leader of any eu country i would be deeply ashamed of that . 
  the eu countries could have paid that 1.6 billion unhcr funding gap pretty easily . 
   but the sad truth is that nobody in the eu gives a flying fuck about refugees until they step foot into our countries . 
   http://data.unhcr.org/syrianrefugees/regional.php, 
  a solution we arrived at in 2016 ... and it 's not exactly a whole lot of money . 
  the point is that only the uk and france had any interest in preventing syria spiralling out of control . 
  the likes of germany and hungary sat on their hands . 
  if we stop using coal , then oil , then gas for electricity generation quickly there might be scope for continued local gas use in industry . 
  indeed , glad to see you 've stopped trolling . 
   is it a black market trade deal ? 
  are all laws outside the constitution black market . . ? 
  well yeah , i meant the nitty gritty . 
  when it comes to trade agreements they generally must by ratified individual parliaments , trade deals are negotiated with member state involvement . 
  we have a lot of power , and the d\u00e1il could reject the agreement if they wanted . 
  this is not a constitutional treaty . 
  there 's a list here : http://europa.eu/eu-law/decision-making/treaties/index_en.htm  that 's precedent . 
  no other trade treaty has had a referendum . 
  when was the referendum on our mexico fta ? 
  no you wo n't , because there wo n't be a poll . 
   i will feel free to block it when its put to a referendum because but it wo n't be . 
  as i said , take it to the courts . 
  this is not a constitutional treaty . 
  there 's a list here : http://europa.eu/eu-law/decision-making/treaties/index_en.htm please amend your comments as you are incorrect . 
  indeed , the treaties that make up the constitutional basis of the union . 
  the courts obviously disagree that trade deals amount to this . 
  now , feel free to take it the courts , challenge them on it . 
  but i 'd say you would n't get far , would you ? 
   a 1987 decision of the supreme court established that ratification by ireland of any significant amendment to the treaties of the european union requires an amendment to the constitution of ireland . 
  indeed , any change to the constitution of europe ( ie the teu and tfeu ) requires a referendum in ireland , because obviously that generally supercedes the irish constitution . 
  i do n't see how this relates to a trade agreement ? 
  since when have we required referenda on trade agreements ? 
  when was the referendum on the eu-tunisia association agreement ? 
  your post is correct bar that , as your post does n't mention anything about trade agreements . 
   surrendering our independence and deferring to european majority would spark trouble here . 
  trade has been a european competence for decades , so i do n't get your point . 
  that sovereignty was surrendered ages ago . 
  article 50 is there if you want that sovereignty back . 
  this is not an \u00e0 la carte union . 
  it does n't make much sense to have such referendums at the national level does it though ? 
  any referendum should only be europe wide . 
   muslim and hispanic oh no , better deport all those non-white bosniaks and spaniards . 
  which is why i hope that post-brexit europe can make more progress on this . 
   less poor people somewhere in bumfuck-nowhere has pretty much no positive effect on the middle class in 1st world nations anywhere . 
  so you 're saying we do n't benefit from greater global stability , less foreign aid spending etc ? 
   that is the prime reason people are fighting back against globalism - it brings no benefit to the middle class in most of the western hemisphere and other 1st world countries , we all benefit from a better off global population . 
  `` globalism '' has lifted billions out of poverty . 
  perhaps we should focus on increasing taxation on the well off at home instead of blaming foreigners abroad . 
  what a bizarre woman . 
  obama must be kicking himself he did n't get rid of her when clinton asked him to a while back . 
  pretty sad to see that kind of petulant politician . 
  still though , apparently some contents like spreadsheets were edited , but i doubt even a large minority of the stuff was changed overall . 
   one other smaller memberstate . 
  you think people are calling orb\u00e1n those things solely due to his recent posturing . . ? 
  so why did you say :  it will get worse with the olympics . 
   rio is an international city . 
  it 's not pyongyang , the olympics wo n't make much difference . 
  loads of people visit rio anyway . 
  the olympics will add a few hundred thousand to that , potato chips . 
  why ? 
  rio is an international city . 
  it 's not pyongyang , the olympics wo n't make much difference . 
  this is why we need extraterritorial places to hold people in . 
  obviously we could n't deport this guy to syria , but what was bulgaria going to do with him ? 
  because we all know how pro-israeli palestinian christians are . 
  two circassians ? 
  what is this madness ? 
  exactly . 
  the large scale transfers to the poorer states do this decently as is . 
  these countries decided to join the union for good reason . 
  besides , most have seen excellent drops in unemployment - aided by emigration . 
  as they only moved within europe those people are likely to return , hopefully thanks to wage pressures in their home country due to skill shortages . 
  the system is working as designed . 
  however i would still like to see more transfers . 
  re-read my post . 
   why do n't they solve the trade issues with russia ? 
  probably because we 're not going to launch a ground war to expel russia from ukraine . 
  they 'll have to choose to leave the country themselves . 
  it 's still marginally more than the us spends on subsidies , a bit less than japan . 
  nz i believe has no subsidy programme . 
  we could reduce subsidies further if there was the will . 
  progress was made in the 00s . 
  but i have no expertise in this matter . 
  i would imagine we need to continue subsidies close to the current level to protect the rural economy . 
  i 'm inclined to agree with you . 
  it 's a very touchy issue of course , as / u/chie _ satonaka points out . 
  we do not starve if we can not import earphones - food is the one market that gets treated differently . 
  yet we have no real issues with lack of food production . 
  subsidies have been changing but need to change more . 
  perhaps this $ 0.5 bn is the right move - i 'm not an expert . 
  but it would seem to me that going down the us route of subsidising via insurance schemes ( combined with rural environmental schemes as we already have ) is where we need to go . 
  are you being facetious ? 
  we 're all part of the single market , a fairly unified economy . 
  would n't consumers in virginia not be a bit worried about the prospect of texas seceding and erecting barriers to trade and such ? 
   they failed as parents and now want something from the state ( be it money or have the cops fired ) . 
  perhaps , but this might be part of the grieving process for them . 
  a bit of empathy would help . 
  reminds of the irish woman who sued a pharmacist after her daughter died of anaphylactic shock - realistically she should have known how serious her daughter 's condition was , but she needed to blame the pharmacist . 
  wrong of course but you could understand . 
  your children are n't supposed to die before you .
