  that is an indication that the changes are not as radical as the crazies on the far left would like to pretend . 
  exactly . 
  the reformist unions support this , france must not give into a minority who only have their own self interest at heart , not what 's best for france or europe . 
  46,000 so far have reached italy this year : http://data.unhcr.org/mediterranean/regional.php where is millions coming from ? 
   even if the imf ( ! ), 
  of all people have thrown cold water on the agenda . 
  on austerity - which france has n't had much of in all fairness . 
  what people are talking about now is changing employment law . 
  there needs to be some liberalisation to prevent people being locked out of jobs . 
  it 's easy for someone with a cushy job in a refinery to be opposed to that , but for one of france 's millions of unemployed , well , that 's another matter . 
  you can use neoliberal as a pejorative but that does n't change the issue . 
  you 're less likely to hire people if they 're extremely difficult to fire . 
  the likes of denmark realised this years ago . 
  that being said , the comparison of talk vis-a-vis france and the uk certainly is annoying . 
  bar unemployment , france does better on almost every measure , from carbon emissions to debt levels . 
  but unemployment is a huge and visible issue . 
  that 's what i really do n't get . 
  there 's nothing to be integrated !, 
  it was such a bizarre comment . 
  i 'm hardly a football fanatic but i know this , that politician is an idiot . 
  cigarettes directly impacts non-smokers in a way alcohol does n't ( of course there are social impacts mind you ) . 
  so the comparison is n't great . 
  the people without a valid asylum claim are to be deported . 
  of course how easy that is is another thing , but charted planes flew thousands out of italy last year , including to kabul . 
  obviously those with a valid asylum claim ca n't simply be deported without somewhere safe for them to go . 
  seems like a new russian type of plant along the lines of what finland is getting , seems like a suitable location for it too . 
  fair enough . 
  yeah i 'd agree . 
  some of the people may have been a bit blunt but only one family was genuinely racist , they were actually a bit creepy really . 
  i thought it was well done , one of these documentariee with little to no narration . 
  worth a watch really . 
  how about increasing carbon taxes , and levies on air routes that follow rail lines , like say london-paris ? 
  of course you 'd need to increase rail capacity too . 
  channel 4 always has done these sorts of programs though - a lot of the time they end up pointing out some of the ridiculous claims , but also the hidden reality of some situations . 
  i very much enjoy channel 4 news for example , and some of their niche programming . 
  i personally have never felt c4 to be pro-leave . 
  they seemed pro-remain if anything to me . 
  i think it 's that it often explains things in such a basic manner they leave out a lot of detail , which can be frustrating when you know more about something . 
  however i think it 's for the best , the media ca n't just be for the well read , y' know ? 
   at the un 's first ever humanitarian conference , president anastasiades took umbrage with akinci being treated as a head of state , and left the conference early . 
  hmm . 
  i understand the issue , but seems like an overreaction . 
  i wonder if there is more to this . 
  i looked for nl as i sort of figured you 'd have engineered your way out of floods ... and you clearly have . 
  stop making us look bad . 
  when did she let them in ? 
  i agree that german foreign policy is weak . 
  perhaps if merkel had been stronger on syria and russia we would n't have this problem . 
  but still , a stretch . 
  most europeans would agree with her , for better or worse . 
  yeah i worked with two croatians for a while . 
  one of them became quite unhappy when i made the mistake of asking about `` serbo-croatian '' . 
  this is actually a nice article , well worth reading . 
  the story of the first man is really quite sad , you can see how his dignity was stripped from him with his business failure and fall into poverty . 
  it 's not crazy when you look at what is going on in eritrea with conscripts . 
  there 's a reason so many eritreans are refugees in ethiopia , the country 's arch enemy . 
  i did read it - has it since been edited ? 
  not that high , but yes it 's an issue - a lot of kosovans for example !, 
  of course these people do n't have legitimate claims . 
  the like of afghanistanis and iraqis are tricky , a lot of those , the majority i would imagine , do n't really have much basis for an asylum claim . 
  that 's why i 've always been in favour of processing these people at the border , and holding them in camps for deportation , as the turkey deal pretty much allows for . 
  that should be a deterrent too . 
  exactly . 
  this is a problem for a very rich part of the world . 
  the imf have helped us out when we should have looked after it internally . 
  let 's not screw the likes of brazil over . 
  yeah . 
  i feel bad for them but they do n't have an asylum claim , they 're not persecuted . 
  what afghanistan needs is help , which we have given vast amounts of , not taking in its better educated youth who then have no real hope of making a successful life over here . 
  well exactly . 
  that 's what this proposal is about . 
  well there 's no scope for one in syria until we end the conflict , so that 's a moot point really . 
  a lot of foreign aid tends to revolve around infrastructure spending . 
  but right now food rations for refugees/idps are being cut due to underfunding , so we need to spend billions more . 
  the proposal is foreign aid , so close enough . 
  that 's why we need to focus on implementing the migration compact . 
  this 10 % is basically external aid . 
  the anti-refugee people should be completely behind this idea . 
  so we should spend nothing on foreign aid ? 
  well ceuta and gibraltar are part of the eu , what 's the issue there ? 
  yup , this really bothers me . 
  this is why i 've supported something along the lines of a turkey deal ( preferably without turkey , but still , the concept of preventing people coming in illegally to claim asylum and trying to do some burden sharing ) . 
  right now it 's unfair . 
  the better off and/or wiley get to the eu , the poor are stuck in squalor in lebanon . 
  the algerian civil war is a poor comparison . 
  there was a much lower death toll , and the war devolved into an insurgency . 
  whereas in syria that is very much not the case - and of course most civilians are fleeing the regime , in large part due to large scale deliberate bombardment of civilian areas in a scale far beyond what was seen in algeria . 
  the iran-iraq war again , while having a huge combatant death toll , was contained in a limited area , with limited population . 
  if we wanted to dismiss this as an algerian level problem we should have implemented a no fly zone years ago , which would have protected those civilians who chose to flee regime bombs . 
  can you give an example of a system that works better for people ? 
  yeah , that 's what i 'm wondering . 
  makes me feel like it 's some sort of ethno-nationalism rather than a more cultural based civic nationalism . 
  what i do find confusing is the denial of an austrian nation . 
  is this a matter of austrian being some lower level of cultural identity ? 
  austria as a state has existed for a very long time , and the borders of austria proper have n't changed much for centuries . 
  bavaria seems to be the only german state in a similar position . 
  yup . 
  africa is a ticking time bomb if the status quo continues . 
  we would all do well to implement renzi 's migration compact . 
  nothing in it is particularly controversial for most people , it just requires focusing of resources and political will .
