  i 'd just wonder if this applies to say , electricians or something . 
   further liberalisation of `` closed '' professions could you elaborate on this ? 
  thanks , 
  if he qualified as `` tyrannical '' , god knows what you must think of lenin , nevermind dictators who were actual peacetime tyrants like gadaffi or mao . 
  he was an inclusive leader , unlike the scary ethno-nationalist alternative ( when one considers how many polish people were n't ethnic poles especially ) . 
  being a dictator does n't necessarily make you a tyrant . 
  and i say that as a democrat , unlike yourself . 
  basically all talk radio in the us is radically anti-obama . 
  i 'm not too sure what country this guy lives in . 
  he seems to think newspapers are the media people are most engaged with . 
  well , blame the bbc !, 
  i did n't editorialise , i took the title and first line . 
  seems to have been quite a large bunch of raids anyway . 
  gosh , if you passed statistics in school god help us all . 
   if we are talking about `` indirectly '' then i think the us win this by far . 
  yeah , no . 
   not only by supporting the initial rebelion but by prevously destroying the neighbor country last time i checked it was islamists and ba'athists who ruined iraq and got so many killed post-invasion . 
  on the other hand isis has been a boon to the syrian regime . 
  they kill their enemies , bolster support for the regime , and force governments to cooperate with the regime . 
  they 're very similar genetically , ca n't really say that they 're just a bit greek . 
  anatolian turks just seem to have slightly more central asian blood . 
  well the mhp are far right nationalists i guess . 
  i 'd put that down to history really . 
  only arab countries and afghanistan/pakistan have major issues with female oppression . 
  the secularism malarkey affects both sexes anyway . 
  not really , i 'd agree with you honestly , especially in light of recent events in both countries . 
  well , if this was based on something he said online , there 's probably little that can be done if he does n't act on . 
  action is what counts really . 
  people say all sorts of things . 
  yeah . 
  i feel like if you 're going to include russia , turkey has to be included too , and largely vice versa . 
  however both are contestable , unlike say , slovenia . 
  the point is that the europeanised elites were exterminated . 
   they did . 
  which was awful . 
   the world is a cruel and unfair place . 
  i do n't see why should europe be responsible for whatever happens in the huge wasteland called africa . 
  the world has responsibility . 
  europe is 20 % of the global economy . 
  the world has responsibility . 
  how do you like the idea of european countries turning back estonian refugees fleeing the soviets ? 
  because they 're refugees ? 
  they 're fleeing oppression and persecution ? 
  we have a responsibility as the most developed part of the world . 
  eritrea for example is the north korea of africa . 
  it 's horrific . 
  either we fix the problem at the source , or we look after its victims . 
  i assumed it was a joke . 
  yeah , it 's just a sad fact of the state he was pm of . 
  it 'd be likewise true of ireland or nl . 
   all we have is bad choices to deal with the problem . 
  indeed . 
  however we must come up with a framework . 
  firstly , i would say that refugees are a responsibility for the entire world . 
  however , we in the west are the wealthiest and most developed , thus we have a far greater responsibility than say , ghana . 
  likewise saudi arabia has a greater responsibility than moldova in proportional terms . 
  secondly , neighbouring countries that are culturally similar should be recognised as the best places for refugees , especially for the refugees themselves . 
  this however means financial aid to them is required . 
  thirdly , if we wish to stop refugees occurring , we must prevent the circumstances producing them , through sanctions , military means , and long term planning . 
  fourthly , it is unfair to expect different parts of europe to share an unequal burden - as sweden , and also germany have done . 
  refugees should be spread out equally , with regard to economic conditions of each state ( ie bavaria has a greater ability than brandenburg , the uk a greater ability than romania ) . 
  fifthly , we can not take in all the refugees in the world . 
  it is unfair that some can simply `` skip the queue '' . 
  these people are desperate . 
  we can not take them all in . 
  thus , if you want to come to europe , refugees should be expected to be learning slovakian , or estonian , or dutch beforehand . 
  if we are resettling people from camps , books and such can be provided . 
  sixthly , while i do n't think we should discriminate based on education , families who are committed to liberal democracy , secularism etc should get priority , as they are indeed most at odds with the situation that made them refugees , and the most compatible with europe . 
  immigration and refugees are very different issues . 
  i 'm not too sure what sort of way you want the `` left '' to address the refugee issue . 
  the fact is , after wwii , we ( europe ) realised refugees have to be protected , and the circumstances that produce them prevented . 
  gosh , it 's almost like he invaded and annexed part of a neighbouring democracy whom his country had a treaty with to protect !, 
  no , that 's too ridiculous , that ca n't be it . 
  too many films it is !, 
  the belfast blitz was actually the second worst loss of life in the uk blitzes . 
  we study it in history down south . 
  indeed . 
  if we want to make war unthinkable for the baltic states we need to have the military force to protect them . 
  lol . 
  you parrot the usual pro-kremlin sphere of influence and `` do n't anger the bear '' crap . 
  we should be the ones training them . 
  sad that we have to leave it to the us . 
  they deserve our thanks . 
  i agree . 
  letting pakistan do that was an awful act of appeasement . 
  the isi are a threat to us all . 
  yeah , but it was a giant aq base . 
  intervention on the side of the internationally recognised government ended the civil war and liberated most of the country from the oppression of the taliban . 
  this is very worrying . 
  the responsible - including the group itself and its leaders - need to be held to account before the law , and such action needs to be condemned by all . 
  mind you if there is a big resource boom , i feel like the falklands should recompense the uk for their subsidisation + protection in the past . 
  well , i think the genocide was the bigger issue . 
  epidemics are one thing , but the whole enslavement , mass slaughter etc was horrific . 
  this is just sectarianism . 
  it 's really hard to blame the ideology for this ( when it preaches protection for people of the book - not atheists or hindus mind you ) . 
  sectarianism happens everywhere , sadly . 
  there 's so much to criticise islam for , but i do n't really see how this is one of them . 
  if anything this thread is useful to see which people wish to push a narrative . 
  that 's unfortunate . 
  not that i want bosnia to be run as a protectorate , but i 'd rather use of such powers to make the country better than a laissez-faire approach that results in stagnation at best .
