  their goal is domination . 
  so you do n't think that a destabilised west africa - and by extension a destabilised maghreb - would be a threat to our security ? 
  did any of those words i made up mean anything ? 
  who does n't ? 
  i ca n't believe that the terrorists burned down the precious libraries of timbuktu . 
  it really shows the kind of people these al qaeda affiliated groups are . 
  probab [ le ] y. 
  sweden , one of the homes of social democracy , should be thinking exactly the opposite !, 
  yes , maybe the poor , the sick , the dispossessed have made mistakes . 
  do we not help them ? 
  do we leave them decline further until they go mad ? 
  no , we help them , we intervene . 
  he is saying sweden is wrong for not showing solidarity with their fellow europeans . 
  in the 70s a european currency unit was speculated . 
  i remember a news report regarding ireland 's decimalisation of its currency in 1971 , stating how it was bring ireland further in line with the rest of europe , and that in 10 years time , we might be using a european currency . 
  in all fairness , vladimir putin is probably more pro-eu than klaus . 
   sort out your abortion issue . 
  you should all be ashamed . 
  for all the downvoting , someone had to say it . 
  the situation is mad . 
  surely the headline should be :  russia is largest recipient of european bank for reconstruction and development ( ebrd ) loans . 
  i think turkey deserves these loans , loans , that is what they are , far more than russia . 
  welcome to 21st century ireland , where government is based on fact and logic , not superstition or pandering to certain oversized non-productive sectors of the economy . 
  it almost is though , is n't it ? 
  sure , there are some microstates , much of the balkans and of course , switzerland , norway , and iceland who are outside the union , but they are all quite interconnected and/or wish to join . 
  hey australia is doing just fine . 
  to be honest , i dont give a fuck what some guy from the 18th century thinks we should do in modern society . 
  even the most enlightened person back then tended to be bigoted , and they have not had the experience of modern life . 
  constitutions are merely constitutions . 
  they are supposed to be changed . 
  ` children 's map of america ' its not america , its the usa . 
  who cares though ? 
  europe has another meaning now in common parlance , languages change . 
  it 's the same with the us . 
  ah yeah its ok , if its subconscious it is merely an unfortunate byproduct society as such . 
  as someone from ireland i am quite happy with our government 's decision to become part of the euro . 
  staying with the irish pound ( punt ) , likely pegged to the euro anyway , sounds like it would have worked out worse , considering what would have happened to it after our economy went to shit in 08 . 
  this situation with 36 hour shifts is ridiculous . 
  its awful how our governments can just ignore european regulation on this matter , 12 hours is too long for a shift , never mind double or triple that . 
  i 've always listened a bit more when i hear other ( non-irish ) europeans talking about ireland . 
  external views are so often much less clouded . 
  the idea of the `` bloody belgian telling us what to do '' is all a bit xenophobic really , deliberate or not . 
  a product of culture i guess . 
  and here i present to the rest of europe , modern rural ireland !, 
  its not that bad in ireland really though , it must be said . 
  its more a case of being an island than any deliberate manipulation . 
  we understand we are european , like . 
  jaysus there 's a dodgy looking headline if there ever was !, 
  india and russia are no threat , russia will never be so again , and india is as much as the best part of a century away from being one of the top two powers . 
  china will be however , and it is a different beast to india . 
  every problem we hear about regarding china is usually nearly as bad if not ten times so in india . 
  indonesia , brazil etc wo n't be superpowers either , but they will grow strongly , which will hopeful benefit their people 's . 
  hahaha, 
  looking through these pictures , the locals do n't appear to mind the presence of the french . 
  i hope the french repay the favour and behave themselves well , it 's about helping these people after all . 
  heh , looking at these comments , we say its the yanks who are uninformed !, 
  5 ** e ** kill me now . 
  good god , that 's shocking . 
  surely we would require multiples of that amount ? 
   also , why should we get involved ? 
  because someone has to police the world , and i would rather europe help police it rather than china or america alone . 
   i can understand not going into afghanistan and iraq as those were illegal conflicts . 
  since when is the intervention in afghanistan illegal ? 
  the iraq war was , do n't get the two confused . 
  it must be remembered that afghanistan was in a state of civil war when nato rolled in ( first with air and naval power ) , and we decided to help the northern alliance ( the guys who had been forgotten once the cold war came to an end ) . 
  i personally find it annoying how the germans , the third largest military in europe , offer some token humanitarian assistance , and two transports , even though they dont have a major commitment in afghanistan like the british . 
  shows how far apart viewpoints are even in non divisive situations like this . 
  well yeah , we are . 
  this just makes it even fucking harder . 
  well turkey is a secular state and should be teaching facts . 
  kids can learn misinformation in sunday school , not in state education . 
  if this is true it would be pretty bad form though , even in the worst us states things are rarely that bad . 
  so good , he is sponsored by nike . 
  if tanks and ifv 's go in we will know that this campaign will extend into the coming months . 
  i support the intervention but am sceptical about it only lasting a few weeks . 
  hopefully it does n't but better that than seeing a terrorist state in west africa . 
  hope to see other european militaries giving their support . 
  here 's my attempt , which will inevitable prove controversial and/or shite . 
  constitutional monarchies in europe * are * democracies . 
  the power of the monarch is regulated by a constitution and they have little more power than an elected figurehead president at best . 
  parliament makes all the decisions . 
  the monarch does not even have a single vote . 
  yes , it is archaic and somewhat odd . 
  but if its not broken - and it is n't in most parts of europe where it exists - why fix it ? 
  why destroy part of a country 's history which is often a unifying force and plays a part in national identity ? 
  in ireland we have an elected president . 
  it does n't seem that different , but it lacks the drama and interest of a monarchy . 
  it 's hard to tell with you darned ruskies !, 
  yeah , they have only gone through what , five , six republics over the last two and a bit centuries ? 
  execution is barbaric . 
  yes , lets show how civilised we are by beheading people . 
   carbs are bad god what are you , a 16 year old girl ? 
  carbs are very important . 
  there is elections to stormont ( ni assembly ) every few years . 
  there is no point in a referendum when it will lose by a margin of at least 30 % . 
  these are just a bunch of unemployed loyalists who feel they have gained nothing in the last few years . 
  90 % of northern ireland no longer gives a shit about how many days a year the uk flag flies over belfast city hall . 
  depends on where one is from i guess . 
  in the cork city area schools are more established and by far the majority are single-sex . 
  a lot of rural secondary schools are on the other hand newer ( 60s , 70s ) , and tend to be mixed .
