  edit : / r/europe y u no understand sarcasm ? 
  china are the real pig dogs here , in all fairness . 
  just an fyi : eu budgets work over seven years , so this amounts to a $ 7bn cut per annum . 
  you know what ? 
  screw that idea , for now at least . 
  instead , make some edits to the treaties so that the government comes from parliament . 
  the parliament thus elects a prime minister who picks his cabinet . 
  would really increase the importance of european parliamentary elections too . 
  you can add in a few more too ; energy , environment & climate change , coast guard , agriculture & fishing , space program , control of pan-european state owned entities ( airbus , par example ) , product regulation . 
  now , many of these things the eu already has competencies in , but you get the idea . 
  things like healthcare and education should always be a state issue , same for social welfare etc. 
  it was the lisbon treaty that required two referenda . 
  the fiscal treaty passed easily on the first attempt . 
  there are very valid reasons to oppose turkey joining - cyprus and the kurds . 
  turkey refuses to let the kurds exercise their culture , and its a situation which while common 100 years ago , is unacceptable now . 
  turkey has been hard at work colonising cyprus , and has went from having the opportunity to do a lot of good on the island to causing most of the problems . 
  there are other problems to , like desecularisation , low gdp per capita , and perhaps independence of the judiciary , but these are problems in several other eu countries already , sadly, 
  ah yeah , it is indeed interesting and important . . but presentation is everything . 
  irrelevant , but god that website 's design is so 1998 . 
  yet , when you exclude banking debt , one could say that the british economy is as , if not more fucked than ireland 's , or even the majority of the eurozone 's . 
  canada has half the population of the uk , and only has limited free trade agreements . 
  that said , canada has the kind of mineral resources the uk could only dream of , which renders it very differently economically . 
  bar the dictatorship bit , the situation sounds very similar to irelands . 
  immigration to former colonies of england/uk and back has always been the norm , its like a safety valve . 
  immigration to and from the rest of europe is fairly fluid likewise . 
  and the police here have not had to deal with real unrest , protests are peaceful and rarely sizable . 
  well , fianna f\u00e1il and fine gael are both center-right ( ff is/was more populist and closer to the center ) , and they were the two dominant parties since the predecessor to ff entered parliament in 1927 . 
  gone more left wing is very subjective . 
  sinn f\u00e9in got a big increase in seats , but not as big an increase in votes . 
  very localised support . 
  same for the socialist parliamentarians . 
  the people voted for the three parties of austerity en masse in 2011 , fine gael who got 70ish seats wanted 75 % spending cuts , 25 % tax increase , and their coalition partners labour got 30ish seats , after campaigning on 50 % spending cuts , 50 % tax increases . 
  in the end they settled on 2/3 cuts , 1/3 taxes . 
  i would say irish people are fairly conservative economically and socially . 
  however its more a case of christian democratic conservatism , where the need to look after the worse-off sections of society is explicitly recognised . 
  certainly not ` conservative ' in the america sense , irish people in general abhor at that kind of stuff . 
  a more europeanised and sanitised version of libertarianism was in vogue for a bit with the progressive democrats - they were very socially liberal , and at first i would say their influence helped the country , but in the 2000 's their ideas became quite damaging . 
  they were in collation with fianna f\u00e1il , the party they broke off from , for much of the 20 years up to 2007 , and were oft said to be the tail that wagged the dog . 
   `` the nuclear power project will still be government 's strategic goal along with shale gas , nothing has changed in this respect , '' it 's good to see they are going forward with nuclear , but i wish that instead of looking at shale gas they would add some more nuclear capacity instead . 
  the emissions targets we need to hit are going to be very stringent . 
  i would agree with this analysis , and there i can empathise with many conservative/center-right viewpoints . 
  however it seems that the euroskeptic wing of the party is calling the shots right now , as we can see from what the theresa may , for example is doing . 
  much of cameron 's actions can be seen as pandering to said wing likewise . 
  hence the ` today 's tory party ' qualifier . 
  a warning that is like to be ignored in today 's tory party . 
  out of interest , what would you make of a european military basing nuclear submarines , and wmd 's in scotland ? 
  its certainly a possibility within the century . 
  oh of course , corruption is always a threat and must be fought !, 
  i think this a statement most can agree with . 
  corruption should never be tolerated . 
  i do n't think that auditors should ` simply accept ' that some countries are more corrupt . 
  true as that might be , that does not make the offense of corruption less worse . 
  the cap reflects how the member states want to spend their money - the eu is still inherently confederal , and it only acts and spends in areas where the member states delegate - look at how nations are the ones haggling over the budget . 
  oh come on , this ` accounts not being signed off on ' argument is bullshit . 
  there will always be corruption , the fact that the auditors are never satisfied means they set high expectations . 
  european spending is far from being riddled with corruption . 
  as for the agriculture argument , spending 0.5 % of european gdp on agriculture on farming seems excessive . 
  however stating that it is 44 % of the european budget is not a real argument . 
  it merely reflects the lack of other european competences , and farming off of responsibilities to national governments . 
  japan and south korea are quite racist and backwards in many cultural aspects . 
  norway , sweden , finland , netherlands , denmark are all up there competing i guess , in different respects . 
  it would be better for everyone if they could carry out these reforms * while * putting austerity on hold . 
  what needs to be done is a lot of stuctural reforms and a clamp down on tax evasion . 
  increasing taxes on the lower middle classes and working classes , while cutting essential spending will do nothing for the deficit , as the economy will just contract by as much . 
  the fat has been cut . 
  in europe , liberals are n't for a smaller state for the sake of a smaller state . 
  i would say they just have a greater focus on efficiency . 
  you seem to be some sort of american style libertarian . . meh . 
  i remember when i thought i had lost my passport while in tarragona , catalonia . 
  my first thought was that some israeli assassin would turn up with my name a few years later : /, 
   uk and ni passport uk * of gb and * ni . 
  :p not so complicated !, 
  the reason ireland 's not in it these days is mostly due to the northern irish border , and pre-existing travel arrangements . 
  yes and i hate bananas , but i do n't stop people eating them . 
  they have been known as the british isles since back before jesus . 
  remember that there is more than the uk and the the irish republic in the british isles too . 
  british has become synonymous with the uk due to their at one time complete control of these isles , and the fact that the largest island is called great britain . 
  i do agree that the english promoted the term british isles out of self interest but nonetheless , the british and irish isles is far too long winded when there is a perfectly usable term out there . 
  cue collective sigh of relief . 
  yeah i was thinking about 0.5 % , but if the idea has been refined to be lower then all is well !, 
  sounds like for the tax to have the intended effect it would want to be higher - nonetheless i welcome it . 
   when can we have this europe of variable geometries ? 
  because it is only possible to certain extents . 
  the uk has variable geometries ( three constituent countries , and london have different levels of devolved government ) , but if only 3/4 used the pound , 3/5 were part of a common military , 5/6 part of a common travel area , 2/3 part of a common policing area , 1/2 part of an immigration system , 1/3 part of a patent system - there would be massive problems . 
  and this is what hague and his ilk want for the eu . 
  an unworkable mess . 
  in all fairness though , states can implement these things if they wish themselves !, 
  estonia is not just ahead of america , but much of europe too . 
  their system sounds really advanced , i am very jealous of it . 
  i presume the author means europe in the same way people say america . 
  context i guess , can be hard to tell but sure what harm . 
  in this context i would think europe = eu + associated states ( iceland , norway , etc ) . 
    really ? 
  you 'd legalize heroin and crystal meth ? 
   absolutely . 
  stop victimizing people with addiction problems and ruining their lives . 
  portugal stopping jailing their drug addicts and it is producing great results so far . 
  woah woah woah ... heroin and crystal meth are ** highly addictive toxic substances ** . 
  yes , drug users should be treated rather than victimised . 
  but allowing shops/pharamacies to sell heroin and crystal meth like they 're marijuana or cigarettes is extremely dangerous .
