  antidepressants work for so many people . 
   so the leading candidate is ` far-right leader marine le pen ' . 
  she would never win the run-off though , unless she was against hollande i suppose . 
  anyway i like hollande but i think the ps would be mad to let him run - macron or valls would be their best bets . 
  personally i would probably vote for the ps candidate ( especially given the recent liberalisation drive ) . 
   maybe in ireland , but that does n't surprise me in a country where people still desire to bash each others skull in over religion in 2016 . 
  if this is your level of understanding of ireland i 'm guessing you would n't support a referendum about anything involving us , as not only do you not have a clue about ukraine , but you seem to also think ireland is iraq . 
  in all fairness look at the arguments and level of understanding from / r/europe 's no voters . 
  then consider they are actually on a political forum and hence will be the smarter segment of the no vote . 
  let 's just stick to representative democracy . 
  honestly i did find it shocking that a dutch voter would think the current ukrainian government was n't elected . 
  any sympathy i had for the idea of referenda on such matters has evaporated . 
  unless people see required to take a short test on the issue before participating in a single issue referendum , i do n't see how it 's tenable . 
  this is n't something like acceding to the eu , it 's a minor treaty !, 
   entering a trade deal that is a loss is a stupid decision . 
  why ? 
  what if it benefits poor countries and helps them improve their future ? 
   and the current ukrainian government is not elected . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukrainian_parliamentary_election,_2014 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukrainian_presidential_election,_2014 if you 're confused by this i 'll assume you 're against the concept of direct democracy in such matters due to the public being poorly informed . 
   i have yet to hear what the netherlands would receive in return . 
  does every single action have to be transactional ? 
  how about at least trying to show russia they ca n't simply bully whomever they want , especially when an elected government asks us for our help . 
  i could n't imagine having the guts to that job . 
  rip , they probably saved many lives in their time . 
  yeah , i agree . 
  weakness is exploited as leverage by russia . 
  do you think putin would have invaded crimea if he thought there was a risk of his unidentified little green men having to deal with a rapidly deployed european force ? 
  unfortunately easy access to information does not mean the public are well informed - people only have so much time , the media can only be slightly regulated , and people are only so smart . 
  we 've all probably seen this video , but hans rosling gives a good outline of how ill-informed we are : http://youtu.be/sm5xf-uygdg, 
  well in all fairness russia has only become a big threat again recently . 
  the issue is that now we 're failing to respond . 
  cutting defence spending was prudent , even if i think it went much foo far . 
  also the air force fact was in the context of a devastated europe and asia with sweden being the only untouched highly industrialised country apart from switzerland . 
  sure , it 's just that a local planning issue should not be turned into an outright ban in the constitution of a federation !, 
  they ended up having a ban on minarets in their * federal constitution * . 
  not exactly a glowing recommendation of the system . 
  i 've been saying this for ages . 
  makes more sense than selling it to egypt for saudi money to me . 
  the death penalty was generally banned in countries despite public support for its continuation - indeed in the uk only recently has the majority turned against it . 
  politicians should lead , and govern with the population 's best interests at heart ( with their consent ) , not follow and give people what they want . 
  i think this person is still stuck in the 30s , leave them off . 
  the difference is interesting alright - vastly greater displacement for the british , and generally a more modern fleet too . 
  hopefully germany takes more responsibility in this regard , they would do well to buy a mistral , and certainly some fremms ( or type 45s assuming brexit does n't occur ) . 
  we have representative democracy for a reason - europe would still have the death penalty if the public voted on single issues . 
  because there was no good reason to prevent it - spain for example had little issue as the referendum was agreed between the scottish and central governments . 
  scotland fulfills all the accession conditions by default . 
  i do n't really mind - things will equal out in due course . 
  like you might regret the accession of the v4 states given their euroscepticism , but the baltics ? 
  hardly . 
  that 's unfortunate , given that france has been working the hardest outside europe in this regard . 
  scotland certainly would n't have been left in limbo outside the union . 
  but sure , they should n't get the uk 's opt outs . 
   the people of libya should 've been able to self-determine there government well ... that 's what happened . 
   but i ca n't see them being worse then shipping a bunch of men , women and children on small , overcrowded dinghies with the profits going into the palms of people smugglers . 
  was that worth lockerbie and all that ? 
  after the invasion of iraq we tried to get him to integrate into the global community and stop being a pariah but that was n't too successful . 
  maybe he should n't have pulled decades worth of shit then and been a totalitarian dictator . 
  surely mediterranean states should be europe 's problem , not america 's ? 
  anyway the libya issue would 've been far worse if gaddafi 's demise was n't catalysed , crazy how little support he had , total lunatic i suppose . 
  i would say the scottish secession would have had far less consequences , as scotland would have remained in the eu . 
  this is much more important and rightfully is getting attention from outside europe . 
  how ? 
  well clearly pis have no place in the epp - how on earth is fidesz still hanging in there ? 
  so would you like a constitutional amendment that allows the european government to call new elections in a member state ? 
  there 's little that can be done apart from suspending funds and voting rights . 
  constitutions limit the ability of democracies to turn into autocracies or to engage in tyranny of the majority . 
  either change the european constitution or secede if that 's what you want ( and let 's face it , no one is going to ratify such a treaty ) . 
  yes , the european union truly is dominated by socialism . 
  i mean socialists are in power in greece !, 
  that 's a whole member state . 
  and look how socialist they have been . 
  i do n't get how all butthurt pis poles manage to act the same . 
  you 're damaging your country , which is a shame as people have really developed such a positive opinion of poland over the last decade . 
  it 's worrying too , as his consistent opposition to ftas is feeding into a xenophobic narrative of foreigners `` stealing '' our jobs . 
  trump is heavily capitalising on this . 
  yeah , apparently the commission majority is n't democracy . 
  the greens are free to try to cobble together a majority next election . 
  * cough * / r/juncker mind you that was more rude than the friendly banter he exudes . 
  but context is everything i suppose , so long as there 's some mutual respect behind the gestures . 
  you do n't know who verhofstadt is ? 
  i mean if you 're subscribed to / r/europe surely you follow politics to some degree . 
  not trying to be rude here , but the commonwealth has about 4 times our population , with a gdp per capita less than a fifth of ours - thus is the european union not a more realistic market , with our 510 million citizens , than india or nigeria and so on which have economies smaller than germany 's and spain 's respectively ? 
  besides , the uk is currently an integral part of the european economy . 
  there is no prospect of a commonwealth economy . 
  if there was , india and nigeria would have a majority of votes and could write all the laws together . 
  also , that source is really shit : it uses the eurozone , and the 1973 composition of the eu - that 's leaving out some 150-200 million citizens !, 
  well the imf should not be expected to take a real terms haircut on its loans , it 's job is generally supposed to be about helping developing countries , not countries like greece . 
  this is europe 's responsibility , we 're the world 's largest economy and have a decent gdp per capita . 
  very few people in europe want open borders , people moaning about `` fortress europe '' are very much in the minority . 
  you can think that europe both needs strong borders , and should help deal with a massive humanitarian crisis on its doorstep , without any cognitive dissonance . 
  yeah , but you 'd wonder on how that breaks down with non-foreign nationals of immigrant background , european migrants , and then recent immigrants from more diverse non-eu backgrounds . 
  it 's an issue one should be aware of but i 'd be surprised if there 'd be much of an impact , if any on this sort of map . 
  we have loads of such places !, 
  the issue is one of magnitude : why do we still appear to be less innovative than the us as a whole ? 
  sd have a very dark background , so they 're going to have to work harder to moderate their message . 
  same issue the fn had but marine le pen has done a lot on that front , sd has n't really gone far enough . 
  yeah , europe does n't have a silicon valley , which is really unfortunate . 
  of course we do have a lot of successful startups but not at the volume the us has . 
  i 'm not exactly sure what needs to change for this to happen - but i think it 's sad that for every skype there seems to be 5 tinders , even though we have probably more human capital than the us . 
  tbh i would 've thought that sweden ( as an eu state ) would be one of europe 's best bets to host our silicon valley analogue , but maybe i was wrong .
