  things still turned out shitty . 
  the conditions were bad , the results were bad . 
  i 'm sure we can find a reason to blame the bosnians too . 
  it 's their culture !, 
  they refuse education !, 
  they are muslim/catholic blah blah blah . 
  you put people in shitty situations , and most will get stuck in them . 
  just look at what has happened to us cities . 
  ghettos generally cause tons of problems . 
  it 's best to disperse people out , having a few social housing units in as many areas as possible . 
   for example , unlike the schools in finland , which channel more resources to the neediest kids , america funds its schools through property taxes , ensuring the most disadvantaged students are warehoused together in the worst schools . 
  i think this is basically the main reason for us educational issues . 
  anyway , in ireland we do n't as such have different types of schools like much of europe does - everyone does the standard end of secondary school exam , the results of different subjects are added up and thus decide entry to various courses in third level education . 
  it sounds like poland has just moved more towards this single tier system . 
  this article does n't really say how we get children to think - no calculators ? 
  sure , but there is a need for practicality too i think . 
  students should be able to multiply 7 x 13 in their heads , but 143.5 ( sincos2 ( 10 \u00b0 ) ) ? 
  i think not . 
  tl ; dr , i do n't feel like this article tells us anything at all . 
  the lower middle class . 
  i have that on my washing machine , it 's only about a year old however . 
  a catalan i knew complained quite a bit about toll roads in catalunya , saying that other places were n't half as bad . 
  i did n't notice any in andalusia anyway . 
  i do n't disagree with tolls , but the pricing should be reasonable , and method of utilisation as convenient as possible . 
  i 'd class the eu as a confederation , then again i 'm no lawyer . 
  did i suggest we should have boots on the ground ? 
  i did n't even say i supported a unilateral attack , merely the preparations . 
  oh i 'm just wondering , maybe his constituents might think differently , judging by the stories one reads in the press . 
  he could be all for giving zambians and jamaicans free access to the british labour market as far as i know . 
  indeed !, 
  however , israel has n't killed one hundred thousand palestinians , have they ? 
  wow . 
  what a stunning analysis . 
  perhaps we should go back to doing the voting for them eh ? 
  regarding 9/11 , the concessions russia offered did not come long after the action they had taken in chechnya . 
  rather understandable that they were left out in the cold . 
  as for libya , i suppose that it was deduced that the best way to protect civilians was to expand rebel controlled areas , which mutated into unilateral support as they proved to be rather decent . 
  gadaffi had also become rather close to the west post 9/11 , italy would have been much closer than russia , yet in the end they let their bases be used . 
  humanitarian intervention sometimes involves overthrowing governments as such . 
  i doubt that will happen in this case though , assad 's forces are much stronger than gadaffi 's were . 
  as for the charter , state sovereignty should not be used as an excuse to commit grave crimes against humanity . 
  the commonwealth is not britain 's . 
  it has rules and regulations , which is why countries get suspended from it . 
  kenya and bangladesh are functioning democracies , are they not ? 
  ugh , there 's no need to troll / r/europe , there is enough issues as is . 
  are n't you american ? 
   i 'm not sure i understand what you mean here . 
  could you clarify ? 
  ( sorry if i 'm just being a bit slow with this one ) what i am getting at is that while china seems to just back russia up and favour non-intervention , russia is much more , well malicious . 
  and they will never give the go ahead for action . 
  for two-three years we have seen this , russia has stalled and stopped almost all action . 
  in the meantime , they have been giving assad the best of weaponary . 
  i would much rather broad based international support , than a simple un security council resolution . 
  well , iraq was n't in civil war at the time . 
  any intervention in iraq should have been pursued in the early 90s - but it was n't . 
  after iraq i would have agreed with you regarding security council authorisation , however as long as russia has a veto , i can not hold such a position with a clear conscience . 
  i wonder if he extends those feelings towards kenyans and bangladeshis ? 
  i fully support this sabre rattling and preparations for a strike . 
  if this is what it takes to get assad into negotiations , it must be done . 
  kosovo did n't have un authorisation either . 
  this is the fault of russia 's veto , not the west . 
   use your brain you idiot  now go suck on a lemon now now , be nice . 
  and it 's entirely plausible that it was some stupid commander who launched the chemical weapons , without central government permission , i do n't disagree with that . 
   these `` plans '' were done before the chemical weapons attack in syria good god , i have enough faith in the british military to assume that they had some sort of plan ready . 
  also ` false flag ' , how informed and edgy . 
  ah right , that makes sense . 
  i 'd upvoted him before so i had presumed he was just trying to hear out / u/somus . 
  i 'm neither a communist nor a socialist . 
  there are plenty of conservatives who do n't feel the need to be horribly racist , anti-semetic , etc. 
  how can you justify this guys opinions ? 
  i 'm dead serious . 
  i ca n't believe this subreddit upvotes shit like this guy . 
  ah , well maybe they wish to be recognised as inferior subhuman slavs , so the tatars and other assorted ethnic groups can rule over them ? 
  but you are a bigot and a racist ? 
  calling me out for accusing you is a classic tactic . 
  anyway , i just hope you get the help you need . 
  yeah , i mean are n't finns dirty mongoloid invaders ? 
  or something . 
  i do n't really keep up with these lunatics ' contradictions . 
   cultural marxism why do i always hear this being screamed by racist people ? 
  it 's mentioned in about every third sentence on stormfront . 
  also , reddit is also a bastion of women haters , racists , anti-semites , and even just plain old american style libertarians , who really are far more dangerous than a bunch of people theorising about anarchism . 
  edit : after reading your comment history i see anti-semitism , islamaphobia , and general immigrant hate . 
  yea , you 're more dangerous than some ` liberal ' , sorry mate . 
  did i mention rape victim blaming and thinking blacks are savages ? 
  looks like i almost forgot . 
  why are n't they taken more seriously ? 
  those ethnic motivated killings that the police basically ignored were very disturbing . 
  yeah i agree with this . 
  in particular for sweden , which spends quite a bit on aid , yet receives a large amount of asylum requests for its population . 
  i 'd much rather see a european system , so things can be spread out and coordinated . 
   i do n't understand why you would think a politician 's impotence is caused by lack of charisma . 
  i suppose , in the idea that the politician leads the population , instead of being lead by it . 
  to me , merkel seems like a woman who merely panders to public opinion , instead of actually bringing about some change . 
   however , i 'm certain that rt is much more biased than western media exactly !, 
  many people on the internet seem to feel that just because the western media has it 's biases , that rt is somehow ok , or even superior . 
  it is little more than a propaganda mouthpiece for the federal russian government . 
  the guardian , le monde , new york times , etc , are not biased in this way . 
  the bbc is n't , france 24 is n't , etc. 
  the bias of rt outdoes most other mainstream outlets with ease .
