   international relations are a game of compromise in many respects yes - but be wary of the golden mean fallacy . 
  that would tell us that maybe we 're both more or less equally right on ukraine , and equally wrong - so maybe ukraine ca n't join the eurasian economic community , but russia can keep crimea and its puppet republics in the donbass . 
  there has been way too much compromise when you look at the numbers , and when you look at the reasons there might be for compromise ( do ukrainians want to be under the russian yoke ? 
  maybe crimeans do but the rest of ukraine certainly does n't ) . 
  it 's not 1956 . 
  there is n't some big socialist bloc against an equally sized western bloc . 
  the eu 's economy is 10 times the size of russia . 
  we have nearly 4 times the population . 
  well perhaps . 
  it 's just that putin works on the basis of leveraging western weakness . 
  obama 's `` red line '' disaster over syria showed putin that the west would back down where it could . 
  i think he was quite good for the us , but unfortunately was not able to forceful enough on the russia/syria front . 
  still , that should n't be the us 's problem in the first place , the ideological cold war is over . 
  this is the big problem with saying people died - there 's a poster stating that more americans die each year due to smoking than died in wwii . 
  the thing is , those wwii casualties were mostly between 18-35 . 
  those dead smokers died in their 60s and 70s . 
  dalys ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/disability-adjusted_life_year ) are a much better indicator of what needs to be addressed . 
  people have to die at some point . 
  respiratory illnesses are a major source of dalys however . 
  the sinophilia of the tories is really worrying me if the uk remains in the eu . 
  the fact that it 's occurring given the hk situation is quite sad . 
  still , i understand it , and perhaps it 's good to turn a blind eye in the hope of positive change that might be derailed by antagonism . 
  i 'm just not convinced it will . 
  god this meme of blaming america for the syrian refugee situation is incredibly annoying . 
  i think a big part is that it rests on the faulty assumption that isis is the main thing spurring an exodus which is a testament to how badly informed people are , not that we can expect them to be but it goes to show why politicians should act based on the facts , not what the public believes . 
   nato would station 4,000 troops in poland and the baltic states , the wall street journal reported on friday . 
  the united states is likely to provide two battalions , germany and britain one each . 
  great to see a german contribution ( and of course british , but that 's not surprising ) . 
  i know lots of us ( including myself ) , complain about german idleness when it 's the largest state , not like they have the overseas commitments that france has , so good to see . 
  so what your saying is that your state is more dangerous than most of europe , yet is one of the least homicidal ? 
  idaho is still more dangerous than what most of us are used to . 
  1964 never forget . 
  that 's why there needs to be tens of thousands of german troops actually on the borders to ensure an obligation is induced . 
  hundreds of billions were hardly stolen . 
  billions maybe . 
  no need for hyperbole when things look bad enough without it . 
  hold on to some territory maybe , but not the whole country . 
  the intervention saved a lot of lives and quickly ended what could have been a much worse conflict . 
  of course things still went to shit , but it 's hard to argue sitting on our hands would have had a better outcome . 
  if you read the article you 'll see $ 300m is also budgeted for building charging infrastructure in cities and motorway stops . 
  yeah but i suppose if we 're to make electric cars affordable for most people production has to increase . 
  you can create incentives both by increasing carbon taxes and increasing subsidies . 
  oh i agree , they should n't have been flying over there , but the planes taken down were at much lower altitudes than commercial airliners . 
  because the airspace above that was supposed to be safe . 
  the rebels were n't supposed to have buks or the capacities to operate them . 
  after all , ukraine was informed no russian forces were involved , by russia . 
   are you done moving the goalpost ? 
  how did i move the goalpost ? 
  you are right in that the us failed with their red lines , as i said . 
  my point was it should be europe taking the lead in the first place . 
  it was n't the invasion of iraq that caused the assad regime to take the harshest route possible when dealing with the protests - you ca n't blame the us for that . 
  the regime started the civil war and have fought in an extreme manner , as we saw with the sarin attacks , and constant barrel bombing of civilian areas that can not be excused as collateral damage . 
  the bulk of refugees/idps are fleeing regime forces . 
  ultimately syria is a mediterranean state - we ca n't complain about the us being the world police then fail to police problems a few hundred kilometres away , especially when russia is implicated . 
  this thread is really pathetic . 
  so many of us throwing tantrums . 
  obama is perfectly within his rights to make those comments . 
  do n't mind a few petulant commenters who likely struggle with any form of cooperation on a daily basis . 
  most european states ( bar the uk and france ) ignored the crisis for years until it affected them . 
  this is n't simply about refugees . 
  it 's about ensuring stability in the mediterranean , which is not only morally right , but in our interest , as we see with the refugee crisis . 
  the us should n't have been expected to lead in syria . 
  and we saw how that ended up . 
  the failed `` red lines '' emboldened russia and assad and months later we saw the invasion of ukraine . 
  yet today we still fail to fund refugee/idp camps . 
  rations are cut , children are n't in school , the syrian regime can act with impunity . 
  this is not in europe 's interest . 
  how is obama wrong here ? 
  we have to take a greater burden of responsibility , certainly if we do n't want to deal with refugees personally . 
  that your concerns should perhaps start with yourself . 
  and you 're worried about immigrants being intolerant apparently ? 
  there 's no reason we could n't spend higher on both by increasing taxes on the upper middle classes instead of expecting them to consume more for no real reason . 
  you can only replace your kitchen so much . 
  or a pathogen ... 
  in all fairness that area is n't a kurdish region . 
  so it makes sense in that regard . 
  the us have been working to separate them ( hence the sdf and such ) , but they 're still very much linked . 
  shame turkey threw away a peace process that had potential . 
  i said this in my opening post - turkey have their kurd related reasons . 
  however , they could have done this unilaterally . 
  they did n't . 
  they want western cooperation . 
  that gives us leverage to prevent this . 
  lest we forget , the us is sending arms to the syrian kurds . 
  they even built an airstrip . 
  what turkey hates is the pkk . 
  that 's why we 've seen the us go to various lengths to get them to disassociate on paper ( the reality is very different ) . 
  anyhow , turkey has every reason to want to keep those fleeing conflict out of turkey - so they do have genuine reason to want such a zone . 
  unfortunately they are a pkk group . 
  you may not like the turkish government but this is easy to understand . 
  it 's a shame tbh the turks did n't allow for a kurdish state after the collapse of the ottoman state , but it 's nearly 100 years later . 
  the kurds are a major akp constituency in fact . 
  politicians are supposed to be elected by the public to lead them . 
  merkel is n't a terrible politician but she prefers to follow opinion - look at her nuclear policy after fukushima . 
  still , let 's see if we see greece getting some real debt forgiveness and such . 
  germany was not the harshest player in the greece saga , just the largest of the tough euro members . 
  i wonder if we 'll see some real movement despite public opinion on her part . 
  personally i 'd give more credit to putin for personally doing his best to destroy germany 's tendency to sympathise with russia . 
  that and the worry of a continuing stream of refugees joined by random migrants is what is allowing her to change tack . 
  this means some level of intervention is much more likely as the realisation is setting in that russia and their syrian proxies ca n't be trusted .
