  winning 85 % of the vote is never easy when one crushes opposition and stuffs ballot boxes after all . 
  in all seriousness , the situation in azerbaijan seems to be analogous to russia , there is genuine popularity due to growth and propaganda , but also vote rigging and oppression . 
  you see , it 's kinda hard to provide for yourselves when you are left with three or four doctors and engineers per million people , because all the people who were trained were n't the colonials . 
  some of the better equipped ones have done better , eg ghana or kenya , it really depends on various factors . 
  mercantilism . 
  sure , they mined the ore there , and picked the tea leaves . 
  but where were those turned into usable products ? 
  the colonising country . 
  what do you expect them to do , kidnap david cameron ? 
  i 'm sure they 'll vote along the lines of their opinions . 
  jesus , greece is very high . 
  is the stench bad in workplaces ? 
  it 's just another boogeyman . 
  people love to find groups to hate . 
  the issue is second hand smoke - people hurting themselves is fine , the actual issue with smoking is that it damages the health of others . 
  gadaffi proposed to purposefully flood europe with sub-saharan refugees , crazy stuff . 
   we 've been dishing out economic aid to africa for decades it must be noted that aid has decreased since the early 90s , a lot of the work has paid off . 
  well , i do n't support a lot of what they do , but this is important . 
  and in russia , there are few ways to get such attention . 
  how times have changed , eh ? 
  it 's one of these people who are trying to get us in hysterics over being ` invaded ' or something , heh . 
  europe has had enough population transfers , ethnic cleansing , and redrawing of borders to last a thousand years . 
  the jews were killed , anatolia removed of greeks and armenians and greece removed of turks , the germans removed , the russians settled in the baltics , cyprus divided , and of course , what has already happened in yugoslavia . 
  the solution to people not being able to live together is not to build walls between them . 
  it is to get them to change . 
  eh , democracy is far more representative , even if the military is conscript . 
  and every coup damages democracy . 
  look at what happened in france during the algerian war . 
  hmm , well i just hope we see more reforms . 
  a lot of these reforms are small in relative terms . 
  double standards as ever , abound . 
  the systemic eradication of minority languages in france has always shocked me , my knowledge about italy is not so good but i believe the extermination was halfway thorough there too . 
  you 're hoping thus that a coup occurs ? 
  coups should n't be happening in modern european democracies , even if they are heavily flawed . 
  the manner of the trials were far from perfect , and somewhat dodgy even , but i would imagine the basis was real . 
  also i think it must be recognised that 9 decades as a seperate state , and the legacy of its own , has created a somewhat distinct national identity , as loath as many may be to admit it . 
  ah yes , but what do we do about the irish sea then ? 
  i always thought getting our own see was an alright price to pay tbh . 
   i find british isles a somewhat useful term yeah , that 's what i like about it . 
  i 'll be fucked if i start calling my islands the ` north west atlantic archipelago ' . 
  you can obviously be any nationality and any religion at the same time , sure . 
  i was talking about this with an sdlp mla once , in my opinion , the more people that describe themselves as northern irish first the better . 
  it 's a big part of moving the country forward , feeling that it * is * yours . 
   rabies in bats is painted green posnania posted this within seconds of you , heh . 
  you know , i do n't really disagree with you at all . 
  but the whole `` occupation !!, 
  ! 11 '' thing gets stale after a while . 
  i mean , ireland claimed northern ireland in its constitution , plenty here said the place was ` occupied '' . 
  well you know , the whole trying to unite with greece thing back in the day , what with the coup and all . 
  i do n't think the blame is equal , the whole settlers thing really is quite an issue . 
  but both sides have to bare hefty responsibility . 
  why did n't britain give up ? 
  when you were excluded from a group , did you just give up ? 
  that is the logic of a bully right there . 
   more importantly , if it did everything and accepted the ottoman genocides would it be allowed in without controversy ? 
  i doubt it . 
  exactly , these are all bullshit excuses . 
  excuses used by many national european governments to prevent accession . 
  the same thing was done to britain , by france , but it 's been a lot more effective this time . 
  we both know the blame lies on both sides ( although i would n't say equally ) . 
  while the annan plan was not particularly fair , everyone else agreed to it , bar the greek cypriots . 
  i certainly wish they 'd acknowledge the deliberate scale of the armenian genocide , however they are far from the only colonial power with blood on their hands . 
  why not ? 
  every country in europe should be able to join if they fulfill the conditions . 
  this is n't some sort of international version of the `` no-homers club '' . 
  an awful amount of people still spend the night sleeping rough . 
  of course , it 's not as bad as in the us , but not everyone has shelter , or feel they can use it . 
  that 's disgusting . 
  way too much , it 's crazy . 
  i remember being disappointed i * only * got like 150 quid . 
  that was ridiculous money for me to get , but others were getting twice , thrice that . 
  yeah , but then try being black in ukraine . 
  it 's just in relative terms . 
  try being gay in ohio . 
  now try it in ukraine . 
  try doing something without bribery in texas . 
  now try it in ukraine . 
  and so on . 
  i 'm sure things will improve , but right now , there is a contrast to be observed . 
  ah i was just wondering about the caveat , did it just apply to czech girls , is what i was thinking . 
  and nothing wrong with them if they are attractive , 
   if the girl is n't fat she 's usually very pretty what if they are ? 
  if one looks closely at certain people on reddit , they will often claim to be ' * joking * ' , despite post histories indicating clear and extreme hate . 
  gross simplification . 
  these are all far more civilised than russia , or ukraine , even if they do n't have the death penalty . 
  sure , it makes them less civilised , but * un * civilised ? 
  there are few uncivilised places in this world today , just varying degrees of civility . 
   edit : according to the `` census '' , only 29 % of the catholics go to church at least once a month . 
  that rate strikes me as somewhat high . 
  it 's very simplified , i do realise that . 
  but what i said is not wrong , the resistance was all but non existent , the free french had to use force in africa to get control of several colonies , and so on . 
   the jews was very much a contributing and well-integrated part of german society you 're forgetting that the jews caused the financial crash and caused everything . 
  of course , that statement is only slightly true ( and there obviously was no conspiracy ) , but that 's what people felt , and they could point to examples . 
  they were painted as the manipulators , even though many lived in poverty . 
  the jews were seen as christ killers , thieves ( maybe just not directly from one 's wallet ) , rapists , etc. 
  they were dehumanised . 
  yeah , i do n't get this deportation idea . 
  where do you send them , back to india ? 
  hitler wanted to deport the jews to madagascar ... 
  indo european language ?
