  however allowing a method of changing the constitutional basis of the eu via referendum rather than solely by treaties being ratified by every national parliament would be excellent . 
  no they 're not . 
  isis is a much more recent phenomenon than the arab spring or syrian civil war . 
   the regime is bad because the syrian society is bad . 
  this implies that the people of syria deserve a totalitarian government , one that rewrites history , tortures , butchers and erases dissenters , levels cities , and now has taken the hardest line possible in a civil war they caused . 
  please edit your previous post then . 
  it is incredibly cruel to state that the population deserved such a regime . 
  did you not read the express article about the secret european army ? 
  whelp , too late now . 
  if only the sheeple had listened !, 
  if the place is bad , how come neither jordan or lebanon have such a horrid regime ? 
  the link is not the people , but totalitarian ba'athism . 
  stop victim-blaming . 
  i only ever saw civilised croissants in london , but maybe this straight croissant scourge is a problem outside the capital . 
  time to send in the tanks , methinks . 
  and maybe if one of the world 's most totalitarian regimes treated its population with dignity ? 
  which will turn into a shitshow as they take over more and more arab areas . 
  let 's hope we do n't see more ethnic cleansing . 
  to be fair given the population of the ex-socialist eu states 2 of the top 20 is pretty reasonable . 
  we 're looking at a stable population for the next few decades . 
  hardly erasing ourselves , we 're not japan . 
  but certainly , 20 % of the global population to < 5 % will be a big drop in relative terms , even if in real terms there wo n't be a decrease . 
  how did i ? 
  my point is that such `` feeling '' would logically extend to far , far , far more people than a white south african 92 year old . 
  heh , i knew this would happen as soon as i came into this thread . 
  most irish people prefer to be succinct and use the convenient british isles rather than stirring shit , but shit stirrers are always at home on the internet . 
  it makes sense to have two different jets does n't it ? 
  right now i think europe should focus on purchasing f-35s and eurofighters . 
  if we want a 5th gen fighter every eu country needs to be funding a programme , and there needs to be plans to purchase  1000 planes over decades . 
  otherwise we get stuck with the eurofighter/dassault rafale situation , desperately trying to sell anyone and everyone them to keep production lines running . 
   the elephant in the room is that the majority of ethnic british people inevitably feel some kind of racial/cultural/historical kinship with the white people of the former colonies , and view them as an extended family of their country . 
  so basically anyone who was sufficiently europeanised ? 
  so blacks from caribbean countries would be able to remain in the country as an illegal immigrant if sufficiently old ? 
  ethnic chinese from australia ? 
  it would be tolerating illegality and simply not deporting them surely ? 
  but wo n't these people pose a huge health burden etc ? 
  west africans who fought for the french would feel understandably entitled to also illegally immigrate . 
  my point is , your relatives being on the same side of a war 75 years ago is n't a good enough reason to tolerate illegal immigration for that person , but not for other people . 
  you need consistency . 
  so should we allow tens of millions of indians to illegally immigrate on that basis , that their parents/grandparents fought for britain ? 
  a no-fly zone * against * the assad regime would make sense . 
  her idea of one as part of an agreement makes less sense but is n't ridiculous , the regime wo n't agree to that though . 
  an nfz four years ago would have done so much to reduce the intensity of the conflict and protect civilians . 
  i hope europe learns some valuable lessons here - we left it too late to stop a shitshow on our borders again ( bosnia - never again ? 
  ) , and this time the russians have went in meaning we ca n't even go in `` too late '' . 
  as the largest state , germany bears the most responsibility in this regard . 
  at least france and the uk tried to take some penal measures in 2013 that would 've forced assad - who is responsible for most of the deaths and displaced people - to the negotiating table in a real way . 
  sure , but they planned to leave some slavic survivors ( from about 50 % of czechs to closer to 10 % of east slavs ) , whereas all jews were to be exterminated ( of course it was jewish ethnicity rather than religion ) . 
  when you compare the percentage of polish jewish survivors vs polish who were ethnic poles , things become pretty clear . 
  i 'm pretty sure at least twice as many polish jews for example were killed in auschwitz as polish poles , despite being outnumber 10:1 in the population ( ie a 20x higher rate in that instance ) . 
   a stable government . 
  gadaffi could n't even keep the support of his own military . 
  what fantasy land is this ? 
  the us federal government were able put in place restrictions rapidly when this became an issue ( within a few weeks iirc ) . 
  why does n't the european commission have this sort of executive power ? 
  it could always be put to a parliament/council vote if the measures persist longer than say , 6 months . 
  why ration with waiting lists when you can ration with money ? 
  depends where they are . 
  the iraqis returning are n't from wartorn areas . 
  there are lots of idps in iraq - the smart move would be to fund the iraqi federal govt , and krg in particular , which are running huge deficits due to the oil crash and ca n't afford to look after all the idps . 
  indeed . 
  this is putin we 're dealing with . 
    putin 's aim is to foster the eu 's disintegration , and the best way to do so is to flood europe with syrian refugees . 
   i think that a rather-large and not-justified-in-the-article jump has been made from `` russia bombing in syria causes pressures on the eu '' to `` putin * planned * to cause pressure on the eu by bombing in syria '' . 
  if you read the article soros agrees with you - he does n't believe this was putin 's original plan , but an opportunity that presented itself post-intervention . 
  this is why representative democracy is safer in general - single issue votes regular get derailed here too . 
  we 're not having much trouble spotting the idiot mate . 
  there was no single market before political union ... 
  so it begins . 
   what about our eastern border ? 
  should we send soldiers under our command to the polish border with , say , ukraine ? 
  that must be fun i 'm pretty sure this is something the border states would actually really appreciate ... 
  we 're all european , what 's should be the issue ? 
  erm , thanks ? 
   sending everyone that does n't flee from a active war zone directly home . 
  i would upvote you bar this - there are plenty of people with genuine claims from places without war . 
  but most west africans for example do n't fall into this category . 
  they should never be left out of processing centres into europe proper giving how they are most likely just looking to immigrate for economic purposes . 
   it has nothing to do with the current refugee crisis . 
  it does though , the situation was alright before , certainly better than what we see with the us or what have you . 
  but you are right , i agree that it should never have been left to the border states , not very fair . 
   the new outer border still needs to be protected . 
  we had frontex . 
  the problem is that due to the confederal nature of the european government , any european governmental response is difficult , and coordination to achieve a state led response is likewise difficult . 
  there should have been options for a faster response system , but this crisis is the worst since wwii ... and well there is n't a world war going on . 
  goddammit i hate that `` merkel invitation '' meme , it 's so mentally lazy . 
  a european deployment would make sense to provide extra manpower to the greeks , germany is the most populous state and has much smaller commitments than france , so i would like to see germany take the lead . 
  greece is completely overwhelmed right now . 
  but in general a common border force - and common funding as schauble has suggested , is needed , whether we use troops or not . 
  from what i saw a lot of the time sons were sent off to get a foothold to bring the rest of their families - either through family reunification or by working to afford to traffic their families over . 
  if knowledge regarding family reunification being tightened up is spreading this could explain the demographic change . 
  yeah , that 's exactly the sort of thing i was thinking about . 
  that sort of thing would certainly make sense . 
  i also wondered if it might 've been harder for those in the eastern bloc to get recognised too , but i do n't know how much of a factor that could be . 
  is that really what i was doing ? 
  some of the bravest attempts to save jews happened in poland . 
  i 'm just giving context . 
  given that 1 in 10 polish people at the time were jewish , and the entire country was occupied by the nazis you 'd expect poland to be near the top of the list nearly be default , there were a lot of polish jews that needed saving . 
  otoh , the high rates for say , belgium and other such countries are interesting , they did n't have the amount of jews per capita as former commonwealth areas and places near them . 
   the municipality of copenhagen kept paying rent , so that when the danish jews returned , many simply moved back to their old place .
