  many people here in europe get angry over perfectly legal immigrants , or even different ethnic groups with a multi-generational presence . 
  apart from the more fascist parties basically ( the front nationals of europe are worse than 95 % of the republicans , let 's not beat around the bush here ) , that 's pretty true . 
  how many right wing european politicians advocate us style healthcare for example ? 
  different countries to have different systems , but it seems to me left in brazil , europe , even japan is pretty similar , as is right , it 's in the us where things have gone off kilter . 
  do you seriously think grillo and berlusconi are better than monti ? 
  monti may have made mistakes , but at least he can make proper decisions and knows his stuff . 
  anywhere , so long as it is in blood . 
  makes you strong like bull . 
  if its anything like the sound of music you can count me in too . 
  minus the nazis of course . 
  a german not getting a joke ? 
  say it ai n't so george , say it ai n't so :p, 
  ah i 'm sure they taste fine really , and that 's the mane thing . 
  taxing fuel highly seems less insane than very low taxes like they have in the us , or even subsidisation like in venezuela . 
  i 'm going to go ahead and nominate frisiandude , according to search he has n't been nominated yet , which is a shame . 
  he makes decent level headed opinions , responds to somewhat provocative posts quite well , has an excellent command of english , and i think he is mature enough for the job . 
  ah god lads . 
  this is n't on . 
  among other things . 
  hopefully we can work with the serbs to fix them nonetheless . 
  with that argument we would still be using telephone lines for internet , have trains with a top speed of 80km/h and drive on shitty roads . 
  the uk , like every european country , has poverty . 
  that does n't mean we ca n't spend in other areas . 
  i do n't find this troll funny if i 'm honest . 
  ufrustratedbro/txampion , now there is a funny troll . 
  well not the uk , but her constituency . 
  lots of states have list based pr , ireland has multi-seat constituency single transferable vote pr . 
  with list systems to personalities are less important . 
  do n't forget about the public service pay negotiations . 
  i do recall something , but clearly it did not stick , as the reporting was minimal . 
  the whole situation leaves a bad taste in one 's mouth . 
  is this true ? 
  i did n't even hear . 
  that 's pretty awful . 
  at least much of africa is making decent progress nonetheless , in relative terms . 
  heh , looking at history , i do find the comparisons between the way people viewed catholics in the past and muslims today quite amusing . 
  the catholics had ' 5 or 6 children , backward customs and would not act like sensible protestants ' . 
  i do n't see catholic minorities causing hassle in northern german states , britain etc. 
  it was mad to see things that way then , and it is now likewise . 
  well , western european countries . 
  one would be surprised these days ( or not so , i guess ) , to learn how fucked the uk was in the 70s . 
  british people would still be in the majority anyway , if one negates colour . 
  great for the old independent living . 
  no , you just keep getting downvoted because you are a bigoted racist , beanfart . 
  either way , the bank taking all three houses is ridiculous . 
  well the uk is europe 's third most populous and economically large country , so it does . 
  a lot of irish people would probably still get upset if our troops were under british command even when repelling an invasion of europe . 
  i think most people are somewhat more mature and pragmatic though . 
  there are irish troops heading off with the brits to mali too , presumably under british command as such . 
  in the sandbox ? 
  how do you mean . 
  i think irish politicians have matured to the level ( only 90 years , are n't we great ! ), 
  where having our forces being part of a larger british led force is fine . 
  i do n't really expect ireland to do the same , or want us too ( i think you guys do far more than most would of expect of you ) , but i just wish people could grow up a little here and see that we are not a neutral country and having a tiny military that does n't ever see combat is a bad idea . 
  i would imagine afghanistan is an unpopular intervention at this stage , what with its badly managed first few years , and the high casualty rate of danish forces . 
  denmark is a prime example i use to counter irish isolationists . 
  denmark should be very proud of it 's commitment and sacrifice , especially when compared to larger nations like italy , spain or germany . 
  i think its sad that you guys are left on your own like you are , its unfair for europe to leave denmark carry such a burden . 
  i would rather see increased fuel taxes instead of tax hikes and service/benefit cuts for lower earners . 
  it must be pointed out that ni receives a massive subsidy from the british treasury , which ireland simply can not provide ( considering the british economy is 12-14 times the size of ireland 's ) . 
  because germany is a glorious bundesrepublik of course . 
  bavaria has one too , if there is enough demand you can get your land 's flair . 
  i use opera , i am the 1 % ( or maybe something like 3 , meh ) . 
  if you are an atheist ` catholic ' you will be fine , as long as you go along with the whole shebang ( this is quite common ) , however for non - ` catholics ' things can actually be somewhat more restrictive . 
  the situation is bonkers . 
  i hope our minister for education gets half the schools out of catholic orbit at least . 
  yay ireland !, 
  wait a second ... 
  i wish these sorts would chain themselves to fossil fuel burning power plants and such , would be a far greater service to society . 
  russians , great bunch of lads . 
  i hate when horse gets in the wind , the government should really do something . 
  they wo n't be a member right now though . 
  talks now means membership by the late 2020s at the earliest , lets be honest . 
  no reason to think we ca n't help provide the impetus for turkey to improve over such a time frame . 
  i think south dublin and dun laoghaire-rathdown are stereotyped by the rest of the country of having tons of young men and women who have a father who is a partner in kpmg , and are disappointed that daddy only bought them a 2010 audi a5 for their 19th birthday . 
  damn eurocrats , regulating our food !, 
  and then , if you remove inner cities from europe , we too will have much less murders . 
  the problem is socioeconomic , and inner cities are the places where these socioeconomic problems coalesce and cause the problems . 
  the us failed to plan , and failed to create a social safety net . 
  that , and unrestricted access to guns . 
  one might think the 20th century social housing units we have in europe are problematic , one needs only look at the us to see how much worse things would be if these areas had been left as they were . 
  yeah , the only way a man can prove how big is dick is is by butchering animals for sport . 
  this is 2013 ... 
  this is actually a good question . 
  in malaysia , they have an [ elective monarchy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yang_di-pertuan_agong ) , as malaysia like europe is a union of different kingdoms . 
  the monarchs elect federal monarch every five years , it effectively is rotated through each kingdom . 
  9 out of the 13 states however have a hereditary ruler , the percentage would be less in europe . 
  the monarchy could be rotated between spain , uk , sweden , netherlands , belgium , denmark , and luxembourg . 
  that said , 7 out of 28 states would be quite contentious . 
  the idea of bullfighting seems barbaric to me . 
  increasing funding/tax breaks , and overturning regional bans , even more so . 
  just because the uk is the most populous of the hardliners on the budget does n't mean it is the only one . 
  looking through his post history , he seems to get confused that the president in a parliamentary ( non-executive-presidential ) democracy has basically no power . 
  i know i am out of line here , but why is this guy doing a political science major if he is getting stuck on shit like this . 
  yeah , i find this ridiculous . 
  i could easily do a model us if i spent a few hours researching . 
  italy dropping out of the eu - what is this guy reading ? 
  no offence , but christ . 
  off shore renewables are n't going to make much money really , unless one has a head in the clouds plan for making scotland a hub of renewable infrastructure industry . 
  i 'm not opposed to independence ( i am irish myself , i would think that if we were asked in 2014 we would likely vote to leave the union too if we had stayed ) , but it will not make things better economically .
