  because we all live on the same planet !, 
  we are all interconnected . 
  we can extend that logic to , why should we help our fellow eu states ? 
  why should we help our neighbouring province ? 
  why should that municipality get help from us ? 
  you ca n't just let things fall apart . 
  cooperation is what has gotten humanity so far , not letting people fight among themselves no matter what , be it because you think they are inferior , or be it because you think they do n't need help . 
  indeed , hence why a civil war was brought to a close far quicker than otherwise . 
  well , with our benefit of hindsight few will blame the majority of europe sitting out iraq . 
  quite frankly , france is stepping up here where other european countries have n't . 
  of course , they have their interests , but interests do n't necessarily mean one will have the reserve to take such action . 
  countries like mine are all too willing to sit back on their asses and do nothing . 
  now , ireland does make quite sizeable charitable contributions and such , so i 'll cut us some slack on the international commitment plan - but italy , what is their excuse ? 
  their libya commitment was pathetic , despite being right next door . 
  if we want to do these things without american involvement , or actually do them to avoid an unending bloodbath ( as in rwanda ) , we have to well , get our shit together . 
  it was an ethno-nationalist rebellion against an oppressive government when it began , it turned that way ( like syria ) , when that became the only source of funding , mat\u00e9riel and motivated men . 
  also , russia 's atrocities there were horrific , please do not forget grozny . 
  this selfie thing is such bullshit . 
  do we want our politicians to be robots ? 
  this is why people do n't want to enter politics . 
  the media makes an effort for it to be hellish . 
  she should be focused on for her political work , not being able to smile and enjoy herself , and obama and cameron should not be criticised for that likewise . 
  ca n't win , right ? 
  there is a correlation , it 's just more complex than some people like to think . 
  the linking factor tends to be education , and other such things as future prospects , eg security of retirement , ability to afford providing kids with an education ( which again links in with education ) , and so on . 
  ah , that is rather sad . 
  thank you for writing all that !, 
  i appreciate it , 
  feel free to tell me !, 
  i 'd love to learn more . 
  it just seems that said action probably is n't worse than the treatment they get in much of europe every day . 
  it seems to me they have been enabled to work hard by the good work of spanish governments . 
  perhaps other governments should decide to take some real positive steps forward . 
  what does that have to do with the european military position . . ? 
   first off surely most people here are against war ? 
  of course . 
  however there will always be people who us violence as a means to an end . 
  and if we ca n't respond in kind these people will make themselves others masters . 
  a bigger army * can * act as a deterrent . 
  of course , that is not always the case , but i think what people want is a more efficient military force , not necessarily much larger . 
  is it ? 
  certainly from my perspective it is n't . 
  they were somewhat dragged into libya by europe , having to help us . 
  there are of course the drone strikes , but that is n't really a military adventure of even the likes of say , grenada . 
  elsewhere , us forces are being drawn down in afghanistan post surge , and obviously iraq has been vacated . 
  yes , sure , numbers wise . 
  however , delve into the detail !, 
  the us has an * entirely * nuclear propelled submarine fleet !, 
  this is not the case for any european navy , most have no nuclear subs . 
  our aircraft carriers are pathetically sized compared to those of the us , even the one nuclear powered french carrier is quite small . 
  i think air force and navies are the most important things to unify - heavily capital costs , and low risk of death . 
  enforcing a no fly zone is a lot different risk wise to sending 10,000 troops on to the ground . 
  there is no point developing say , a class of ship , for hundreds of millions , then planning only 6 , canceling 3 , and only ending up with 2 . 
  we could certainly use more nuclear powered carriers , and other naval ships . 
  supercarriers ? 
  maybe not . 
  but the us seems to have a good system with it 's consistent development of a carrier every 5 or so years . 
  of course we should n't do that , but if we consider europe only has one nuclear powered carrier right now , things are n't too good . 
  they 're probably on about total gross debt , rather than simple the national debt . 
  mhmm , property tax ( which he did n't even have until last year !, 
  ) , is much more effective . 
  makes much more sense than further increasing income tax or vat . 
  of course , this is merely a primary surplus , there is still a rather large deficit to deal with . 
   have to disagree . 
  russia is a big country and has a shit load of resources , they just need to fix their population . 
  well yeah , you could say the same about canada , they just need to septuple their working age population , you could say it about australia too . 
  russia has resources , it has a relatively strong military and is a nuclear power . 
  that gives it clout . 
  it has economic influence insofar as it can stop purchasing things ( unilaterally by certain regulatory means ) , or exporting materials . 
  but that does n't mean it 's not a second rate power . 
  it very much is . 
  russia will not be able to compare to china , the us , or a more integrated european union . 
  not a chance . 
  in poland there are such views apparently . 
  there is a lot of anti-homosexual sentiment in the south-east too , the balkans , turkey , greece etc. 
  you 'd be surprised , we exist in a bubble to an extent . 
  `` fun '' , should never revolve around genuine mocking of a person who has done nothing wrong . 
  no need to be a sarcastic dick . 
  you 're part of the problem why people feel so bad about themselves . 
  indeed , but actual employment is also increasing . 
  so you 'd like no parliament ? 
  and people complain about a democratic deficit ... 
  well , ireland 's unemployment has been falling too , to be fair . 
  why should the latter issue matter ? 
  i mean , ukraine is far behind on the whole social development aspect too , compare their respective capital 's gay pride parades ... 
  not really . 
  british are by far the majority in london ( unsurprisingly ) , and whites are the majority too . 
  so the majority of people he 'd see would be english , even if they 're not a white . 
  it 's not like ukraine has any great chance of being in the eu at the moment - i mean look at the issues turkey has and it is quite a bit a head of it 's neighbour across the black sea . 
  that said , gaining access to european markets , european support and european aid should be a much better prospect than the russian alternative . 
  and hopefully in the years to come membership can become a prospect . 
  i 'm guessing they mostly exist on stormfront , seeing how evident it is that they have seen little of the uk itself . 
   root out radicals in the us government . 
  yes , in his book obama , who is basically a centre-rightist , well integrated with the establishment , is a radical . 
  nice try vityok . 
   it might have something to do with sweden mulling the idea of nato membership . 
  in all fairness , russia only proves the validity of such mulling . 
   ` protestors should not fight the police , unless the police use extreme measures , and even then i would still find it bad ' . 
  yes , that is my view . 
  this man with the chain - while we ca n't know the specifics , this looks like a provocation .
