  as a german , you should understand that the world has a duty to protect and take in refugees . 
  of course . 
  i 'm just pointing out the `` hurr durr christians compatible , muslims incompatible '' bullshit . 
  good to hear you 're in favour of our providing actual legal channels for refugees to be offered protection in europe . 
  indeed , this is the mindset of a growing segment of supposedly the most enlightened continent . 
  i 've always found it odd that those supposedly most terrified of islam have so much in common with the most extreme interpretations of it ( of course , they 're not really afraid of the religion , just of people being different ) . 
  however , the hard left refuse to offer solutions and deny there is a problem with integration and islam . 
  social democrats have failed to , by and large - but they 're certainly not as na\u00efve as the hard left , and mean well . 
  it 's up to liberals and centre-right conservatives to offer solutions , as they seem to be the only groups that both acknowledge the issue and have a shred of humanity and a sense of responsibility . 
  anyone who was around during the 80s might recall that maronites in lebanon tended towards fascism . 
  indeed , the discrimination is political tripe rather than anything geared towards reality . 
  i worked with a muslim who loved tiger beer ( vile stuff , each to their own ) , yet took the shitty late shifts from everyone during ramadam so he could eat at 3am . 
  world is n't black and white . 
   but in this case it would be `` irregular '' legal immigration . 
  they basically are allowed to immigrate without going through the usual procedures . 
  because there is no legal way for refugees to gain protection in europe ? 
  complaining about the illegality of their entry is ridiculous in this context . 
   because there are those in the eu who would love nothing more than to open our borders wide for anyone to come . 
  you wo n't find many of these people outside the internet . 
  this is a bad move imo . 
  as i 've said before , i 'd much rather have refugees sign off on a legally binding questionnaire re liberal democracy , language proficiency etc. 
  seems a lot fairer than religious discrimination . 
  of course , it 's not like the far right likes liberal democracy so they do n't care for such solutions . 
  exactly . 
  this is why i 'm in favour of more border controls , and selecting refugees directly from refugee camps . 
  securing the libyan border with the libyan governments would be crucial ( requiring vast amounts of aid ) , and turkey can hardly be expected to stop refugees moving on while having to accommodate nigh on two million ( ! ), 
  of them , with no help from the rest of the continent . 
  precisely . 
  i do n't have a high opinion of merkel , but she is n't engaging in cognitive dissonance . 
  do grenades not sound like the preserve of swedish biker gangs , out of interest ? 
  well , it 's good to see you can understand the need to protect refugees at least , and accept that we must do our utmost to protect them . 
  how is it more than enough when there are millions of people who have fled syria ? 
  30 % of lebanon 's population is now syrian - that 's a ridiculous burden for a state only emerging from conflict itself . 
  so would you be okay with europe spreading say , 500,000 female and children refugees across the states then ? 
  well , if they 're from say a western german state , there 's a good chance some of their family members were refugees post war , fleeing west . 
  the best way to prevent crossings is to provide legal entry to europe from refugee camps for genuine refugees . 
  so you 're saying that the men , children and women we refuse to grant protection to , should be expected to join an incoherent band of rebels , for whom we 've provided fuck all help , and who are stuck in between the regime and isis ? 
  britain was a safe country during wwii , particularly after 1941 . 
  there was law and order , a fair judicial system etc. 
  how can you even compare that to the horrors of syria ? 
  we 're planning on taking in 300 refugees a year - that 's an absolutely pathetic amount . 
  it 'd equate to 30,000 refugees for the whole of europe . 
  that 's an order of magnitude too low . 
  yeah , if it was 30 black people coming to gentrify a largely poor white neighbourhood and was phrased like the headline it 'd go down badly . 
  it 's clickbait . 
  still , it 's an alright article regarding gentrification . 
  a problem i feel is overhyped , that is not really a problem on balance , but i suppose i have n't had to deal with it either . 
  but for those who have become refugees , you think britain should offer no protection ? 
  a wall of forts is n't much good if you can get around them via another country - as germany did in wwii . 
  `` someone wants to reduce their emissions ? 
  let them , they 're welcome to . 
  best solution for everyone '' . 
  well , if it makes sense politicians should do it , the public is often wrong - that 's why we have representative democracy , not direct democracy . 
  i can empathise . 
  we are basically screwing you over for short term benefit . 
  i 've always said a quota system needs to be put in place , and more common border funding is needed . 
  do you at least agree that my position is not at all hypocritical and makes sense ? 
  well , i guess you do n't think the rest of europe should help italy with the migrant crisis ? 
  we all have common responsibilities . 
  countries like ireland , nl etc are shielded by the border countries - we have a responsibility to help said frontier states . 
  i always wonder how much of this was scriptwriting . 
  bush may not have had an iq that much above average , but surely he was aware that the us and iran were cooperating against the taliban/aq in afghanistan . 
   but the solution needs to whatever happens needs to be a legal mechanism that is put in place by the people living their , not by the international community . 
  this is completely impossible in syria - attempts to get the snc and regime to negotiate have failed utterly . 
  any solution has to be imposed from the outside . 
  the regime , rebels , kurds have all given up on outright victory ( taking over the entire country - the latter never aspired to this mind ) . 
  isis are the only ones intending to take over the entire country . 
  thus there is no hope of an internal solution . 
  any solution will have to be imposed from the outside to some degree - the regime needs to be pressured to negotiate , but this wo n't happen without the threat of military action . 
  well , this seems like it 's going to be a long fight , whether intervention occurs or not islamists pop up everywhere there is any instability - look at boko haram . 
  the only way to prevent them is stability , rule of law etc. 
  at this point it 's just another excuse by people to justify islamism , rather than the real causes , imo . 
  as for the borders , horrible , unjustified messes - but unilateral messing with borders wo n't help at this point , and any changes should be bilateral . 
  this is an excellent article alright . 
  i quite like the way it subtley tears apart the identity politics beloved of the hard left and right too - and focuses on the experiences of individuals . 
   we should help refugees and asylum seekers , but taking in economic migrants ( im looking at you , sub-sahara ) on top of that is too much , we cant take in infinity without fucking up ourselves as i keep saying ad nauseum , we could pretty much deport all illegal entrants if we provided a legal route for vetted refugees to be granted protection in europe . 
  currently , there is no legal route - you have to be smuggled across the med , or greek border . 
  with no legal system in place for entry , how can we do anything ? 
   turkey , a nato member , is according to babi\u0161 huge country . 
  `` a giant refugee camp needs to be set up there to the select between of those in need of humanitarian help , especially mothers with children , and those who are just economic migrants . 
  we are not doing this now '' , said the minister . 
  this is a great point ( bar the unfair burden on turkey ) . 
  we should be taking refugees from refugee camps after vetting . 
  give them books and tools to learn european languages . 
  allow them to select which country they wish to go to ( having learned a degree of slovak or whatever - unfair perhaps , but the situation is desperate ) . 
  give them questionnaires to ask them various questions ( eg language proficiency , how they felt about liberal democracy ) , and have them sign off that if they are found to be lied , they can be sent back to a camp , and their refugee place given to someone else . 
  europe needs to provide a legal channel like this for hundreds of thousands of refugees while the global refugee crisis continues . 
  only then can we start a serious pushback against illegal entry - because right now , the only way for refugees to come to europe is illegally - we have no right to complain without putting in place a fair system . 
  lest we forget , refugees first became a huge issue in europe . 
  it was jews , germans , fleeing post-war that required the first mass help . 
  the french communists protested at sending help to resettled germans . 
  it was the americans who provided much of the help then . 
  today , it is poor countries who bear almost the entirety of the refugee burden . 
  that is not fair , that is not right - we ca n't complain without a moral leg to stand on . 
  well , the syrian regime had a big hand in destabilising iraq post invasion - about the only time they 'd work with their arch enemies - iraqi ba'athists ( and of course timely releasing of jihadis to cross the border ) . 
  however your border point is important - france designed syria in a very divide and rule fashion , creating the sectarian precariousness of the state . 
  i 'd be happy to have my taxes pay for a better fence with russia - it 's in all of europe 's interest , it 's not a fence around a park ... 
  `` russia gets military access through latvia '' poor belgium . 
  maybe if hungary did n't elect a hard right party that calls refugees terrorists , and built the fence without constantly decrying desperate refugees as criminals and saying the fence is to stop them , people would n't care half as much ? 
  it should n't matter for refugees , so long as they are willing to adapt to the host country .
