  the german public needs to be led in this regard . 
  far too many still are unwilling to defend nato allies and stand up to russia . 
  has the afd been promoting a more forthright policy in syria ? 
  it 's ridiculous how europe ( bar france and the uk ) simply expected the us to sort the situation out , then we acted surprised once people started moving through turkey to the eu . 
  let 's see if merkel commits air and ground forces to this idea . 
  she 's agreeing with what erdo\u011fan has been saying for years . 
  i 'm sure trump has picked up a thing or two from him , they 're quite similar in some respects . 
  i 'd imagine he 's read his wikipedia page at least . 
   safe zones are a bad idea , remember srbrenica ? 
  i imagine this time we 'll give our troops ammunition . 
   also why is she personally invested in syria ? 
  maybe because it 's on our border , 400k have died , 10 million are displaced , and many are fleeing abroad ? 
  4 years too late merkel - one may not like the turkish government and they certainly had their ( often kurd related ) reasons for it , but they 've been pushing for this for years , while germany , the eu 's largest state tried to avoid intervening to any extent no matter how many lives were lost . 
  hopefully she puts some momentum behind this . 
  this is something that is very much doable , better late than never . 
  / u/jerzy667 made a little mistake . 
  no need to jump down / u/bawkol 's throat for helping him out !, 
  sounds like a good opportunity to increase carbon taxes , god knows we have a lot of work to do in reducing emissions . 
  but that likely wo n't happen as politicians will follow voters rather than lead them . 
  well not far right , but populist right wing euroskeptics . 
  preferable to fidesz anyway . 
  but i do find that default reaction from the likes of / u/clanshield hilarious . 
  well why do n't you campaign for restrictions with regard to pesticide resistant crops , rather than against gmo as a whole ? 
  the us has been europe 's key ally for seven decades . 
  they are heavily invested in european unity - how does n't the us come into it ? 
  they 're not exactly uzbekistan . 
  tbh if enough brits ca n't cope with other * europeans * telling them how they feel , then maybe it would be best for them to leave . 
  i think the majority are not petulant children however , so i do n't think that 's the case . 
  just a vocal majority . 
  yes , gmo is the exactly the sort of thing we should have public referenda over , i can imagine that working out well . 
  people were against recombinant dna tech as well based on illogical fear . 
  i bet a lot of diabetics are happy that the governments did what was right , not what the people wanted in that instance . 
  yup , it 's a huge issue in the religion and it 's hard to see how it can be resolved , easy to see why people would just gloss over it . 
  yeah i 've seen that before , that piece of logic is in direct opposition to reality unless muhammad 's arabia was then some sort of extremely well fed developed society . 
  is this even a big issue ? 
  with muslims , i only ever came across this with malays and they 've gone nuts . 
  levantine arabs , indonesians , no problem shaking women 's hands . 
  just seems like a holier than thou thing and says a lot really . 
  it really depends on the party . 
  ireland 's greens are a bit younger and have none of these issues , in government they were pretty liberal and generally competent , as opposed to the authoritarian leftism one sees in the english greens or here with mp . 
  worth remembering that the origins of sweden 's greens are euroskeptic and anti-nuclear . 
  puberty does seem to happen earlier these days ( better nutrition and such i assume ) , and in my area apparently primary schools tend to stop swimming lessons once kids hit 10-11 or so due to this ( as in , girls developing and both sexes getting a bit uncomfortable ) . 
  i have no idea what this statement pertains to or is trying to say . 
  anyway , have any swedes noticed any stirrings in the coalition partner over these bizarre ( but not unexpected ) revelations from mp ? 
  right , so would you rather national governments had no say in who the commission president was ? 
  if you recall , david cameron tried to derail juncker despite the fact juncker 's party won the election . 
  sounds more democratic than david cameron 's election . 
  wait 'til you hear how renzi came to power . 
  that 's why i 'm really upset our enda did n't get the epp nomination , he could have become president then declared the first galactic empire , an empire under the thumb of a class of irish humanoids . 
  i 'm sure you 've been through a customs post before - nevermind that though , if free movement is to be ended that entails restrictions on population movements . 
  such restrictions will require id checks at either the ni border . 
  yes , good thing the far right has never committed any acts of terrorism in europe , eh ? 
  the cta has only ever existed while both countries were either in or out of the union - this would be a new situation and hand waving it away is of little reassurance to irish people north and south . 
  well if you negotiate an agreement with the eu for visa free status we 'll see . 
  it 's not simply about schengen . 
  whatever about the uk leaving the eu , ireland would have to leave the milky way for this idea to float . 
  there 's a small segment of the brexit side that not only wants to secede from the eu , but also the 21st century . 
  they ca n't deal with other people advising them . 
  yeah . 
  if the uk secedes and does n't join the eea ( and if they did , what on earth would the point of seceding be ? 
  ) , the northern irish border will become a hard border , not a simple sign as it is now . 
  furthermore there 's a vast amount of cross border business , which is all predicated on both parts of the island being part of a single economy with no barriers . 
  ni will be royally screwed , especially with the inevitable uk recession and ensuing austerity . 
  in all fairness this is more of a far left position than anything . 
  terrible candidate though . 
  not to engage in presentism mind you , but my own country had a violent rebellion over far less ( considering irish mps were actually in parliament and we were getting home rule ) . 
  so i 'd feel a bit hypocritical for denouncing palestinian armed rebellion . 
  however as i 've israeli relations it 's something that really worries me . 
  russia is a big food exporter though . 
  this excessive protectionism beyond ensuring food security is ridiculous . 
  it has no net benefit . 
  protectionism does n't work . 
  russia can produce grains much easier than oranges - so you 'll end up expending more resources to get the same food on russian tables . 
  exactly . 
  france is part of the european union , which this referendum is about seceding from . 
  the situations are directly comparable . 
  did n't ed miliband campaign in the scottish referendum ? 
  was that out of line ? 
  why ? 
  she 's much more legitimate as an actual fellow european , there 's nothing out of line about it . 
  i 'm aware of the lag . 
  the fact that there 's a lag only further demonstrates how ridiculous it is to small efforts . 
  your support for such politicians like trump given your knowledge is not simply misguided , it is malicious . 
  the poorest of the world will suffer , despite having gained virtually nothing from the massive amounts of greenhouse gases emitted by the industrialised world , particularly the longstanding developed societies of the west , and former ussr . 
   it is worrying that he 's a denier but there are indications that global warming is already out of control , the time to act was 20-30 years ago . 
  what sort of mental gymnastics is this , it 's too late to act now because we were lazy ? 
  you really think being anti-illegal immigration is the problem europe has with trump . . ? 
  what difference does that make ? 
  it 's a bad , xenophobic policy that 'll impoverish us all . 
  well it would 've been two years ago , hard to say that today !, 
  well i mean fair enough , it 's a valid reason to leave . 
  as i said before it 'd be nice for us to make some decisions on your behalf anyway when an independent britain ( or i suppose england and wales at that point ) , needs things from the eu . 
  the libyan operation in 2011 had a un mandate , but more importantly there was a decent level of consent from the libyan people . 
  i would say a unsc mandate is hopeless and the irish government would be out of their minds to expect that , but we should at least try to get libyan cooperation . 
  either way such a mission needs to be prepared for so it can get going asap . 
  the unity administration needs time , but also needs to continue to see foreign support and * respect * if it 's to work ( after all , this unity government is to appease anti democratic rebels who fucked over the elected parliament , and needs to appease the latter too ) . 
  for you though a reformed eu means an end to things like free movement . 
  it 's just a free trade bloc on steroids . 
  that 's not going to happen . 
  the eu is a political union .
