being ignorant does n't mean one deserves that fate . 
  well , the have s\u00e9amus milne as their token unreformed communist . 
  he 's pretty anti-eu . 
  anti most modern things really , i think i 'd go mad in his company . 
  yeah , it 's amazing how much massive economic growth can paper over all sorts of issues . 
  in ireland our prime minister was blatantly corrupt ( bertie ahern - claimed not to have a bank account ... while being finance minister ) , however thanks to tax cuts and increasing wages he won three elections . 
  i 'd like to think that we can change our mindsets if they change theirs . 
  why not leave them in when they fulfil conditions ? 
  as is , both are very far off , and russia is many , many years behind turkey . 
   we are living the most peaceful times of humanity , so , embrace it . 
  if you mean ` times ' by this decade , we certainly are not . 
  refugee numbers are at their highest levels since wwii . 
  it 's unbridled chaos . 
   madrid is not a city-region : i think you know what i mean by that !, 
  granted , it has 10 times the area of hamburg if my memory serves me right . 
   the community of madrid is an autonomous region within spain with 6.5 millions of inhabitants , includes a mountain range and rural areas . 
  the municipality of madrid is a urban area with 3.2 millions of inhabitants . 
  mhmm . 
   all the region is a province also and the functions of the provincial council are asumed by the metropolitan government . 
  indeed . 
  there is no provincial-level government as i said . 
   that 's about it . 
  all spain is divided in 17 autonomous regions and 50 provinces . 
  the provinces were created at 1833 and the autonomous regions between 1978 and 1983 . 
  the centralist would like to see the autonomous regions absorbed by the central government leaving only the provinces and some people like me would like to see the provinces be absorbed the autonomous region . 
  i do have an understanding of spanish geopolitics but thanks !, 
   it strikes me that the valencian community is a particularly corrupt region - is there any truth to that or is it just a spate of recent high profile reporting ? 
  so you feel by giving the regions statehood - i.e. 
  a degree of inherent sovereignty - tendency towards corruption would be reduced ? 
  i highly doubt that , if anything it reduces the scope for central government intervention . 
  i mean in theory the central government could dissolve the regional governments . 
  however there seems to be a trend that the lower the office the more prevalent the corruption in europe ( some would say in the us it 's the other way around , due to the ( lack of ) campaign financing laws ) . 
  that would explain increased corruption at provincial ( which of course madrid as a city-region lacks ) and local levels . 
   then , eat baton and cs gas . 
  i read this as bacon . 
  still fits . 
  ah god if savannahjeff went home i 'd probably unsubscribe , he 's my favourite foreigner :p, 
  i know that , hence my caveat of `` palestinians have no say in israeli governance '' - israelis are free to steal land and deprive palestinians of their rights , as the responsible government , yet palestinians have no say in how the occupying power governs them . 
   is there a reason why we ca n't just mow them down with bullets ? 
  i think a certain country tried this approach once . 
  yeah , i can understand people fighting when there is no democratic process - despite being ruled by israel palestinians have no say in israeli governance , and israel works against their interests rather than for their interests . 
  fighting where there is a democratic process ( such as in northern ireland ) , is a far greater crime . 
  likewise , maoists in india are far worse than the fsa in syria on that basis - india is a democracy where communist parties governed states for decades , yet these terrorists seek to subvert the democratic process . 
  it 's never called a `` catholic paedophile ring '' - church or priest are core words there . 
  these men seem to be of pakistani extraction , not indonesian ... 
  they mean south asian . 
  ` asian ' colloquially refers to south asians in the uk . 
  indeed , most of jordanian 's population is of palestinian origin . 
  one of the few countries to give palestinian refugees citizenship . 
  their contribution to looking after syrians is massive given their lack of resources . 
   it seems worse than dishonest to introduce this kind of untaxable gdp into the calculation then . 
  ... why ? 
  it 's production . 
   they hate american foreign policy . 
  which shows they still have n't matured enough to see what happened in the 90s was horrific . 
    serbian interior minister nebojsa stefanovic earlier on thursday claimed the incident showed that albania was `` not mature enough '' to join the european community . 
  wait , a serbian minister claimed that ? 
  wow , the irony . 
  yeah france has troops and bases across former french africa , it 's not that unusual . 
   he was certainly responsible for more deaths than hitler . 
  and mao even more . 
  it 's not just about numbers . 
  this subreddit has really jumped on the `` stalin was worse than hitler '' bandwagon recently , between russophobes and the usual neo-nazi types . 
   putin had the opportunity , over the course of his reign , to make russia a vibrant , modern and succesful nation . 
  probably easier said then done in all fairness . 
  african countries with vast natural resources struggle likewise to achieve such success . 
  but yeah a lot of it was shooting russia 's socioeconomic base in the foot for the sake of glory . 
  i agree . 
  it 's each party pandering to their constituency - no cuts to jobseekers allowance despite a fall in unemployment - in fact an increase in social welfare ( due to the christmas partial bonus ) , and a cut in the higher rate of tax . 
  pathetic electioneering that i really diminishes my view of a coalition . 
  bear in mind i 'd have considered myself likely to vote for government candidates in the national elections . 
   for the middle class , it adds up to approximately 50 % . 
  above the cut off point . 
  my parents certainly would n't pay that much of their income in tax , they 'd be lower middle class . 
   today we saw a neutral budget announced with some pluses and some minuses , and yet within a minute of its publication the usual left wing lunatics were out calling it an attack on ireland 's `` most vulnerable '' ... simply because it did not provide for more handouts to those in our welfare system . 
  i do n't think anyone here would call me a `` left wing lunatic '' , bar the usual bigots . 
  yet i strongly disagree with this cut in the upper rate of income tax . 
  i would have supported a slight cut to social welfare rates likewise . 
  after 7 years of cuts , money is needed in social housing , health , and education . 
  let 's not go back to the ` good old days ' of low taxes again . 
   honestly , i agree . 
  the middle class in the crisis stricken countries suffered a lot with the promise that it would n't last forever . 
  those people will barely benefit from a cut in the upper rate of tax . 
  this only benefits higher earners . 
  probably the only part of the budget i have a real gripe with . 
  i would n't have given the partial christmas bonus to jobseekers either though , probably only pensioners . 
   instead , we 're left with a ram-shackled version of the us heath system that 's a bit dramatic . 
  it 's a lot better than that . 
   we were meant to be getting something along the lines of the dutch model , but that really has n't happened . 
  yeah , the spiralling costs probably put them off . 
  what needs to be done is an end to this bullshit of insurance , and a system analogous to the uk 's put in place where 90 % of spending is public . 
  it 's only 75 % at the moment . 
  but there are other solutions too . 
  it 's probably worth noting that the system is n't actually much worse than the uk 's , but public opinion differs widely - just as it does on say , immigration and being in the eu , thanks to the media and such . 
  humans are governed by physics . 
  however mammalian biology ca n't simply be simplified like that . 
   she 's a gp . 
  that 's the most basic medical doctor you can be . 
  and you know this how ? 
   if she is eating less then her bmr , she should lose weight , regardless of what she weighs now ah , the answer of a physicist , not a health professional .
