  obviously that threat is no more , but our foreign security issues and objectives should remain the same . 
  if a soldier does not want to be deployed outside europe they should be able to join a national territorial army . 
  if soldiers , like the many irish people who join the british army , want to actually do something useful ( or damaging , i 'm sure some would argue ) , they can join the federal european army . 
  things like the air force and navy would naturally exist at the european level in their entireties ( territorial armies could still maintain an air core and a few ships if they wish , at their own expense ) . 
  well that is with regard to the eurozone as such . 
  the ` in the long run ' bit refers to the eu become a supranational federal state . 
  i think you 'll find limited free trade agreements are miles away from an extensive single market , in terms of economic and social benefits . 
  i might also add that we must work on and build stronger ties with the other western countries , not just the us . 
  i have a lot of gripes with america and its people , but of the great powers they are the ones most similar to us , and we have learnt a lot from them in the post-wwii era . 
  but anyway , as i was saying - its crucial we look towards allying more with latin america , as well as canada , aus and nz . 
  european foreign policy really neglects latin america in my opinion . 
  brazil is a massive country which is making great progress . 
  they are not culturally far from us and if we work together we can become closer . 
  mexico has its drug war , yet is still doing very well . 
  argentina has the falklands issue , but if we can get past that there is great potential . 
  chile and uruguay would and do make superb partners . 
  we are culturally closer to the americas than to china or russia . 
  and i do think this is a good basis for mutual cooperation . 
  to a us audience , it sounds like communism . 
  even the ` liberal ' us redditors on here would probably get mighty upset over it . 
  as for germany , you guys were trendsetters , the worlds first welfare state !, 
  it 'll be fine . . or something . 
  this is a bad and overused analogy , but what is it right for a disconnected europe to let the nazis come to power in germany ? 
  when you consider the fact that greece is in the eu , would it be right to let these guys take over the country ? 
  when you here of hospitals losing access to basic supplies , far right groups supplementing and infiltrating the police , the judicial system becoming more and more inept ... it really is shocking . 
  and i do think europe looks away . 
  we simply force more of the austerity that doesnt work upon greece . 
  there is not much point of austerity when the net result is very minimal , rather than the percentage point or two deficit/gdp reduction successful austerity should achieve . 
  people are desperate and europe does not care . 
  perhaps its because we feel it is because they brought it upon themselves - which perhaps is true . 
  but does that mean we treat greece like this now ? 
  when people are desperate , they seek salvation . 
  in religion , but even worse , in extreme political ideologies . 
  this must not be allowed happen . 
  nevermind america , ireland needs a swedish party . 
  i 'm wondering if its a joke , but it seems to be some way serious , perhaps it is designed to be a thought provoker of sorts . 
  it seems awfully ironic that bulgaria of all countries ( no offence , ye are a lovely bunch of lads ) , would block macedonia ? 
  greece likewise , the country that is causing so much economic stress and worry in the eu . 
  i know they did , and i know we had at least one referendum orchestrated by fianna f\u00e1il , so they could attempt to dominate politics in the state . 
  for all the faults of our system ( it takes ages to count , although i guess thats kind of fun ) , we are so fortunate to not have fptp . 
  changing gear = / = driving faster . 
  ah do n't feel bad about voting lib dem , they are the junior partner in the coalition after all . 
  its a shame you guys dont have proportional representation . 
  yeaaah ... no . 
  if you move your scrollbar so that the column with 1800 is to the left of the screen , and scroll down , its really amazing to see all the european flags on the countries outside europe . 
  the amount of flag change in europe is quite interesting with regards to the history of said changes , also . 
  probably the case in any parliament with power , sadly . 
  i do think politicians should be relatively well paid , but that does not mean they should lose touch with reality . 
  yet it seems to happen all the same , even within a year of someone entering parliament for the first time . 
  it does not mean that they have become bad people , or even corrupted ... just out of touch . 
  out of touch with the ordinary people their institution serves . 
  i never really think of overweight ( bmi of 25-30 ) being fat though . 
  i would say 35 + , but everyone carries their weight differently . 
  food tastes a lot nicer these days too than before , and its available to everyone at a price that does n't consume most of their income . 
  we can eat whenever we are hungry , and whenever you crave something . 
  and because it tastes nice , you 'll eat more than it you need . 
  we all do it , i feel like i 'm wasting food though ... but its nice . 
  1 % of gdp , thats all it is . 
  it is important to remember that the eu does not maintain a union military or welfare system ( which would entail above 10 % of gdp spending alone ) , and that the eu uses national governments to do a lot of things . 
  they do not employ customs officers , or agricultural inspectors , or whatever . 
  they work through national agencies . 
  i always feel bad for clegg . 
  the media really gives him a doing off , the public there really does n't understand how coalitions work . 
  bar wwii , the uk had not seen a coalition since lloyd george led a tory majority govt . 
  from 1916-22 . 
  still though , i 'm not excusing his mistakes ... but he just kinds of reminds me of how i would be like as a politician . 
  i really like how he says ` poppycock ' . 
  anyway , the man really does have a point . 
  and of course foreign direct investment into the uk would take a massive hit were they to secede from the union . 
  thats why we have representative democracy i guess . 
  one needs only look at california to see the issues with people holding referenda on everything and anything . 
  that was on a treaty , not secession . 
  non ratification of the treaty would have stalled europe in many respects . 
  the public were completely misinformed , the no side played on people 's fears regarding abortion , conscription into an eu army , losing ` our ' commissioner etc. 
  the people were free to reject the treaty the next year . 
  yet they voted two thirds in favour after actually educating themselves . 
  basically , to ensure european self sufficiency in agriculture . 
  and these days , sustainability in agriculture . 
  this will probably become more important as the effects of climate change badly affect food production across the world . 
  now , i would say .44 % of gdp is too much subsidisation . 
  that amounts to one euro in five , for european agriculture . 
  perhaps one euro in seven or eight would be more reasonable , with a greater focus on environmental protection and sustainability . 
  i think its a crying shame that agriculture is taking money away from crucial structural and cohesion funding , as well . 
  they are extremely important for the continuing development and modernisation of europe . 
  i know , i know , but i still want some objectivity !, 
  just because the sun or the telegraph are editorially supportive of certain hard-right positions doesnt excuse them from complete and utter bullshitting . 
   it is clearly about time that the workers ' movement started to co-ordinate its actions across national boundaries in exactly the same way as the capitalists and the politicians that represent their interests . 
  whatever happened to objective reporting ? 
  what about the people who the politicians represent , who do n't want to be loaded with masses of debt and years of high deficits and borrowing costs . 
  now i 'm all for a rethink of austerity . 
  but this article is biased t ` fuck . 
  personally i hate it when people justify wrongs based on culture . 
  like how europeans ( rightfully ) get slaughtered for racism , but no one in the media gives a fuck that korean 's think blacks are less than half their livestock . 
  there can be differences of culture , yes - but things like according other living humans around oneself basic respect , and intelligent animals to a lesser extent , are not an issue of culture . 
  they are the moral foundation of any society, 
  oh no i completely agree with you . 
  my comment was in jest . 
  ah yes , next up , the sino-european union . 
  good thinking chinese vice foreign minister . 
  together we shall overpower the imperialist american pig dogs .
