  see the problem with that is that these countries have experienced russian style governance and also western governance , and well they do n't want the former . 
  the fact people even think we should cut integral members of the union loose to appease russia is worrying . 
   i 'm not willing to wave it off as `` it was shit '' . 
  it killed over a hundred thousand civilians . 
  this is not `` whoops i put the fork in the spoon drawer '' the vast majority of deaths were caused by islamists and ba'athists who were violently opposed to the nascent democratic government . 
  let 's not deny islamists and fascists agency . 
  when panama and grenada were invaded that did n't happen , people accepted that democracy was a thing . 
  of course , it 's harder for the population to think clearly having been raised in one of the world 's most totalitarian countries . 
   the discrepancy is completely absurd . 
  no it 's not , for the reasons i outlined before . 
  sure , but no one bar the far left and the far right will really argue against the afghan war on moral or legalist grounds ( as opposed to things like a cost-benefit analysis ) . 
  obviously iraq was shit , but invading a country run by a totalitarian dictator who kept his people under sanction by failing to cooperate with international authorities , committed genocide against his own people , and invaded and unilaterally annexed kuwait on the pretext of a one billion dollar negotiation disagreement is morally far more palatable than what russia did , even if the wmd guff was bullshit . 
   i mean no one goes around counting `` pro-transatlantic '' people in the parliament as if having different views on geopolitics is a thought crime . 
  the problem is the us did not invade a european country whom we were looking to integrate , a country who signed a treaty with its aggressor exchanging their nuclear weapons for a guarantee of their territorial integrity , yet still got invaded and had part of its territory unilaterally annexed , despite a complete absence of say , ethnic cleansing . 
  yeah , i honestly found the $ 3bn the latest in a series of half measures . 
  if any other european country was in this situation they 'd be happy to leave people move through . 
  no , you simply just do n't understand what anorexia nervosa is . 
  have a look at the wikipedia page : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anorexia_nervosa . 
  it 's a mental illness with very high mortality rates . 
  there 's a huge difference between dying in your teens and twenties , and dying a few years early in your seventies . 
  there 's skinny fat in all fairness . 
  still if they think they had huge lumps of fat at a bmi of 20 they should see a specialist . 
  jesus , what depressing lives ye must lead . 
  no , if an employer negatively impacts the health of an employee , that 's the employers responsibility . 
  just as shitty coal mines get shut down , agencies that enable anorexia should be dealt with . 
  this is a huge false equivalence that comes up a lot . 
  anorexia nervosa is a mental illness that has been enabled by the fashion industry . 
  steps have to be taken to ensure that models do not develop it , and that if they are already ill , the situation is improved , not worsened . 
  the mortality rate for sufferers of anorexia nervosa ( and its bulimic sister illness ) , is worryingly high . 
  on the other hand , being obese statistically entails a loss of a few years life expectancy ... not dying at 25 . 
  the whole point of this is to stop the fashion industry worsening a mental illness that is a phenomenon of western culture . 
  eating a few too many biscuits after work is not a mental illness , having a complete misconception of what your body is like , to the point of doing 3 hours of cardio a day and subsisting on a diet of laxatives is . 
  there 's very good reason to target the fashion industry , as they 've been promoting this . 
  when they start encouraging their models to live on a diet of whipped cream and burgers get back to me . 
  except that 's exactly what 's being discussed , per the artcive . 
  one can hope russia will . 
  in the early 90s a lot of russians really identified with europe . 
  that has been lost , but just as things regressed , they can also progress . 
  the uk does n't really operate quota systems anyway . 
  what there has been is campaigns , for example to get more women into stem degrees . 
  there seems to be some momentum behind looking into why this is happening and encouraging more males to go to university , without a quota likewise . 
  most refugees return home . 
  most of the bosnians ireland took in for example did . 
  in this context giving unconditional permanent residency does n't make much sense , and generally is n't happening anymore . 
  i think it 's more the idea that once they settle they become an underclass as such , due to social isolation ( externally and self imposed ) , and inability to compete in society with regards to education and skills . 
  anyway , terrible article , one can expect nothing less from the author natch . 
  the socialist ussr had far higher emissions per unit gdp than `` hyper capitalist '' western europe . 
  well , they were giving the syrian situation . 
  would n't say top quality ( jan refuses to deal with the opposition coalition more or less ) , and are obviously not part of the fsa . 
  otherwise fairly accurate though . 
  that was mentioned in the article as an aside more than anything , the overall thrust is much broader . 
  that 's one of the things that interests me . 
  she has done a lot to moderate what was an incredibly racist party a decade ago - however she succeeded her father directly , who was the source of all the hate . 
  you want to see the best in people but it can be hard to not be suspicious given the circumstances . 
  she would 've been raised with this hate . 
  certain sovereignties are however given to the european government . 
  of course , there is a secession process . 
  one can only hope . 
  it would n't be so bad if companies were investing all the money they earned tax free , but they 're not - the level of share buybacks is huge right now . 
   me too , but until ireland diversifies its economy we 'll have to stick with it . 
  we 're one of the richest countries in europe , we ca n't play this game . 
  personally , i 'd like to see a european corporate tax and wealth tax , and income tax on eu citizens who are abroad for tax reasons , in order to stop this and put an end to the race to the bottom . 
  when the very well off wo n't pay their share , it falls upon the rest of us . 
  for example small irish companies will pay a far higher rate of corp tax than facebook - how is that fair ? 
  oh yeah they 're another `` pc gone mad , being back hanging '' type alright . 
  these are european laws ... it 's like asking why are other states setting bavaria 's defence policy . 
  to be fair , context is important . 
  i doubt those people were executed for something particularly morally wrong . 
  anyway , if iraq ca n't give a guarantee they wo n't face the death penalty we should try them - the european ban on the death penalty is as such . 
  not that there is n't an element of truth to that ... but yeah , this a problem that goes far deeper . 
  the saudi 9/11 hijackers were well to do . 
  this is why the agreement with turkey is so important . 
  take people who are deemed refugees while they are at real risk , in a regulated fashion , rather than this mess . 
  not reforms as such - just preventing 100 % mortgages , ie requiring a deposit . 
  sure , but the idea seems to be of them attaching to european forces , where they would be of most use . 
  one of the big problems was lack of mortgage restriction . 
  our central bank has taken action on that front this time . 
  no , but sometimes it is necessary . 
  if we do n't attempt to police the situation , syria will be all but emptied . 
  do you want 10m syrian refugees trying to get to europe ? 
  sounds like a solid idea really , could be quite useful for a peacekeeping force . 
  pretty much . 
  they 're giving their reason for fleeing . 
  that 's why i said the latter figure ( re returning ) was more pertinent . 
  truly a shockingly effective campaign of ethnic cleansing for sure . 
  i did n't realise russia had a timeline for vacating crimea and the donbass by the end of the month ? 
   assad regime has been villified you make it sound like it requires an active campaign of deception . 
  september 2013 . 
  tens of thousands have been leaving a month for years . 
  there 's no hope for an end to the conflict . 
  in 2012 it made sense to hope . 
  now you live in an opposition controlled area , and are barrel bombed ? 
  why stay ? 
  there 's no end in sight . 
  as for the flow into the eu , well lots of them are actually coming from turkey . 
  turkey is a non-arab country , does n't give refugee status , is n't providing education for nearly half a million kids , you live in a shitty refugee camp for years you 'll try to get work in a city or head to the eu . 
  this is why the turkish deal was so important i guess , whatever one thinks of the turkish govt , they 're dealing with a shit situation badly . 
  probably a dangerous radicalisation of a radicalisable republican base ? 
  these people own guns . 
   mad cow disease not bacterial .
