  excellent idea . 
  i hope we all get behind this . 
  why ca n't the european government expect some sort of customs controls like we see between andorra and the eu ? 
  if they leave the single market that will be necessary . 
  there 's nothing that can be done bilaterally if they leave the single market though , and that 's what really matters - you 're ripping a big state out of the european economy and we 'll be one of the most affected . 
  in all fairness the single issue posters are not the ones who tend to answer surveys . 
  yeah , that 's a good point . 
  yugoslavia was a fairly decent example of socialism for example , people were allowed emigrate and the regime was n't particularly harsh . 
  jumping to stalin 's ussr immediately is unnecessary , that 's just an example of what can happen in regimes with vast amounts of power . 
  but yeah , i think our eastern states would rather we not let people experiment on them for a few more decades . 
  well germanic then . 
  the comparison holds . 
  why do we need socialism ? 
  we can keep the advantages of private allocation of capital while doing what you say . 
  for example i would prefer to see much heavier state investment in the space industry and such , instead of expecting people to spend excess income on frivolous consumption . 
  or maybe they dislike socialism as it ca n't deal with the complexities of a modern economy and hence ends up being much more inefficient and less productive , leading to public disquiet , requiring an authoritarian state to maintain . 
  til i 'm english . 
  please re-read my posts . 
  well turks are n't exactly a turkic people either . 
  they just speak a turkic language and had some additions to the gene pool from turkic peoples . 
  so we should have invaded iraq in the 90s instead of sanctioning them ? 
  it was one or the other , which would you have preferred ? 
  and afghanistan was very much in a state of war between the taliban emirate and the internationally recognised northern alliance govt . 
  because of iraq ? 
  when nazi germany , another totalitarian dictatorship , was invaded and occupied you did n't have the iraqi situation . 
  the situations were indeed very different , and i certainly never supported the invasion in 2003 , but let 's not deny the ba'athists , islamists and general sectarians agency . 
  they 're the ones who ruined the country . 
  on the other hand , the us spent vast resources in afghanistan , ending the civil war , saving the country , and preventing a far worse refugee situation there . 
  oh god i know all too well irish people would be up on arms . 
  just another example of european weakness . 
  as for france 's muslim issue , i think you 're overstating it in that regard . 
  it 's just that french muslims are pretty french in their propensity to riot , but in reality they 're better integrated than the uk 's muslim population . 
  as for only defending their country , it 'd be easy to argue for it as doing so . 
  furthermore these people joined in the post-cold war r2p era . 
  most will have grown up in the post-bosnia climate . 
  i would of course want ireland to take full part in this , why would n't i ? 
  people are dying en masse . 
  it 's the job of soldiers to protect their country , and people we are supposed to protect . 
  what 's the alternative , allowing the current situation to continue ? 
  edit : i also hate this attitude of `` you ca n't call for intervention if you do n't go to the front lines ! '' . 
  soldiers are n't idiots , give them some agency . 
  i 'm sure we 're both friends with people in the military . 
  they know full well what the job entails . 
  something something `` youths '' . 
  probably not a good idea to be a resident there either given high crime rates and corruption . 
  might i suggest brazil if neither of those do n't bother you ? 
  also are you just taking the piss ? 
  i 'm starting to doubt you are now given the lack of humour . 
  just do n't be gay , a journalist , too brown , or poor i suppose . 
  strikes me as fairly tenuous . 
  how is he more right wing than merkel ? 
  exactly . 
  these moroccans etc are not refugees . 
  in the case of morocco they 're the underclass . 
  i 'm all for helping out our former colonies/protectorates with aid and trade , but i do n't think that dealing with such people is the help we should be giving . 
  the eu is a confederation . 
  the upper house is dominant , ie the states rule . 
  there is no european military or police . 
  it 's the states who need to act on what timmermans is rightly saying . 
  just on your last point , if we had been prepared to really threaten assad 2-3 years ago we could have gotten an acceptable agreement with the regime ( after all you 're dealing with a 40 year old totalitarian ba'athist government ) . 
  saying intervening is always bad is n't a good guideline . 
  i do get what you 're trying to say though , wars in countries with enough of a pull for jihadis do seem to draw in such elements . 
  i 'm sure iraq would have seen civil strife either way , but if it was a contemporary shinto country i doubt we would have seen nearly daily suicide bombings and such . 
  as for libya , why does everyone think things would be better if we had done nothing ? 
  gadaffi had little support pre war and was an all round shitty and regressive leader . 
  he could 've flattened benghazi but that would not have ended the war , this was a man whom the populace hated - even assad was much more popular in 2011 ( of course he had the sectarian advantage ) . 
  if the peace talks fail i would support the eu invading eastern syria and setting up such a zone . 
  yes it 'll be expensive and our troops will die but it 's a better solution than no extra-territorial zone . 
  unfortunately russia 's intervention means gunboat diplomacy with syria is no longer possible - as i 've said before our attempts to avoid costs when it has come to sanction russia have come back to bite us . 
  europe 's weakness is russia 's leverage . 
  certainly sky high for jordan - but cheaper for europe . 
  we should be ensuring refugees are n't costing these countries vast sums of money and help prevent internal strife . 
  this is very much my point of view , with a focus on keeping people safe outside europe where their needs ( at least according to maslow 's hierarchy ) are not left completely unmet . 
  deportation is a huge , difficult issue . 
  ultimately countries need to be bribed to take people back quite often . 
  secure extra-territorial camps could be an option , but as ever the question is `` where '' ? 
  north africa , with access to the coast is the ever suggested option and not unreasonable . 
  however those coastlines are either heavily settled or desertified , posing problems . 
  i 'd rather the eu lease such territory long tern term possibly , giving us sovereignty over it - it would also be a much better asylum magnet than actually allowing people into the eu proper . 
  ca n't say my views have changed that much on this over the last year , nor have i been surprised at our inertia . 
  i 'd rather we just had a unified response . 
  germany has taken a lot of the burden internally but they have n't been willing to act externally - that 's where the real problem is . 
  that 's very true - i figure we 'd really need to get out the checkbook . 
  worth noting how reluctant europe has been reluctant to spend money on keeping refugees/idps well provisioned , at least to a standard not akin to a country far less developed than their own . 
  governments like lebanon 's or iraqi kurdistan 's are completely overwhelmed - and are running huge deficits and/or cutting spending , meaning people are n't been housed , fed , or educated . 
  what do you think a family will do in that situation ? 
  send a son to europe to get the rest of them over too . 
  and it 's a lot more costly to look after them here . 
  haha , there are people who probably actually think that 's a sensible move . 
  russia has every interest in making the migrant crisis worse for europe alright . 
  our refusal to take up front economic costs with harsher sanctions and increased military forces in the border states only costs us more in the long run by emboldening russia . 
  what an `` insane '' fp , not sucking off sa st every opportunity . 
  after all we know how wise the gulf has been and the positive impact they 've had on the world . 
  the cologne issue seemed to be more illegal immigrants who were well , engaging in illegality by default anyway and having no incentive to not do so . 
  should 've been deported but as said before , morocco etc does n't want their criminals back understandably . 
  most reports did n't seem to indicate any horror at the policy . 
  maybe if people read american papers , but what do they know about welfare laws in europe i suppose ? 
  furthermore , turkish sponsorship might result in some pretty mosques , as opposed to the gulf funded bland excuses for architecture one sees . 
  both of those are excellent in their own right . 
  who was behind the plans to demolish it in 2008 ?
