  ireland is a classic example . 
  instead migration was internal . 
  should n't you prefer this ? 
  where did you grow up ? 
  i 'm surprised that you would support someone with terrible economic policies given you were born in a country so damaged by bad economics . 
  honestly it bothers me . 
  i gave him the benefit of the doubt , defended him , dismissed his youthful flirtation with fascism as being irrelevant etc. 
  and he 's shit all over that . 
  he talked about brexit spurring reform , now it 's clear he wants destruction . 
  he pretended to not be of the far right , yet enthusiastically backs trump in a way even le pen has n't . 
  pathetic . 
  he ca n't bring any good to the world . 
  no war , a solid quality of life , economic freedom etc. 
  might be hard for an american that has n't had to deal with two world wars in their country to grasp . 
  mine is full of / r/the _ schulz , i approve . 
  if sa did what gaddafi did internally things would be much tougher support wise - look at mubarak . 
  and why do you think my continent is ruled by bureaucrats ? 
  i mean i like yes minister as much as the next person but ... 
  when was support given to aq ? 
  that is illogical . 
   decimate libyan state infrastructure was n't it gaddafi who wanted to flatten benghazi ? 
   i would n't of had it left it for isis to take over how have isis taken over ... ? 
   left that place worse than it was under qaddafi , all for what ? 
  how many countries end up better after a civil war ? 
  gaddafi could have offered a path of transition , he did n't want to . 
  the civil war is his fault , he was a brutal dictator . 
  what would you have done about libya , given gadaffi did not have the popular support assad had ? 
  why do you guys keep using this talking point ? 
  a poor model is not `` fake news '' . 
  fake news is `` pope endorses donald trump '' without even a misreading of a quote to back it up , just utter lies , not a perversion of the truth . 
  sam wang ate a bug on live tv over his poor modelling . 
  538 's modelling strategy was much more logical and was fairly accurate bar wisconsin , where polling clearly failed . 
  did you listen to what he said ? 
  you might disagree with him but surely you can see where he 's coming from . 
  turkey is doing more than the eu with an economy the size of nl 's . 
  we have quite secure borders . 
  the us needs a secure border too , hence why funding was provided for that in 2006 . 
  the point is that a wall is a bit pointless when there is fencing , as it 's just a waste of concrete unless you 're worried about an invasion . 
  the money would be better spent on wages for border guards , and other security measures . 
  the main source of illegal immigration in the us is visa overstays . 
  those categories are all separate if you notice . 
  i 've been pressured into sex after having gone home with someone , i was in the mood but then just wanted to sleep . 
  now it was n't rape obviously , i went along happily enough in the end , but just because i went home with her did n't mean i wanted to go at it . 
  yeah , would n't it be ridiculous if politicians tried to win the votes of cities like miami , phoenix , and philadelphia !, 
  this is just like how he 's cutting people 's taxes by removing mandated overtime pay for certain classes of workers !, 
  the less you earn , the less you pay . 
  well this is exactly my point , things have improved greatly under obama . 
  michigan had fairly miserable gdp growth in the 00s , then was hit by the great recession . 
  http://www.vice.com/read/all-the-evidence-we-could-find-about-fred-trumps-alleged-involvement-with-the-kkk eh , his father did seem to have some involvement with the kkk . 
  more relevant is their racism in the 70s however . 
  well if you look at michigan for example , it was hit particularly hard by the recession compared to the rus . 
  yet it has recovered much more strongly . 
  yet trump won tens of thousands more votes there . 
  mlp never proposed banning french people from reentering the country if they went to visit spain and happened to be muslim . 
  she never proposed killing the families of suspected terrorists . 
  she is able to focus on things for over 5 minutes . 
  she has a decent vocabulary . 
  she has political experience . 
  i agree , and that worries me greatly . 
  i just think her support has a bit more logical basis than trump 's . 
  for one thing , she is not completely incoherent . 
  remember than trump got praise for actually stopping to think for a few seconds before answering a question . 
  the man is a child . 
  yeah i do n't think comparing trump and mlp is all that helpful , trump is much worse . 
  his victory is one of an active rejection of fact , whereas mlp doing well is not that . 
  are they not of bulgarian turk extraction ? 
  this is what i was saying about the us . 
  although i thought trump was fairly likely to lose ( although he was two heads of two coin flips from winning ) , there was 4.9 % unemployment and strong wage growth . 
  the us population is so radicalised , a recession in 2019/2020 would have given the country to the far right . 
  imo we have to present a vision . 
  we need to whip corporations into line with that , because if the radicalisation we saw in the us spreads , a lot of them will lose a lot of money due to economic contraction . 
  how will we want more ? 
  it 's not about punishing , it 's about being fair . 
  we should give them the same terms norway gets . 
  i completely agree . 
  we do n't need that stuff . 
  i 'm wary to call it bullshit as it 's accurate over there ( the idea of white nationalism in an american context is hilarious , given importation of african slaves , and the breaking of european agreements to steal native land ) , but not here . 
  the only thing we can be gotten on is colonialism . 
  that might apply to denmark or portugal , but not really finland or slovakia however . 
  this is a very good point , and of course ultimately we plan to deport these syrians home ( although with trump 's victory , assad will have no reason to compromise so this may become impossible ) . 
  i think the important thing is remembering whose country you 're in . 
  while i agree with this , you realistically also have to promote integration . 
  you want germans with some interesting russian dishes they learned from their mother , not second generation russian immigrants in germany who watch russian tv instead of german and solely hang around with other `` russians '' . 
  multiculturalism is to be avoided in europe , that does n't mean we ca n't get the benefits of other cultures . 
  if you 're from an ex-gdr state you 've probably enjoyed some solid vietnamese food ( certainly if you were in berlin ) , and of course that cuisine was infused with some great french influence . 
  i agree . 
  we are not a colonial society , for better or worse . 
  black americans are statistically more likely to be criminals , you have to prevent that at several stages . 
  to quote blair `` tough on crime , tough on the causes of crime '' . 
  of course with reducing crime , and more evidence , the way we deal with these issues is changing . 
   this is not true by the way because flynn is a democrat . 
  i 'd love to know in what way flynn is a democrat . 
  maybe he was a decade ago before he was radicalised and started thinking climate change was a plot to destroy christianity . 
   she called them a `` basket of deplorables '' how dare she call out people who maliciously believe obama is a muslim and so on . 
  jesus , their poor feefees , would n't want to trigger people . 
  saying only half of trumps supporters were like that was being generous , and indeed she pointed out that half were economically disenchanted and were worried about their future , so latched onto someone who promised them everything . 
  you have to criticise people when they do wrong . 
  they have been provided with all the information they need as to why they were doing wrong . 
  maybe that 's not good politics , but it 's not wrong morally . 
  i 'd love to get a drink with juncker ( as much as he should n't ) , but i 'd rather someone i prefer a bit more ideologically similar to myself to him .
