  do we really want that ? 
  if the eu is n't going to become a ` pole ' this will only hurt us . 
  edit : i also highly doubt it 's going to benefit the weakest countries . 
  whether you like it or not , by virtue of all our guilt for what we did in the past , the west looks out for such countries far more than anyone else . 
  look at how china treats africa for example . 
  exactly , this is about more than economics . 
  in all fairness , solidarity with ukraine is very important no matter how small or large your state is . 
  no no , i do n't mean the european foreign minister . 
  i mean : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/high_representative_for_bosnia_and_herzegovina, 
  interesting that bosnia has n't , given that it 's essentially an eu protectorate , what with the european high representative having decree and veto powers . 
  what a great site ... 
  anyway this is the same sort of stuff the uk is pulling so as to attract rich arabs with their bizarre interest substitution systems . 
  right , and do you shoot enemy soldiers ? 
  we did n't do that to ss prisoners . 
  ireland and france have far higher birthrates than germany , affordability is n't the only issue . 
  that $ 200m would of course entail corruption watchdogs with our oversight , methods for recompensing misspent funds etc. 
  it would entail some degree of a shakeup . 
  but i do n't disagree with you . 
  if such countries are willing to risk so much to move to the west , we should probably up our carrot game . 
  moldova has a gdp of $ 8bn . 
  an investment plan of say , $ 200m a year could make a really big difference . 
  i agree with it anyway . 
  well , unless the russian military is planning on having finland secede and join them , i 'd imagine they would have targets for finland . 
  yeah , that 's true . 
  cromwell was still the worst leader ireland 's had though . 
  his policies were awful . 
  i think estimates generally amount to ~ 25 % of the population dying , which is an order of magnitude higher than deaths in england . 
   no political party should ever be banned even if they oppose democracy ? 
  one should be wary of tolerating those who are intolerant , that is the paradox of tolerance . 
   and it 's not like the authorities did n't know about the nsu , either , it 's not like they do n't have any taps on the underground . 
  they just managed to fuck up so completely it 's hard to still believe in coincidences . 
  yeah , crazy that nazis could kill 10 people and nearly get away with it . 
  good . 
  we 're all responsible for the unions borders , even if we 're far from the problem . 
  yeah , for that lad who 's on trial now . 
  still , was n't a monetary ransom , more of a prisoner exchange . 
  ca n't say i agreed with it though . 
  oh yeah , the french are supposedly one of the worst offenders - this probably reflects the amount of french in such places - however the uk and us do n't seem to partake in this and neither should france, 
  yes , state control of some sort is what 's needed . 
  turkey has been paying clerics and supervising content for decades , that 's one solution . 
  leaving mosques to their own devices has failed anyway . 
  a special forces op ? 
  good . 
  this is how you should get back hostages , not through ransoms . 
  a ransom today means another twenty hostages tomorrow . 
  interesting that only the larger militaries ( and portugal ? ), 
  seem to have the top of-10 rank . 
  luxembourg only goes up to of-5 !, 
  does this mean that say , a belgian of-6 would rank superior to the entire luxembourgian armed forces ? 
  well , unfortunately the legacy of nationalost chauvinism and genocide has had some irreversible effects . 
  let 's hope that that legacy can be overcome as much as possible though . 
  well , ireland is a small , open economy that 's very trade dependent . 
  what applies to the irish government finances probably would n't apply to say , the brazilian federal government . 
  when the whole union is engaging in austerity , where can growth come from ? 
  yeah it does . 
  there are other taxes though that help keep things progressive , the universal social charge has 4 bands for example . 
  i hope the government does n't cut taxes and instead focuses on hiring teachers , nurses etc , and investing in infrastructure . 
  the hiring freeze was necessary at the time but the damage must be undone . 
  yeah , belgian management post-leopold was a lot more palatable . 
  the congo ended up being one of africa 's most industrialised countries by the late 50s . 
  sadly , belgium rapidly pulled out then undid all the gains by supporting secessionism , and assassinations . 
  i agree . 
  russia 's aggression has shown how much we need the us ( and canada ) . 
  i 'd be in favour of further expansion of nato outside europe too . 
  i am not justifying it , and you know i 'm not . 
  if hitler won the war he would have exterminated half of you !, 
  yet you 'd still think of stalin as as bad as him ? 
  one only needs to look at what happened in russia and poland to see how committed hitler was to his campaign of genocide against non-aryans . 
  i agree - whataboutism should be avoided . 
  i would n't have said anything if people did n't compare the german occupation favourably with the soviet one . 
  could you elaborate ? 
   after the soviet 1940 occupation about 10 % of the jewish population was deported to siberia , along with other estonians . 
  about 75 % of estonian jews , aware of the fate that awaited them from nazi germany , escaped to the soviet union ; virtually all of those who remained ( between 950 and 1,000 people ) were killed by einsatzgruppe a and local collaborators before the end of 1941 . 
  roma people of estonia were also murdered and enslaved by the nazi occupiers and their collaborators . 
  the nazis and their allies also killed around 6,000 ethnic estonians and 1,000 ethnic russians who were accused of being communist sympathizers or the relatives of communist sympathizers . 
  in addition around 25,000 soviet prisoners of war and jews from other parts of europe were killed in estonia during the german occupation . 
  [ 1 ] only 900 or so were killed as jews fled to the inner ussr , where while they may have been persecuted , trapped , even murdered ( as the doctor 's plot would demonstrate ) , they were n't subjected to complete and absolute genocide . 
  yeah , and he was productive . 
  what do you think happened to the baltic 's jews ... ? 
  look , what happened was awful . 
  i just find it sad that people can ignore all the jews and roma hitler killed in their countries - and the millions more of people in general he planned to kill - and claim that nazi occupation would 've been worse than a soviet one of a similar duration . 
  the point is that stalin deported 2.5 % of estonia - of which many died . 
  hitler planned to exterminate at least * half * of countries like estonia , nevermind slavic nations . 
  stalin had time to carry out all this . 
  hitler never got the opportunity to `` purify '' estonia et al sufficiently . 
  hey , after the unequal treaties we can hardly complain about minor stuff like this . 
  just as long as it 's kept an eye on i do n't mind . 
  to be fair if mexico went and annexed part of equatorial guinea i 'd imagine there 'd be more than a few cancelled weapons contracts . 
  i 'd be very anti-russia , i just find the comparison between nazi occupation of say , hungary ( extremely brutal for it 's short duration ) , and the soviet one very disturbing . 
  there 's no comparison . 
  indeed , and mao killed even more . 
  i know we like to hate on all things russian here , and i have oft been accused of being russophobic , but can we please stop this stalin was worse than hitler thing ? 
  hitler set out to completely exterminate an entire race , and in a horrifying industrial fashion . 
  i 'd say he was just less genocidal , which was n't very hard . 
  i mean the holodomor was genocide , but killing a fraction of the ukrainian population was enough for uncle joe . 
  wow ... 
  oh i know . 
  i just feel the fact that they were n't part of the national ethnic group means there 's a historical disconnect in the national psyche . 
  yes , and no , it 's not as bad as the holocaust . 
  do n't even go there .
