  direct national interest should n't have to be a reason for action . 
  the guilt is not worth it , and inaction comes back to bite . 
  it 'd be nice to see date-relevant history here ( within reason ) , particularly videos and such . 
  the greco-turkish rivalry always reminds me of that between britain and ireland , but i suppose that 's because i live in ireland . 
  the burden is n't really massive . 
  but i still feel we should spread it out . 
  mercantalist trade , ensuring large surpluses for the colonising country . 
  yes , basically katanga was where all the resources were . 
  in all fairness , the portuguese revolution really led to the colonies being dumped unilaterally . 
  it was a shame what happened afterwards in mozambique and angola . 
  you forgot to mention the belgium support of the katanga breakaway province , that was always a bad move , and it 's what in the end led to un intervention . 
  well , surely it 's more french than an english word either way , 
  at least you do n't see people in this thread complaining about the poles being catholic . 
  mctaggart is n't an informed conservative . 
  he 's just a bigot . 
  there are plenty of decent conservatives in ireland , he 's just a hate monger . 
  actually they were n't very welcome , catholicism was seen as a cultural threat and indeed a threat to the state . 
  many joined gangs and such . 
  ireland has a history of migration . 
  also everyone on / r/ireland knows your agenda mcctaggart , do n't try to fool the good folks on / r/europe . 
  we can afford services for people , particularly if they are working and paying their taxes . 
  it was irish born politicians who got us into this mess besides . 
  and you are mean and racist , do n't bother denying it . 
  jesus , switzerland really are n't doing a whole pile , are they ? 
  500 , that 's pitiful . 
  there should be a europe wide policy on this . 
  it 'd be a lot easier to spread out tens of thousands of syrian refugees over the entire union . 
  sweden is just 2 % of the eu , it is an unfair burden for them to carry . 
  i guess the armenian government feel it 's better to prioritise short to medium term benefits over long term ones . 
  perhaps we need to make moving into our influence more desirable . 
  a lot of this subreddit is anglosphere . 
  and we do n't want a bunch of people trying to stir genuine hatred and such . 
  shhh, 
  shh , do n't disrupt the ` religion is evil ' circlejerk . 
  there are other reasons at fault here i think , not that russian religions do n't help . 
   770 tons ... which is a lot . 
  ahah , the way he says that . 
  the word you are looking for is arab union i think . 
  i know you 're joking , but it 's really not that simple . 
  the regime has used chemical weapons 15 or so times before , it was the scale of the attack in this instance . 
  that said , as the british report said , the reasoning in this instance is hard to figure out . 
  anyway , the regime did their best to cover it up and such , even if it was n't directly ordered from the top , they have responsibility . 
  however if nasser could not unite the arabs in the 60s , nothing will happen now , at all . 
  the main part of that occurred before the late 90s . 
  there was a no fly zone protecting them up to 2003 . 
  regarding the ' * the * , i get the impression that it is falling out of use as it is seeing as tying ukraine to russia ( ukraine , as i recall , means borderlands ) . 
  you must remember that these blogs just copy each other , often word for word . 
  the internet has changed everything . 
  it allows one to learn more , but it also has created massive mounts of blatantly ( and often purposefully ) incorrect information . 
  in all seriousness then l14qu , be more careful about where you get your information !, 
  i do n't mean to be so mean to you , you just need to inform yourself better . 
  if you use more reasonable sources you wont appear to be well ... wearing a tin foil hat and posting from your basement filled with a years worth of canned food . 
  and thus the discourse will improve , 
  the spanish civil war was the same . 
  i do n't really care for information sources which talk about ` new world order ' or ` world revolution ' . 
   http://leaksource.wordpress.com/tag/email/ scrolled to the end ... boom : ** via infowars ** my point still stands . 
   you fool . 
  cheers . 
   the fact that an unofficial islamic civil war is taking place ? 
  ( which is true ) right , a highly localised war . 
  that does n't sound like a civil war to me . 
  show me what bosnia or indonesia are doing eh ? 
  i have comments elsewhere in this thread . 
  your comment about an entire region was derogatory and insulting to the people who live there . 
  it 's not a homogeneous , simple place . 
   / u/l14qu says he says a lot of things , with an unequal error rate . 
  the guy is the ultimate unknowing conspiracy theorist . 
  he 'll believe anything if it plays into his narrative ( greece strong , muslims bad ) . 
  very edgy , and contributes nothing . 
  there is nothing necessarily wrong with the place , it just happens that syria is in a shitty , shitty civil war . 
  things are far better than what could have been under a post civil war gaddafi , however . 
  meh , i do n't think giving the rebels more guns and such will help anything , it 'll just get more people killed . 
  easy to say but , saddam was not in the middle of a civil war . 
  if ever , the iraq war should have happened in the early 90s , no later . 
  ah the good old resident / r/europe conspiracy theorist . 
  what are you sources this time ? 
  chemical weapons are even more no go than nukes ( although they do tend to be far more destructive of course ) . 
  only thing worse really would be a biological attack . 
  someone has to be the world police . 
  i think we could do a better job than the yanks in theory . 
  but as we saw in yugoslavia , we simply stood idly by , and the usa had to intervene . 
   it 's illegal to strike without unsc approval , per the un charter . 
  kosovo was done without unsc approval . 
  if it has to be done , it should be done . 
  it 's not like russia ( or china ) , are likely to agree anyway . 
  i 'm not particularly surprised . 
  say something nice about travellers ( gypsies ) too , he 's not too big a fan . 
  it 's efficiency . 
  the us system is more inefficient than one of those wood burning north korean trucks . 
  i would imagine that virtually every semi-industrialised country has a more * efficient * health system than the usa . 
  hopefully not from / u/mcctaggart anyway . 
  he 's not well liked for a reason . 
  i just think of 2.5 \u00b2 as 25 x 25 \u00f7 10 \u00b2 . 
  but then again i 'm not the most adept at maths . 
  the problem lies with the voter too , they do n't want to hear the truth , or reasonable options . 
  in ireland politicians made promises to cut taxes and kept them . 
  did n't work out too well in the end . 
  the ` eutimes ' is a conspiracy site that hates muslims and jews in equal measure , if i recall correctly . 
  so this must be why l14qu appears to lack a degree of sanity . 
  in romania , kids went to orphanages instead of staying with their parents .
