   competence is increasingly being replaced by charisma in politicians ( more appealing to the public as people , rather that ideas ) i actually think it is the other way around . 
  the issue is , politicians of today do n't have the charisma to bring about grand change . 
  we still have charismatic politicians in the form of berlusconi , erdo\u011fan etc , and they would n't get my own vote . 
  politics is just a messy business that few can stomach . 
  does n't stop me wanting better leaders though . 
  someone who will accept the need for a mutual european solution to a european problem . 
  what does n't help is that this article is a bit shit . 
  i do n't want to see merkel in power either , but i ca n't upvote this article . 
  the people in the comment sections consistently rant about how it 's not a good left wing newspaper anymore . 
  and it generally toes the middle ground , i 'd compare it to le monde or the irish times . 
  however the comment is free articles ... well - some of them just amount to mad ravings . 
  this article is a comment is free article , it 's easy to tell . 
  commentary is nice , but where the guardian excels for me is reporting , a lot of cif seems to be pandering to the old guard of readers . 
  it was on bbc4 , 
  there are bus drivers who bless themselves when they pass a church , i really do n't intend to hop off the bus over something that makes no difference to me . 
  maybe the abrahamic god does exist and it 'll work out positive for them . 
  if not , their actions change nothing . 
  who does n't watch borgen ? 
  it 's great . 
  i would imagine the new arrangement suits israel , and that they may have played some small part , however the coup was caused by the egyptian military , and i highly doubt israel did a whole pile , nothing most probably . 
  erdo\u011fan decided to back morsi , it 's backfired now on him . 
  i reckon he thinks his influence is far greater than it actually it is . 
  while i certainly am not pro-coup , erdo\u011fan would be better doing what the rest of the west is doing instead of making wild allegations . 
  it 's ` good ' , by the standards of the other high deficit/debt countries ( portugal , uk , greece , spain , italy ) , but not actually good . 
  i suppose what annoys me about the french is that they simply accepted permanent german domination ( to grossly simplify things ) . 
  they had the opportunity to join themselves politically with the british , ensuring the continuation of overseas france and such . 
  the resistance too , was quite weak ( bizarrely it seems to be the most well known ) . 
  anyway , the brits could very well have taken the same actions in france 's position , hindsight is all well and good , but reality is different . 
  ^ ^ ^ it ^ ^ ^ really ^ ^ ^ is n't, 
  likewise , i 'd imagine bremen , hamburg , and berlin have the highest murder rates among german states , as they are all city-states . 
  i did n't mean to offend you , i may need free legal aid too . 
  my point was , advocate for its removal at your peril . 
  and the us does n't protect victims , it merely turns criminals into hardened ones , often for petty crimes . 
  yeah , because fucking everyone to jail really works . 
  i hear the us has a really low crime rate now , eh ? 
  free legal aid helps to reduce the issue money defining who goes free and who goes to jail . 
  appreciate it , you may need it one day . 
  i was thinking russian settlers , however lithuania does n't have near as many per capita as the other two baltic states . 
  i 'd like to know more . 
  and travellers in ireland . 
  not to mention former slum dwellers ( the slums were mostly cleared after the war , and moved into social housing ) . 
  poor people tend to commit more crime i suppose . 
  it 's hard to tell on the internet ... even if one has an irish flair . 
  the french did the same with parisian french , destroying regional languages . 
  let 's not be so bitter , eh ? 
  whatever about danish , i 'm always impressed by how used swedish is on the internet , despite knowledge of english . 
  i 'm not so sure that there is a great need to put in place protective measures \u00e0 la france . 
   additionally , i get more upvotes in / r/europe than most other subs too i wonder if this is because people upvote posters from less represented places more . 
  myself , i am a lot more likely to upvote russians , turks , ukrainians etc simply because they are rarer , especially compared to their populations , and offer unique perspectives . 
  somewhat similarly i tend to upvote people from northern ireland , or smaller regions/states ( brittany , friesland , transylvania , basque country etc ) here . 
  it 's odd , but yeah , that 's me i suppose . 
  the problem here is n't the mods at all . 
  the mods certainly are n't worse now , at the very least . 
  uat2d , you used to contribute a lot here , but in the last 6 months this has simply turned into the odd shitpost and attempt at trolling . 
  i think this is a shame as you do ( or did ) have interesting opinions and thoughts . 
  that said , it 's not like my contributions have n't disimproved , but anyway . 
   late 90s and early 2000s , the third problem came . 
  we had ` the purple cabinet ' that had made a hobby of rule making . 
  rules on isolation and other energy-saving are strict . 
  this makes building new houses more expensive . 
  i really do n't think this is a bad thing . 
  it makes houses more functional , safer , and more efficient . 
  when i was staying in nl , this impressed me to no end . 
  it 's a great idea . 
  if you are lazy you lose money . 
  but perhaps someone else will get some change for recycling what you failed to . 
  it 's pretty nice . 
  dear god . 
  the waloons moving from one problematic bilingual nation to another ? 
  they may not me too keen . 
  also , interesting idea regarding marmara . 
  \u0130zm\u0131r should be included too though . 
  just for that passport free holiday feel . 
  also , bremen and brittany have really expanded . 
  jesus , that 's actually really depressing . 
  is bg not getting fined for this ? 
  apparently the western media is biased , so it 's much better to listen to the far more biased mouth-peace of the federal russian government instead . 
  as someone who has one spelling variation of several of their name , this is something that annoys me greatly . 
  my name is not the same as that other guy , sorry . 
  that 's however by the will of the government there ( of course they also get a good deal of aid , and are n't a legitimate state as such ) . 
  not to mention they did agree to a reunification plan ( whatever about one 's opinions on it ) . 
  azer 's president has been somewhat confrontational , however , of the three states , ( n-k , armenia proper , and azerbaijan ) , his is the least democratic , and is very much an autocracy . 
  thus i reckon it is an attempt on his part to deflect attention from oppression at home , and justify his rule . 
  that 's a stereotype in most former ssrs , and is accurate to varying degrees . 
  armenia is far from the worst on that front . 
  judging by international rankings , there is an awful lot of educational reform to be done in there in general . 
  it really seems to be lagging behind . 
  fine , you win !, 
  yes . 
  a tunnel is what we need . 
  i have the same issue in my city . 
  you can get to the place you want , but dripping in sweat and rather unpresentable . 
  for example , i live at the top of a hill overlooking the city . 
  however if i want to get to sea level to go to a place where i train by the river , i have to cycle up no less than 3 hills . 
  to go downhill overall . 
  going back , is , quite simply , shit . 
  if they are outside the eu , i do n't see the difference . 
  ah i ca n't say much , i slumped to a b. 
  it really depends if they have robbed continental food and colonial food like we have in the british isles . 
  without all that , our food is shite .
