  yeah , stalin tended to kill anything from a few hundred to a third of troublesome ethnic groups - he did n't actually entirely exterminate entire groups , as genocidal as he was . 
  there were 3 million polish jews killed . 
  always saddens me when i see seperate lists of poles dead , and lists of polish jews during the war . 
  they were all polish . 
  i feel like those 3 million dead had little impact on the national psyche . 
  it certainly would n't apply to a jew , or a roma . 
  is this entirely a federal issue in germany ? 
  i 'd have expected some states make moves towards it . 
  yeah but russia and america have had a huge impact on european culture whereas say , latvia has n't . 
  yet would you rather let russia in before albania ? 
  why do they not fit in when say , greece or cyprus do ? 
    if a rogue crazy nation decides to clandestinely attack my country , my survival instinct kicks in . 
   are you really sure that 's what 's happened ? 
  really sure there are n't two sides to each story ? 
  you seem to be repeating what 's in the news . 
  god , russia really is profiting from it 's exploitation of the golden mean fallacy . 
  no , the truth is not somewhere in between western media and russian propaganda . 
  oh , i 'd agree . 
  i 'm just saying that if you want to start increasing government spending without taking money out somewhere else there 'll be problems . 
  it 's obvious , you do n't want to over inflate the economy . 
  dutch disease and all that . 
  norwegians are being sensible . 
  hey , it 's a rough guide . 
  as if they 'd be doing better outside the union ? 
  the issue is that they could be doing better within the union , not that they 'd be better off seceding . 
  yeah i agree with you . 
  i 've always said that what we needed was long term fiscal adjustment and short term stimulus . 
  member states should have had austerity - however their should have been a massive european stimulus . 
  it 's not too late for that stimulus - a time limited programme of fiscal transfers and infrastructure spending . 
  yeah , but fiscal adjustment does n't exactly have the same awfulness of invading and annexing democracies whom you have treaties with to protect , is it ? 
  but yeah , there 's a german economic dominance which i do n't really like , but ultimately states like italy and ireland have ourselves to blame for most of our situation ( italy voted in anti-reformists straight through the 2000s ) . 
   eloquent expression of authoritarian and fascist ideas is far more dangerous than expressing them in an idiotic manner . 
  i 'd tend to agree . 
  smart bigots are much scarier than simple ones . 
  however my point was that there 's just less bigotry here than on youtube ( which is a very very low bar ) . 
  the world is n't black and white naurgul , / r/europe has hordes of racists waiting in the wings , yet it 's still not as bad as youtube . 
  but sure , youtube comments are far less subtle , but there 's still a much higher volume of bigotry . 
   iran is still the most liberal me islamic country . 
  lol, 
  exactly . 
  what a bizarre outlook . 
  yeah . 
  it 's a shame serbia did n't try harder to apologise for the mistakes of the past and outline a future for a serb kosovo . 
  still , both countries chose their path , and neither will probably benefit , least of all kosovo . 
  do n't listen to this guy , he 's a horrible bigot . 
  i hope that people are n't deterred from visiting tunis , tunisia deserves a growing , vibrant tourist industry . 
  what 's wrong with infrastructure spending ? 
  complain about growing inequality , not buildings . 
   you can be my heir , annex anywheeere . . 
  whoops , failed to read username . 
  wow . 
  why do you even want to fight isis when you agree on so much ? 
  europe experienced the awfulness of that penalty , hence why we outlawed it . 
  you 'd do well to do the same , it 'd make us more comfortable allies and more convincing on the whole human rights front . 
  it should represent the population . 
   i 'm not saying anything about one party states . 
  you 're a trotskyite . 
  anyone can look through your post history , so are you really going to try denying that ? 
  look , regulars will know you 're a trotskyite - now , i 'm pretty sure that most people here do n't consider a one party socialist ` democracy ' an enhancement . 
  insofar as much as you are comparing us to russia regarding control of the democratic system , ergo implying it 's not a tool of the people but simply a fa\u00e7ade for the rich to maintain control , as you would rather we did away with multiparty liberal democracy . 
   dear god , are you always this defensive about everything ? 
  i 'm defensive when you seek to undermine our democracy for your own ends . 
   i think it 's a bad idea to accept them back . 
  you 'd rather we let our citizens rape and kill in syria/iraq ... ? 
  what an awful thought process . 
  / u/intangible-tangerine has the right idea . 
  we 're better than jihadis ... 
   does n't make russia much different to anywhere else . 
  are you saying that ireland is as bad as russia ? 
  or that russia is as bad as eritrea ? 
  the world is n't black and white , this hyperbole only serves as an insult for those who live in dictatorships . 
  for all i complain about the us , at least someone is serious about protecting europe . 
  celebrating independence of fascist lithuania ? 
  google can expect to suffer a routine russian hygiene expectation that 'll get it banned any day now . 
   we ca n't tolerate intolerance . 
  we ca n't fight those people with love or soap bubbles or `` humanity '' . 
  sure . 
  and i support the fight - from drones to trainers to special forces . 
  however that 13 year old had no real agency compared to the people who brought him there - this is like saying `` good riddance '' to some hitler youth roped into defending berlin . 
  brainwashed with no choice . 
  look , i have no love for these horrible jihadis either . 
  however when you comment `` good riddance '' about the death of a 13 year old child , something is wrong with you , with all due respect . 
  work on it - we can all end up in dark corners due to what we see going on in the world , but we have to hold on to our humanity even when others discard it willingly . 
  i think in all fairness , in 2010 or so our tvs were flooded with images of rioting greeks . 
  the killing of those bank workers in that arson still lingers in many memories . 
  wow . 
  13 years old . 
  you 're reducing yourself to the islamists level , where every death of the ` other ' is progress , no matter what they have done , no matter who they are . 
  why support fighting them if you become them ? 
  what an ignorant comment . 
  you know , for years i never realised this was an eta attack - until maybe two years ago i never knew islamists committed it , and i 'd be generally well informed . 
  there 's so much cognitive dissonance in this comment i do n't know where to start ... 
  yeah , ultimately there was no way for greece to avoid austerity at the national level . 
  however they needed - and still need - fiscal transfers and economic stimulus at the european level . 
  this is what we get for appeasement one day - the demand for more appeasement the next . 
  putin 's salvaging of the syrian regime after assad 's use of chemical weapons was probably the final enabling step - if the west was too weak to act decisively on wmd use ( thanks miliband ) , then it 's too weak to act on anything that may have an economic or military cost . 
  in all fairness , no one is helping greece with these refugees . 
  it 's completely unfair that the worst performing 2 % of the union has to bear most of the burden of the syrian civil war in europe . 
   it 's called geopolitics , we have no need to defend what would be somebody else 's headache should we be invaded . 
  so you 're saying an attack on the baltic states - ergo on the eu and nato - would n't be our headache ?
