  in some instances that was successful - see how bahrain was judged to not be worth the effort of supporting democratic reformers . 
  there was always a lot of pessimism around the arab spring . 
  it was occurring after the disaster of the iraqi civil war , there was a realisation that democracy would not come easy to muslim majority arab countries , especially ones with high levels of sectarianism . 
  china 's carbon emissions per capita are no dissimilar to europe 's . 
  of course workers and such are less efficient , but there is n't a factorial difference when it comes to emissions . 
   europe ca n't have it 's reputation destroyed for dubious gains . 
  sure , but if we want to take in less refugees we need to help them somewhere else and reverse the situation that made them leave . 
  the alternative is helping the rest of the world by taking in more refugees . 
   on the second topic , my question is was what should eu do , not what it 's members should - eu has no army and has no authority to drag it 's members into a war of aggression . 
  the eu is a confederation . 
  it is its members . 
  yes , but europeanised democracies were established first . 
  the assad regime is not going to change in 2020 if it would n't change in 2011-13 . 
  and i think most of us want to support the australian model - but clearly it 's not working for them , more resources are likely needed . 
  it may work out cheaper for us in the medium term , but not much cheaper . 
  but it requires hard and soft power , and lots of funding . 
  the world is facing the largest refugee crisis since wwii . 
  we ca n't bury our heads in the sand . 
  syria 's government lost its legitimacy a while ago , the assad regime did n't have to take the route they did . 
  individual member states have militaries . 
  so $ 2.2 m per job ? 
  that 's over say , 11 years . 
  $ 200k per annum for workers who earn $ 20-60k a year . 
  how is this an additional loss of sovereignty ? 
  there 's nothing illegal or unconstitutional about this , is there ? 
  the treaties have n't been changed . 
  seeing as you wo n't answer my previous posts , no . 
  ireland is treated better . 
  except france actually had another year to fulfill its targets , but sure , take the banter seriously . 
  thanks for not addressing any of my points . 
   we are only to serve . 
  it 's always germany , france . 
  what does this even mean ? 
  do you have evidence ? 
  what about state aid cases against the french and german governments ? 
   the eu has been trying to chip away at our tax rate for years . 
  to repeat myself :  so what the you mean by the eu ? 
  i mean we are the eu . 
  do you mean most of the council would like us to raise corporate tax rates ? 
  no shit . 
  we have one of the lowest nominal rates . 
  the commission just want us to enforce the headline rate . 
  answer me this time or the subreddit will just think you 're talking shite . 
   the commision is not looking out for ireland at all , only themselves . 
  what does this mean ? 
  as in they want to hold onto their jobs like the irish cabinet does ? 
  no shit . 
  so how does this help them in that regard ? 
  so what the you mean by the eu ? 
  i mean we are the eu . 
  do you mean most of the council would like us to raise corporate tax rates ? 
  no shit . 
  we have one of the lowest nominal states . 
  the commission just want us to enforce the headline rate . 
  so i do n't know , maybe the commission is just doing their job , governing for europe , and maybe it 's our own politicians who are enabling massive corporate tax invasion because supporting indigenous industry is too difficult ? 
  how ? 
  what unelected group ? 
  we benefit from less debt , do n't be obtuse . 
  it was n't incredibly effective . 
  however it 's more effective than what you have in the ex-socialist states . 
  understandable of course , they 're poor . 
  providing settled housing of decent quality , healthcare etc is not a panacea . 
  but it integrates people into society over generations . 
  sure , and i would imagine some structural funding goes towards us . 
  there is a solution that has been shown to have success , integration with consent as in spain . 
  offer fair but firm guidance , and resources . 
  is it necessarily fair that they get extra resources ? 
  not really . 
  but it can solve the problem in the long run , meaning less resources expended elsewhere , more economic productivity , and a safer society . 
  but the context was in sc judges being appointed after a clinton victory who had a narrower interpretation of 2a - so how would that work ? 
  there 's no federal election until 2018 . 
  so what would they be voting for ? 
  how come in context it 's clearly after the election ? 
  and why would voting against her ( after she 's elected ?? ), 
  be a `` a horrible day '' ? 
   how brainwashed you are, 
  that 's the whole point of preserving some traditions though . 
  `` culture '' is n't always good . 
  but identities can help people . 
  you do n't destroy it , you modernise it . 
  not really . 
  they want it to be a horse race i assume . 
  look at this `` second ammendment people '' comments . 
  the last part `` that will be a horrible day '' clearly implied killing , yet was kept out of the headlines for example . 
  with most people quotes look better in context . 
  trump has a way with the english language to make it otherwise . 
  why ? 
  reported ? 
  so he might not actually have said them ? 
  the footage is wrong ? 
  yeah that 's fair enough , thank you !, 
   propaganda campaign similar to the campaign against trump that consists of quotes that actually would make him look worse in context ? 
  `` stop reporting russia 's invasion of ukraine , it 's not fair ! '', 
  would the spanish solution not make more sense if you 're going to expend so much resources ? 
  has n't the spanish solution worked fairly well ? 
  still much more problems , but there is a path to long term integration without destroying every cultural tradition . 
  what do you think they will suggest ? 
  what 's the solution ? 
  we need to set up extra territorial refugee camps to make that work , and work to enforce a peace in syria that allows refugees ( who mostly fled assad and thus not too willing to return without changes ) . 
  we ca n't have a shoot to kill policy on the border while also ignoring the largest refugee crisis since wwii .
