  would n't like to see four people who turned to violence from democracy on our notes , sends out the wrong message really . 
  look at people in northern ireland naming places after terrorists for example . 
  sure why not stick all the reigning eu monarchs on our notes ? 
  what harm i say . 
  and thus letting inflation cause a wealth redistribution likely to be more unfair than austerity . 
  the thing about austerity is that its very visual . 
  inflation and devaluation less so . 
  she is not a president , or a politician specifically elected to a certain position like would be done in the us . 
  thus term limits are not enshrined . 
  she is the prime minister of the german federation , elected by her fellow members of parliament as such . 
  if her supporters keep getting elected , she could in theory , be pm ( chancellor ) into her nineties . 
  savages , injuring their police rioting over a damn flag . 
  who do they think they are ? 
  shower of wankers if there ever were . 
  because germany has responsibilities . 
  the removal of assad is crucial . 
  we have seen that he does not care for his people , and is happy to murder his citizens . 
  that said , the assorted rebels can not simply govern on their own . 
  this is not libya . 
  there is not the homogeneous population ( and even there we saw minority groups getting a lot of shit ) , or a near universal anti-assad feeling . 
  the current government , minus assad and a lot of others , has to enter talks with these people , and set up a provisional government . 
  what is happening is ridiculous , and assad wont budge . 
  why do so many spanish people care about this so much ? 
  good god , two eu countries having the dumbest spat ... 
  noooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo, 
  if you use alt international keyboard setting , certain keys allow the accentation of letters . 
  \u00f6 is done by shift + ' + o. 
  i 'd say we are probably more prone to snacking as such . 
  lack of exercise isnt the crux of it anyway . 
  food tastes so good these days , we have so much choice , and its relatively cheap . 
  to an extent i 'm surprised more people arent obese due to this in much of europe , but i 'd reckon ( anti-snacking , in effect ) culture is a big factor here . 
  yeah , kinda disappointed to see france outdoing us on the old alcohol . 
  hard times , i guess . 
  ireland is doing well , most active boys , and second most active girls . 
  anyway , i know this article will get dissed ( wp blah blah ) , but the stats are pretty interesting . 
  shame there isnt a breakdown between male and female obesity though , ages too . 
  pls, 
   the soviets who lost many many lives . 
  still only lost around 3-4 % of there population as a whole . 
  til that the soviet union was secretly by far the most populous country in the world in 1941 , perhaps they hid a few hundred million people under the tundra . 
  well , the open markets of the eu did , i guess . 
  its mostly positive , but many old businesses oft do suffer , but everything is a trade off . 
  its adorable !, 
  big smile on my face when i saw it . 
  nice try , stingy wealthy catalan . 
  hopefully all 27 states will do the same , although i doubt it . 
  i 'd like to see ireland taking some action , would n't be surprised if we make some token gesture at least . 
  this is shocking . 
  i thought some of our politicians were bad , but nothing on this scale , christ . 
  unfortunately , it would still seem that many irish people do not want abortion , even when the mothers health ( not life , as this is about ) , is in danger , or where the child would be severely disabled . 
  do n't let this articles headline fool you , we are still backwards as fuck . 
  that said , it is an important step in the right direction that the mothers * life * is slowly being recognised as more important than the fetus ' survival . 
  french islam is n't as intolerant of homosexuality as muslims in the uk , or maghreb , so there is scope already here . 
  hopefully this can help change attitudes for the better in france , although i 'm too cynical to believe that it will be overwhelmingly positive . 
  10 % unemployment ? 
  looks like it 's time to take out a loan for a new range rover !, 
  sure , my point was you were being cynical about trusting the d\u00e1il with the constitution , i spun that to show that you should thus be cynical about trusting the public with it . 
  it 's a stupid simplistic amendment , no matter one 's position on the issue . 
  i trust a 2/3rd vote of the d\u00e1il more than half the vote of the electorate who turn out . 
  a prime example would be this very amendment . 
  the then government was not a fan . 
  all the more reason to allow both . 
  as for consent , we live in a representative democracy . 
  yeah , not so much an insurgency engaging in acts of terror , more of an army in its own right . 
  very unfortunate for sure . 
  referendum should be an option , but so should a supermajority in both houses . 
  judging by the last two decades in germany , they have a much higher likelyhood of being sniped by a neo-nazi terrorist . 
  go back another two and it 's far left fanatics . 
  your hyperbole shows you do n't really care about genuine issues that may ( and will ) arise , but rather all you care about is spreading hatred . 
   once it became clear what these `` migrants '' were bringing ( hate and violence ) if that was the case should n't you be quite sympathetic to them ? 
  i mean hate and violence is all i see preached by you guys . 
  cognitive dissonance , what is it . 
  or maybe the commenters have simply changed ? 
  normal people do n't have the drive these commenters do . 
  turkey only gives refugee status to europeans . 
  greece is the first `` safe '' country . 
  expecting them to process a million asylum applications is crazy . 
  i agree . 
  however regarding legality , it 's worth realising that it 's impossible to claim the legal right of asylum without entering europe illegally ( turkey refuses to offer asylum to non-europeans , having never ratified the revised treaty ) . 
  and you 're a shmuck if you apply in say hungary , where the hard right government has managed to reject even syrians . 
  i found it hilarious to see people here warning us of muslims destroying our european ideals then praising orb\u00e1n the proto-fascist . 
  i mean if you idolise orb\u00e1n the average refugee is probably a bit too liberal for you ... 
   it 's funny that no one burns cars in czechia and no one do riots in czechia . 
  likewise , from an irish perspective the french go crazy with these things . 
  have you seen some of their strikes ? 
  burning the tires are the norm at half these things . 
  far too bolshy for my tastes . 
  are n't hungarians filthy asian invaders rather than slavic brothers ? 
  i always find us anti-immigrant groups quite funny ( although from a european perspective i 'd often be sympathetic ) . 
  the whole concept of refugees and asylum has come about for good reason . 
  what would you suggest we do with refugees ? 
  that 's because this survey uses country of residency for ireland - ergo irish pregnancies that are terminated elsewhere are counted . 
  heh , you manage to make every topic about this . 
  yes , they 're countries that produce refugees . 
  that 's the common denominator . 
  refugees from crappy countries are unlikely to be well off and well-educated . 
  they 're refugees , not skilled immigrants . 
  they are given asylum for protection . 
  if we want to protect less refugees and enable more to return we have to help stabilise these countries . 
  afghanistan would be much more ( and was ) refugee wise without nato intervention ... however things will deteriorate if its forgotten .
