  there 's a vast difference in thought process . 
  look at the incredibly reactionary language of orb\u00e1n , i 've seen toasters with more empathy and compassion . 
  everyone bar the open borders crowd as i 've said before wants stronger border control - but that means assessing people in border areas and distributing refugees across the union - is orb\u00e1n for that ? 
  right now because border states wo n't assess people ( for good reason - they 'll then be stuck with the entirety of the burden ) , there are hundreds of thousands of asylum seekers with very weak cases passing through europe among people who genuinely need protection . 
  this needs to end , but it requires a unified effort , and cooperation with turkey and also libya , so we can work with them to assess asylum seekers there , deport those who `` skip the queue '' back their for assessment there , and so asylum seekers can be informed of the reality of europe ( 10 % unemployment , no jobs for people with only 9 years of schooling , etc etc ) . 
  i too find this interesting . 
  it 's fairly evident that the weaker students are much more prone to failure . 
  still , while intelligence is necessary for medicine , hard work is more important . 
  if they 're very assiduous , someone with an iq of 105 could make a good doctor . 
  we had the option to study medical french , which i chose - but i 'm not too sure i 'd ever feel comfortable working in french healthcare . 
  too much room for error as you say . 
  we do n't want to have to deal with refugees , but we do have to . 
  there is n't much choice . 
  i disagree with how it 's being handled ( the deal with turkey is more along the lines of my thinking ) , but any solution short of us killing asylum seekers requires us to take in hundreds of thousands per year , hopefully on as temporary a basis as feasible . 
  maybe not in syria , but i could only hope people in neighbouring refugee camps have access to wu , money from relatives who are working in stabler countries would be desperately needed by them . 
  certainly for those in lebanon it could make a huge difference . 
   one of those groups was the taliban . 
  no they were n't . 
  please show me how this was possible , given that the taliban were n't a thing until 91 or so , and did n't launch major ops until like what , 94 ? 
   the pakistani isi got money from the us to arm and train the taliban . 
  no they did n't . 
  again , time travel backwards is n't a thing . 
  the majority of the people the us armed , if they continued fighting after ' 92 , ended up fighting the taliban , which was formed after , aided by pak isi , and large number of pak recruits . 
  your own links say as much , read them again i 'd say . 
  this is such a typical piece of bad history . 
  the us never worked with the taliban . 
  the rapid decolonisation was unfortunately a disaster . 
  coastal angola had been portuguese for some 500 years - there was n't some preexisting non colonial government like in say burundi . 
  yet independence happened in months , and well , the bulk of human capital fled . 
  well meaning of course , but terrible results for the angolan people . 
  the fact that saudi wells are largely land base versus norway 's north sea based rigs makes a huge difference when it comes to extraction costs . 
  worth noting given saudi 's conduct in paris , blatant attempts to derail any real action . 
  this is why it 's so important we increase fossil fuel taxation given low oil prices , they make low carbon energy much less attractive . 
  lisbon created a constitutional method of secession . 
  well judging by the gay marriage fiasco , it 'd probably help you guys notice all the bullshit . 
  yeah , it 's a silly argument . 
  only a few open borders types want a loosening of controls on europe 's borders . 
  as for asylum seekers flowing through the union , i 'd rather them assessed at the border and distributed , but then people freak out about quotas . 
  there are plenty of irish students who while living away from home do n't even cook their own dinner !, 
  mommy/daddy will make them a few packed dinners , they 'll go to a cheap restaurant on thursday , and head home for dinner on friday . 
  and of course washing clothes is out of the question too . 
  it 's a new world thing . 
  incidentally , ireland also had it until 2004 . 
  it became quite problematic as it was used for `` anchor babies '' ( for want of a better term ) , if you had a child here they were given citizenship and it was much harder to deport you from europe . 
  it had to be repealed by a constitutional referendum in the end . 
  yeah , senegal is one of the few truly stable countries in that region with a functioning democracy . 
  complete misuse of refugee unfortunately . 
  hopefully he 'll return home . 
  seeing as he 's been made a minor celebrity it 'd be hard for him to hide from the authorities if they were bothered . 
  i think said evangelicals are more concerned with bringing about the glorious rapture than how shit they 're making the lives of the wrong kind of christian . 
  anyway , how does this article pertain to europe ? 
  yeah turlough was what i was thinking of . 
  can someone with an energy engineering background explain how plausible the idea of modifying existing dams to act as pumped storage is ? 
  because some sort of storage capability is needed with the likes of wind . 
  well have your referendum , go through the secession process . 
  you 're free to . 
  those ukrainians are immigrants , not refugees . 
  you may as well say the uk took in a million poles ... they are working , they are n't part of a burden sharing strategy for europe . 
  we all have responsibility . 
  poland as a state should respect democracy , what happened was n't an act of oppression , but a vote that was won by a clear majority . 
  i hope that european fines on emissions are heavy and reward low carbon countries like france who have pumped far less co2 into the atmosphere than the likes of mine per capita . 
  it depended on which slavs too . 
  only 50 % of czechs were to be exterminated , the rest assimilated ( yay !, 
  lowest tested had an iq of 105 . 
  been a while since i did stats , but that means the worst of those tested was still top 40 % . 
  good , fossil fuels need to be kept in the ground and our carbon emissions are high enough as is . 
  national governments can have a say in a regulated matter concerning matters where the european government does n't have absolute sovereignty via the council , which is the effective upper house , but right now is much more powerful than the lower house which directly represents the people . . 
  i 'd rather see it turned into a proper upper house with permanent representatives who act on behalf of the national government , with the ability for national ministers to `` sit in '' as it were for them . 
  either way , any constitutional change would still require sign off by member states , so not much would change in that regard . 
  as you say , complete rule of national government is dividing us , as national governments advance their own short term interests long term at the expense of the union as a whole - we can see this with the debt crisis , and with ukraine . 
  yeah , that `` anonymous representatives '' argument is bizarre . 
  how hard is it to learn who your meps are in the internet age ? 
  my god . 
  that being said , he 's right , the parliament needs to be given much more power . 
  the lack of legislative initiative is mad . 
  crucially , the head of the commission is now chosen by a governing coalition in parliament - however all members of the executive should be meps . 
  each member state choosing a minister is clunky and does not lead to a cohesive or effective cabinet . 
  there will always be civilian casualties . 
  there have been many due to coalition airstrikes targeting isis . 
  however said airstrikes are precise and have saved far more lives however : a ) russia has access to guided munitions yet is using unguided ones , greatly increasing civilian casualties . 
  they are also using and supplying cluster bombs . 
  it 's 2015 and russia is not engaged in total war . 
  it simply does not care about killing arab civilians , and neither does the syrian government . 
  b ) russia is barely targeting isis . 
  they are instead generally targeting the rebels . 
  many of whom may be unsavoury islamists , but who do not have external ambitions or genocidal tendencies . 
  thus they are enabling the regime which has been responsible for the large majority of deaths and which is the reason why most refugees flee . 
  russia is happy to create more refugees as they 'll come to turkey and the eu , not russia . 
  the population does not care about unjustifiable civilian deaths like europe 's does . 
  the airstrikes cost lives but further weaken the west and embolden the syrian regime , so it 's a win win for russia . 
  we allowed this to happen by being so weak on the syrian front . 
  just with regards to growth rates - if gdp grows by 10 % in ethiopia with no population growth , that 's an increase of say $ 50 in production per person . 
  if it grows by 1 % in latvia , that 's an increase of say $ 200 . 
  that said , the relative scale of that change makes it far more noticeable in ethiopia than latvia . 
  of course the countryside is n't going to be that developed - but how about you look around irish towns and cities and look at all the 19th and early 20th century infrastructure ? 
  the mere fact that we had a stable capitalist economy with strong property rights alone conferred huge productive advantage compared to the majority of the world which was still emerging from feudalism . 
   that we were disadvantaged is the point i am making . 
  sure , we did n't have coal etc. 
  but how does this make us one of the worlds poorest countries pre-independence ? 
  it shows how we were disadvantaged vis-a-vis the rest of the uk .
