  does it serve as a sort of conservation area for them similar to the chernobyl exclusion zone ? 
   i actually do n't think most people on this subreddit has anything against syrians , there 's certainly a well upvoted bunch that demand they go and `` fight '' . 
  sad really . 
  and yeah , i agree with your point on afghanistan - hence my point regarding turkish refugees , that we must maintain a high bar for granting asylum to asylum seekers . 
  i was talking about worker 's rights ... obviously democracy and such is another issue , i do n't see what that has to do with anything we were talking about . . ? 
  rights are indeed being gradually improved . 
  that 's how this works . 
  you do n't start off at german level wages , benefits and rights in vietnam , you work your way there over 5-6 decades . 
  those only exist as that private infrastructure was developed there as china was able to compete . 
  well if they offer the same wages , benefits and conditions , it 'll be less expensive to employ germans in germany than chinese in china due to the advantages of infrastructure , education , rule of law etc. 
   you bought in the narrative that a chinese life is worth less than a german . 
  no i did not !, 
  i simply stated that it 's easier for a german worker in germany :  people who advocate equal working conditions would cripple the ability of these countries - with worse infrastructure , lower standards of education , weaker rule of law - to ever develop themselves . 
  that 's what i said . 
   even if they 'd have way more rights , the chinese would be competitive because the standard of living is lower there , they have massive logistic/supply chains , etc. 
  well the standard of living is lower because wages are lower . 
  you want to increase their wages and benefits to the german level , at least that 's what i got from your posts . 
  but you ca n't discriminate based on that . 
  young syrian men fleeing conscription for example obviously need asylum more , yet people on this subreddit want to deny them protection anywhere !, 
  it 's not a case of that . 
  please , reread my post . 
   those african countries suffered from dictatorships , coups , nepotism , corruption etc. 
  there are no two regions that can be compared on this globe . 
  well this is my point ... they never could provide stable conditions for investment . 
  every country bar petrostates developed this way . 
   eastern europe ? 
   how about taxing big corporations based on the profits they make in each country and not letting them hide money all over the globe ? 
  that 's something i would certainly support . 
  that money should be channeled into climate aid and such . 
   what stops a chinese worker from having the same work place benefits as a german ? 
  because you know what would happen ? 
  the chinese worker would no longer be able to compete with the german , would be rendered unemployed , and would end up working in far worse conditions . 
  people who advocate equal working conditions would cripple the ability of these countries - with worse infrastructure , lower standards of education , weaker rule of law - to ever develop themselves . 
  i think you really do mean well , but please , think about what 's really best for the world . 
  exactly . 
  it 's a load of horseshit . 
  these people are useful idiots for the jihadis , the same sort of people who advocate we just let russia have ukraine and that we were wrong for letting the baltics join the west . 
  islamic extremists mostly kill other muslims . 
  blaming `` drones '' is an attempt to victim blame at some level , when we get attacked by them . 
  it completely neglects most of the people killed . 
  we did n't help in ruining at all . 
  we helped saved the country from a protracted civil war due to a dictator with little popular support refusing to accept his rule was at an end . 
  libyans ruined libya , we can only do so much babysitting . 
  hopefully things improve though , ca n't blame the tobruk holdouts - democratically elected - for not wanting to accept the gna government . 
   they would actually be people we should take as refugees . 
  not really . 
  if our acceptance conditions are this low it would mean we 'd end up rejecting far fewer asylum claims . 
  we 'll have to judge this on a case by case basis . 
  still , if they 're already here given their skillset perhaps we should be more lenient with deportations and such if they are n't a burden on us , it does n't benefit either party to deport them in that case . 
   maybe democracy was the wrong form of government for these folks in the first place . 
  putin and erdo\u011fan agree . 
   who is to say that conditions would have not improved without forcing people in basically sweat shops ? 
  well ... we can look at countries that did n't get investment to allow them to grow by adding value in manufacturing . 
  an awful lot of african countries never managed to provide stable investment conditions . 
  compare them to even bangladesh . 
  it 's all very well complaining about globalisation , but it 's the best option we have right now . 
  the left and hard right have to offer solutions too , you ca n't just demonise the liberalisation and low trade barriers that have lifted hundreds of millions out of poverty . 
  the likes of sanders and trump in the us seem to advocate mercantalist trade policy which is baffling at best , xenophobic and callous at worst . 
   in what conditions are your iphones made , how about the shirts you buy from zara ? 
  conditions that are far better for the workers than those their parents faced . 
  why do n't you go to south korea and shout in the streets that they should never have had the chance to make computer components or clothes in less than perfect conditions ? 
  your attitude would keep the global poor in dire poverty instead of allowing them to catch up with us . 
  as / u/newusernamereddit points out , your privilege of growing up in a developed country is blinding you . 
  liberalising trade is far more use to the third world than foreign aid , which is best used in the world 's worst off countries . 
  unfortunate really . 
  people ca n't help their height . 
  i mean it 's pleasant to be told you 're a nice height , but it makes you feel shit for shorter guys who get the eh , short end of the proverbial stick . 
   those would n't stop being gang members if gun were outlawed . 
  yes there would still be gangs , but the threshold for killing someone would be increased . 
  in the us every gang member has a gun . 
  are gangs in europe armed ? 
  sure . 
  but there are much less guns on the street . 
  lack of weekly beheadings in the town square is a legitimate grievance you know . 
  what was the alternative to sanctions ? 
   why is oettinger talking about this ? 
  he 's part of the commission cabinet . 
  members of cabinets get asked about things outside their specific brief all the time . 
  if they had the cia helping them the internet would have been shut down . 
  we also have an opt out from european defence policy . 
  we 'll have to amend our constitution at some point to fix that . 
  exactly . 
  / u/krijger96 is simply outputting buzzwords . 
  what i would like to see is for parliament to be granted more powers , ergo making things less confederal and more `` democratic '' ( i do n't think confederal decision making is undemocratic , it 's just a different form of decision making ) , yet euroskeptics freak out at the notion of that . 
  yes you do . 
  you need centralised regulation to ensure no barriers to trade . 
  these regulations already existed in each jurisdiction , there simply has been harmonisation . 
  in fact a lot of these things are actually subject to common wto rules that the eu agreed to in the wto . 
   here in the west , the cuban missile crisis is still presented purely as a case of soviet aggression . 
  yeah . 
  i do n't think anyone would accuse me of not being pro-western , but this is really annoying . 
  it 's constantly neglected how the us had nuclear weapons right next door to the ussr , so when the ussr tried to put nukes in cuba it was simply equalising things . 
  the cost is the subs . 
  the sensationalism is annoying but an axe attack could be incredibly mutilating . 
  3 are `` heavily '' injured . 
  hopefully no limbs are lost ( or lives ) . 
   formally its up to mep to approve or decline legislation , but they have usually no idea what they are voting on . 
  legislation is initiated by the european commission as is the case with every other parliament , and every executive in a parliamentary or semi-parliamentary system initiates legislation . 
  what you want is for parliament to be able to do so also . 
  what you 're arguing for is a more powerful parliament .
