  i think the most compelling argument for me in this article is that irish should n't be a bloody official european language . 
  i feel bad for all those catalans , seeing a language a few hundred thousand barely speak holding everything up . 
  i hate when such excessive propaganda is used , even when the intention is well . 
  a good example is michael moore - he may be right , but his productions are one sided and fail to acknowledge realities . 
  i 'm sure there are perfectly good reasons for press restrictions in turkey , most countries have some . 
  certainly the pkk is a problem , and in ireland paramilitaries were gagged and the media too by the government in that field . 
  the problem is when the government starts intervening excessively and dangerously . 
  i would usually find al jazeera fair in this sort of reporting mind you . 
  it 's unfortunate really . 
  i hope things will change on that front . 
  do n't see the akp being for that however . 
  yes , i agree . 
  i think syria is a perfect example of how difficult it is to make such calls . 
  i 'm coming around to the idea these days though that we have to pick sides in civil wars , although support governments with regard to reforms before it comes to that . 
  oh well that 's fair enough . 
  i think it is sad that we never intervened in say , rwanda though . 
  i guess the somali situation put everyone off , but it was a shame that too was backed out of . 
   why ? 
  you know , climate change ... 
  all aboard the climate change train i guess . 
  we should n't be decommissioning nuclear until we are not producing a single a kilojoule from coal , oil , gas , or peat . 
  the decision of austria and italy has increased potential emissions , and the climate science was there in 1986 . 
  germany could have went the route of zero carbon energy if they really wanted . 
  instead , coal is being burnt , new plants are being built . 
  so you would rather a terrorist state to exist , destabilising states on europe 's edge ? 
  fucking hell , if our interests coallign with helping people escape from the thumb of some sort of hellish regime that is fighting a democratic ally i 'm all for intervention . 
  your attitude would have left the entirety of europe under the thumb of the nazis or soviets . 
  fact is , you have to intervene . 
  mayhaps not altruistically , but common human decency does factor into it . 
  and this is why dictators are a bad idea . 
  ah that is fair enough !, 
  my comment was just relating to johann 's . 
  ca n't say i have been to greece so i really do n't know what the situation on the ground is . 
  and pay the extortionate data charges our networks demand ? 
  all signs in europe should be in latin script . 
  it 's the lingua-franca of scripts . 
  nothing wrong with greek , cyrillic , etc script too , but i mean , if you are a country that halfway cares about tourism , make sure new signs are dual script . 
  signs are a must for tourists ( even tourists from 30km away !, 
  ) , and signs in a script they can read too . 
  so how 's that csu doing ? 
  look i do n't want to see die linke , but i 'll take the sdp over cdu/csu any day . 
  in all fairness , inflation should be feared . 
  inflation is just a really bad method of wealth redistribution imo . 
  i would rather see actual fiscal transfers and such . 
  on a serious note , i really do n't see why a persons aged induced appearance or body mass factors into their political ability , especially so if they are female . 
  is it insecurity or what ? 
  perhaps their comment section might do that , but their news reporting is generally quite informative , certainly when compared to the alternatives in the british press . 
  [ nasa have a nice page on this ] ( http://spinoff.nasa.gov/apollo.htm ) . 
  i personally think that pushing the boundaries of human technology is very important . 
  we need to keep pushing ourselves , and at the moment i do not think europe is making the best of our talent . 
  cern is an example of what we can do - something that has ` no tangible benefits ' , but in the long run helps us understand physics and tell us what we think is correct or otherwise . 
  if the us could spare the resources in the sixties i believe europe can today . 
  we must strive towards a better future . 
  that is much like ireland i guess , people in rural areas tend to have a bit more representatives per capita than those in the capital . 
  sorry for the misunderstanding , cheers for the info , 
   useless stat . 
  no statistic is truly useful , and a statistic like this is interesting and informative . 
  what does this tell us ? 
  it tells us that while italy has a lot of external debt , its situation is not near as bad as the public debt figure indicates . 
   introducing proportional representation in parliament based on an opinion poll . 
  ( i.e. 
  because the majority said the majority should have more power and that 's called democracy . ), 
  i am confused by this . 
  iceland does not have proportional representation ? 
  i for one can not see how a party can in theory win every seat if they get exactly 50 % + 1 of the vote in every constituency . 
  a somewhat proportional system both prevents a complete two party system , and grants a fairer representation of people 's views . 
   ireland is often cited as proof of success , but many people often forget to mention that as soon as shit was going down , the uk jumped in and made sure they got bailed out , and even provided funds itself towards it . 
  you see the funny part ? 
  success story -  uk was part of it , fail stories -  uk did n't want any part of -- maybe it 's nothing to do with geography anymore , but how you are helped . 
  funny how we ( especially me ) used to mock the uk about their euro doom , but as time is going by they are being proven more and more correct -- and the moral of the story is : at least admit it when you were wrong instead of trying to deny the facts . 
  as an irishman i have to disagree . 
  the uk 's bilateral loan is appreciated , however it is but a small part of the bailout package . 
  our conditions are nowt to do with their support as such . 
  yes , our deepest condolences . 
   france during the 00s made structural changes  last time the finnish economy crashed it was in the beginning of 90s and that was bad time in all of the developed world . 
  these are both quite incorrect , sorry . 
  because they were fortunate . 
  do not be so naive to think that the countries which required bailouts behaved particularly badly . 
  naively perhaps , but outside greece recklessness was common in much of europe , everyone thought they were invincible . 
  the exceptions of course were those who were lucky to have had a crash while the economy was booming - like finland . 
  krugman 's increasingly half assed analysis is really destroying his credibility . 
  poland may be not lost , however i 'd rather he 'd get lost at this stage , and come back with a renewed sense of journalistic integrity . 
  i think my brain is trying to insinuate things , 
  if germany really wants this then they 'll have to stop backing away from taking action . 
  danish jets were imposing a un resolution over libya while germany was hiding in the corner trying to avoid killing people far too late in the game . 
  i 'm all for a stronger european foreign policy , i 'm just not for one that acts as if we are chile , rather than the worlds second largest combined military force . 
  but i do not think it is democratic that just because something is smaller it can be treated more carelessly . 
  heil hamburg has a nice ring to it i think . 
  now now , the important thing is that it tried . 
  the point regarding there always being ` another election ' is very true . 
  i agree with the author that some level of synchronisation would help . 
  yet a the moment , we ca n't even hold european parliament elections on the sane day . 
  you know , this is an interesting story . 
  shame the source is blatantly racist , as is the poster . 
  the anglican church has always had more cop on than the roman catholic one . 
  the commission is europe 's government . 
  you ca n't just get rid of it ... 
  perhaps each member state parliament could choose three people to become senators of the new upper house , to replace the council or ministers . 
  that way states are still represented as states . 
  and that is only fair .
