  exactly . 
  this map was posted on mapporn , expect it was of the world . 
  that 's what disgusts me . 
  this was callous and deliberate . 
  nevermind greece , turkey 's economy has evidently collapsed without anyone noticing . 
  turkey is europe , if russia is there turkey certainly should be . 
  that blank space on the map was a bit confusing , there 's no reason for the deliberate exclusion of turkey ( as this is taken from a global map ) . 
  edit : looked at this guys comment history ( not yours , chem ) , he evidently has an agenda . 
  the lengths people go to . 
  still , good prep for the lc . 
  buck up :p, 
  ah barry you should be studying . 
  well , it is far better . 
  that said , there were many 25 years ago who would n't have thought of poland and co. as european , the concept of ` western europe ' has only eroded with the crisis . 
  ah god , we 'd never take out all their nukes . 
  * most austrian states are actually poland . 
  edit : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flags_and_coats_of_arms_of_the_austrian_states for the uninformed . 
  well on the other hand that does seem fair . 
  i guess i just ca n't help but feel there is a ` duty ' there or something . 
  do you know what ? 
  skype was european . 
  that 's what it was , 
  ah god , you ca n't give us a choice of russia or america . 
  at least america probably wont lace my food with polonium . 
  was n't it estonian ? 
  that 's what i presumed . 
  i find it somewhat bizarre that he marries a swedish princess yet does not wish to accept his title and responsibilities as such . 
  giving up his american citizenship is just par for the course really , in my mind . 
  [ wikipedia has a good article on it ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seanad ) . 
  it does not really represent the estates , the original senate did but certainly not this one . 
  do n't think there are even any lords or knights in either the lower house or the senate . 
  ah , observers would indeed have a different mandate , my mistake . 
  thanks for the explanation , 
  i do n't mean to be rude , but , does n't withdrawing peacekeepers when fighting actually breaks out completely go against their purpose ? 
  we all remember what happened with the peacekeepers in bosnia . 
  edit : my knowledge has been proven faulty . 
  sorry everyone . 
  jesus , turning down a swedish royal rank like that ? 
  surely he knew what he is getting into . 
  silly man . 
  not really , as a federation you certainly need one !, 
  in ireland however , the senate is based on ` vocational ' groups , so trade unions , university graduates etc elect senators in different panels . 
  the prime minister also appoints 11 ( or so ) . 
  generally a lot of these pm appointees are mp 's who failed to retain their seat , or those who just missed out on getting in to parliament . 
  originally it was used to give the protestant minority a voice , but in 1937 this was changed with pm de valera 's new constitution . 
  there is n't a blanket ban as far as i know , however . 
  you basically ca n't get an abortion in ireland , not even if the baby is going to be dead on arrival . 
  in ** ireland ** : * there is to be a referendum on abolishing the senate . 
  cue government parties failing to toe the line , as many politicians wish to keep it . 
  * the weather . 
  it 's very sunny and confusing . 
  20 \u00b0 c almost everywhere . 
  beaches packed . 
  * abortion . 
  15,000 people attended a ` vigil for life ' yesterday . 
  bare in mind abortion on demand is not even being introduced . 
  * capital spending budget to be increased by $ 150m . 
  it had been continually cut over the last 5 years . 
  in ireland they were oft utilised to remove someone who might inherit something from the picture . 
  i imagine that was a common ( relatively ) practice elsewhere . 
  that 's a very good question . 
  i would imagine it does , as far as i know malta and ireland are the only two countries in europe with blanket bans on abortion ( it 's even fully legal in albania , russia , turkey etc as far as i know ) . 
  the question is how restrictive it is . 
  well right now the eu is confederal . 
  confederations work fine in the good times , but when push comes to shove the messiness of who has what power , and the primacy of states over people causes problems . 
  i 'd much rather see a more federal system of governance , where parliament was supreme and a sort of bundesrat represented the states . 
  whatever about culture differences between say , sweden and denmark , there are quite big cultural differences between hypothetical members iceland and turkey . 
  it 's great to hear of progress . 
  i hope things keep improving in croatia . 
  in ireland homosexuality was a criminal offence twenty years ago , but things can improve and hopefully they will . 
  whatever about cancer , it seems alzheimer 's is going to become a greater and greater problem . 
  despite this , it gets far less funding than cancer ( of course mind you , cancer is very diverse ) . 
  i 'd rather lose my body than my mind i guess . 
  actually , dihydrogen monoxide is a growing problem , and it is in a lot of the foods and such that we associate with health problems . 
  the government should do something . 
  what the fuck ? 
  at least in most of europe we have a healthcare system . 
  portugal spends around a quarter as much per person as the us does yet manages to have a better healthcare system . 
  stop reading infowars for a few minutes . 
  certainly !, 
  if there is to a referendum it should be everywhere . 
  there should probably be various ways to make amendments , perhaps with certain things only amendable by referendum . 
  well i think it 's for the best the uk has a referendum . 
  my point was however that there should be a standardised way to ammend the treaties . 
  not really , we have parliaments to do that . 
  there should be a standard system for amending the ( effective ) constitution of the union . 
  uh . . remove kebab ? 
  ireland got divorce in 1995 , we still do n't have abortion ( only getting around to introducing it for cases where no abortion will lead to the death of the mother ) . 
  do n't expect malta to have proper abortion laws for a few decades . 
  i personally find it surprising , as he seemed to be backing down earlier . 
  he may as well have stamped ` dickhead ' on his forehead with this move . 
  yes i agree , income transfers should be for children as such , not couples . 
  in all fairness , becoming an eu state has allowed ireland to reduce it 's reliance on britain , i.e. 
  beforehand a level of sovereignty was lost to the uk without any voice , now the sovereignty is lost to somewhere where we actually have a voice , if a small one . 
  hopefully armenia moves towards the west , and out of the gravitational pull of russia . 
  also good to see that there is an effort being made to improve relations with turkey . 
  * oh , i know their language is semetic , and apparently it is quite the hodge-podge of languages . 
  however most speak great english . 
  * they have a high obesity rate so their food must be pretty good . 
  * they are the smallest eu state ( 400,000 or so ? ),
