  you know what really impresses me ? 
  that so many of them choose / r/europe , yes , right here , to make their first posts !, 
  it really is heartwarming to see how much of a beacon we are . 
  at least you guys have a cool flag . 
  remove fyrom, 
  it 's really great to see this influx of non-regulars in certain threads . 
  refreshing to see new opinions , in such a small set of topics ? 
  sigh . 
  oh stop downvoting him , he is legitimately parodying these fools . 
  for me , asturias is the wales of spain . 
  please tell me how inaccurate that is :p, 
  it 's not something i 'd notice usually but you have a point . 
  i never said we are the victims . 
  we do take very little casualties these days ( although certainly a great deal of mental trauma is imparted on our forces ) . 
  however i take issue with people justifying this sort of stuff due to legitimate intervention in places like afghanistan or libya ( i 'm not including iraq here but i doubt even bush really wanted to kill loads of arabs ) . 
  just because this guy liked the fact that gadaffi murdered thousands of salafists ( heh , doubt he knows about that eh ? 
  ) , does n't make it right for him to bloody decapitate someone . 
  but he was a racist , he discriminated based on race ... 
  allahu akhbar and god save the queen are hardly mutually exclusive but that is irrelevant . 
  whether he wants to be or not he seems to be a londoner to me . 
  should n't they be imprisoned here rather than sent somewhere where they may end up let loose ? 
  this is a londoner attacking a member of the british armed forces . 
  i 'd imagine the rest of his school class would have protested or voted like a normal person . 
  not him . 
  these people really need help or something . 
  i wonder if the intelligence services knew . 
  i 'm not denying that western nations commit atrocities , but unlike this they are n't deliberate . 
  shockingly enough the uk does n't actually want to kill civilians , in say , afghanistan , but rather taliban and other armed anti-govt . 
  forces . 
  jesus this is mad . 
  fucked up shit . 
  just watched a video there on channel 4 . 
  a black londoner holding a machete , hands covered in blood . 
  ranted about how this was in response to the british government invading arab countries . 
  he did n't look arab but i guess he could be . 
  all rather creepy . 
   ireland for most of the last 200 years was a primarily an agrarian society providing food to the british market . 
  as was basically every other society , bar parts of gb , waloonia , etc. 
   only in the last three decades has a complex economic system grown in ireland . 
  so yes in relation to this we are like china . 
  it is only in the previous 30 years where a financial section , a tech sector and a manufacturing sector have emerged in our country . 
  if you apply this argument to ireland it can be applied almost everywhere . 
  look at spain , thailand , whatever . 
  ireland was far from being particularly poor in global terms . 
  in fact it was really just poor for a developed country , as it would be compared with the us or what have you . 
   ireland is not involved in any race to the bottom our tax policy has remained unchanged for many years . 
  if other countries suddenly choose to adopted an irish style tax regime that has nothing to do with us . 
  sadly though it does . 
  the world ca n't run on the basis of low tax rates . 
  if everyone put their taxes as low as the lowest , we 'd all be broke . 
  ireland is not involved in any race to the bottom our tax policy has remained unchanged for many years . 
  if other countries suddenly choose to adopted an irish style tax regime that has nothing to do with us . 
   not anti british , just pointing out historic and current political and economic realities . 
  oh what are you then ? 
  you certainly do n't seem to see the uk in a favourable light . 
  go away with your facts and figures krattr !, 
  we all know they are made up by the lizard illuminati . 
  evidently this poster thinks that they are far more spanish than the coloured spaniard working for some bank in madrid because they obviously are not ` spanish ' . 
  so when these people have children , will said children count as having ` spanish parents ' ? 
  ireland being classed with china ? 
  ireland not being involved in a taxation race to the bottom ? 
  what are you smoking tonight , jesus . 
  and please feck off with your anti-brit tripe . 
  why should people even have to be told this ? 
  i never felt that this was really in question in places like london . 
  your colour obviously does n't define your nationality . 
  yeah indeed , due to israel 's immigration rules being based on religion there really is an eclectic mix . 
  fair fucks to you for listening to another set of information and changing your mind . 
  doubt i could do that as easy as you did . 
  while straight is the default ( it 's kind of necessary for species survival ) , one ca n't just presume people are straight ( or what have you ) , on the internet . 
  i would n't trust rt on this front . 
  perhaps they are making things look worse for anti-government protestors ( given russia 's internal issues ) , or vice-versa . 
  i do n't know , it looks quite violent to me . 
  police brutality is maybe a bit less common here . 
  i do n't like either but i 'll take him over putin any day , as would you if you had to choose . 
  russia 's faux-democracy is a shambles . 
  i want to believe it 's just a coordinated thing . 
  i want to . 
  it seems like this place is just world news with better content more and more . 
  i mean look at ` niggerjew ' a blatant example of all that is wrong with the world , getting upvoted . 
  worse case scenario is that millions of people tie , we fuck up our economy and large swathes of territory are rendered inhabitable . 
  it 's rather serious . 
  ah , only eurovision could cause a diplomatic incident quite like this . 
   will be doomed in islamic struggle god yeah , i remember when the sudanese guy on my bus could n't let me sit down next to him because he had too many bags . 
  i enjoyed my time in belfast , but as a corkman , it did not feel as familiar as dublin at all . 
  it * is * a different country , it 's certainly not japan , but its not the same , for better or worse . 
  i am talking about portuguese immigrants in france . 
  judging by the downvotes , evidently not :p, 
  yes top-up is what i mean !, 
  perhaps different terms are used around the place . 
  most europeans do n't use contracts , we use * top-up * phones ( you top-up your phone with credit ) . 
  a contract could work out better for you however , but i would keep in mind the fact that over here pay-as-you-go is oft the better option . 
   racism is n't ingrained in our culture but , it is , and believe me france is no exception !, 
  i do not mean to single france out , it is a country i admire !, 
  i gave an example in another post of french forces being excluded from media in wwii . 
  because they did n't look french . 
  so yes racism was there , and prejudice is there . 
  i imagine much of time its unintentional . 
  and there are more crimes committed by blacks , muslims , urban dwellers , poor etc than those outside that venn diagram . 
  i do n't dispute that at all .
