  / r/badhistory is that way -- , 
  less than two hundred years ago in romania - this much worse position and inherent prevention of integration obviously still plays some role , you think it does n't ? 
  i 'm sure you could go do a similar report in poland too , but i would n't be surprised if the situation was better generally . 
  you see , the difference is that we 're not planning on enslaving syrian refugees . 
  this is exactly what happens - people `` escape '' being roma and thus the people you see identifying as roma are n't the successful ones . 
  you might be able to tell by their name , but you 're not going to ask as a ) it 's not really your business , and b ) there are huge negatives associated with that identification . 
  just because a population might have such inherent disadvantages when it comes to planning does n't mean they mean that this is what has to happen . 
  look at the romani community in spain - sure there are problems with underachievement and criminality but there are not such slums and there is much greater cohesion socially . 
  i was talking about the polish middle class ... in poland . 
  we do n't need to jump straight to big bad scary `` immigrants '' 24/7 . 
  because poles are a great proxy for africans right - their maternal mortality rate is only 500 times lower than sierra leone 's !, 
  the fear is strong . 
  gadaffi was part of that `` small bunch '' . 
  i 'm not talking about the rebellion , but the greedy militia commanders , gadaffi loyalists , hardcore islamists who would n't accept the democratic vote of the people etc. 
  yeah , tell that to any irish person , that things are so much worse than the 70s ... 
  if that 's true these people have gone down the alt-right rabbit hole they 're more keen on pleasing american / pol / users than actually wanting what 's best for people . 
  i 'll just take the view they 're a liar , less distressing tbh . 
  hmm i suppose that 's fair , if the civil war was killing in the hundreds of thousands rather than the thousands the africans might try egypt or algeria instead . 
  but there 'd also be a lot more pointlessly dead people . 
  how would a more vicious civil war with absolutely no central government ( as opposed to two today ) , have led to * less * migrants ? 
  you 'd have libyans joining the africans !, 
  did you just accuse me of using buzzwords when you used regressive left to dismiss my attitude whereas i pointed out legitimate issues with the anti-globalisation narrative ? 
  how are the middle classes worse of now in europe than in the 70s ? 
  maybe in your america , but not in europe . 
  enjoy voting for trump and watching him lose every state . 
  and you can continue to not care for other people then wonder why your company is n't desired . 
  personally , i 'll remain happy when estonians end up better off, 
  look i do n't mind the term regressive left but you 're really not doing it any favours . 
  feel free to put forward an argument against what i 've said though !, 
  yes , how dare other europeans get involved in a case of secession from their union !, 
  i for one would be happy for the uk to have such a norwegian arrangement . 
  after 800 years , ireland could finally have a role in ruling over the uk without their say !, 
  how does it fuck the polish middle class in this instance ? 
  a lot of this `` anti-globalisation '' rhetoric is thinly veiled nationalism and xenophobia , look how trump is exploiting it . 
  europeanisation at least has been good for so much of europe - compare the eastern states today to 12 years ago . 
  tell eurostat that . 
  this is for the same band of unemployment in each state . 
   eu destroyed libya now it must live the consequences . 
  a small bunch of libyans destroyed libya . 
  you think things would 've been better had we let the civil war drag on in 2011 , a war gadaffi could n't win but could cause huge suffering with ? 
  what should they do differently then ? 
   is it simply not important because germany is doing reasonably well ? 
  pretty much . 
  what on earth do you expect , tightening of monetary policy to fuck over spain and italy so germans can be $ 20 a year better off ? 
  why should they care more about germany than france ? 
  christ on a bike , they govern for europe , not bavaria . 
  germany has one of the lowest unemployment rates in the union by far . 
  stop complaining . 
  you 're saying this in reply to a post with a link to the brevik attacks . . ? 
   the migration problem is made worse by the free flow of people within the schengen area . 
  which was easily halted by acting on an emergency clause , in sweden 's case . 
  ugh , that 's absolutely disgusting . 
  these people are losing what makes us human . 
  well so far it certainly seems like they 're unfit to govern , and that sweden has n't missed out not having them in power . 
  shame , as europe needs stronger voices regarding climate change , but this euroskeptic , nuclear obsessed party with clear illiberal tendencies is n't one . 
  hardly . 
  i would n't have voted as i do n't want direct democracy for such issues ( even though i would support efforts to keep fossil fuels in the ground ) . 
  i 'm well aware of this , this makes my statistics wrong how ? 
  it really is bizarre . 
  i feel like most of / r/europe thinks sweden has a higher crime rate than estonia at this point , and this is actually one of the better subreddits . 
  i would n't mind but i do n't think anyone would call me pro-muslim immigration , like . 
  if sweden , with its < 2 % deficit/gdp ( 1 % last year ) and < 45 % debt/gdp is on its way to bankruptcy , god help the rest of the planet . 
  talk about amateur dramatics !, 
  edit : should i mention 3 % growth last year , positive current account balance , positive yet low inflation ? 
  the one issue is unemployment of 7.4 % , which reduced from 7.9 % in 2014 . 
  irish and british people love houses , it 's a cultural thing . 
  british houses are thus tiny due to density constraints . 
  it was a total war - the amount of people dying daily due to allied bombing raids paled in comparison to the eastern front . 
  sure mistakes were made but the thrust of the strategic bombing was necessary to end the war as soon as possible . 
  it 's silly to bring this up like that . 
  exactly . 
  europe 's inability to restrain russia and thus the syrian regime due to our wish to keep business as usual ongoing makes this now surprise . 
  now we 're stuck with the turkish situation . 
  the price of inertia . 
  great argument . 
  ukraine has long been a hub of space industry . 
  turkey is a lot better off . 
  the two could benefit from cooperation . 
  my point being that the americans were perfectly benevolent , and they protected you from the socialist alternative of the ddr . 
  you should appreciate that . 
  if it was a case of half of germany , or all of it being under a soviet puppet you would be a lot worse off today , even assuming the iron curtain still fell in 1989 . 
  you 're not exactly making us feel any safer here ... 
  yes , and how they conquered you , with democracy and explosive economic growth , you really had it as bad as those compatriots under the soviet thumb . 
  gosh , that 's so kirchner . 
  i 'd say it 's more an ideological problem - a disproportionate amount of these people are converts , after all . 
  they are correct though in that isis is in no way an existential threat - it is to iraqis and syrians sure , but not to europe . 
  russia is . 
  they are aggressive on our borders and have a massive nuclear arsenal . 
  the whole point here is limiting immigration though , so not really . 
  this is along the lines of what i 've been saying for a year . 
  i was suspicious of renzi given the manner in which he came to power , but he has really moved italy , and more importantly , europe , forward . 
  other european leaders can not let this go to waste . 
  yeah , i 'm not saying i ever thought he was as smart as the likes of david miliband , but even this is worse than i expected from him . 
  anyway , obama obviously wo n't promote an instance of secession that would weaken europe , the us 's # 1 ally - what a shock . 
  he 'll of course seek to avoid that . 
  inside ps , perhaps ( i 'm not too sure , i read a lot less french media than three years ago ) , but among the voting public ? 
  they are certainly more popular . 
  their more liberal economics certainly appeal to me personally , but hollande is generally unpopular in france . 
  yes !, 
  this anti-antidepressant craze we 've seen since the 90s does more harm than good .
