  exactly . 
  hofer himself made this an issue . 
  it did n't come out of nowhere as some sort of slander , he stated he would take the role to its constitutional limit , as opposed to acting like previous presidents . 
  this is why i find the random `` plucky hero of the day '' viral sensation thing so stupid . 
  you have no idea who these people are , what they believe , or what their motivation is . 
  oh you were referring to merkel ? 
  yeah not a fan , she 's no orb\u00e1n though at least . 
  well , at least hitler removed himself from power eventually . 
  he 's also been getting a lot of publicity over it , which is handy as ryanair have n't had much of late . 
   thats true . 
  i can deduct from my danish taxes though . 
  i 'm going to take a wild guess and say you thus pay $ 0 to the us federal government in that case . 
  the system always seemed fair to me given how it 's deducted like that . 
  a european version could help tackle people moving their residency to tax havens while still taking advantage of our citizenship . 
   let all those who would stand in the way of islam tremble at the sight of our horse , weep at the sight of our canon and flee at the sight of our janissaries . 
  * watches as / u/rhatkor goes orthodox within 5 years *, 
   high taxes ah , americans . 
  does n't that pertain to not what was actually used to make your electricity , but trading among utilities to meet emissions targets ? 
  so portuguese renewable generated power might be sold to a spanish utility on paper to make their electricity greener . 
  i 'm pretty sure that britain is n't that well suited to hydro , being not that mountainous , and quite dense . 
  certainly options are limited in england . 
  it 's important to note that the more leeway we give russia in europe , the more they and the syrian regime are able to act with impunity in syria itself - it 's a false economy , as it means more people fleeing violence . 
  seeing as my poor vjay got ruined last time after i lost connection i think i 'll leave it rest in peace . 
  edit : nevermind , if we 're starting a new game next week i 'll try again . 
  i 'll take that as a `` no , i have n't '' . 
  well in all fairness his relatively poor country is dealing with twice as many refugees as the eu . 
   textbook example of a dictator . 
  i 'm guessing you have n't read many textbooks . 
   erdo\u011fan said : `` shame on those who do n't show sensitivity ... to the women and children who reach out to them for help . 
  shame on those who deny the sensitivity they show to ... the whales , the seals and the turtles in the sea to 23 million syrians . '' interesting . 
  makes you wonder if he actually genuinely cares . 
  can be hard to tell with such people . 
   ireland for helping multinationals pay less taxes , is this why nl gains so much too ? 
  indeed . 
  a small one , that should allow for borrowing for capital expenditure , certainly if the tax cutting agenda is shelved . 
  we have very very low levels of public investment right now . 
  also we 're obviously not going to be building new cities with 0.4 % of china 's population , and we 'd similarly maybe have opened one high speed rail line based on such a comparison . 
  you 're right though i suppose - dublin still has n't started construction on a metro , and the metro planned is n't anyway extensive and is basically an underground light rail system . 
  i 'm very confused as to what is actually supposed to happen - hopefully the city gets a proper metro that will be self contained . 
  what 's more , the last government wanted both the metro and dart underground ( electrified commuter train ) to be partly privately financed - a waste of money long term when our debt is falling relatively fast . 
  they also opted for cheaper options . 
  bear in mind i 'm from the second city so i have no love for dublin !, 
  personally i 'm very much against any tax cuts with public investment so low . 
  does n't hungary have relatively little fdi ? 
  on paper it should be a great target for investment , but i guess the political environment makes it less palatable than nearby countries with similar cost levels and infrastructure . 
  yes , because that will mean an end to corrupt hungarians , right ? 
  i find that interesting . 
  i 'd have thought people would see romania in a better light the last few years , given the issues with hungary 's government and how that contrasts with romania 's economic and social progress . 
  yes , because our reccip has had no negative coverage since giving protection to a few million refugees . 
  gosh . 
   turkey just started building an aircraft carrier recently not an aircraft carrier as such but an amphibious assault ship . 
   as the carrier is designed for multipurpose missions , it will be able to transport tanks , landing vessels , helicopters , soldiers , and aircraft , according to tdb . 
   costing over $ 1 billion , the carrier will drastically alter ankara 's ability to project power beyond its borders . 
   according to the daily beast , the anadolu will technically be either an amphibious transport dock , also known as a landing platform/dock ( lpd ) , or a landing helicopter dock ( lhd ) . 
  given the cost i assume this will be closer to the wasp class ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wasp-class_amphibious_assault_ship ) about 40,000 tons , than to the mistral class which is about half that . 
  could you show me some examples ? 
  thanks for this , quite interesting . 
  the logo of the ministry is really excellent , i love it . 
  i do n't think you should get downvoted for this . 
  this installation does n't end mad , but such missile defence could as you say negate it somewhat . 
   and more to do with one 's choices . 
  well given the way you assign value , where any woman with a bmi over 30 falls into this category :  those who show no ambition and make nothing of their lives through laziness may . 
  it just seems excessive . 
  what does n't gross you out then ? 
  by your logic everything from pot smokers to university drop outs gross you out , as they are weak and ruin themselves apparently . 
   interesting you immediately thrust yourself and/or women into the position of victim ( well done , such a noble trait , a constant victimhood complex ) i feel like this was done for me by you . 
  if other people are `` wastes '' for not being what you find attractive then i do n't see how you can accuse them of being the ones with the complex . 
  `` gross out '' is pretty extreme . 
  i doubt many people recoil when they see a woman with a bmi of 34 in a two piece . 
   it 's a complete waste oh no , women do n't exist to please you and you alone . 
   like when you see an obese girl in a bikini at the beach . 
  does this really gross people out . . ? 
  kidney transplants have some of the highest 5 year survival rates - are you saying that the loss of donor life expectancy is n't worth an average  5 years gained for the recipient ? 
  that does seem reasonable but i 'm not too sure the data agrees . 
  but yeah , chronic rejection is an increasing problem - but that 's due to a good thing , we have really decreased the scope of acute rejection with improved immunosuppression . 
  assad 's crushing of the opposition is the reason for the refugee flow . 
  the regime could have attempted to shift away from totalitarianism , they could have reacted to the protests reasonably , and in the conflict they could have made some attempt to respect the rules of war . 
  well maybe we should do the right thing and try and help out instead of standing idly by instead of doing nothing ? 
  in all fairness denmark has been one of the better countries on this front , but europe as a whole has really kertowed to russia and assad . 
   but why are we so afraid of getting our hands dirty ? 
  well remember what happened after the sarin attacks in 2013 ? 
  only france and the uk ( and the us ) were willing to act . 
  public opinion was against any action , and instead of thinking about the future , politicians like ed miliband put public opinion first . 
  look where we are now with an emboldened russia and years more conflict ahead of us so in the eastern mediterranean . 
   there is little diference if the energy was produced by coal plants outside uk energy imports are coming from the france , which is a net exporter . 
  their power generation is largely nuclear and hydro . 
  well yeah , this is probably why there are talks . 
   you 're missing the fact that they can sell their excess energy instead of storing it . 
  it 's plausible for 15 % of europe to do this , but all of it ? 
  that 's the issue . 
  we need large scale investment in energy storage . 
  right now electricity is wasted while germany continues to burn the world 's dirtiest coal . 
  but ultimately i 'm not sure where we 're going to get enough energy storage , so we need to invest in new nuclear capacity . 
   it needs even more , was my point . 
  i think a lot of us would be very much for increasing structural fund provision , however if you recall there was a big push by national governments during the last negotiations to limit or shrink the european budget , despite structural funds being an ideal way to deliver stimulus spending . 
  yeah i came across a patient who was involved in a local gun club , i would be worried of him losing his hobby based on such medical limits , depending on how that 's defined . 
  there 's very little risk there really , i certainly ca n't see that level of risk justifying such restrictions . 
  the slight reform offered makes sense to me , a common european database is very little extra overreach but offers probably the biggest benefit of all the proposals . 
  we being the soviets ? 
  conviction for things like destroying bogs and denying climate change ?
