  but things can change quickly . 
  ah here , europe needs britain as much as britain needs the rest of us . 
  they have been oft a force for good , its only of late that they have become such a negative influence , which is a shame . 
  the uk is what makes the eu an english-speaking power . 
  it gives us much more diplomatic weight than its size suggests . 
  it is another seat on the usc and another nuclear power with a strong military . 
  i think that it would be a terrible blow to lose that , but if we do , we will just have to carry on and make the best of it . 
  hey , we in ireland call mainland europe ` the continent ' . 
  referendums are often disastrous , one needs only look at ireland where we hold them far more than most other countries . 
  we have representative democracy for a reason , to make decisions for us because most people fail to inform themselves on most issues . 
  that said , for stuff like joining/leaving a supranational union , there should be of course a referendum . 
  good god . 
  oh what i am getting at is that every year , there are as many casualties in sudan as in a twelve month period in syria . 
  unfortunately , if nothing is done in syria , the conflict is liable to continue on . 
  the conflict in sudan has been raging for years , with casualties as bad as in syria . 
  syria gets a lot more attention though . 
  its in the arab world , people are better educated , and it could cause a major crisis in lebanon and other countries . 
  does n't mean syria isnt a very sad case or anything . . it certainly is . 
  the interventionist in me is sickened by how paralyzed the security council oft is . 
  merkel for one strikes me as someone who follows rather than leads , which is quite unfortunate . 
  that said , that 's just my view . 
  and of course it has nothing to do with the reckless fiscal policies pursued by a string of fianna f\u00e1il governments whom we voted in over 13 years . 
   mr miliband says the eu budget - skewed massively in favour of agriculture subsidies - is one of several areas where the eu needs urgent reform . 
  it should be rebalanced to favour energy , infrastructure and innovation . 
  i agree with this at least , mr miliband . 
  just try to lead public opinion , not follow it . 
  as an irishman , i disagree with you . 
  becoming part of the eu was the final part of the completion of our independence . 
  the uk , which we had depended on for everything , dwindled in importance . 
  our currency was no longer at parity with the pound . 
  we were no longer unilaterally affected by decisions without a say . 
  the scots and welsh are apparently more pro-eu . 
  northern ireland is really interesting and odd . 
  despite being one of the areas of europe which has benefited most from being in the eu , its two largest parties are anti-eu . 
  its a mistake to blame the british for what happened to the catholic nationalist population in northern ireland . 
  they did turn a blind eye , but when there was an actual crisis they pushed for equality . 
  the unionists , in their attempt to maintain hegemony over the north and avoid unity with the backward , catholic irish state ( ironically be becoming just as backward in many respects , if not more ) , treated nationalists as second class citizens in terms of housing , jobs etc. 
  it was only with the imposition of the welfare state by the government in london that nationalists get the opportunity they deserved . 
  ah yes , protectionism . 
  yeah , no . 
  well they arent in poland so they dont count towards poland 's birth rate . 
  the vast majority of irish couples use contraception these days , so that is n't it either . 
  the thing is that most people want a medium/big family . 
  i 'm an only child , which would be common in most of europe , but in ireland its fairly uncommon . 
   i actually wrote a much less concise rant about this over a bottle of rum one night . 
  have a look , [ if you fancy . 
  ] ( http://blumpkine.wordpress.com/2012/05/29/just-as-irish-as-you-are-gerry-fuck-you-very-much/ ) this is ... brilliant . 
  pretty much sums up my feelings . 
  also , ` hon spongebob . 
  well the plantations may have once been done in an atmosphere of terror centuries ago , and even up to a few decades ago the catholic community was discriminated against quite badly , but right now the will of the people of northern ireland , on both sides , is to remain in the united kingdom . 
  i do n't think its fair to classify our political spectrum as being like to the us 's . 
  we have two center right parties , a center left party , a leftish party , and some hardcore socialists . 
  the us has a right wing party and a liberal center right party , who are apparently ` socialists ' . 
  the problem is cultural conservatism . 
  a lot of it has been evaporating , but abortion is still such an emotive issue in this country , especially in fine gael 's rural base . 
  and sadly these backwards ideas will retain some footing for years and years to come . 
  in a rare show of unity , catholics and protestants got together to stop abortion ( like the rest of the uk had ) coming to ni . 
  the marie stopes clinic provides abortions in special cases , it was opened only a few weeks ago . 
  on demand abortion is still not legal in the north . 
  women still have to leave this island to get an abortion in most cases . 
  good man eamon , hopefully this will be put to the people soon . 
  the hundreds of thousands of ordinary irishmen , most of whom were farmers or labourers , who voted , were not members of the aristocracy . 
  they were relatively poor , conservatively minded people . 
  and they voted for john redmond 's home rule party overwhelmingly before wwi after they had been enfranchised during previous decades gradually . 
  independence parties like sinn vein were on the fringes and only elected a councillor here and there . 
  well , we elected a majority in favour of home rule within the uk , and definitely within the empire . 
  the people did n't want independence until the debacle that was created post-1916 rising . 
  a lot of irish people were involved in the crimes of empire and such , and one needs only go to our museums in dublin to see the benefits we got . 
  still , its a bit hyperbolic to suggest we played an integral part in subjugating millions , but we definitely had some sort of a role . 
  its good to see that confidence being expressed in the euro like this . 
  it is still a robust currency , and while we have the debt crisis , most of the eurozones 's economic fundamentals arent completely broken . 
  i eat watermelon with a spoon = /, 
  well when i was in london , holland and barcelona , royal residences were all attractions . 
  not having a monarchy would take from their attraction in my opinion . 
  i do n't think we need any more religious people , but i do n't care what my mother , friend , or guy i bumped into one day believe in . 
  just as long as they keep their beliefs private and do not hurt others . 
  if muslims practice their beliefs quietly as those of other religions do , there is no problem . 
  the muslims i know here are all children of medical professionals , and do just that . 
  their families immigration to ireland was a good thing , as they keep our hospitals running . 
  turning them away based on their religion would be ridiculous . 
  i would n't go out of my way to visit ireland unless you are coming to europe for more than just a month . 
  do n't get me wrong , we have a grand little country , but as olddoc says , focus on the mediterranean and around there . 
  its a bad idea to kill oneself trying to see things if one is doing so for several weeks . 
  from personal experience , doing fuckloads over a week in nyc was quite trying , and i needed a few days to recuperate !, 
  i would certainly , wholeheartedly recommend barcelona . 
  it is a wonderful city . 
  i have never been to italy but you should definitely go . 
  i would also say that no month + long trip to europe would be complete without a visit to london and paris . 
  i would think that what with the current debt issues in europe , many would find it quite interesting !, 
  traffic light maps we said . 
  sure he said . 
  these are the oddest traffic lights i have ever seen . 
  ... but g ` man walker , this stuff is good . 
  could you really guarantee that ? 
  i would hope we would be somewhat more mature , and i think we have of late , especially with the economic crisis , emerged from decades of political childishness . 
  people seem to be able to think more rationally and less emotionally . 
  ireland is not neutral as such . 
  we are very much pro-west . 
  the difference to most of europe is that we are not in nato , which gives a greater degree of military independence . 
  defence is an issue which should have been part of the european project from day one , what with the soviet union on our doorstep .
