  we shall be influenced more than we are influenced . 
  as a citizen of a small nation of 4.5 million , without europe , my voice is meaningless in the world . 
  my vote is meaningless , my opinions too . 
  this may be hard to comprehend for the germans , or italians , or brits here ... but as other countries over take us , you may come to live in such a reality . 
  a federal europe , based on fairness and democratic equality will not be perfect . 
  but certainly , it will prevent the future that remaining sovereign nations will bring upon is . 
  london have done it the right way , using existing infrastructure and using the games to improve and build where necessary . 
  even the purpose built olympic stadium has been built with the future in mind - only 25,000 of the seats are permanent , the upper 55,000 are to be removed after the games . 
  compared to athens , or beijing , london 2012 has been done superbly . 
  probably wont make a profit , but maybe like barcelona it will having `` lasting effects '' . 
  athens was lunacy . 
  absolute madness . 
  i mean , china had tons of money and wanted to show off to the world , greece was failing to reduce its debt . . and isnt aiming to be a superpower . 
  interesting to see these nationalistic and bigoted groups forming a european alliance because they are stronger together . 
  given that these people are generally vehemently anti-europe , you have to wonder if the irony is lost to them . 
  then again , they probably have yet to realise this , members of the edl and other like minded groups tend to be undereducated shitheads . 
  i think the smoking ban is brilliant . 
  loads of governments in europe have comprehensive bans , and others less stringent restrictions . 
  as an asthmatic , it has improved my quality of life . 
  it will extend my lifespan too hopefully . 
  no longer am i subjected to cancerous fumes that smell like shit whenever i enter a building . 
  in fact the last time i have done so in a public building was maybe 5 or 6 years ago in france . 
  it is one thing to smoke outside where the smoke can disperse . 
  it is another thing entirely to smoke in a confined space with dozens of people . 
  if there was one of course , but right now i certainly do not want one . 
  i am supporting irish athletes but aside from that other eu athletes are getting my fullest support , its not forced but rather a natural support . 
  i think the competitiveness between european nations is part of the reason for our high medal count , so i guess thats a reason to avoid a european team too :-), 
  sigh, 
  kudos to the brits ( and italians ) in that case . 
  everywhere i go i see projects supported by european development funds , and it has certainly made my island a much better place to live . 
  given the good it has done i certainly dont mind the idea of being a net contributor to it now , a more competitive economy with better social and economic infrastructure benefits all of europe . 
   the afghans do n't have to go to greece , then complain about not being accepted , when turkey is even closer and has more in common with afghan culture . 
  its like 1 % closer . 
  do not mistake religion as some all encompassing culture . 
  afghan culture is in fact a misnomer to as there are so many ethnicities , but thats for another day . 
  last time i checked turkey was fairly industrialised and more european than a host of ex-soviet countries . 
  its hard for any place in the world to be similar to afghanistan . 
  the pakistan tribal areas perhaps . 
  really not a place you want to live , i hope things improve there . 
  however greece should not be burdened with these afghanis and other illegal immigrants . 
  if they have genuine need they should be helped by the entire union , if not sent home . 
  the burden should not all be on greece , in a fairer world 2 % of the burden ( 10 out of 500 million people ) would be on them . 
  oh and golden dawn are shitheads . 
  just thought i 'd reiterate that . 
  you can tell this is pretty old but the author has updated it to his credit . 
  it is quite an enlightening read , dont let its length put you off . 
  it does highlight a huge amount of structural issues in us society , but highlights cultural problems in germany ( and much of europe it must be said ) . 
  reading the comments is making me feel kind of depressed ... 
  i would have thought / r/europe was better than this . 
  i know its only a fraction of the people here and i 'm sure their anger is misplaced , and i 'm probably just a bleeding heart but . . ugh . 
  nationalism is fucking killing europe . 
  stereotyping nations more so . 
  and these comments are such a prominent example . 
  from what i understand , bavaria has sovereignty in * certain areas * . 
  these are areas where it has in effect sole authority unless it decides otherwise . 
  however , provinces or counties do not have sovereignty . 
  the state can always intervene and make decisions for them . 
  in the us states have a large degree of sovereignty with regards to taxes , education , justice etc. 
  however they do not have sovereignty when it comes to defense or foreign affairs . 
  with federations and the eu sovereignty has become somewhat more complicated , but nonetheless , our countries are all sovereign to very large degrees . 
  http://i.imgur.com/381m7.jpg here is my adjusted proposal based on nuts regions . 
  i 'd like some feedback on it . 
  i do realise france being the largest state ( the next being england , then poland , north italy and castille ) might be controversial , but you ca n't say i did n't try . 
  btw : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuts_regions, 
  weird to see northern ireland and slovenia completely disappearing in that map . 
  mental in fact . 
  i dont think the idea of making europe more small-state centric is a bad idea but having all states near equal in population isnt workable . 
  a plan where the current federal states ( germany , spain ( basically is ) , belgium ) are reduced to lighter unions as their military , foreign affairs , etc are transferred to a european government makes sense but the end of them completely seems kind of sad . 
  and for places like poland , or france , completely cutting them up into statelets seems pointless . 
  ni needs all the money it needs , and between agriculture and structural funding the north makes quite a profit out of the eu . 
  and ireland cant afford ni anyway , only the uk can keep that level of subsidy up . 
  well , we would still have to buy them , just the money would stay here . 
  also be wary of protectionism , if what we produce is too costly or isnt what we need , then we should be loathe to purchase them . 
  but yes , i think we could get more jobs out of this if we worked together , as is the case with so many things in europe , 
   it 's been tried desesperately several times and it fails everytime . 
  jaguar , typhoon , rafale , gripen are either failure at european cooperation or came into existence because one country decided it could do better by itself . 
  it 's a shame since we have such a great aerospace industry . 
  but indeed it 's such a source of pride that nobody is willing to seem inferior to the others . 
  and in the end we still have country choosing f16 , f18 or jsf even when it 's not what they need or when it costs more . 
  this is exactly what i want to see solved . 
  exactly it . 
  i think the rafale is the prime example of this . 
  i 'm sure it does somethings better than the typhoon . . but in reality it has cost europe billions in wasted development and lost sales . 
   currently what we actually lack much are helicopters , drones , tankers and air transport . 
  it 's all being worked on currently with completely new programs ( for instance the french and british are starting to cooperate on drones ) or by pooling existing resources and procurement ( for instance with the a400m or future tankers ) . 
  hopefully we will see more of this but with less room for countries to back out and design their own class . 
  even things like atvs need to be worked on together . 
  also while harmonising projects we must be aware that one size does not fit all , there is often no point in trying to squeeze everything into one ship , when two or three different classes would suffice . 
  although i think a proper european navy would solve this . 
  i think its amazingly sad that such a wealthy country would give up its democratic voice to save a few hundred million euro . 
  it is one thing for an impoverished island to this , but for norway to act this way is not admirable in the least . 
  also i should point out that norwegian people are cool and i want to visit norway , dont hate on me guys . 
  look at all the recent entries to nato . 
  i think it sends out a clear message why it still exists , there is a nuclear armed country with massive land based capabilities on europe 's doorstep , and its led by someone straight out of the kgb . 
  also europe can not seem to carry out operations itself , like in libya and yugoslavia . 
  personally i 'd like to see an european level integration of our militaries , that would spend maybe 1-1 .5 % of gdp and be a lot more effective . 
  that kind of spending would be 35-40 % of us spending , so we would be able to have 2-3 supercarriers and an otherwise well equiped navy , and an air force that buys planes in bulk making things far more cost effective . 
  much of the land forces could be left in national hands and `` europeanised '' over a few decades , but with things like r&d and large scale purchasing done at a european level . 
  even then we would still want to be in nato , the us , canada and turkey are essential to european security . 
  i thought it was all excellent , perhaps a bit more audio work on the media production side volume wise , and that social media thing ... ugh .
