  once one ` problem ' is solved , they 'll move on to the next ` problem ' . 
  well you ca n't just completely stop people moving around . 
  maybe in kuwait or somewhere , but not most european countries . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  parts of reddit used to i suppose . 
  but maybe i 'm being nostalgic . 
  this here is n't a great example in itself . 
  ah well it 's not too bad , but i certainly do n't think it 's a good situation . 
  gives a lot of us some issues with regard to dealing with the other sex i suppose . 
  the best schools do tend to be single sex , but that is simply because they are the longest established . 
  overall , mixed-sex education seems to produce better results , socially at least . 
  well / u/muuh-gnu , of course you are fed up , you do n't like anyone immigrants at all . 
  and non-eu immigration is controlled , do n't try to spread your propaganda by ignoring facts . 
  just remember that on the internet extremists are more visible . 
  those who lack such strong convictions say nothing . 
  and hopefully things will improve in italy , hopefully it 's just a matter of time . 
  an awful lot of urban irish schools are single sex . 
  why on earth is this getting upvoted ? 
  a lot of people are very harsh on immigrants . 
  even people who are x nationality but look different to the norm . 
  ah , blame the jews too . 
  it 's sad how prejudiced people are . 
  if being italian entails any degree of respect and decency , you are the better italian in this discussion . 
  did reagan not bring the battleships back into the fleet ? 
  i think that 's why they lasted so long . 
  i mean for german schools , i should have cleared that up  if you notice , i pointed out that my catholic primary school had mixed swimming lessons . 
  it 's not weird at all . 
  op is merely playing to our emotions without regard for the facts ( i.e. 
  that mainstream reddit likes putin more and more ) in an attempt to spread their view point . 
  yeah if the school is organised that way i do n't think exceptions are necessary . 
  apparently a lot of pools for german catholic schoolchildren are segregated themselves , different timetabling and stuff , even in my primary school back in the day it was n't like that . 
  yes , i find it hilarious that op tries to present their narrative as counter to reddit 's view , when in fact it slots into the / r/worldnews position perfectly . 
  i almost wish a putin government upon some of them . 
  much more help is needed though . 
  and as long as the conflict rages on , refugee growth will not slow . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , is n't this basically about an alphabet ? 
  yeah , look about the rubbish about the monarchy thrown in and everything . 
  i do n't see pro-independence scots getting a lot of hate . 
  that 's a very na\u00efve view , considering that in the geographic definition , cyprus is n't in europe at all . 
  and much of marmara has a land border with you . 
  far more european than cyprus , eh ? 
  what is and what is n't is a bit subjective . 
  i consider it fairly european . 
  greece is n't quite at the heart of europe either you know . 
  but ... the second amendment !, 
  what 's your point ? 
  are you saying we should force them to join our statistical arrangements ? 
  part of me hopes they just have more refined tastes . 
  personally , beer is not my thing . 
  but really they 're just no fun , sobre bastards . 
  we in the north should teach them a thing or two . 
  i do n't know . 
  i just found the model plane bomb concept bizarre . 
  i agree that the rest of the world does n't care enough . 
  a case in point for europe is yugoslavia , and we have learned little , if anything at all . 
  you included russia , which tries its best to remove itself from europe . 
  i 'm not really comfortable of a socio-political definition of europe that includes russia but excludes turkey , etc. 
  if you just said france , i would have said nothing . 
  why is it the american 's fault ? 
  because they did nothing because obama wished to let it play out ( somewhat at least ) ? 
  i suppose they certainly could have intervened earlier , somewhat like libya . 
  damned if you do n't , damned if you do i guess . 
  really ? 
  if it was n't for russia only iran would be supplying assad . 
  have you not been following what turkey has been doing ? 
  they are quite involved , slightly carelessly so i think . 
  he is n't . 
  he is referring to a contrived situation in his mind , which could likewise have been said of bosnia or kosovo . 
  there are what , 120,000 rebels ? 
  al nusra and co. are about 4-5 % of this . 
  a big number sure , and they are very active ( compared to the rest ) , however do not use that as a tool to paint the opposition as enemies or something . 
  wait . 
  where is ireland gone ? 
  do we not have even one immigrant from these places ? 
  both . 
  i find it bizarre that people complain about these peoples ' wages when they are so highly skilled . 
  it feels like the only people who speak more than two languages here are all teachers , or maybe from the baltics . 
  there are 11 supporting countries in the g20 , but most want to wait for the un report ( even though that wo n't assign blame ) . 
  not at all . 
  the point was few dispute it was government forces , what most informed people wonder about was whether it was ordered from the top . 
  given the precedence of government forces using chemical weapons , i would be far from surprised if the attack lacked central government permission . 
  ah no , everyone here knows donegal is a place of its own . 
  bunch of nutters . 
  and i 'm not saying northern ireland is n't irish at all . 
  it 's just a bit different , states change a lot . 
   to march for an orange parade is just as irish as going to mass , and until we come up with a common identity for everyone on this island the fighting will never stop . 
  i mean the people in dublin are distinct compared to the people in galway if you say the people in ulster are distinct . 
  the whole island has distinct regions and distinct people . 
  it 's just , a could make that argument across the british isles . 
  90s years of being separate states changes things . 
  also , the same argument could be made for a pole with regards to you granddad . 
  it 's all perspective . 
  and marching in an orange parade , to my mind , is not ` irish ' . 
  it 's a northern peculiarity . 
  with regards to northern ireland , it 's national self determination that applies . 
  counties generally do not have distinct cultures , however northern ireland itself clearly has , and a distinct history likewise . 
  it 's one thing for friends to mock each other , it 's another for the big bully who beats the shit out of kids while pushing drugs to say such things . 
  sometimes peace has to be enforced . 
  and we - all of europe , not just the dutch - failed in enforcing peace during the collapse of yugoslavia . 
  and yet , i feel we have learned no lessons from it .
