  stalin did n't care about people 's death . 
  hitler actively pursued the extermination of entire ethnicities . 
   haha . 
  this is hilarious . 
  i 've never heard of a former politician gathering a dozen people and declaring a republic . 
  balkans are a magical place . 
  be grateful they do n't gather a few hundred armed men and take over buildings in the city centre , requiring eviction by the military and getting hundreds killed !, 
  i said post-stalin . 
  and they were awful , but so minor compared to the almost complete genocide of european jews ( along with roma and such ) . 
  if you and turkey teamed up we could have a neo-byzantine empire . 
  you two always crush our dreams :(, 
  mexican ? 
  :p also , it 's better to provide an alternative to russia based mediums . 
  well , at least they did n't kill 4 million polish citizens . 
  well , it 's not like they committed mass genocide post stalin , they were just pretty shit . 
  greece . 
  see , here we have an example of the kind of contrarians who cause such problems . 
  the last three ? 
  serbia is well on it 's way to becoming a european democracy . 
  afghanistan no longer is run by taliban isi stooges and has elections . 
  and i imagine libya would be even worse off if gaddafi 's defeat had n't been hastened . 
  if you 're happy for genocide to be perpetrated , wait til it comes to your doorstep . 
  of course i have doubts . 
  if we arm the kurds , what stops them getting into a hot war with federal iraqi forces ? 
  if we bomb isis controlled cities , wo n't hundreds of civilians die ? 
  the issue is , isis have proved they are genocidal maniacs . 
  did we not say we would n't let genocide happen again ? 
   are we sure this isil stuff is not overblown , and are we sure that approach is good ? 
  what do you suggest ? 
  someone has to do something . 
  we let rwanda happen . 
  we said never again . 
  we let bosnia happen . 
  we said likewise . 
  at least france intervened in the central african republic . 
  in all fairness simonask , communist government states tended to be incredibly polluting . 
  look at the ddr for example . 
  you ca n't use a verb as strong as murder in this instance . 
  i agree !, 
  sorry someone downvoted you . 
  this starts out relatively fine then dissolves into the typical pro-modi/bjp hindu nationalism one sees all the time on / r/india . 
  i 'd advise people to read it with a pinch of salt . 
   america ( and nato in general ) would never let such an opportunity to be `` one up '' on russia go by . 
  have you listened to obama lately ? 
  he just wants no americans to get killed or lose money , as does the us population . 
  one ups no longer matter to americans when it comes to russia , for better or for worse . 
  turkey and greece joined well before that , and turkey and greece want to solve cyprus ( the greek cypriots rejected the 2004 unity proposal that was accepted by greece , turkey and north cyprus , as was their right ) . 
  also the invasion was justifiable given turkey 's nature as a guarantor of cyprus , and the attempted unification with greece , not that i approve of much of the actions . 
  well , de beers do love a bit of blood ... 
   maybe if the ukrainians had n't reasonable doubts whether or not they become victims of war crimes situation would n't have happened . 
  you really ca n't justify false surrender with some abstract fear . 
  ( pro ) - russian forces are not isis . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  especially when one wrong is rather greater . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  honestly , these arguments are like the ones saying it 's pointless ireland ( or insert small country here ) , reduces its greenhouse gas emissions as it 's so small ... despite having huge emissions per capita . 
  so crimea is the ottoman empire by that definition ? 
  someone get erdo\u011fan on the phone , we 've found some missing turkey . 
   rather we stayed neutral . 
  who cares about right and wrong eh ? 
  irish people lack the moral courage those in eastern eu states are forced to have by the soviet legacy and russian menace . 
  that was only aimed at tactical weapons . 
  the cost of a strategic system would be huge . 
   the russians actually bear as much blame for starting the second world war as the germans . 
  no they do n't , let 's be honest here . 
  in all fairness , we should all maintain the same sanctions . 
  lets not delve into the nationalistic squabbling that engendered this whole situation . 
  in all fairness , bildt has been far more forceful than most other european fms . 
  if they do n't have press freedom , they may as well have moved closer to russia . 
  elections - where one is free to vote as they please - are the hallmark of democracy . 
  however biased media and such make this very much a flawed democracy . 
  yet to compare that to saddam 's iraq - it really demeans the tens of millions who suffered under his reign . 
  that 's sad . 
  hopefully the medical team will have got some experience and data which can be put to good use though . 
  it 's almost as if parties have a wide range of policies , such as economic liberalism and pro-kurdish rights . 
  but no , it 's all about this one thing !, 
  which does n't even exist in their manifesto . 
  oh come on , people elect proto-autocrats all the time . 
  should we kick hungary out of the eu ? 
  wow , are you seriously comparing elections to turkey to the single party state of ba'athist iraq ? 
  you may as well invoke godwins law . 
  a more accurate comparison might be a post-soviet state like armenia , ukraine or georgia . 
  saying we armed isis is like saying the wwi allies armed the bolsheviks . 
  people like you were also against intervention in bosnia , sierra leone etc. 
  where there is scope for limited help , such help should be given . 
  yeah it 's basically a class issue . 
  these people have assumed the role of the bottom class . 
  in the uk , for example , caribbean origin blacks are in a similar position . 
   they 've tried for peace . 
  were you watching the negotiations this year ? 
  the israeli efforts were pathetic . 
  they had no intention of leaving the west bank . 
  quality over quantity tbh . 
  spain may only have 44 , but some of the best rollercoasters in europe are in portaventura ( near salou , catalonia ) . 
  i 'm still incredibly impressed by this haha . 
  they should make the guy driving that thing a fighter pilot . 
  the point is nuclear war can mushroom . 
  all it takes is the use of tactical nuclear weapons to start a military chain reaction . 
  you do realise it was european countries pushing for strikes post-chem weapons attack ? 
  the us was a reluctant actor , forced to join by european military weakness .
