  anatolia is pretty mountainous . 
  ankara for example is a fair bit colder ( 5 \u00b0 or so iirc ) than amsterdam in winter , meaning conditions are freezing much more of the time . 
  well , unfortunately it 's the middle class and the wiley who can make it to europe - those who have a car to sell for example . 
  so 15 % with bachelors degree makes sense . 
  but the idea that this is an economic decision rather than complying with international humanitarian protocol is nuts . 
  on greece for example , it 's not like germany even took the hardest line - finland , estonia , latvia , nl and lithuania were all harsher . 
  but so the meme goes . 
  that 's the nature of confederalism where member states decide how the european government acts . 
  the lebanese attacks were huge news . 
  but then paris happened and they got swept away , unfortunately . 
  the attack was massive for lebanon . 
   i 'll happily take a tax increase to fund building more refugee camps in the region , but millions upon millions of them coming to europe is not acceptable . 
  they need to be turned back and they need to go through the proper channels of asylum seeking so they can be vetted . 
  this is exactly what the polish government could have said !, 
  that 's the thing . 
  the fact they framed it with the attacks so blatantly is what 's upsetting people , it 's completely tactless . 
  all they had to do was frame their decision in a broader humanitarian context , not this bullshit . 
  all they had to do was show they care . 
  clearly they do n't . 
  the whole point here is that this attack was not due to the refugee flow - the polish government could have justified leaving the quota system a myriad of ways , but they chose this one ? 
  that 's what 's pathetic . 
  i mean jesus christ , what an awful , insensitive and downright wrong way to justify this policy . 
  of all the ways they could have justified the decision , they chose this terrorist attack ? 
  this new polish government need to have a long hard look at themselves . 
  the attackers were french , not refugees . 
  this is horrendous , unjustified xenophobia . 
  sinjar was taking by the krg peshmerga in iraq . 
  the krg are n't going to liberate large swathes of arab territory - and why should they ? 
  they 'll expect sinjar to be handed over to their rule by the iraqi federal government too . 
  the iraqi armed forces are still pretty dire , but i do think that iraq can claw back mosul and other parts of the country without additional actors . 
  tikrit and ramadi were retaken after all . 
  so yeah , iraq is going better , you mentioned syria however . 
  iraqi forces are n't going to invade syria en masse . 
  the current frozen civil war has a death toll an order of magnitude less than gadaffi had killed in ' 11 . 
  do you think there would be a smaller isis presence if there had been no western intervention ? 
  gadaffi could have flattened bengazi but he could n't have reasserted control over the country . 
   is is losing the war in syria . 
  the thing is though , they are n't . 
  as the myriad of rebel groups are being pounded , they are advancing into their territory . 
  the kurds might be making progress along a disparate front as air strikes disrupt supply line , but taking raqqa . . ? 
  only the saa can do that , and the assad regime benefits from isis 's presence behind enemy lines , even if it ends up fighting them when they border each other - so they wont . 
  the idea that isis is on the backfoot is n't wrong , but losing ? 
  let 's not delude ourselves in na\u00efvety . 
  isis in syria are n't going to go away with the current actors on the ground . 
  better than the alternative . 
   the terrorists chose their target very accurately . 
  this referred to the free european society , more precisely , the defenseless appearing franco-german leisure society in the paris world cup stadium . 
  exactly . 
  this was not just supposed to be an attack on paris , or france . 
  it was an attack on europe as a whole . 
  why do we have to consult you on everything ? 
  well emissions are still increasing globally , so what 's the alternative to laws ? 
  people are n't going to change without incentives , understandably . 
  laws ensure society is all in it together . 
  war went on in the congo just fine in the 90s without many tows . 
  so yes , i do . 
  what went on in siberia and the far east was pretty horrific , even for the time . 
  a lot of what went on reads worse than even the colonisation of the andean and mexican societies in the americas . 
  well that 's good news anyway . 
  iraqi kurdistan is n't really facing an existential threat , especially with the coalition in the air . 
  of course , the areas around it are incredibly war torn , and it hosts an awful lot of idps for its size . 
  if people are trying to claim refugee status from there on the basis of war , well , they do n't really have a solid claim . 
  further to this , better to support idps in iraqi kurdistan than having them flee iraq altogether , which would be understandable of course . 
  i 'm not too sure you understand what a lot of those words mean . 
  in ireland we 're so bullied we do n't even have abortion . 
  why are you so concerned about islamists when you see gay marriage as an evil ? 
   with all the shit that 's happening in the west what shit ? 
  it depends on the context . 
  i personally find it hard to believe that some of the people who claim to be anti-islam for moral reasons actually are , given that they make salafis look tame , with their mix of redpillery , support of terrorism , and calls for executing everybody they dislike . 
  in those instances it 's pretty clear that they simply hate the `` other '' . 
  however your core point is correct alright , not liking islam is not racism . 
  i 'd say few people on this subreddit like it . 
  anyway , given that this incident was likely committed by extreme loyalists in ni , i 'm inclined to go with the former view , that this is an example of race hate . 
  either way it 's worrying . 
  for the record i would n't have been against sending forces to combat the `` concerned crimean citizens '' as long as russia did n't declare them for what they were in 2014 , especially in light of our agreements to respect their borders . 
  europe has indeed been weak with russia . 
  however the idea that we should have sent forces into a warsaw pact cou try to directly fight the soviets in 1956 ? 
  my god . 
  wwii ended 11 years beforehand . 
  mad was n't yet completely enforceable yet nukes abounded . 
  europe could 've been turned into a wasteland due to liberal use of nuclear weapons and massive concentrations of conventional force . 
  the fact that nato and the nascent eec did n't get involved in a land war against the ussr it would lose for a country it was n't supposed to defend is a sign of their usefulness ? 
  you have high standards i guess . 
  they mean the chinese govt . 
  the problem for palestinians mind you is that they ca n't really go back to what is now israel , having been deemed to have for forfeited their land . 
  awful still mind you , especially in places like kuwait . 
  it is , to an extent a quirk . 
  the convention originally only applied to european refugees . 
  most european countries including turkey ratified this . 
  the convention was later updated - and turkey never reratified it . 
  hard to imagine they forgot - perhaps it was prescient in a dark manner . 
  but now they have not only well over a million in camps , but hundreds of thousand performing irregular labour unregistered . 
  that means crime such as underground prostitution , unsafe work practices etc. 
  more importantly it means no schooling - this is absolutely catastrophic and is a huge opportunity cost . 
  anyway , they have taken an awful lot in in all fairness - the most of any non-arab country . 
  perhaps if we want to push them to grant asylum we should actually provide a bit more help , not that i want to cooperate much with the current govt . 
  while europe has lacked real growth ( our economy is about the size it was pre-crisis ) , we have n't had an economic collapse . 
  anti-carbon policies may have been diluted due to the crash , but they have still remained in force to varying degrees . 
  as someone who 's fairly concerned about islamism , it 's currently very hard to be more concerned about islamism in europe than the far right . 
  it 'd be great if we could get these agreements for all european countries to collectively .
