  remember how european diplomacy secured the iran deal . 
  as for syria , if we had been able to genuinely pressure the regime there 'd be less refugees and less instability . 
  we might have had more leverage to force the assad regime into genuine negotiations that might 've led to some sort of stable outcome , as opposed to `` maintain the totalitarian regime or nothing '' approach assad has decided to take due to international inaction , resulting in millions of refugees ( most are fleeing assad 's forces statistically ) . 
  at the end of the day , if we do n't want to deal with millions of refugees , we ca n't sit on our hands . 
  we all should be obliged to defend such territories . 
  we have to ensure security though abroad too . 
  there needs to be done offensive capacity to stop civil wars etc. 
  i mean , would you rather have intervened in mali or dealt with a million malian refugees ? 
  pooled military resources should be at the disposal of a minority of member states at their request . 
  this would allow for say france + belgium + portugal to utilise eu ships , subs etc when intervening in mali or libya with crew changes if necessary . 
  this ensures say , the austrian government would not be obliged to participate while protecting european security . 
  it 's american exceptionalism . 
  they ca n't even admit they 've chosen the most extreme freely elected leader in the west since wwii . 
  i do n't hate merkel , but this is a scary thought . 
  she 's like obama but even more passive , follows instead of leading . 
  yup , i completely agree . 
  i think that makes more sense than an overbearing european government . 
  we should keep cooperation voluntary where we can - as i said , it 's fiscal union ( including things like a carbon tax perhaps and obvious fiscal transfers ) , defence and foreign affairs that ca n't continue to be on an intergovernmental basis . 
  to what end ? 
  that just makes it difficult to achieve any change . 
  any common standard should only be something agreed by all member state governments imo . 
  responsibilities should be kept to the lowest possible level . 
  it 's difficult for people of different languages and cultures to vote for european level policies on say , primary education . 
  we need to list where we need exclusive and shared european competencies , and fix who should be responsible for them ( ie parliament ideally , with states having some influence ) - fiscal union , defence and foreign affairs are what i see needing to be completed . 
  that 's it . 
  after that , we strive to keep the european government out of peoples ' lives . 
  the minimal unity to ensure the best results for our people . 
  exactly . 
  people have various identities . 
  they should not define you entirely , but they are important for uniting people . 
  actually he has a relative electoral college advantage . 
  his supoort is more advantageously distributed . 
  hillary has a lot of wasted votes in texas for example , while he 's doing better than obama in the midwest . 
  35 % chance he wins , only like 20 % chance he wins the popular vote . 
  if terence kelly took iraqi troops down with him , no , not good . 
  if his svbied was taken out however , sure , good . 
  we have a bunch . 
  this guy has been radicalised for years . 
  when asked , `` saudi arabia , absolutely ... it 's going to happen anyway , it 's just a question of time '' , ie may as well make a quick buck off it . 
  yes i 'm sure killing the families of suspected terrorists is an excellent way to protect your country , i assume trump will be sending spec ops into inner dublin city to kill the irish family of the svbied detonating jihadi who died in mosul the other day . 
  so safe !, 
  and imagine how much safer we 'll be once his support for giving saudi arabia nukes goes ahead !, 
  we love our unscientific polls , do n't we folks ? 
  i 'm glad there 's the move to #savepepe , he does n't deserve to be a white supremacist symbol tbh . 
  it 's going to be the radicalised far right who support trump that will flip out though . 
  not something i 'd hope for . 
  oh i would support an eu-us fta . 
  it 's just the us has 45 % support for the far right currently . 
  we 'll have to see if things improve politically first . 
  i think people do n't mind ftas with our poorer ex-colonies . 
  they need the trade benefits . 
  there 's far more scepticism when it comes to dealing with canada , and certainly the us . 
  given how strong the far right is in the us ( 40-45 % of the vote ) , a trade deal with them seems like a folly . 
  few things worse tbh . 
  just use the shower room , it 's a hostel , not a brothel :|, 
  this is true to be fair . 
  internally , germany seems to hover at quite a low surplus/deficit . 
  the surplus is almost entirely external . 
  much of the eurozone has ignored him , but not all : https://www.euractiv.com/section/eu-priorities-2020/news/berlin-puts-brakes-on-french-push-for-eurozone-fiscal-transfers/, 
  a relatively small fiscal transfer programme would provide the cushion that would enable fiscal gaps to be plugged more easily with lower borrowing costs etc , reducing the need for bond purchasing . 
  well maybe the serb was muslim , fair point . 
  i believe it 's largely actually down to terrible maternal care given your lack of health coverage . 
   georgia & georgia, 
  the comparison is so frustrating . 
  msf could deal with the fucking taliban when they returned to afghanistan . 
  you know who they ca n't give coordinates to ? 
  a permanent unsc member . 
  because russia and syria deliberately target healthcare facilities . 
  using bunker busters to target underground hospitals . 
  consider that . 
  well gmos are generally a good thing . 
  ask a type 1 diabetic . 
  there are roads in hungary for example partially funded by norway . 
  eurostat uses the same methodology everywhere , yet this comes up in every thread . 
  not simply reporting him , but actually overwhelming him and tying him up . 
  this was a man who intended to kill people , he had nothing to lose . 
  what they did was quite brave . 
  polling disagrees with you however . 
  people do n't mind these deals with marginal net benefits . 
  we 've still managed more trade deals than any other large state in the world . 
  oh sure , osbourne 's tax and spending cut agenda did a lot of damage . 
  still , the lies about unelected bureaucrats , crushing regulations etc were lapped up . 
  bojo made a name for himself doing hack jobs about this sort of stuff . 
  or let much of your media be under the control of one man . 
  the former point hardly applies to most people who want to deal with climate change . 
  the us does have a lot of iraqi refugees . 
  the intervention in afghanistan ended the civil war reducing the number of refugees/idps . 
  which is why we need to work on deals like this to address the problem from both ends , while also fighting climate change . 
  that 's a really nice quote . 
  quite insightful . 
  / u/gregtacular is right . 
  in de jure terms what makes the uk sovereign is that it could chose to secede , and controls its own armed forces - but ultimately so long as it does n't secede it 's not exactly a sovereign and independent state . 
  thing is , de facto , sovereignty and independence is relative . 
  small countries like ireland understand that . 
  you may lose more control over your nations destiny by seceding from the eu than by staying with the rest of us . 
  meitheal groups look after a fair few walk routes in hills . 
  does it matter if living conditions are good ? 
  so long as that is in check we need to focus on things like reducing emissions . 
  still , an economy that is more productive can be harnessed to do more things . 
  not really though , it 's just a minor change .
