   produce is way more expensive not in the shops . 
  it 's cheaper for all european consumers at the checkout . 
   totally distorted sure . 
  the only reasons i 'm in favour of some degree of subsidisation is to fund rural areas , and for food security . 
  they have loads of institutions . 
  the problem is that there is n't a calculated system of fiscal transfers . 
  rather , the contributions are calculated precisely , but there is no balancing of expenditure . 
  thus , by hosting so much of the european government , a lot of money is spent in lux . 
  nope . 
   i do n't completely understand why poland gets so much . 
  the european government does n't simply give fiscal transfers - you have to apply for funding . 
  poland , ireland etc have been a lot better at getting this funding ( better applications , proposals , and fulfilling requirements ) , than say , greece or bulgaria . 
   why are we contributing more than finland and austria contributions are defined based on gni , and the european portion of vat reciepts . 
  so i guess you have a higher gni , and consume more . 
  that 's because of the cap . 
  obviously subsidising agriculture benefits all of europe . 
  post war is when europe stopped doing so and legitimately tried to improve things , having defended democracy and liberty against tyranny the irony became too much to stomach , and western society was increasingly enlightened . 
  no , you 'd have to go back to the 1800s for that . 
  a shame really , rapid decolonisation hurt most african colonies . 
  indeed the british were the best in this regard , actually preparing countries somewhat ( looking at you , belgium ) . 
  neocolonialism , where we simply protected our extractive industries by paying off dictators and armed groups , was a lot more destructive than post-war colonialism , imo . 
  a lot more profitable in the short term however . 
  that 's why the plan was for a lot more than that . 
  ah yes , i 'm sure that 'll help eritreans and syrians . 
  who cares about dictatorship and genocide when you have a new garment factory to replace the 50 out of commission !, 
  kevin is a name associated with lower class germans - home alone introduced it . 
  right , so what you 're saying is that 25-30 ginis are n't low enough . 
  that 's a fair position , that does n't need use of vulgar language to postulate ... my point is however that the vast majority of that money goes into salaries and benefits as such . 
  infrastructure spending , current expenditure on consumables ( eg medicines ) , and public project tenders are notable exceptions . 
  clearly you 're not an economist . 
  compare pre and post tax gini . 
  western governments have the most top to bottom transfers in the world . 
   because other navies do not need this capacity ? 
  european ones do . 
  not many down here , it 's a huge problem in northern ireland however . 
  how do we prevent religious fundamentalism while protecting the vitures of liberty and liberal democracy ? 
  that is the question . 
  yeah , that 's true i suppose , cheap when one ignores externalities . 
  this is why carbon and pollution taxes are so necessary , the market needs to be fixed . 
  if the price of climate change , public health damage and regional environmental damage was priced into coal it 'd be unviable . 
   besides , no energy source is perfect . 
  that 's like saying no form of government is perfect . 
  hint : liberal democracy  totalitarian authoritarianism . 
  coal is a dirty , filthy , carbon heavy fuel , that kills vasts amounts of europeans every year , from extraction , to burning , to climate changes due to it 's high co2 release . 
  the only reason we burn it is because * we * have it . 
  look , i do n't want to increase our trade deficit with the gulf more either , however there are much , much better energy sources to generate electricity . 
  nuclear has killed a fraction of a percent of people compared to coal 's death toll , for example . 
  that being said , the industry position does n't strike me as unreasonable - this ` slush fund ' was raised by levies raised by the european coal and steel community . 
  my solution ? 
  direct the funding towards increasing steel production efficiency . 
   i preface this by saying i 'm far from a republican genuine question : are you not ? 
  you 're one of the most hardcore irish republicans around to my mind . 
   but the tory government did do that . 
  i 'm sorry , but edward heath did not authorise training loyalists to bomb dublin/monaghan . 
  harold wilson cared much less about ni , and he certainly did n't either ( labour took power a few weeks before sunningdale collapsed , their disinterest was a key cause ) . 
   the operation was a military/intelligence one , and was designed to influence an important anti terrorism vote in the dail . 
  i always saw it as being more an act of loyalist revenge over sunningdale , rather than that . 
  however only the perpetrators can tell you that . 
   the responsibility for the highest death toll of any day of the troubles rests with the british state elements of the british state . 
  i imagine there were elements of mi5 involved , that is the consensus , likely northerners themselves . 
   or apologise for what was essentially an act of war against another state which killed dozens of civilians , amongst them women and children . . talk about hyperbole . 
  the russian authorities ? 
  i think it 's important to realise that authoritarian governments tend not to act in the country 's interest , but that of the regime . 
  ergo , the growth of dangerous religious sects ( salafis , extreme orthodox etc ) , provide a common enemy , much as harmless ngos can be painted as foreign meddlers . 
  the purpose is n't to better the country , but to control it . 
  seems to be a problem in places like brazil alright . 
  how do we prevent this ? 
  precisely . 
  the tory government did n't send the uvf/uda to murder irish people . 
  however , northern irish people working for the state often were loyal to paramilitaries rather than the state - usually loyal to loyalist paras . 
  yup , these are coast guard vessels really . 
  which is fair enough , but we have a responsibility to defend our part of the atlantic too . 
  and here was i think the parliament voting for barosso counts as being elected !, 
  god damn prime ministers , dictators the lot eh ? 
  it 's a refugee quota . 
  as far as i can tell , the criteria look set to be quite strict . 
  wow , dan jarvis has a very impressive military record . 
  i 'm not big on the `` thank you for your service '' malarkey , but props to the man . 
  kosovo , sierra leone , iraq , afghanistan , that 's a fine special forces record , one can see how he got an obe . 
  why not just hire marine le pen for dramatic effect ? 
  wait wait : `` yougov exit poll - con 284 mps , lab 263 , libs 31 , snp 48 , ukip 2 , plaid 3 , green 1 '' there is a god . 
  edit : terrible news https://twitter.com/yougov/status/596427188645326848 `` yougov has not done an exit poll . 
  a re-contact survey today simply gave us no reason to change our final numbers from yesterday . '', 
  jesus christ , that newsflash hit me like a ton of bricks . 
  conservatives 316 , labour 239 , snp 58 ( out of 59 !, 
  ) , libdems 10 ( a third of what was predicted ) , greens 2 , ukip 2 . 
  bear in mind - this is with labour on 1 % less than the tories , and the snp on maybe 1-2 % more than the greens . 
  fptp is horrific . 
  do you oppose social welfare because you 'll never need it too ? 
  have some empathy , jesus . 
  let me remember that if you ever are a victim of something like this then . 
  yes , let 's victim blame . 
   i 'd argue that eating a lot of fat would be an ideal way of aiding a weight loss . 
  except that increasing fat intake wo n't increase fat oxidation , whereas increasing carb intake increases carb oxidation . 
  thus eating more carb calories over a few days causes a much smaller weight gain than eating extra fat calories . 
  this relates back to the insulin action as you said . 
  in the case of weight loss , the lack of carbs will dramatically increase appetite due to orexigenic hormone action , creating a constant battle that for the vast majority people is impossible to overcome long term . 
  a mammal that does n't enjoy eating is defective . 
  anyway , the point is that reducing intake reduces expenditure - however that reduction of expenditure depends on what nutrients you reduce consumption of etc. 
   calories give us energy , anyone who has had to fast knows the effect of not consuming enough calories which is tiredness , lethargy and in the medium term ketosis when you body starts using stored fats for energy .
