  that makes kurdistan 20 times as european as finland , estonia , or hungary . 
  also , turks are pretty white , but perhaps your racism is more scientific . 
   we satisfy most of the main qualifiers of being european . 
  being on the eurasian plate ? 
   cypriots are european , ergo cypriot news can stay . 
  what about turkish cypriots ? 
  according to some , neither are us island monkeys . 
  and perhaps we should ban all cypriot news , eh ? 
  yeah , i 've definitely noticed that . 
  i think a lot of it is the idea that it is somewhat bad , and it can in theory be changed - an interesting example of this ( in another dimension i suppose ) , is being overweight , which many people have a perplexing dislike for in general . 
  religion is another thing that can be changed in theory , but if one does n't , one is a ` problem ' . 
  it 's an excuse , a rationalisation , for hate . 
  i guess it 's just easy to put people in groups , dislike these groups , blame them for issues and make oneself feel better than them . 
  what worried me more than the attacks ( which are bad enough , but supported by a minority ) - was the lack of reaction by the majority . 
  inaction is not as bad as committing the act , sure , but it creates fertile ground for future crimes . 
  it seems to be more about the christian ` culture ' thing these days . 
  i suppose the whole christianity being big in africa is too awkward to deal with . 
  personally , i think it 's part of a campaign to establish himself as long term ruler of russia . 
  he is only 60 now . 
  he could rule for much longer , and indoctrinating the children of today is crucial in this regard . 
  nothing past 1993 should be anything more than a footnote in a school history book , it 's too soon . 
  i 'm guessing these were guys who 'd been in somalia for some time . 
  my point is , such a system does not exist , and these pacifists want no threat of force , rather than a european military . 
  leaving nato for them is not to create a union force , but to reduce our capability to act . 
  just as we must send people to prison sometimes , sometimes we have to use force . 
  if every member state has a veto , nothing will get done . 
  but sure , give them control over normal ground troops . 
  but not the air force , navy , etc. 
  and if they do n't want to send their forces to do work , then they should have to pay their own soldiers wages . 
   have we learned nothing from iraq and afghanistan ? 
  from iraq ? 
  yes , that unilaterally invading places that are relatively peacefully is a bad idea . 
  from afghanistan ? 
  yes , that we should pay attention so that we do n't have to fix a bigger mess down the road . 
  waiting until four planes were hijacked was far too late for afghanistan . 
  because if every eu country takes this route , who will enforce peace ? 
  have we learned nothing from yugoslavia ? 
  foreign missions are important . 
  in lebanon , mali , haiti , etc. 
  you ca n't simply take an isolationist position and expect things to keep ticking over . 
  but right now , the eu has no defence force . 
  and if there was one , germans would have to accept interventions in say , mali , or libya . 
  lure is far too light a word . 
  what i like about the system ireland has ( single transferable vote ) , is that one can vote for multiple candidates , in order of preference . 
  however the german system would make a simple replacement for first past the post in other places . 
  because it 's not the greatest place in the world to live . 
  someone give this guy gold ? 
  because america is a totalitarian dictatorship which let the nazis take over europe , right ?? 
  i 've plenty of issues with the us , but redditors really take the piss . 
  ah , wwii put an end to all that i suppose . 
  it 's news . 
  one can be selective about reporting , but simply reporting it , one can not fault the guardian for that in this instance . 
  this is saying he denies it . 
  exactly . 
  russia wo n't listen to anyone , there are few ways to get things changed in such a place . 
  yes , i agree . 
  turkey of late has thought itself to be of a bit more importance than it is , trying to play it 's hand in the middle east and not doing to well out of it . 
  what with continued economic growth while almost every other european economy stagnates ( despite coming from a much lower base ) , there is an issue of big-headedness and `` we do n't need you '' . 
  then again , i do n't have a doctorate in this field . 
  yes , which is why they feel they have been pushed away . 
  a sad state of affairs . 
  the mediterranean union was a huge slap in the face . 
  really ? 
  western ukraine mayhaps , but it is a backwards , stagnant country with massive issues . 
  and european values ? 
  they managed to hold a gay pride parade of 100 this year . 
  for context , that 's 1 % if istanbul 's usual one , and 0.1 % of its 2013 parade . 
  judging by turkey , it could take much longer than a decade . 
  oh no i do n't disagree , but i 'm trying to bring the debate back from what it is in this thread ( i.e. 
  far off the mark ) . 
  indeed , there is n't much support there for membership right now , but the fact that vaeldr 's post ( regarding genes and language ) gets upvoted , says a lot about what people think here . 
  well perhaps you should use that knowledge . 
  the byzantine empire was located in turkey while the moorish empire was in spain at the time , lest you forget that piece of knowledge too . 
  i found that hilarious , vaeldr pushing their racial agenda as ever . 
  i mean finns are dirty mongols , and hungarian , estonian , finnish are n't even indo-european either . 
  turkey has a higher degree of central asian blood than most of europe due to colonisation . 
  does n't make any difference , why would it ? 
  which is exactly why we did n't leave cyprus in . 
  the last part equates to : `` my forefathers did n't fight and die for some immigrants '' . 
  it 's based on this assumption that immigrants drain countries or something . 
  and bigotry i suppose . 
  nevermind the fact that plenty if these people being referred to are spaniards themselves . 
  a good example of how silly this is france , where while the metropoles were collaborating , de gaulle 's forces were drawn from african and maghreb territories , thus many of these ` immigrants ' forefathers fought for france in wwii whereas the original metropoles did n't . 
  if they are picking on one of us , we should act as if they are picking on all of us . 
  everyone knows the real reasons for these ` extra-thorough checks ' , wherever russia imposes them . 
  well a balance certainly needs to be struck . 
  in my opinion the french appear to protest a bit much , but protest is very important that said . 
  there was something similarly archaic in ireland , there was time given to sort out your wages ( when they were paid by cheque i suppose ) . 
  they got rid of it in the pay negotiations , basically basic pay has been kept the same , but more flexibility , and some more hours have been brought in . 
  but anyway , this idea is ridiculous - the point is to reduce eye strain and such , my god . 
   i know villages where nearly every muslim family has returned . 
  except for the ones who were completely ` cleansed ' , i suppose . 
  it goes both ways , bosniaks probably have n't returned to rs in great numbers either . 
  sad all round . 
  generally people who accuse people of being communist on the internet in this day and age tend to be far right types . 
  pseudo nationalistic sentiment does n't necessarily result in strong separatist feeling . 
  people can feel connected to various cultures , especially when one is an effective subset of another . 
  i do n't necessarily disagree with what you 're saying - you seem to have taken a fair line . 
  the issue is with people who have decided to hate anyone who is different - be that a religion , ethnicity , even sex ( one may have noted that there are an awful lot of ` anti-immigration ' people on say , / r/theredpill ) . 
  hate grows and festers , and it seeps everywhere .
