  education should matter for immigrants - situation should matter for * refugees * . 
  how did we start the civil war ? 
  by not pushing assad hard enough to not shoot at protestors ? 
  either way , the uk has a responsibility as a developed country to take in its fair share of refugees - the current position is pathetic . 
  same goes for my country , ireland . 
  if you became a refugee , what would you like to happen to you ? 
  i guess you think we should take the same position on climate change ? 
  i hope you never are forced to become a refugee . 
  it seems to be happening well in germany - judging by pictures most refugees look to be syrian . 
  the problem of the dublin convention means that italy etc will simply let people with and without a claim slip through the net - and who can blame those countries ? 
  there needs to be a system for legal entry , and european quotas . 
  the thing is , there is no avenue for refugees to come here legally - they get stuck in refugee camps that are overflowing . 
  i 'd be all for deporting people trying to get in illegally , if we had channels for hundreds of thousands of refugees to be granted protection and entry legally . 
  there are economic migrants . 
  they are not refugees . 
  the refugees are the syrians etc - they are not near as poor as the mainly african economic migrants , but they are completely genuine . 
  anyone fleeing totalitarianism who is not totalitarian themselves has to be protected , surely ? 
  ah , i actually misread your post . 
  i thought you wanted to jail all refugees who illegally entered europe ( the only way one can enter as a refugee ... ) i agree with you , refugees who commit crimes should be swapped for more deserving refugees . 
  the situation is too desperate for leniency . 
  there is more to flee than simple warzones - say eritrea or north korea . 
  you 're correct though - people from safe countries should be sent back and we should work with those countries to improve them . 
  right , but that still leaves millions syrians for the world to deal with . 
  exactly . 
  central funding of the system would make this even fairer . 
  economic migrants should be deported - refugees from syria , eritrea etc have nowhere safe to go in their own country - of course the rest of the world needs to look after them . 
  well , personally i think occupation is n't necessarily an evil thing - especially if it 's in the context of liberation , or of a necessary pacification ( such as of germany post war ) . 
  slavery is pretty much universally evil , however it was normal until relatively recently - people had no qualms about slavery , and its cousin serfdom . 
  it 's not like people would n't have been enslaved if they were n't shipped off to the carribean , those slaves were purchased from a preexisting pool of african slaves ... a pool created by africans themselves . 
  awful stuff really , humanity as come a long way in 200 years . 
  yeah , that 's fair enough . 
  i do n't think people realise how rich the caribbean made people and nations - the abolition of slavery then rendered all those colonies suddenly unviable ( as you know , the danish sold off the islands to the us - the us virgin islands today ) . 
  were you thought about slavery in the danish west indies etc ? 
  has the crisis not affected this ? 
  at work there are a handful of people who 'll roll their own cigarettes - i 'd say it costs them maybe maybe 10 minutes a day of lost productivity , but that 's because there are only really 5 opportunities to smoke . 
  chain smoking rollies would kill productivity, 
  to be fair , this 'll still happen in ireland too - 11 years of smoking ban has meant roofless smoking areas have become tightly integrated with clubs . 
  quite impressive to some extent , not really a fan of it of course mind you . 
  jesus , i did n't even notice the swiss numbers ( or look for them , unlike france ... ) - that level is crazy for such a stable developed country . 
  really shows the difference regulation can make i suppose . 
  nigeria is a pretty big federation . 
  boko haram operates in a few northern states . 
  seems fair enough . 
  you have to join our sphere of influence before you can join us . 
  well ... not really . 
  india has more malnourished people than africa for example . 
  however ultimately , the value creation that this new middle class is capable of is the engine that can remove these people from absolute poverty . 
  however as in china , the end goal should not be simply getting the rural poor to not be malnourished , but to become a cheap labour force - in poverty , but well nourished , and with smaller numbers of children who can go on to become middle class . 
  as for your latter point , i very much agree . 
  however , without economic liberalisation there 'd neither be a large reduction in absolute poverty ( assuming a continuation of the `` hindu '' rate of growth ) , nor a burgeoning middle class . 
  the fact that india 's economy is four times larger than it was 25 years ago has made - and can make a huge difference to over a billion people . 
  the safe countries of origin situation really needs to get stricter . 
  refugees from nigeria do n't need to flee their country for example - the vast majority of it is safe . 
  likewise with mali . 
  the situation for say , eritrea or syria is diametrically opposed to such countries . 
  the idea that we 'd take in people from countries without civil conflict , or authoritarian regimes , is ridiculous when refugee numbers are at their highest in 70 years and there are so many genuine cases who need help . 
  there are really too many refugees ( levels are the highest since wwii , things are really desperate ) for us to have any time for economic migrants from sub saharan africa . 
  i 'd rather take 500k refugees from syrian refugee camps , then 100k economic migrants , even if they 'd be a lot less hassle for us . 
  of course i empathise with people from desperately poor countries - but refugee status is n't about poverty , it 's about persecution . 
  a malian is ultimately stealing not only an eritreans place , but destroying goodwill also . 
  i 'm guessing you do n't think much of economics then . 
  well , greece , a developed country part of a developed confederation is very different to the isolated and undeveloped india of the late 80s . 
  but yes , the imf 's intervention in india has been hugely beneficial . 
  the licence raj has been torn down , and there is a burgeoning middle class . 
  hopefully momentum can be shifted to improving the lot of the stagnant poor plurality , mind you . 
  of course , anti-imf types ignore the hundreds of millions who have benefited from their intervention . 
  sad really . 
  yes , that 's the impression i got - i read an article earlier this week where it was implied his family was running out of hope of any improvement , and that either way the brain damage was catastrophic - and he never wanted to suffer through living like that . 
  if it 's correct , they did the right - and brave - thing . 
  waited a few months in hope , then did as he had wished . 
  to where , corsica ? 
  and their present ... 
  no currency is made for the greeks . 
  the nouveau drachma wo n't help a country wjose main export is refined oil products . 
  internal devaluation can be a lot fairer than simple currency devaluation , which is a broad swipe . 
  it 's hardly ridiculous to have some level of trust in your government . 
  i have a reasonable level of trust in the european government , is it so authoritarian to think the government of a liberal democracy might be a force for good ? 
  gosh . 
  sure . 
  i 'm both for the those quotas and european defensive solidarity . 
  we 're a union . 
  good . 
  it should be germany , italy , nl etc who do this though . 
  we have to take responsibility for our own defence . 
  the pound had deliberate massive devaluation too . 
  comparing ireland , a european , integral part of the uk that had a middling gdp per capita for europe at independence ( ie about 10 times that of our colonies ) is very unfair . 
  we were never a poor country . 
  we may have had some shitty economic policies but no colonies had the same level of advantage of states that became independent in europe post wwi . 
  british laws are also the reason for massive criminilsation of homosexuality . 
  colonialism was pretty awful for those subjugated . 
   there is no incentive for the local governments to actually work with their population and generate a working economy and tax revenue . 
  that 's not really true . 
  there 's still a chronic shortage of resources . 
  there 's still huge public demand for growth . 
  the aid just ensures theres actually a state to enable that growth . 
  exactly . 
  rather unfair how certain states spend lots on aid while other countries who have responsibility , and who benefit from the status quo spend a pittance . 
  ultimately the status quo is cheaper than colonialism , and cheaper than letting tens of millions of refugees try to flee to the west . 
  neocolonialism is a fairly accurate term for what is being done . 
  aid is the morally positive aspect of it .
