  they stick together , drink together , throw up together , and so on . 
  and this is without the language divide . 
  large enough communities anywhere will be perceived to cause problems , whether they be of jewish origin , west indian , and so on . 
  generally they are overstated , but they are different , easy to blame and so on . 
  irish immigrants to oz are fortunate to be generally white and english speaking i suppose , otherwise they might get a much more hostile reception . 
  as for muslims and birth rates ( and other such things ) , these comments were common regarding catholics well into the 60s . 
  the dean of harvard called catholics undemocratic around kennedy 's time , and in northern ireland , catholics were likewise portrayed as loyal to the pope rather than the country . 
  the birth rate thing may have been somewhat true , but it was n't too dramatic . 
  still , catholics in ni are approaching parity with protestants , from being about a third of the populous in the 30s . 
  but is it an issue ? 
  the worst problem areas these days are protestants after all . 
   what would happen if they went into these gypsy camps , and told every single gypsy that their lifestyle is over . 
  it is time to join the rest of the world . 
  no more stealing . 
  no more squatting in camps . 
  no more removing your children from school early . 
  do you think gypsies as a whole would willing or capable of acknowledging that the onus is on them , and that they must part with their old ways ? 
   that seems like the only thing that can be done . 
  change must come from the roma themselves . 
  no matter how much people want the government to act , there is only so much the government can do . 
  no government is capable of baby sitting an entire demographic of the country , making sure they are doing the right things at all hours of the day . 
  furthermore , this should n't be the governments problem to deal with anyway . 
  the government should n't have to tell grown adults that their lifestyle needs to change . 
  that they are going to need basic skills like being literate . 
  that they can not get by on stealing from others . 
  there is no government program that could solve the systemic issues europeans face with gypsies . 
  the gypsies must change ... can they ? 
  tens of thousands of years of human civilisation has surely taught us that ordering people to change is a pipe dream . 
  change has to come from both sides , not walls and half measures . 
  i 'm sure the greeks will be the first to respond when the ruskies attack . 
  but you ca n't just keep booting them out , because once they are from their country of origin , there is nowhere more to go !, 
  the problem has to be dealt with . 
  no , it 's not cheap , it 's not easy , but progress can and has been made . 
  i think the point was more that it 's ` interest free ' , which is rather amusing . 
  in that case there is no actual english . 
  you speak of ` native ' . 
  french was only spoken by a small minority in france before the french revolution . 
  such terms are really quite debatable . 
  that 's a bit like saying english is n't my language though , it 's daft . 
  the first time they tried that in 1974 , loyalist militants brought the country to a halt , and anti-power sharing unionists won 11 out of 12 ni westminster seats . 
  so , no , not really , given that ni has only had unbroken power-sharing since 2007 . 
  maybe because it 's easier for these people to exist on the internet than in real life , no ? 
  ah , always with the not so subtle anti-semitism . 
  you know , it 's people like you who make it difficult for the more reasonable among us to criticise zionism and zionists . 
  see , this is what i mean . 
  irrational hysterics . 
  if needs be , although i 'd prefer it not to be necessary . 
  peacekeepers were of little use protecting bosniaks in the 90s if you can recall . 
  not their fault , but the nature of their mission . 
  no , i want ireland to play a part in the effective military alliance that defends us , and participate more in military action . 
  military action need not involve killing - a danish ship is involved in the syrian chemical weapons disposal . 
  denmark , a country near our own 's size , has participated effectively and well in various missions , from libya to afghanistan . 
  yeah , and to be fair iceland is in nato - although they are a special case i suppose . 
  a lot of irish people seem to prize neutrality for some reason , they do n't seem to realise we have been fairly firmly part of the first world since the 50s , and being in the eu really damages the concept of neutrality as a workable position . 
  that 's unfortunate . 
  would have hoped to see some leadership from kenny on this front . 
  oh well , i guess we do n't have much of a military anyhow . 
  yeah , the poor working classes - only the 6th highest minimum wage in europe in purchasing power standard terms !, 
  there are plenty of other ways to improve the condition of the working class than just the minimum wage , especially in the current economic climate . 
  i think we should just go to the default and blame the italians for the issue :p, 
   a vote for greens is both a wasted vote because they have no chance of getting into office ( yes , i know with pr there are no wasted votes , i 'm sure you know what i mean ! ), 
  you know you 've contradicted yourself :p it 's far from a waste , it 'll be recycled . 
  it 's a show of support . 
  while i would n't like a green majority government , i feel like the green agenda needs a boost . 
   and also a vote for a party whose most enduring achievement was being complicit in the banking crisis and enabling ff to do what they did by refusing to force an election when one was desperately needed . 
  i will never forget this , and until the leadership is replaced completely i will never consider this party for any reason . 
  since their green credentials have essentially been adopted by the other parties , there is no environmental benefit to voting for them either . 
  the greens were not elected like the pds were ( on the basis of keeping a ` check ' in ff ) , and in all fairness , if they had pulled the plug on government , there was a huge fear of a massive economic calamity . 
  they pulled it safely and responsibly in my view . 
  it 's not the greens fault that the people gave ff a mandate in 2007 you know . 
   a vote for labour is not pragmatic because a vote for them is a vote for the policies of fine gael ; why not just vote for fg ? 
  labour has capitulated to fg on all important issues and i ca n't see any meaningful policy contributions they make . 
  this really would be a wasted vote . 
  indeed , their impotence and political cowardice is even more apparent since they are less effective than ever before despite having historically large representation ; this shows that the problem is n't labour being marginalised by outside forces , it 's them . 
  it 's a fundamental problem with the people in charge . 
  because it 's not a vote for fg - a vote for fg is a vote for fg . 
  besides , they are certainly to the left of fg , and more liberal besides . 
  but in a coalition , compromises must be made . 
   i do respect fine gael for what they are ; they are , in general , effective and honest ( although there is no doubt in my mind that they would ' t have handled the banking crisis any differently than ff ; they just would n't have worked with the banks to protect the criminals in them ) . 
  but i do n't agree with the majority of their policy , economic or social , so it does n't make sense for me to vote for them . 
  i 'd vote for them to keep sf and ff out of parliament . 
  i think that 's a good pragmatic decision . 
  i 'd say greens first preference , labour second , fine gael third ( and fourth i guess ) . 
  pragmatism is important . 
  i do n't know , i do n't think there is enough centre right politics in / r/europe . 
  it 's all either hard left , centre left ( which is fine ) , fairly hard right , and outright racists . 
  so , the democratic deficit evidently does n't trouble you . 
  that basically means more things decided by the states . 
  it 's the states deciding everything that got is into this mess , instead of the good of all of europe being put first , petty national interest wins out . 
  apparently it 's fairly well trusted in these places , for what it 's worth . 
   the minaret ban is such a stupid example to oppose direct democracy . 
  parliaments all over the world pass bigoted discriminatory laws all the time . 
  but one time it 's done democratically and everyone loses their minds . 
  the solution to this problem has already been discovered : you can have a constitutional court that checks if laws are constitutional . 
  most constitutions have human rights clauses enshrined and that will hardly change with direct democracy . 
  the example you offered is more of a failure of switzerland 's system of checks and balances than a failure of the principle of direct democracy . 
  the thing is , that is a constitutional amendment !, 
  the only check and balance to stop that is requiring parliamentary privilege on constitutional amendments . 
   blah blah people are stupid blah blah . 
  my point is not that people are stupid , my point is that they will find it harder to balance their own self interest with that of the state , and therefore others .
