  violence and war is bad . 
  sometimes it is necessary , but nonetheless , it is bad . 
  the hero-worship one sees in the us is fucking weird . 
  the military is seen as more important than anything else . 
  education , healthcare , housing , all suffer , while the military is promoted . 
  i think in europe , we have all had bad experiences with the military to an extent . 
  the us , has not had the military supressing citizens en masse , and perhaps this is the reason why they fail to critique their military and the people who run it effectively . 
  we certainly are progressing , but this is a big issue . 
  i doubt ireland will have legalised abortion for all before the end of the decade . 
  i am hoping labour cops the fuck on though and pushes this further into the public agenda . 
  ban it , and those who really want it will just travel to neighbouring states for it , entailing higher costs and emotional baggage , but terminating the pregnancy nonetheless . 
  if poland wants to reduce the number of abortions , it should educate more about safe-sex and the like . 
  because maybe , for all its flaws , using your country 's own small little currency , with all the barriers and risks that entails , may be quite a bit worse than joining the euro ? 
  portugal 's austerity hasnt gone great , but its not near greece bad . 
  but yeah , the way the cuts are going , it is simply running to stand still . 
  al queda linked terrorists just attacked a us consulate , which was led by an ambassador , who , while the us dithered , set about trying to help the rebels in their battle against the tyrant who ruled them for decades . 
  he spoke fluent arabic , and was dedicated to his job . 
  he wanted to help the libyan people , and his own . 
  there is no justification for this attack . 
  and the libyan people , appear to agree . 
  religions inspire people to commit violent and illogical acts . 
  in burma ( myanmar ) right now , buddhists are tying to ethnically cleanse muslims with the blessings of the state government . 
  but meanwhile there are certain muslims wishing for non-muslims to crawl into a hole and die . 
  of course , most buddhists , muslims , christians etc are not filled with hate . 
  but religious believers will always have illogical beliefs , and thats ok , as long as it doesnt cause harm to others . 
  there is no need to hate on every person who believes that the qu ` ran is the direct word of god . 
  tl ; dr , ambassador was a good guy , islamophobia is bad , but the issue is of course complicated . 
  and the attack itself ... was utterly despicable . 
   as the senate considers president obama 's `` buffett rule '' to require that millionaires and billionaires pay at least 30 % income tax , a new poll suggests the proposal is quite popular with the american public . 
  yeah not exactly talking about enough taxation to fund spending in the order of 35-50 % of gdp . 
  medicare and medicaid aint even universal healthcare at its most basic . 
  americans would far rather have money in their pocket , rather than give it to the government and get more back . 
  well that escalated quickly . 
  not a massive chunk , and they generally wouldnt except the state intervention and taxation necessary . 
  we are very different on that front , social democracy is accepted ( grudgingly oft , but nonetheless ) here , it is taboo in the us . 
   really shitty places ( greece/spain ) bit harsh . 
  i was hoping labour might eke out a lead , but nonetheless , i think these results are good , good for the dutch and good for europe . 
  half of europe can have a conversation in english , and this number will only increase . 
  its fairly safe to assume that the term `` europe '' excludes russia in most contexts , outside geography . 
  romney 's stated belief of russia being america 's number one enemy is ludicrous , but i would imagine many europeans , including me , would view russia as hostile to peace , democracy , and europe itself . 
  i watched this on channel 4 two weeks ago . 
  absolutely awful that they have to cancel this . 
  i 've no problem with people worshiping skyfriends , but fuck extremists . 
  a federal european government should not be involved with things like gay marriage , euthanasia , abortion , education , healthcare , local transport , at all , in my opinion . 
  i am very liberal socially but that does not change my view of how federations should work . 
  http://gu.com/p/3ac3v guardian reports * 1.5 million people * . 
  woah . 
  i thought 1 million would be an overestimation . 
  the citizens of catalonia really feel strong about this . 
  hypothetical ? 
  not being a sovereign state does not preclude it from being a country . 
  also , it 's 1/7 ^ th, 
  the upper middle classes , who benefit so much from society , avoid paying the majority of tax they should pay , while people around them are suffering immensely . 
  do these people have no shame ? 
  they should be investigated and forced to backpay what they didnt pay - what they * stole * . 
  in fact , the troika should make this a condition if the greek parliament wont implement it of its own will . 
  it sounds like mr. mas certainly wishes to make catalonia more independent at least , although that is a struggle at a time when resources are so limited . 
  well , i for one agree with his view that unrelenting austerity can not continue , and that some debt must be mutalised , and political union must be strengthened . 
  bavaria is a state with its own government , and has a long history of being an independent country . 
  i 'm sure it would be able to do just fine . 
  the question is , would there be enough benefits to either party : germany and bavaria ? 
  from a biased point of view it would be nice to have a less fiscally conservative germany ( to a degree ) , would be nice to get some decent banking debt relief for ireland . 
  how many countries are ever truly prepared for independence when they get it ? 
  haha , i loved that episode . 
  but yeah , tl ; dr , avoid sourcing information on european governmental decisions from uk tabloids and semi-tabloids . 
  broadsheets and tv are a lot fairer , but even then i would find other sources in the english language if possible . 
  to be fair , i would imagine ukrainian politics are more deranged than the us 's , and incomparable to europe 's . 
  does n't make him correct or anything , but yeah . 
  read [ diederik_samsom 's wikipedia page . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/diederik_samsom ) he 's the leader of the dutch labour party . 
  this guy sounds so cool . 
  i 'm sure i disagree with him on some things , but an intelligent social democratic environmentalist who seems quite honest and lived on a houseboat ? 
   and all of this needs to be done in a way that makes it clear that the transfer of power from south to north is not inherent in the system , but simply a result of financial stability ( so in case the north fucks up and south is doing fine , the situation would reverse ) . 
  it also needs to be done in a way which is structurally democratic . 
  there seems to be a lot more negative cultural aspects to kurdish culture as opposed to say , turks or levant arabs . 
  is this rooted in poverty , are the problems or dramatised , or what ? 
  i can understand them being upset at not having their own government , for one thing . 
   a mother i met had given up her 10-year-old daughter last year and now comes just once a week for a snatched moment together . 
  `` it 's hard not having her alongside me when i sleep or seeing her growing up , '' she said . 
  `` but there 's no other option any more . '', 
   this is happening in a european union country - a place of unparalleled cultural richness , of beauty , of history . 
  how has it come to this ? 
  this little snippet really upset me . 
  how can this be left happen , in 21 ^ st century europe ? 
  greece must push on with reforms . . but not this slash and burn cutting that 's ruining hundreds of thousands of lives . 
  i think this is a pretty sharp reason that the eurozone needs to get its shit together . 
  this kind of idiocy by the israeli 's should hopefully make germany realise that it has to take a tougher line on israel in line with the rest of europe . 
  israel as it is currently seems to be unappeasable . 
  i think such a system would require europe-wide implementation . 
  that said , i would approve as long as the rate is low ( ish ) and you can deduct tax paid elsewhere . 
  she hasnt done anything corrupt , has she ? 
  the woman is entitled to her privacy , there is no need for the intimate details of low level politicians ' lives to be out in the public if there is no conflict of interest there or whatever . 
  the fact that she had sexual insults flung at her is shameful in my opinion . 
  that poor girl : / this killing sounds like it might be some sort of execution , i hope that girl will be safe and life will get better for her . 
  i like erdo\u011fan less every day . 
  i think he would do great in the us mind . 
  in all fairness , of the council , parliament and commission , the parliament is the only institution to not come out looking bad from this crisis . 
  better to buy bonds directly rather than transfer money to banks while inflation devalues the ordinary peoples wages and savings . 
  the bundesbank represents 25 % of the eurozone . 
  they can disagree all they want , just as long as they dont ruin this union for the rest of us .
