  in the us the federal government spends about 22 % of gdp , or 20 times as much ( i dont want this btw ) . 
  local governments dont have much power in certain european countries , especially in the uk and ireland , it certainly is an issue . 
  also , london has a regional assembly . 
  a proposed second one in another region of england did not gain the favour of those english voters , and thus english devolution ground to a halt . 
  perhaps a labour/lib dem government might put the federation of the uk back on the agenda , but the tories ( for better or worse ) , certainly wont . 
  i think the term would be `` anti-centralist '' . 
  centrist is a position on the traditional left-right political spectrum . 
  if you dont like centralisation of power , surely that means you want it spread out over many different levels ? 
  local , region/state , national , european ? 
  it doesnt say you 're a * supporter * . 
  it simply states that your views line up with the bnp 's party platform . 
  also , `` anti-centrist '' ? 
  what does this mean , you have an entirely deregulated free market in one sector , and a socialist entirely government run one in another sector , and their is no inbetween for any sector ? 
  i 'm sorry but if your views happen to line up with a crazy party you just have to deal with it , sure i 'm more lefty than sinn f\u00e9in according to the op 's linked compass , doesnt mean i dont give out about their ridiculous ideas . 
  http://youtu.be/9e7ep3u06nc youtube link . 
  really cool , but it was * only * 1/8 of a million , 128,000 :p, 
  the syrian opposition needs a united front and a large city and area of territory before it can be simply recognised . 
  they are too divided and still only capable of guerrilla warfare for the most part . 
  not when carbon emissions are still far too high , no way . 
  building a new coal power station is never fine , even in europe . 
  i was really worried that hollande was going to go through with this ( i was kind of shocked when he carried out fully some other promises too ) . 
  europe needs nuclear energy if we are to make a dent in climate change . 
  the greens are admirable but they need to get real . 
  anyway , someones going to have to export power to germany once they switch off their last reactors . 
  there 's a site for european politics too , specifically for the 2009 parliamentary elections . 
  http://www.euprofiler.eu/ what i got in it : [ imgur ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7f1vb.png ) the integration thing is a bit unfair , i dont want a unitary state , but meh , check it out . 
  as for the other political compass : economic left/right : -4.88 social libertarian/authoritarian : -5.64 i like to think of self as a liberal center lefty so i 'm ok with this ... 
  i think everything feels somehow skewed though . 
  last time i did it in may i got : economic left/right : -6.50 social libertarian/authoritarian : -6.36 so yeah things change . 
  edit : just did the polticaltest.net one , its a lot nicer : [ imgur ] ( http://i.imgur.com/aoev2 ), 
  this article is disappointingly simplistic . 
  i like reading the guardian but this was less analytical than some of their lifestyle pieces . 
  a strong economy after wwii ? 
  meh , drowning in debt and burdened with an unfundable empire i think you mean . 
  as part of europe their economy is as strong as it ever was today , except the financial industry plays too big a role . 
  politicians today in britain are somewhat more united , and certainly less bigoted . 
  usas personal bitch is a bit harsh . 
  we all have legitimate complaints about the uk ... please lets keep them that way . 
  legitimate . 
  i 'm european and i like my milk fresh , uhc is hard to come by in ireland and i wouldnt want it anyway . 
  i mean its fine if its the only thing around but meh . . 
  i wouldnt buy it even to save money like . 
  probably a cultural thing . 
  there are pedos everywhere . 
  being a priest gave easy access to children . 
  the most serious things were the coverups - children told they were liars , parents told their molested kids just had issues , and the same priests being allowed to most over , and over , and over again . 
  if it got too bad they simply moved them to a different parish . 
  the pope and the cardinals and the bishops knew . 
  but rather than risk the all powerful image of the roman catholic church , they covered up , and condemned thousands of children to miserable childhoods . 
  if we are going to have federalism , it needs to be led by the people - by the parliament . 
  i say that a prime minister of europe is elected from the european parliament , and they become the head of a reformed executive european commission . 
  the only thing worse than no federalism for europe right know would be a confederation dictated to by individual nations but with much more power than the current union government . 
  also yes , some people say we should have a directly elected president , but having a pm as head of europe would be easier to implement and less divisive for now . 
  i cant stop looking at this . 
  find something new every time . 
  i was gon na moan about too many pictures been posted in this subreddit , but fuckit , thanks . 
  i think if you look at the irish planning system you 'll find corruption was pretty endemic there . 
  huge scandals , our pm basically had to leave because he was to close to developers and took bribes from them . 
  the greek government urgently needs to introduce reforms . 
  cuts and tax raises are one thing , but if they do not make the reforms , they will not get the leeway they need for this . 
  the establishment needs to see whats happening and work like fuck to fix it . 
  i think the idea of making english the language of inter-ethnic communication ( as such ) should be done as a concession to the uk as part of a campaign to accept a federal europe . 
  certainty in parliament things should be conducted in english if possible / native english speaker . 
  it must be noted though that only 50 % of europe is conversant in english . 
  this is distorted by older people but its an issue in countries where a romance language is spoken too . 
  and of course , national languages must not be diminished in importance . 
  i agree with the idea of a european law enforcement agency that could actually do things . 
  stuff like only the european government being able to extradite people and have extradition agreements would be good too if such an agency was in place . 
  an important thing that has been missed is that the union needs a tax * and * spend ability . 
  i would say making excise duties union levy and having european , not national officials carry out this . 
  a single european system of excise tax would also bring to an end the practice of people going across borders to buy fuel and drink . 
  another taxation idea is a union corporation tax : say , 5 % on profits above $ 10m . 
  this might be controversial but states would retain the ability to set their own corporate tax rates . 
  probably should be mentioned that shrinking military budgets would be a good reason to integrate militaries somewhat . 
  i do n't really want them to join within the next few years , i mean romania and bulgaria were always a dodgy inclusion so soon ( no offence ) , and when we look at greece its clear we must maintain stringent membership conditions . 
  that said , the carrot is better is than the stick , and the possibility of eu membership is a great way to get reforms introduced . 
  also something that 's very important - we do not want to lose serbia to russia 's sphere of influence . 
  its imperative that they are friendly to us and allies . 
  what the fuck ? 
  i feel that the imf , by far , are the best part of the troika of the ecb , ec and them . 
  they have continually pointed that excessive austerity is not the solution . 
  i cant help but feel that the ecb and ec are under the excessive influence of certain states - for example the ecb blatantly forced ireland into taking on tens of billions of bank debt ( apparently $ 60 or so billion of our national debt is due to the banking sector ) . 
  in greece the ec is not simply making things worse with excessive austerity . 
  now dont get me wrong , i support austerity , and it has worked well in ireland ( although painfully of course ) , but i think that portugal and especially greece need a lot more time and leeway . . and actual fiscal transfers . 
  i think you 'll find most germans have no desire to conquer europe in any form , they just want to be a part of it . 
  you may disagree with their ideas for europe , but geez . 
  i would probably see irish as my defining culture , but being european is a big part of my identification too . 
  i also have cultural traits from the city and region in which i live , and from living in the british isles too . 
  when i went to america , i saw american flags everywhere . 
  state and local flags only flew on government buildings . 
  it was a bit . . disturbing if i 'm honest . 
  i never ever want europe to be like that . 
  i never want the only culture people identify with to be european , as much as i do n't want the only culture the identify with to be of their nationality . 
  in contrast to america , in all the times i 've been to different regions in spain , seeing all the cultures people identify with is refreshing . 
  flags everywhere , but not in a `` we 're the best ! '', 
  kind of way , but more , `` we are this , and happy to be '' . 
  people can say that * `` yes , i am spanish !, 
  but i am european , andalusian and sevillian too ! '' * . 
  its really nice , and should be the same in all of the world . 
  culture does not belong to the highest or lowest levels of government areas .
