  however the uk was one of the world 's richest countries , many times more productive per capita than non european ones . 
  as the poorest part of the uk we were still wealthier than the majority of the world . 
   it sounds to me like you are denying that ireland suffered under british rule . 
  look , i do n't know why you think this . 
  the fact that our gdp per capita was much lower than the rest of the uk says a lot by itself . 
   there is no question that ireland was one of the poorest in the world . 
  but there is . 
  please , find me some data proving this . 
  because right now you 're basically shitting all over this thread with no facts . 
  ireland was relatively poor compared to the rest of the uk , but relatively well off globally . 
  could you please source your claims regarding the idea that ireland was poorer than korea , burma , gabon etc in the early 1900s ? 
  you do realise europe had to deal with over 10m refugees 7 decades ago ? 
  dealing with refugees is not some sort of leftist cause , it 's a matter of necessity . 
  the issue is how . 
  i 'm on about facts . 
  poorest in the world implies bottom what , 20 % ? 
  whereas in reality ireland was in the top 20 % in the early 1900s . 
   during the british occupation of ireland we were one of the poorest if not the poorest country in the world . 
  is this what people really think ? 
  ireland having a gdp per capita that was only 50-60 % of the entirety of the uk still made us one of the best places in the world to live . 
  by global standards we were very much well to do . 
  as well off as czechs or north italians ? 
  maybe not . 
  but certainly better of than greeks or portuguese , and far , far better off than everywhere outside the americas , europe , and oceania ( ie  65 % of the global population at the time ), 
  that 's exactly what i 'm thinking of . 
  i 'd love to see the government simply build rakes of decent apartment blocks , not as council housing , but at standard rents , to improve the volume and standard of supply . 
  indeed a lot of the apartments built by local authority councils in the 2000s are actually quite good themselves - the private sector seems to be the issue . 
  this is the issue . 
  afters years of this , many of us wo n't believe anything russia says either way . 
  we do n't have much historic city centre to protect so we could definitely build higher very close to our town/city centres . 
  honestly irish people tend to have an aversion to apartments and like the idea of a semi-detached house . 
  apartments need to become more family friendly at the very least . 
  the eec was never intended to stay a simple trade pact , do n't feign ignorance . 
  ah i was being a bit dramatic , but no man has more statues of themselves in england . 
  i 'm not too what you 're talking about ? 
  could you elaborate ? 
  oh certainly . 
  i would support adding some context to any monument to him . 
  wow , well that says more than a thousand plaques could . 
  yeah . 
  someone else ( probably in this thread ) mentioned how certain nazi monuments were complimented with a plaque giving some context and what the monument meant etc. 
  i think that would be a good idea too for a lot of these people . 
  that being said , a lot of irish people take issue with the near deification of cromwell in england for example - he certainly had little claim to moral superiority for his time , many of his actions being considered abhorrent by his contemporaries . 
  yeah , as i said , what makes these people relevant is what they did in the context of their time - asking * what would the founding fathers do * today every 12 seconds as some yanks do is pretty silly , they 'd probably wish to re-enslave some 12 % of the population . 
  it 's very important not to engage in presentism . 
  many national heroes/icons would today be considered to hold some abhorrent views , yet in their time they would have been quite progressive , which is what counts . 
  was this not common knowledge ? 
  this is a country that has a federal constitutional ban on minarets , in that context you can see the strength of reactionary voting in swiss conditional referendums ( the first to give women suffrage failed by a large margin ) . 
  one canton was only forced to allow it in 1992 . 
  you do realise we are one of europe 's richest countries ? 
  not directly participating in wars does not make us `` neutral '' . 
  in afghanistan we were and are very much on the side of isaf and the afghan government , hence why we sent troops to help train the afghans . 
  in mali we were on the side of the french and the malian government , hence why we sent troops . 
  we 're on the side of the iraqi government and coalition in iraq . 
  etc etc. 
  the whole process of `` special rendition '' was horrific , however / u/gerodog was speaking in the present tense , not the past . 
  exactly what war are we neutral in ? 
  ireland has n't been `` neutral '' since wwii anyhow . 
  you do realise that palestinians capitulated and recognised israel in the oslo accords ? 
  and look at how they were richly rewarded : a huge increase in settlements , not one iota of movement on statehood , resource theft , separate roads . 
  the israelis , whether they liked it or not , carried out some basic neurological conditioning : peaceful negotiation and compromise gets you fucked . 
  it 's up to israel to change their ways , apologise for lying with oslo and get back to implementing it . 
  unfortunately israelis did not vote to do this when it came to the parliamentary elections . 
   we regularly let the us military use shannon airport heaven forbid , letting a friendly western nation utilise one of our airports , someone call the police . 
  this was a huge problem well info the 80s i. ireland , i 'm sure it was likewise in other european countries . 
  surely you mean he preaches against it . 
  could you find an example to the contrary ? 
  did you not hear ? 
  hitler managed to increase economic productivity !, 
  for crimes against humanity , not beliefs . 
  so what you 're saying is , he annoys you because you disagree on everything ? 
  that 's what i 'm saying  most people just want to move on . 
  it seems to be that half of the angry internet yugoslavs actually grew up far from the country they so identity with , while the real citizens are far more measured . 
  we laughed when they warned us about shakira law sneaking into our countries . 
  yes we know that . 
  that does n't mean both sides were equal , etc. 
  i tend not to excuse croatian crimes against humanity during wwii by pointing out some serb crimes that in no way justified genocide . 
  brazil is a democratic , industrialised , westernised country . 
  maybe before the carnation revolution what you said might 've been true , but today portugal and brazil are much closer to each other than to angola in those regards . 
  of course , brazil is very unequal , and parts are really desperately poor in a western context . 
  however angola is much more extreme in that regard , and is getting worse . 
  i 'm all for europe having closer ties with brazil , but angola ? 
  it 's up there with equatorial guinea for world 's worse petro-dictatorships . 
  at least the gulf arabs squander their oil wealth on their citizens too , gaining some legitimacy , as opposed to keeping everything for the few thousand who compose the elite . 
  what makes you think we would n't like the eu just as much of they helped us instead of boming is lol ? 
  i do n't see why we were supposed to help you support ethnic cleansing and genocide instead of bombing you for that . 
  my only regret is we did n't bomb you sooner , would 've saved a lot of lives . 
  anyway , that 's all in the past . 
  serbia has really worked towards better relations with their neighbours . 
  a lot of serbs on / r/europe are perfectly reasonable about what happened . 
  accept it , apologise , move on . 
  we want you to become a normal european country and you 're most of the way there . 
  turkmenistan is by far the best option . 
  the addition of - stan is a simple and common way to make something sound like a country . 
  rare news reports make it sound like a north korea clone , only slightly too exaggerated to be believable ( naming days after the president ? ) . 
  unlike north korea it 's hardly ever reported on , and is hard to find on a map . 
  to make it even more perfect , it 's supposedly just another `` former soviet republic '' . 
  yeah , it 's not like we share a government that invests in infrastructure in the poorer parts and has common policies in many areas ... truly we have a lot to learn from the evidently stronger serbo-russian bond . 
  that 's worrying . 
  it 's much nicer to think that it 's just a small minority roaming around who engage in violent action against the democratic forces of the state , rather than a much larger group of people .
