  i think his monetary policy point is solid and has been said quite often . 
  who here does n't think the ecb should have a dual mandate \u00e0 la the us ? 
  i think we need a hybrid . 
  confederalism works okay in a lot of issues - compromise between nations is n't necessarily a bad thing . 
  however when it comes to fiscal policy it certain seems to have been . 
  we need to federalise this area , member states have too much influence . 
  the most important thing is some sort of fiscal transfers . 
  this should have been proposed in 2010 : give the european government limited taxation powers for 15 odd years , including wealth , income and carbon taxes amounting to maybe 3-4 % of gdp . 
  propose a 7 year spending plan that would include fiscal transfers , funded by this european taxation . 
  a deficit would be run but would be paid back with the 15 year taxation mandate . 
  after that we could see where we were at and if the scheme should be extended . 
  unfortunately national politicians like merkel were too focused on winning the next national election . 
  it 's weird is n't it ? 
  the actual city centre is pretty nice and feels like any other european city . 
  well . . eh . 
  apparently putin was the first major leader to call erdo\u011fan . 
   just because we wimped out over terrorism does n't mean israel has . 
  fuck the gfa right ? 
  i personally disagree too . 
  i was just responding to :  the only goal of israel ever was to look after jews . 
  even with a two state solution the state of israel will have to look after christian , muslim and atheist palestinians - there are over a million israeli arabs as is . 
  now , they do n't have it great , but are citizens , there 's an israeli arab supreme court justice etc. 
   not sure why their wall gets so much shit . 
  because it was n't built on israeli land . 
  it was a land grab . 
  for palestinian christian refugees . . ? 
  haha , if only this was a joke : /, 
  well then they should return to the 1947 borders and compensate palestinian refugees ? 
  because israel wo n't provide for the people it is supposed to look after . 
  at least developing countries have the excuse of recent desperate poverty . 
  what excuse do we have in the west ? 
  increase carbon taxation , provide funding for developing countries so they can afford the extra little bit they need to use low carbon tech instead of fossil fuels . 
  i hope so . 
  we ca n't be responsible for all these people who are n't irish . 
  i have no problem with northern irish people getting citizenship , but this is mad . 
  we should at least hike up the price or tax them like the us does . 
   not going to happen . 
  a lot of the reason there was a disproportionate amount of male asylum seekers was that they planned for family reunification . 
  if europe is n't going to a ) fund refugee provision abroad properly , and b ) end the crises causing the refugee flow ( look how silent we 've been on aleppo ) , then how can we block family reunification ? 
   as many wars of aggression as the us iraq ... and what else . . ? 
  op is probably a troll account . 
  good luck to the kosovan team anyhow !, 
  i think in ireland too the garda\u00ed do n't really care about motorways anymore as they 're pretty safe , and they 're of high standard anyway . 
  it 's on the 2-3 lane national roads that i 've noticed the heaviest presence , and rightly so . 
  the point is that it was more similar to stalin 's ethnic cleansing than the holocaust . 
  awful ? 
  yes , truly horrific . 
  but not genocide at the level of the holocaust , or what happened during russian colonisation of siberia and the far east . 
  i prefer to keep as much liberties as possible . 
  but i suppose i 've never been a fan of religious authoritarianism either . 
  will you please retract your statement so ? 
  it 's a horrible thing to say . 
   that is what muslims do , especially sunni . 
  ... do you actually know any muslims ? 
  because right now this is a horrible blanket statement . 
   then i would be probably one of isis/al - nusra savages . 
  so you feel you lean towards extremism ? 
  do you think you would do that if you were sunni ? 
   you do n't know whenever he would flee conscription or not also there 's a good chance they 'd flee conscription by the syrian regime , especially if they were sunni , no ? 
   most of poles are pretty attached to our country , and i think would fight for it . 
  if you were syrian , who would you fight for ? 
  i was obviously talking about conscription by the syrian regime . 
  yeah it 's understandable . 
  but with a recidivism rate of 20 % , it 's worth it for the 80 % who can become normal citizens again , is n't it ? 
  probably because op does n't seem to want to have any nuanced discussion but is just pushing their agenda . 
  it 's an important story so i upvoted it . 
  the fact that we 've had so few refugees come to us during the largest refugee crisis since wwii is notable . 
   anyway , nice flow of military aged men you would flee conscription too , and you 'd also probably be the one to try to get to the eu to bring your family with you afterwards . 
  complaining without understanding the reasons means you wo n't be able to come to a workable solution . 
  the thing is reddit comments are so demented these days i thought you were being serious . 
  poe 's law in action i suppose !, 
  oh you 're the same guy from last time . 
   not having one would be unconstitutional . 
  yeah , not having a referendum on any significant change to the teu and tfeu ( the constitution of the union ) would be . 
  trade agreements like the eu-tunisian aa or the ttip are not changes to the constitutional basis of the european union . 
  our government is n't completely incompetent . 
  only a martyr would go to court over this . 
   was stalin anti-semitic ? 
  he did seem to be , and marginalised the large jewish contingent in his party . 
   also , i would point out our eastern `` allies '' were often moreorless as antisemitic as the monsters we fought . 
  this is absolutely a false equivalence . 
  was stalin anti-semitic ? 
  he did seem to be , and marginalised the large jewish contingent in his party . 
  did he plan to exterminate jews based on some bizarre racial theory ? 
  stalin certainly could commit genocide - now , it was n't on an industrial scale and he did n't aim to completely exterminate groups , just kill a large minority of them , but he could . 
  yet he never tried to exterminate jews as the nazis did . 
  well this is the issue - why would any of us bother to become a politician when you get called a `` snake '' when once you 've retired from public service , you work for a corporation ? 
  seems to me that the vitriol the public ( as we can see on reddit ) directs towards politicians means that `` normal '' people are less likely to become politicians , instead you 'll just get a bunch of sociopaths . 
  they are people too . 
  you 've got to feel awful for brazil . 
  the rio government has declared a state of financial emergency as money is so tight . 
  well i think that 's the worry for me anyway . 
  he 's been given the job of non-executive chairman - i would imagine that someone who was pm of portugal then president of the commission would have the skillset for that role . 
  let 's hope he works well for them without doing anything immoral , eh ? 
  no , remember politicians are evil reptilians , unlike us virtuous redditors . 
  i mean , would you guys turn down this job ? 
  it 's not like barosso has the money to go into some sort of philanthropic retirement . 
  well that means we need to have a muscular foreign policy and provide much more funding for refugee programmes . 
  renzi 's migration compact was the beginnings of this - yet this is a continent that could not even create safe zones in syria , so i do n't have much hope of things progressing any further . 
  i agree .
