  it 's very frustrating . 
  lets not advocate attacking people like this please . 
  ah indeed , i think ` the useful idiots ' is the most apt term for many of them . 
  well the muslim brotherhood is far more islamic than the akp . 
  perhaps enhada might be a better comparison , but things are quite different in these new arab democracies . 
  hmm i am not so sure . 
  religious based governments are usually more authoritarian , but not necessarily undemocratic . 
  again , i think the conservative nationalist mindset of the party is probably the biggest problem . 
  yeah all those socialist governments really messed up ireland , eh ? 
  the middle classes who have seen a lot of growth and improvements in standards of living . 
  the akp have made economic reforms , although i believe a lot of the groundwork was done by the chp ( republican party ) . 
  people vote with their pockets i guess . 
  in ireland people voted for fianna f\u00e1il election after election because there was growth , despite corruption and social infrastructure issues . 
  are you sure they do n't like the idea of democracy ? 
  turkey has very high democratic participation . 
  in fact the poor almost vote as much as the rich which is quite impressive . 
  i 'd imagine they want to stay in power , sure , but the akp do n't seem to be doing a hungary on this front . 
  edit : all the turks here need to flair up . 
  hard to tell who you are . 
  well i guess on the other hand that article is a bit harsh ( criticising rising middle class % of income ) , it is eminently more believable however . 
  i hope the government addresses the foundation issues , it seems they have done a good job on the economy itself ( in relative terms ) , but it 's the economic foundations that are lacking . 
   update : in the uk a billion is in fact a trillion : a million million , i.e. 
  1,000,000,000,000 , as opposed to the rest of the world where a billion is 1,000 million , i.e. 
  i do n't know what convention is used by the bbc . 
  i 'm pretty sure that use has fallen out of common usage . 
  in fact if you look at the article the usd figure is $ 30bn . 
  but the obamacare is putting gm in my doctor !!, 
  laughter ? 
  from a german ? 
  doctors , the clinical trials are a success !, 
  ^ ^ also ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ thank ^ ^ me, 
  the figure does sound ridiculously large alright . 
  i guess i 'd expect $ 250 million to go missing but not that much . 
  i assume the opposition is inflating things to their own ends but it is important that the federal government is held accountable . 
  well in the british isles we would mean liberal in the sense of progressive centrists . 
  they wo n't nationalise the banks but they will cap carbon emissions and protect the disadvantaged . 
  they should just bring back the byzantines . 
  the nhs is actually rather efficient in a global , or even european sense . 
  might be hard to believe but it is . 
  this reads a bit like an advertisement :p i 'm sure i read the same sort of stuff about ireland . 
  there are probably even articles on this about greece . 
  that said , while turkey does have a large current account deficit and it 's inflation is high , it has managed to keep growing and the economy appears to be diversifying . 
  it 's a country that is fairly well educated and with decent infrastructure but with lower costs than much of europe , so it does have an advantage there . 
  but yeah this article . 
  it 's publicity . 
  thanks , i doubt i was the only one getting worried there . 
  i take it you have n't been to poland then :p, 
  yes . 
  but that is irrelevant as with regards to `` where the immigrants are '' , 
  no one wants to see the nhs as a private entity , people on disability benefit demonised , a government we did n't vote for in power , tuition fees rising , education being ` reformed ' , politics becoming a game of thrones for etonians , private companies using loopholes that the government refuses to close , and to top it all , an ever rising inequality between the wealthy and the poor . 
  the problem is a lot of the uk wants a many of these things . 
  it is sad , and worry , but the problem is that people think the disabled are ` wasters ' or whatever . 
  and the people of the uk voted against reforming the electoral system , and unlike labour in the last decade , they got a majority of votes . 
  unfortunately that has always been happening , and there is indeed a huge capital flight from africa . 
  but that does not mean that the growth is benefitless , far from it . 
  catholicism has really gotten a boost in the british isles due to immigrants , indeed . 
  well i would point out that africa is enjoying quite high rates of growth right now . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not rightist , but just because i 'd like higher taxes does n't mean i think the government should own washing machine manufacturers . 
  my point is that private industry has driven innovation in these things . 
  not enough anyway . 
  shame we kicked the british out , it 'd be nice to be able to see their ships there . 
  i row on the river though so i regularly see a lot of other european navies around though . 
  well yes , the problem with somalis is also shared among say ugandans . 
  was n't it in uganda where all the religions graciously put aside their differences ( catholic , protestant & muslim ) , to campaign for the death penalty for homosexuals ? 
  sad stuff . 
  good old treaty ports !, 
  and also europe 's largest grouping of pharma ( well maybe the swiss are ahead of us but who cares ) . 
  it 'd a great location for a european naval base actually . 
  well yeah it was back in the 80s , well before the gfa . 
  and i remember them blowing some guy up , trying to dissuade catholics from wanting to make their country a better place . 
  these guys are idiots . 
  once sf/ira had an intellectual core ( although still despicable , they 'd never get my vote ) , but sf has left the remnants of the ira which now seem to care more about dealing drugs than murdering prods . 
  the middle class wo n't tolerate a revolution though . 
  we like our tvs and smartphones , and efficient cars . 
  gradual change has achieved far more than most revolutions . 
  that 's true , they would obviously represent their constituents rather than whatever their religion is or whatever . 
  but i guess it is some sort of indicator . 
  india really could n't . 
  india was a socialist country for 40 years , lest you forget . 
  ever hear of the ` hindu rate of growth ' ? 
  there are communist parties , and they have been in many governments . 
  there is no need for maoists to murder innocent civilians and security forces . 
  in the last 20 years india has modernised , closed its once massive trade deficit , and created a new middle class . 
  there is indeed a big problem of the poor being left behind . 
  but i do n't subscribe to the idea that everyone should be equally poor . 
  gaddaffi justified sending arms to ira terrorists as they were fighting for religion . 
  it 's more of an identity/separator than the real reason though - although that 's probably true for most cases of terrorism . 
  did n't all the muslim mps in the uk vote to legalise gay marriage a few days ago ? 
   violent revolutions were at the time , the only feasible way of gaining power . 
  and that is still the case now , for extremists . 
  if you go to / r/communism you will see people justifying violent attacks in india every day . 
  disgusting stuff really . 
  do n't be ridiculous , we all know they do n't have feelings or emotions , why else have we been dehumanising them so much ? 
  indeed , what brevik did looks far more like terrorism than what happened in london ( although both certainly instilled some level of terror , ut\u00f8ya really shook me more so than what happened a few days ago ) . 
  and the catholic churches , judging by here . 
  well , we need more swiss posters !, 
  you guys seem to be quite rare , 
  lidl is pretty decent quality all the same . 
  aldi is a bit better though , in my opinion . 
  * 50 % irish , 50 % turkish , 100 % pure concentrated power and will .
