  now , there will be a handful of people there with legitimate grounds for asylum . 
  but these people are not them . 
  the country is not at war . 
  they are pure criminals . 
  and they do n't have the excuse of crippling poverty . 
  morocco is an industrialising country . 
  yeah , this makes perfect sense . 
  one can only imagine their own governments do n't want such criminals back either . 
  anyhow , the scapegoating of innocent refugees has been most unfortunate . 
  however if we had the means to process asylum seekers at border areas , they would have never gotten so far inside the union , and could be like rapidly deported . 
  but processing asylum claims at the border ca n't happen without some sort of quota . 
  why should the european government have to increase its contribution without an increase in revenue sources ? 
  anyway , turkey has all the cards here . 
  offering them ~ $ 1000 per refugee is quite poor when you consider that turkey is poorer than almost every eu state , yet is hosting far more refugees than the entirety of the eu , despite not being arab etc. 
  but is it enough ? 
  we are seeing no progress on the pro-russian side of the agreement re ukraine . 
  yeah , even then , i do n't think i 'd disagree with that . 
  would suicide bombing japanese cities have been more egregious than using bombs dropped from planes ? 
  that 's just poor polling . 
  that is , in all fairness , meaningless without context . 
  i 'd support suicide bombing in certain situations , for example if aliens were invading . 
  but anyway , as for the article , shocking how people get turned into jihadi nutcases . 
  how is that wasted money ? 
  we have absolutely no leverage with turkey to stem the refugee flow , and they have no reason to without us giving them something in return . 
  they are not part of the eu , and are poorer than all but 2 of our states ... what do you expect ? 
  who knows , maybe the people giving foreign policy advice for the last five years have been discovered to be certified idiots and erdo\u011fan is going back to his noughties fp . 
   it was n't said that we pledge allegiance to the european left . 
  sure , but you became part of a liberal democracy , and were expected to remain one . 
  do n't like that ? 
  go through the secession process . 
  someone 's bitter , are you venetian or something ? 
  in the gutter ? 
  but who will they repopulate it with ? 
  the greeks are just as eh , racially polluted ( i 'm not sure what lingo these people use ) as the turks . 
  maybe turn it into some sort of scandinavian holiday resort ? 
  anyway , is n't istanbul actually a greek name ? 
  * this reich shall last a thousand beers * - chancellor merkel , october 2015 . 
  exactly . 
  most of the americas consist of people of european descent . 
  these countries were all thoroughly westernised at independence . 
  despite this , they floundered to various degrees , with intermittent success and failure ( argentina being one of the world 's best off countries at the end of the 19th century , venezuela being the 4th best off in the 50s ) . 
  the native populations either had no country/state to speak of ( ie they were tribes that never had time to consolidate after meeting the europeans ) , or it was rapidly conquered and replaced by westerners and western style rule ( for example the aztec empire ) . 
  on the other hand , colonies in africa had a tiny westernised elite , many of whom left ( by choice , or by coercion ) within years of independence . 
  the best comparisons would be former asian colonies - malaysia for the more `` protectorate '' types for example . 
  anyway , this article is terrible with shitty logic . 
  it 's not incredibly hard to do a level of analysis of this , but this article fails . 
  colonialism had advantages and disadvantages for the native population . 
  hard to see how the former outweighed the latter in a lot of instances though - for example the destruction of algerian literacy by the french , and that was in a somewhat developed society . 
  in a lot of instances , much of the advantages were lost in rapid decolonisation - but that was made almost inevitable by all the disadvantages ( such as say , genocide ... ) the natives experienced . 
   the borders were properly policed . 
  the problem is that turkey has no reason to stop them getting through to the eu . 
  we have a deal with them now , that 's quite weak at our end ( only giving them $ 3bn a year , taking several hundred thousand from them ) , but we 'll see . 
  the point is we would n't have a problem on this scale otherwise . 
  but this is what we chose i suppose . 
  ca n't blame the public for not wanting to intervene , it 's not very pleasant . 
  well fair enough , but as we see with syria , this can come back to bite us . 
  our inability to oppose russian chauvinism makes us also unable to stop the refugee crisis . 
   liberal democracy is a political ideology and a form of government in which representative democracy operates under the principles of liberalism . 
  it is characterised by fair , free , and competitive elections between multiple distinct political parties , a separation of powers into different branches of government , the rule of law in everyday life as part of an open society , and the equal protection of human rights , civil rights , civil liberties , and political freedoms for all people . 
  to define the system in practice , liberal democracies often draw upon a constitution , either formally written or uncodified , to delineate the powers of government and enshrine the social contract . 
  after a period of sustained expansion throughout the 20th century , liberal democracy became the predominant political system in the world . 
  i am not suggesting that every state has to be a led by the national liberal party , i would have thought that was obvious . 
  well this is the understandable issue . 
  europe did n't feel strongly enough about stopping russia breaking their treaty with ukraine re their territorial integrity , and did n't feel strongly about russian chauvinism in general . 
  hard to blame the european populace for not wanting to put troops on ukraine 's border with russia , are into direct action in little green man occupied crimea , but easy to see how we got to this situation . 
  as i said before , putin uses our weakness as his leverage . 
  this has also been blatant with syria . 
  exactly . 
  poland is an eu state . 
  they are expected to be a liberal democracy , anything else is pretty much constitutionally incompatible with the union . 
  that 's why there has been such concern over hungary , and now poland . 
  unlike the us , there is no federal army we can send in to prevent breaches of european law , there are only internal sanctions and such . 
  after crimea was annexed europe could have put on a show of military force and unity , and offered ukraine some level of protection . 
  we could have even sent forces to ukraine 's borders with russia at their request . 
  if europe was really willing to stand up to russia and had the level of capability we should given our level of military spending , we could have prepped a response force to be dropped in crimea when the little green men popped up there , after all , they were n't russian forces , right ? 
  it would not have been an attack on russia . 
  such a threat would have forced putin 's hand to admit who the forces were , or they would have been neutralised . 
  but he knew we would n't do that . 
  our weakness is his leverage . 
  however crimea was only met with sanctions on individuals . 
  it took the donbass to be invaded for things to change , however that invasion was what achieved the goal of breaking ukraine in the long term - if russia ca n't have her , no one can . 
  particulate pollution is localised . 
  whole different issue . 
  whereas unnecessary fossil fuel use in the us ruins lives in least developed countries who use the least fossil fuel . 
  judging by their post history they 're german ... and also managed to get destroyed * as * the ottomans in eu4 . 
  i 'm not too sure i 'll trust the judgement of anyone who manages to screw that campaign up eh . 
  i 'm of the same opinion . 
  i do n't like the idea of banning things when the damage can be calculated and charged , y' know ? 
  i entered nj from new york city , so my first impression was of some desolate post-soviet landscape . 
  there seemed to be square kilometres of abandoned industrial sites . 
  did n't get a great impression in all honesty . 
  mind you the only part of ny i saw was nyc , so it could be just as awful for all i know . 
   most mild and reasonable statement implying climate scientists are involved in some grand conspiracy with no facts to back up your case does not strike me as the dictionary definition of reasonable . 
  such discourse being moderate or `` mild '' in the us does count for much . 
   governments expanding power who says they even have to expand their powers ? 
  governments could just implement a huge carbon tax and leave the markets sort things out . 
  thing is , while that would not entail an increase in the `` size '' of government , it would have a sudden , and somewhat regressive impact . 
  yes , co2 , why ? 
   i just ask people to think . 
  people have neither the time nor capacity to think about every single little thing .
