  we have that with ukraine : the tyrants are actively slaughtering their own people . 
  when they are done doing that people are going to wonder why we did not interfere * while * the bastards were killing innocents . 
  ts are actively slaughtering their own people . 
  when they are done doing that people are going to wonder why we did not interfere * while * the bastards were killing innocents . 
  look , we need some nuance here . 
  any death is too many - and perhaps tonight even more will die - but * the tyrants are slaughtering their own people * is currently hyperbolic . 
  this is not egypt post coup , or syria 2011 . 
  it could become that sure , but still . 
  it 's worth baring in mind 10 of the dead are police as well . 
  well , i think we should have , in hindsight , used force in syria . 
  anyway , why do n't we invade belarus ? 
  or armenia ? 
  just because people are nominally in europe does n't make them more worth of our help . 
   i do think we should send troops . 
  i do n't want to , but i find it a necessity for the greater good of europe , the ukrainian people , and by extension the world as a whole . 
  i actually think we should send in overwhelming force to crack down on the oppressive regime . 
  their legitimacy ended the moment they started killing their own people without reason . 
  russia does not have the balls for a direct confrontation with the eu . 
  there are regimes far , far more oppressive than ukraine . 
  i would rather topple them . 
  and furthermore , if we do n't have the balls for a direct confrontation with russia . 
   the difference between syria and ukraine is that we have a good side to support here , and the fact that they 're our european brothers and sisters . 
  we do n't have an obligation towards the syrians , but we very much do towards the ukrainians . 
  syria certainly had a good side at the start , although things a very murky now . 
  the syrian regime was far more oppressive , yet nothing happened . 
  just as in syria , these protestors are infested with far right sorts , lest we forget . 
  although the majority as in syria are n't . 
  as for ukraine being european , europe has a land border with syria too , yet nothing happened . 
  granted , the actual eu is right next to ukraine , but still . 
  if politicians would n't send troops to syria , they wo n't to ukraine . 
  something a bit like a tom clancy novel ? 
  special ops , images of missiles being fueled , paratroopers , downed helicopters ? 
  * ukrainian dawn * . 
  well , should we be sending troops in then ? 
  i mean , if it was a civil war scenario , sure . 
  but like , if we did n't send troops to syria , why should we send them to ukraine ? 
  if it comes to civil war i would support it , but let 's not get ahead of ourselves . 
  tbh , paratrooping in ` peacekeepers ' and such seems like a nice idea , but there are numerous problems . 
  1 ) someone with a degree of legitimacy needs to request them . 
  be that an opposition leader , a local government - and that is unlikely . 
  2 ) russia will not stand idly by as we send in troops into what they want to be their sphere of influence . 
  the 3 former ussr states have performed very well despite everything . 
  their addition was a good move . 
   iran has about as much soft power placed on them as you can get for years now and they have n't shirked one bit to the west . 
  they have moderated their position , if you recall , and entered negotiations . 
   no , turks work hard . 
  so do mexicans :p but maybe northern africa is better . 
  norway can be our canada . 
  to lose any lives is terribly sad , but context is required , the numbers are certainly magnitudes below what happened in egypt for example as i said . 
  as for her , well , she is an important figure who was imprisoned for political reasons . 
  turkey , it really is the mexico of europe , let 's be honest . 
  people are n't dying en masse however , this is not like egypt after the coup . 
  timoshenko 's release is crucial . 
   seek more cooperation with finland , france , austria and germany . 
  obviously the swiss electorate does n't want that , so the only option is more military spending . 
  it 's completely illogical to stick a ban on a certain architectural object in the * federal constitution * . 
  it was , and is , crazy . 
  these people have nothing to do with us . 
  they have no elected representatives in any parliament or assembly . 
  if you want to find petty xenophobia and nationalism , look at your own country . 
   they simply had no other option yes they did , they could have been open minded and pragmatic . 
  one needs only look at the voting patterns , campaigning , and statistics to see that this vote was decided on prejudice , fear , etc , rather than actual problems . 
  and besides , are we not accepting democracy ? 
  we are not threatening to invade europe . 
  we have accepted their decision . 
  if we did not accept it , we would proceed as normal , and not halt these talks . 
  and the uk is a nation wrecking bureaucracy , meh . 
  do you think ireland was better off seceding from the union ? 
  on that basis i 'd say catalonia is more of a country , it certainly is from a cultural perspective . 
  so ... we just leave genocide happen ? 
  have we learned nothing from the yugoslav wars ? 
  unhealthier people ? 
  you clearly have n't seen north european drinking habits , and how much people smoke over here . 
  just look at russia to see how dangerous alcohol is for human health . 
  and the only way to deal with the fascists was by reconquering lost territory ? 
  should hungary invade szeklerland to appease jobbik ? 
  people are wrong quite often . 
  you do n't have to appease them . 
  should we appease those who deny man made climate change , and stop taking the little action we are taking ? 
  besides , countries like france most definitely have tightened up immigration policy , beginning with the first rise of fn in the 80s . 
  and catholic !, 
  let 's just see if renzi starts fretting over some sort of missile gap . 
  turkey is part of the customs union , although they obviously are on the way to joining the eu , whereas switzerland is n't . 
  but anyway , i would n't like the swiss get away with this . 
  well , a civil war , forces massing outside benghazi , and so on . 
  i mean if we wanted to prevent a complete and utter collapse of society and a spiral of death ... 
  do n't disrupt the anti-american jingoism . 
  i dont necessarily completely agree with you , but you 've certainly made plenty of good points , unworthy of the downvotes yoy received - downvotes you probably would n't receive with say , a danish flag . 
  and it was n't an invasion , we sent in a few special forces sure , but no apcs and such . 
  given the circumstances , it was pretty necessary . 
  much more clear cut than syria , although both are right next to europe/nato . 
  hard power is what saved lives . 
  it forced them to stop fighting . 
  soft power can bring lasting peace though , and is preferable . 
  but srebrenica proved that it would never stop them , they didnt care . 
  not to try and glorify or martyr , but i very much respect denmark 's contribution . 
  you did not have to put your troops in danger , many other nations put theirs in safer areas , and less of them relative to their population . 
  countries like mine did n't put in any in harms way at all , we let others do it . 
   germany did good by withdrewing all their forces . 
  how ?
