  of course it is better to be an israeli than a syrian , saudi etc , but they are illegally occupying a country - while not doing anything to better it , but instead colonising , siphoning off resources , and displacing people . 
   the eu is an american designed soviet union . 
  damn i thought you were a troll then i saw all your positive karma . 
   do n't see how this works . 
  i go to hospital , i pay . 
  i go to college , i pay . 
  the government directly pays 75 % of healthcare costs . 
  you do not pay . 
  the government also pays something like 80 % of university costs . 
  you do not pay . 
  there 's far too much combined direct and indirect in ireland as it is . 
  our tax take is quite low still . 
  we are a high spend country , not bloody singapore . 
  do n't know why you got downvoted , i agree . 
  pensioners should get a reduced rate at least ( in an ideal situation ) , although if i 'm honest i thought they were excluded from the property tax as it is now , seems i know nothing !, 
   starving men do n't volunteer , i think that hunger would certainly make volunteering much more attractive . 
  either way , i find it sad that our country acts like these people did n't exist . 
  they fought for king , country or , probably most likely , for food and money , and they should be remembered . 
  ah here , we have a budget deficit of 8 % right now . 
  sure , 30 % of our national debt is banking related at this stage , and the situation is shite . 
  and thus we can say that 30 % of our interest payments would be due to bailing out the banks . 
  however the majority of our deficit is to pay for our healthcare , our education , our safety . 
  why ? 
  because for ten years , we taxed too little and spent too much . 
  every other country has a property tax , and its removal by jack lynch was one of the worst taxation decisions made . 
  stamp duty is far more unfair , and the situation became ludicrous . 
  only a few hundred in cork city ( where i live ) , i 'd reckon , never had any problem with them . 
  a lot less common than those from the ex-communist eu states though . 
  less numerous than arabs too i 'd say , but this is all anecdotal !, 
  they would still be outsiders . 
  they would still not quite fit in . 
   also , more pictures of anting [ 2 ] here . 
  love the volkswagens at the end , really adds to the feel . 
  well , according to top gear , tuning and modifying a renault space wagon by spending a few thousand euro only gets you a few seconds off a lap time . 
  the sensible thing is to actually buy a better car , with a higher top speed that thus allows driving at higher speeds more efficiently . 
  ` hon the lads . 
  the americas are far more homogeneous than asia , or even africa . 
  she did was what was needed , just she went about it the wrong way though . 
  this premise that so much inefficient nationalised industry could continue though was mad , i do n't understand it . 
  well , i do n't know about honour killings , but many a woman was certainly driven to suicide . 
  an honour killing in itself . 
  he reminds me of that serbian thing ` remove kebab ' . 
  he seems like an interesting guy , completely unhinged of course . 
  hopefully not anyway . 
  the importation of chinese for their east africa projects is largely to do with lack of educated local workers too . 
  ehm . . what ? 
  no one wants northern ireland , that is a given :p, 
  brits out . 
  seriously though , do you feel that way ? 
  that would be somewhat unfortunate . 
  well surely you need a public broadcaster , no ? 
  why does everyone forget ireland ? 
  :( we can be bad too ... * throws chewing gum on ground in protest *, 
  look , religion allows people to cling to backwards beliefs , it is not necessarily responsible for them . 
  wars have oft been validated by religious reasons , not actually fought for them . 
  now , ireland was let in to the european economic community in 1973 . 
  it did not have contraception , divorce or abortion . 
  it still does not have the latter . 
  was this right ? 
  it certainly was unfortunate . 
  does this make ireland trouble ? 
  i do n't know . 
  in 1995 we legalised divorce , by referendum . 
  wonder if it passed ? 
  of course ... [ by 9000 votes out of 2.6 million ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fifteenth_amendment_of_the_constitution_of_ireland ) . 
  catholicism is not much better than sunni islam you will find . 
  but you know , i do n't think catholics are ` animals ' and ` should n't be let in to europe ' as so many on reddit feel regarding muslims . 
  sounds like ireland not too long ago . 
  hint : ireland is catholic . 
   why are we spending money ( and wasting it on follies ) whilst we are going through a terrible downturn ? 
  because man 's destruction of the environment does not stop with a downturn . 
  climate change will make any downturn look positively rosey the way things are going . 
   until the situation is stabilised . 
  the earth 's climate is rapidly destabilising in relative terms . 
  i thought this was discussed 20 years ago . 
  we have a parliament . 
  i have no problem with states nominating senators to an upper house . 
  i just do n't like how everything seems to be controlled by national ministers these days . 
   my german is about c1 in cefr . 
  according to the cefr my french is a b1 at best :( my english is c2 , so that 's a start . 
   i support the idea of a ( con - ) federate europe . 
  i would argue that much of the problems of europe stem for its confederate nature . 
  states have too much power , it should be the people who have the power . 
  reading about ukraine is always depressing . 
  a country with so much potential , yet it has barely gotten back to where it was 22 years ago . 
  so much corruption , poverty , depression . 
  being a reporter there must be crushing . 
  well , russia is surveyed , i do n't see why turkey wouldnt be . 
  also north africa is on the map . 
  israel criticised ? 
  all people like you do is disrespect those who suffer from genuine anti-semitism . 
  i 'm confused , could you elaborate ? 
  you are a bit closer to the situation than me !, 
  well either way , it is my fault for starting it . 
  jordan and egypt acknowledge israel 's existence , as does the palestinian govt . 
  that is a very fair point . 
  sinai was given back . 
  still , perhaps ` holy landy hungry ' would be more accurate . 
  well , i ca n't explain the colonisation efforts otherwise . 
  hmmm .
