  there is no need to try and escalate the violence . 
  now , if the president decides to assad the situation ? 
  well maybe then i would understand protesters protecting themselves with violent means . 
  but as things are now ? 
  no , they should not try and raise the tension , and the vast majority are protesting peacefully , just as happened in istanbul similarly . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  perhaps , if the security forces brought out snipers and tanks i would be more sympathetic . 
  when you have control over the media and discourse , things are much easier . 
  on the other hand , everyone and their dog can hound obama in the us . 
  look at the hysterics to be seen on some fronts . 
   other crimes hitherto unheard of in the countries . 
  racists , oft so willingly na\u00efve . 
  do n't be so bitter , that 's not necessarily the reason . 
  most charity collectors are fairly reasonable . 
  i never get this `` old people are always the problem '' narrative . 
  mussolini was what , 39 , when he came to power ? 
  hitler was in his forties . 
  every generation can be problematic . 
  yes , jailed by the new ukrainian government . 
  not quite the say , dutch judicial process we are talking about here . 
  well , the point is that the majority party would vote in their proposed candidate for the commission presidency . 
  i 'd much rather the commission president be the prime minister as such , drawn from parliament and having a parliament based cabinet , requiring a governing majority . 
  still , if every serious grouping did this this would be step forward , and would require no treaty change . 
   i 'm a canadian and i 'm pretty much `` reddit informed '' on immigration issues in europe , so i hope i 'm not saying something stupid . 
  seriously , informing yourself here is not that good an idea . 
  use it as an element of a broader information base . 
  especially on a subject like this . 
  because you have to govern at some stage . 
  whether you like it or not , your countrymen gave more votes to the conservative party than any other party , for a 5 year mandate . 
  yes , i understand all this . 
  but i am talking about the british army - not about the willingness of london to let the ni parliament run it 's own country even to the detriment of much of the population . 
  the problem was , stormont remained in power at first during the deployment , when much of the worst of the stuff happened . 
  while the army could have acted differently , they were still somewhat constrained in this regard . 
  when london did take control of security of course , faulkner 's government resigned and stormont was disbanded as such . 
  well certainly , the british army managed to lose catholic support in ni far too quickly with lack of due care and a loose trigger . 
  that said , they also managed to stop the situation spiraling out of control ( completely at least ) , taking quite a large hit casualty wise in the process . 
  i suppose , while they made plenty of quite horrific mistakes , it was better they were there then were n't . 
   some 40,000 containers could be handled in the port right now . 
  `` we could increase this capacity up to 1 million , '' said narin even if they only bring it up to 200,000 this could be a good boost to montegegro . 
  hope investment is forthcoming and that both sides can benefit . 
  well , the situations are a bit different . 
  these people were killed by their own government unnecessarily . 
  in iraq , the vast majority of deaths were caused by militias in a civil war , not by coalition forces . 
  as for afghanistan , well , the taliban cause the majority of deaths despite no use of air fire power on their part . 
  you ca n't really criticise the west in afghanistan so harshly on that front either when you consider all the lives saved by the intervention , but i digress . 
  indeed , while there have been of course gd-committed murders , i doubt these lads had murdered anyone yet , even if they may have wanted to as such , it hardly makes it right - far from it . 
  let 's hope they are held fully accountable by the law and prevented from acting again . 
  13.2 % unemployment , while bad , is n't necessarily going to destroy our ability to pay back debt , far from it . 
  the deficit is on a downward trajectory , and places such as belgium have triple digit debt to gdp percentages to . 
  probably worth remembering that the communist regime in czechoslovakia , unlike other places , came about due to popular vote . 
  of course , they did n't have a majority , but just as other such parties have in the past , they took power anyway . 
  just worth remembering that your vote is worth using , and it has an effect . 
  these people probably thought they were voting for change for the better ... but alas . 
  while the situation was obviously not as grave as in nazi germany or even fascist italy , it was still unfortunate . 
  yes , and unfortunately in italy what is happening is austerity instead of reform . 
  they would rather cut and tax then change their society - a sad state of affairs , and the rest of europe is n't helping . 
  i 'm not too sure of the details , but it involved mongolia - and the soviets actually won too , despite the situation in 39 regarding the military . 
  it was a factor in japan striking against european colonies ( such as indonesia ) instead . 
  why is this being downvoted ? 
  this systematic dismantlement of jewish people 's property , positions , status and then most tragically families and lives - is a great shame for europe , perhaps the most shocking part of human history . 
  [ this article is a decent read ] ( http://www.dw.de/facing-long-road-spains-roma-make-strides/a-17095045 ) . 
  of course there are huge problems still ( disproportionate crime rates , still some shanty towns exist ) , however it seems that because spain started earlier , it is bringing about improvements before everyone else , while in some places the situation is even regressing . 
  that said , as far as i know they were not enslaved as they were in romania . 
  it 's still an anniversary , but sure . 
  it 's an unfortunate situation . 
  it 's a shame the annan plan was n't reformulated after the greek cypriots rejected it . 
  well , spain has been way ahead of the curve on this . 
  but bad news sells as we should all well know . 
  i do n't disagree !, 
  i 'm just pointing out that saying that the ec is the de facto finance minister is taking things too far . 
  certainly , austerity is being enforced by the ec ( and other eu governments ) , however the manner of such austerity is still up to the national government . 
  tell that to the japanese in 1939 eh . 
  i would n't got that far . 
  the nuances are left to the states , even in ireland there was a fair degree of flexibility ( although the irish government would have to agree such measures ) . 
  the broader issue with spain and italy is the debt and deficit in general . 
  i was n't , it was more in general . 
  of course , roma make the population a bit more brown overall skin tone wise , just as immigration from the commonwealth has to the uk and such . 
  oh i know , but you know the way some people see it . 
  if you 're as tanned as bulgarians , greeks , or turks , they seem to get alarm bells ringing in their head . 
  it 's quite sad on their part . 
  hence why i said `` brown * enough * '' . 
  does n't mean they are `` brown '' . 
  they 're brown enough to upset the racists , i 'm guessing . 
   4 ) they elect nationalist right-wing ministers , not necessarily because they agree with fascist ideas , but because `` at least they will fight for my country '' . 
  that 's a huge cop out in my opinion . 
  normal meps are the ones who claim to do best for their constituents . 
  the far-right say they should leave the eu on the other hand . 
  probably worth remember chamberlain 's comments regarding czechoslovakia , which basically amounted to `` why should we risk our lives for some faraway country '' , which somewhat reflected public opinion in the uk at the time . 
  same could have applied to poland if it had been the poles first i suppose . 
  well sure , we 're not bringing russians are arabs or west africans en masse . 
  but ghettos can form anywhere out of anyone . 
  look at the situation with blacks in the us , the soviet transplanted communities in the baltics or even the slums that used to exist in dublin . 
  they are far from unavoidable . 
  we have avoided ( new ) ghettos in ireland more or less , have we not ? 
  fact is , there was a lack of planning , and lack of acceptance that these people would stay . 
  well you know , greeks and cypriots are very different from arabs , as are turks , that 's a given . 
  see , this is kinda the problem - it 's sort of like what she talked about - good immigrants and problem immigrants - but instead it 's true turks and well , crappy turks . 
  now , i do n't disagree that emigrants from turkey were far more likely to be impoverished , but i think such an attitude adds to the problem . 
  the issue here is and was germany 's policies . 
  a plan of `` guest workers '' was always horribly short sighted .
