  i hope any intervention goes well . 
  the government and army of mali need external help to root out the extremist separatists in the north . 
  they have already caused huge social , cultural , economic and most of all , human damage . 
  the sooner order is restored the better . 
  in ireland most of our primary and secondary level schools are single sex . 
  girls still outperform boys . 
  does n't seem to have an impact . 
  i think its just that girls try harder , and are perhaps more suited to certain subjects ? 
  maths of course is famed for being dominated by males , as is physics and the like . 
  languages , and arts however are another story . 
  there is of course the idea , that by creating high unemployment , unit labour costs will fall and an economy will become more competitive . 
  while this might be somewhat effective , i would really rather see a solution that does n't leave 1 in 9 across the union , and nearly 1 in 4 in spain and greece out of work . 
  lets just hope in making it , that their social fabric has not been irreversibly damaged . 
  we have imposed too much , too fast on them , because we did not keep an eye on beforehand . 
  the fact that they would now ( in simple arithmetic , although i doubt in reality ) , be better off unilaterally defaulting means that we should give them debt relief . 
  it shows the progress they have made . 
  a weak greece only costs us all money . 
  also , may i point out that the lost economic productivity in europe probably will probably end up being as bad as simply mutualising greek debt . 
  not saying that quite should have been done , but nonetheless . 
  hopefully the next govt . 
  will be a lib dem/labour coalition so they can start getting used to the idea . 
  i 'm sure they know of the heady days of the liberal lloyd george heading a tory majority coalition . 
  shit link . 
  co2 is a lot more prevalent than co and i really dont believe your irrelevant headline . 
  america is more to blame . 
  sure europe is too but at least we try to be efficient ... 
  well if the author was n't going to include turkey , seems logical that they would n't bother with russia . 
  great bunch of lads . 
  boris is a grand guy , i would n't vote for him but i 'd certainly go knacker drinking in a field with the man . 
  liz seems like a nice woman , she certainly seems better than her eldest son . 
  guy is a grand guy too really . 
  what is the alternative ? 
  there is no such thing as a perfect politician - * or a perfect electorate * . 
  it 's hard to keep one 's promises in a coalition where one is very much the junior partner . 
  and i must say i do like nick clegg . 
  i would still be very much inclined to vote liberal democrat . 
  so much of the british empire was actually based on cooperation with local monarchs . 
  one needs only look at the princely states in india . 
  france tried much harder to integrate its empire . 
  you know , i 'm as cynical as the next guy , but i do not believe that is how all politicians operate at all . 
  there are plenty of self-interested politicians , but the majority of politicians do not set out to make things worse . 
  perhaps not by the european commission itself , but certainly organised within the union 's framework . 
  this site would be relatively near a good few german states , southern poland , slovakia , austria etc. 
  this is pretty interesting . 
  sounds like a facility all of central europe could make use of . 
  it 's important to have these sort of things , just in case . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_income_equality#gini_coefficient.2c_after_taxes_and_transfers the us is waaay worse than the uk . 
  far far worse . 
  it makes the uk and ireland look pretty good actually . 
  i would expect that a lot of this is due to the fact that due to lower income inequality , more people can actually afford a car in europe . 
  america is destroying its economy and social fabric with its high rates of income inequality . 
  edit : to clarify , what i mean is that despite incomes on the whole being lower in europe than in the us , people in lower classes , at least in western european countries , can actually afford a car , while still being able to keep services . 
  fairly expensive ? 
  compared to what , bulgaria ? 
  cost of living doesnt vary massively in non-ex communist europe . 
  i found nl to be a bit cheaper than ireland last time i was there , difference would be less now mind . 
  not for foreigners , just for scottish and non-british eu citizens ( yes , if you are english , northern irish or welsh you are screwed ) . 
  third level education is generally cheap for europeans , not for foreigners as such i am afraid . 
  the us really should have stuck with the hunter gatherer native american culture . 
  sure it was backwards and inefficient but culture is culture isnt it !, 
  shame the natives did n't restrict immigration , but its too late now i guess . 
  isnt the greek military one of the largest in europe ? 
  this seems ridiculous ... 
  when ireland was admitted to the then eec in 1973 , it was a backwards , poor , strongly religious country . 
  its politics were messed up , it had a major dispute with the uk over northern ireland , and members of government would even run guns to terrorists in northern ireland . 
  in this context , i can empathise with turkey . 
  they are doing a lot of wrong things at the moment . 
  but france and germany 's unfettered opposition to turkey merely turns turkey away . 
  it alienates them . 
  i think that europe as a whole has to make new efforts to bring turkey into the fold . 
  turkey has twice the population of bulgaria and romania combined . 
  its population will grow unlike theirs , but it is manageable . 
  we must try . 
  europe can not become insular and inward-looking , even if thats what many want . 
  which we should not have to do , certainly not with regards to operations in the mediterranean area !, 
  at the very least we should be able to hold our own within a decent radius around europe . 
  thatcher did , actually fix some things . 
  i never liked her idealism , or single-mindedness , or lack of understanding for so many issues , and she probably was pm for too long , but nonetheless , the uk was in need of change when she came to power . 
  the change was not the kind i 'd like , being of the social-democrat sort , but still , i 'd say she did more good than harm . 
  left unrestrained it would likely have been the other way around , at least in my mind , however . 
  now i remember why i have you tagged as a racist ... 
  ah yeah i agree !, 
  i think our soldiers are well suited to that stuff alright . 
  there 's truth in what you say , but it 'd be wise to avoid overstating these things . 
  yes , i would imagine that europeans would have a better temperament than the americans , and perhaps better skill in these situations , but there wouldnt be a massive difference . 
  the irish rangers have outperformed us forces in a couple of things . 
  a couple . 
  the irish army on the whole is not ready for war in the way that the british army is . 
  i know loads of people who go to mass here for christmas , its a once a year thing for them . 
  had to play ps3 unfortunately , next year * cough * . 
  holland is not netherlands !, 
  holland to be new european state !, 
  independence now !, 
  i can see this happening . 
  it will be glorious . 
  it is very important to remember that we will not be able to use this oil or gas extensively if we wish to limit global warming due to man induced climate change . 
  that 's what the illuminati want you to think . 
  ... someone got an a1 in irish !, 
  eight years of primary education really helps one remember certain phrases . 
  both sides really need to get their shit together .
