  she has really fallen in my estimation of late . 
  as opposed to what , 17 % for that referendum ? 
  so the denial of science and economics , support for torture , mass killings etc should n't worry europeans ? 
  yet 90 % of republicans voted for the far right . 
  completely agree . 
  merkel 's lack of leadership has been all too on display for years . 
  i hope merkel finally steps up to the plate . 
  not going to hold my breath . 
  i guess i 'm struggling with this . 
  how can i justify being against islamic immigration if i 'm not against republicans moving to europe ? 
  i mean i actually have normal , rational muslim friends . 
  i guess it seems like something middle eastern to us . 
  although i guess religion is quite influential in poland and romania . 
  well we 'll stop commenting once you reduce your carbon emissions . 
  yup : /, 
  sure . 
  but he supports such rhetoric so it 's all good . 
  i mean i would have thought the same , but the elected federal government of the us has assured me otherwise . 
  when did i do that ? 
  i 'm just saying they could do something . 
  like protest . 
  second amendment people ? 
  how hard is it to do your own washing ? 
  like i get hanging up clothes on the clothes line is time consuming , but still . 
  nope , he never said that . 
  how on earth is 28 % not a significant chance ? 
  that 's two heads in a row . 
  yet the people of crimea did not vote for independence parties etc. 
  instead they got 2-3 years of intense russian propaganda and then an invasion . 
  would you support this happening to estonia ? 
  these people were in no way oppressed . 
  comparing it to kosovo is insulting to the victims of serb ethnic cleansing . 
  comparisons with stalin deporting say , chechens are poor because stalin did n't intend to destroy an ethnicity for reasons of racial ideology , he sought to neutralise them politically as he saw them as allying with the enemy . 
  yes he did kill a lot of them with the deportations , but most of them survived . 
  it really is horrific to say that something worse than that happened in the 21st century , but the holocaust , where we saw the near successful attempt to completely exterminate the jewish and roma population , to be followed by most poles and east slavs ( apart from those to be used as slave labour ) , is that . 
  they were forcing angolans into periods of levied labour . 
  for what it 's worth , angolan independence was a damn shame . 
  after 500 years of colonisation , they would have been better off becoming a europeanised dependent territory . 
  however their independence was far more justified than crimea 's unilateral annexation . 
  was kiev commuting ethnic cleansing in crimea ? 
  was it forcing crimeans into periods of levied labour ? 
  maybe russia should have thought about that before taking all of ukraine 's nuclear weapons in exchange for guarantees for its territorial integrity : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budapest_memorandum_on_security_assurances russia could have negotiated to buy crimea or something if approved by a referendum , instead they invaded . 
  they 're a trump supporter . 
  we 're on the side of the majority of americans , not those who wish to destroy us . 
  if you 're with us , you 're with us . 
  we supported america under obama , under w , under clinton . 
  we just want you guys sane again . 
  tbf having 7 kids is fair qualification . 
  i do n't have a problem with him being a social conservative necessarily . 
  i just see anyone too close to berlusconi as being visionless at best , pro-putin and corrupt at worst . 
  still , he 's just the president of the parliament . 
  this is the way it should be . 
  it seems like df has had a positive impact on danish politics in some respects , even if i would n't vote for them . 
  i know . 
  apparently climate change is a chinese hoax . 
  this is the thing . 
  for almost every country today , absolute sovereignty is an illusion . 
  fair . 
  we do n't want you to fail at all . 
  public opinion has been quite pro-us the last few years . 
  we just need you to become more pro-science . 
  sure i support him . 
  i 'm just not sure it 's a rejection of ps 's neoliberal lean . 
  well we 've good reason to dislike trump , but my point is where is the evidence most europeans want the us to break up ? 
  i got banned , probably for posting too much in french . 
  so instead socialist voters are backing the arch-neoliberal macron ? 
  this is my opinion , but i thought von der leyen was a bit better than the rest foreign policy wise ? 
  my knowledge of german federal politics is pretty shit tbh . 
  so what 's the customs solution ? 
  do you have any proof of that ? 
  so will ni be part of the european customs area ? 
  wait so without passport checks and customs checks , how do you stop ireland being used to funnel immigrants and goods into the uk . . ? 
  wait , you 're not going to argue that mercantalism is bad , and instead are choosing to call * me * economically illiterate ? 
   uk government 's official intent on keeping the border netween the republic and the north open . 
  indeed . 
   the only way there would be broder checkpoints is if the eu forces it upon ireland oh yeah , it 'd be brussels ' fault for customs and passport checks ? 
  what do you suggest ? 
  trump also takes a mercantalist view of the world and will seek to screw you over as much as possible with any trade deal , that 's my point . 
  still no solid solution . 
  we 're hurtling towards border checkpoints . 
  people in ireland are very annoyed by how your government keeps ignoring ni , which is n't helping . 
  how would you feel about us hoping for the us to break up ? 
  trump on your side , lol . 
  i agree , but without schulz there is no-one who can replace her from another party . 
  i would like to see her replaced by someone with more leadership from within her party . 
  indeed . 
  perfectly reasonable . 
  what we need are extraterritorial facilities . 
  we obviously ca n't ignore refugees , but we do n't need to have them in europe either . 
  as for other immigrants , europe 's unemployment is over 8 % , we do n't really need them . 
  why ? 
  they 're inefficient . 
  well the latter effects people in shit tier countries who get no benefit , so it 's a bit unfair . 
  but your emissions are twice europe 's per capita . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  no wonder your emissions are ridiculously high . 
  we need extraterritorial facilities asap . 
  seriously i do n't want a monarchy , but kingdom of europe sounds badass . 
  too soon . 
  the same as monarch-less malaysian states .
