   the terrorist acts changed a lot they hardly changed minds enough to swing things this much . 
  this subreddit is certainly not 50/50 . 
  my pretty mild opinions routinely get downvoted , i 'm not exactly a big lefty am i ? 
  i 've been around here for ages . 
  when ? 
   orangechat integrates with our irc channel ( #europe on irc.snoonet.org ) so you can still use irc normally ? 
  yeah , fuck the mods for giving us more options !, 
  that 's what i 'm saying - would n't read too much into it , could just have been the closest labour mp to him . 
  i do think it 's interesting - these two were n't particularly high ranking , or political leaders like pim fortuyn . 
  would n't read too much into the gender implications all the same . 
  yeah , that 's my line of thinking . 
  at least you feel like trump might actually believe his ridiculous shit about vaccines and such . 
  i do n't really think the european government should support one of the best of states in the union that has dodgy tax practices . 
  maybe if we agreed to fiscal transfers we could get some temporary help , but we 'd end up net contributors in the long term . 
  not a bad idea , but unlikely given the current governance issues in poland . 
  let 's see if the government changes tack . 
  well we 're working on that are n't we ? 
  i 'm sure helping them with this and such will make them more keen on the idea . 
  i mean if you were morocco would you want those people back , given that they are probably the least economically productive of your youth ? 
  carrot and stick approach should work well . 
  we should certainly have a decent sized stick , but would n't we all rather take the friendly approach , reminding them of help we can give and the aid we provide that might get cut off ? 
  it 's sad , because i feel like boris actually knows better . 
  yet you see boris producing same soundbites as you get from trump on things like climate change . 
  are n't they a bunch of socialists ? 
  if you 've been to an english shop you 'll likely see some dire journalism on display . 
  their tabloids are rubbish . 
  but based putin hates le refugees too , please , that 's all that counts , even if he is responsible for millions of them in syria !, 
  glad to see almost all of us seeing climate change as a threat . 
  interesting that more people see refugees as a * major * threat than russia . 
  i mean sure , if you said minor threat that 'd be one thing , but after what we 've seen the last two years with russia invading ukraine and trying to destabilise the rest of europe ? 
  well / u/biology _ gradstudent , as i 'm sure you know , given the very high incidence of the relevant recessive genes in the irish population , not marrying your cousin is n't really an effective strategy to avoid your kids having cf , although it would certainly be much more dangerous . 
  and indeed , the gene has nothing to do with inbreeding . 
  i 'm sure you know about the cholera hypothesis for its prevalence . 
  however inbreeding means that certain recessive genes are going to be more likely to collide in a kid . 
  a few more people with a much lower incidence of gammy genes would help a little bit . 
  well , i said as much . 
  i do n't really have much issue with non-european immigration , but what with our unemployment rates we do n't need much now . 
  i imagine germany is fine , but given irish cf rates i 'm happy we 've had a bunch of other europeans come over to help dilute the mutated genes . 
  i disagree . 
  we should try to ensure our citizens get fair trials abroad , whether they willingly placed themselves in a situation or not . 
  there 's an irish-egyptian in an egyptian prison right now , part of a mass trial with the death penalty as punishment . 
  you might think he was stupid , but holy shit , handing the death penalty down in a mass trial to a bunch of people accused of protesting ? 
  that 's not justice . 
  thanks , glad someone said this . 
  easier for us to protest when something is done , but some of us remember how europe stood idly by as yugoslavia tore itself apart . 
  why were there only men of fighting age in those crowds ? 
  where are the women and children among the tourists ? 
  too alive . 
  not really . 
  mussolini would be fairer . 
  2016 is the year of desktop linux , that 's why !, 
  that 's not the point , is it ? 
  the point is jumping to blame french muslims as a group , rather than football hooligans , which between the english and russians are in no shortage . 
  well that 's what i was wondering - i 'm trying to figure out where you 're being branded `` racist '' . 
  where are you being called racist for complaining about violent people in context ? 
   you can hardly criticise islam oh please , where , in your local mosque ? 
   violent refugees maybe your problem is you 're trying to paint all refugees as violent ? 
  i 'd imagine most people are upvoting this due to how ridiculous it is . 
  mind you op is a trump supporter , but hey , we need idiots to make us look better , right ? 
  when has a cult of personality ever gone wrong ? 
  might be better use of money than expecting consumers to simply buy more ipads , in all fairness . 
  the risk of having to create a nature reserve due to a nuclear accident is much less bothersome than the risk of definitely suffering the effects of climate change , which will hit those who generated the least emissions hardest . 
  we are n't hoping the uk fails . 
  we are hoping that we 'll get something out of the uk seceding even if we are still looking at some economic damage . 
  you ca n't blame us for wanting that if you secede , we wo n't have the same responsibility to care about the uk if it 's no longer in a union with us . 
   just because it is n't part of some bureaucracy ? 
  if this is your understanding of the facts , i really , really hope you do some research if you 're planning on voting in the referendum . 
  i was pretty impressed by how the policeman acted . 
  defended himself very quickly , kept his cool . 
  not a hope he 'd have successfully arrested those fuckers , leaving to get backup was the only option . 
  exactly . 
  read my post ... 
  how is that virtue signalling ? 
  there 's nothing stopping donald trump being an actual politician rather than a reality tv star . 
  maybe he should take a leaf out of marine le pen 's book instead of acting like someone far too unintelligent to ever be fit for office . 
  the turkey agreement relates to non-turkish people . 
  very different to deportation agreements . 
  mhmm . 
  these are the somewhat educated . 
  they need to stay in their country , where they can help it develop , rather than being unable to contribute in more developed world . 
  these are a bunch of conspiracy theorists . 
   eritreans in germany are almost never rejected . 
  maybe because they have legitimate asylum claims . . ? 
   and if they are , half of those will stay illegally . 
  this is the actual issue . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  and rightfully so , you guys should pay less for having such foresight and should be rewarded . 
  well sure , i have always advocated creating safe zones outside of europe for these people - but that does n't mean they do n't have a very valid asylum claim . 
  most eritrean refugees are in ethiopia , for the record . 
  and i 'm sure you know the history there . 
  the denial of asylum rights you see in this thread leads me to feel that there is no nuance in the views of a lot of people on this subject . 
  sure , but that was more of a european issue . 
  american emissions per capita are twice as high as ours , because no real effort has been made to curtail them until very recently , which is an absolute disgrace . 
  well if the yanks wo n't , someone in the developed world has to reduce their carbon emissions . 
  the issue is not the conscription , but the nature of it as i said . 
  i did n't say `` press freedom was a reason to claim asylum '' , i said that the situation means there 'll be legitimate asylum claims . 
  the issue here is the conscription issue . 
  you ca n't really deny asylum claims based on that given the horrendous nature of eritrean conscription . 
  given how it has lower press freedom than north korea you 're going to get a lot of journalists and political figures with legitimate claims too . 
  acting as if it is like cuba is disingenuous .
