  a comment blaming turkey for europe 's problems ? 
  18 upvotes . 
  all i said was turkey does n't help , or do enough . 
  i presume that there are people who upvote any comment critical of turkey , just as some downvote any comment here made by a turk . 
  turkish people are lovely , and i am disgusted at the way turkey has been pushed away from the eu . 
  the anti-turkey circlejerk is indeed strong on this subreddit , but i am not part of it . 
  really interesting to see the different migration patterns and such . 
  also , in a lot of the maps , the bosnia area seems to be some sort of exception , which is intriguing . 
  although i 'm probably reading too much into it . 
  haha , merci , 
  i ca n't speak irish at all . 
  it 's really depressing . 
  my french is pretty bad , but i learned irish for twice as long and i ca n't even say basic things that i want to say . 
  i started off intending to speak irish , but i found myself unable to say anything at all . 
  at least i can in french . 
  that 's what i wanted to say . 
  oh no , i 'm not belittling them !, 
  the opposite in fact . 
  what i 'm saying is that these people must be pushed to the limit . 
  i want to go to thailand . 
  but i 'm not desperate enough to stow myself away in the landing gear bay . 
  that is pretty desperate by any measure . 
  tu mensonges . 
  well fair enough , something stupid like that is sinn f\u00e9in 's forte . 
  is \u00e9 sin leatsa ? 
   can sinn fein turn up ? 
  they are republicans . 
  they 'd just get kicked out of parliament on a regular basis when they said something `` unparliamentary '' . 
  well , i do n't see the situation as being dissimilar to ukip . 
  and i do n't see why being republican means they ca n't take their seats . 
  it took decades for them to take seats in the irish parliament too . 
  never a good plan to vote for mps who wont do anything but leech of the state . 
  makes one wonder what could push somebody into stowing away in a jet like that . 
  the issue of course is that turkey permits ( i 'm sure they could at least try harder ) these people to reach greece , and greece thus ends up dealing with much of europe 's illegal immigration . 
  the treatment is still often despicable , but every european country has a a responsibility to help deal with these people . 
  these are humans too , even if what they did was illegal . 
  must be kept in mind . 
  erdo\u01e7an looks a bit hitlerish too , at least with the moustache and stern look . 
  well sure , if you go out and randomly kill a bunch of hindus , sure . 
  but if you donate money to charity and pray ? 
  this is n't / r/atheism . 
  home grown terrorism not based on separatism seems to be becoming a bigger and bigger issue . 
  i hope that the germans learned their lesson about not taking the far right threat seriously . 
  religion is oft just an excuse , not the reason . 
  organised religion is horribly state controlled and monitored however . 
  yeah , the quality gives it away . 
  sinn f\u00e9in do this in westminster , and i strongly dislike it . 
  ukip should actually do things , instead of regularly failing to turn up . 
  abstention is a terrible plan . 
  i love the first guy 's picture , very anchorman . 
  the statement too haha . 
  local buses do n't , she might be going a few dozen kilometres somewhere . 
  certainly !, 
  i find it fascinating the way people can go to these places with no real connection . 
  it was one thing to hear libyans going off to fight against gadaffi 's forces in libya ( or at least provide help , doctor 's for instance ) , which was completely understandable , but with syria , it seems many have no real connection , and just want to help other sunni muslims . 
  unfortunately , they help little , and only bring about support for the side of assad due to the fear they create outside syria . 
  many will perhaps be fighting long after the bulk of the conflict is over , as we still see in iraq . 
  this is a very unnuanced view of the conflict . 
  i strongly doubt the democratic credentials of these fighters , however assad has been engaged in civilian mass murders and repression from the start , and has been massively sectarian . 
  the support for assad and the ba'ath is daft . 
  secular = / = good . 
  i 'd take 50 's ireland over assad 's syria any day . 
  anyway , there needs to be a negotiated solution . 
  unfortunately we have seen the worst case scenario play out , and it 's very depressing to watch . 
  interesting that they are investigating the driver . 
  i would have imagined these speed restrictions would be somewhat automated . 
  well , it 's only a survey , one has to take these with a grain of salt . 
  and yes gay marriage is legal in france . 
  as i pointed out in my comment , russia , turkey and poland in europe have all grown , particularly turkey , yet attitudes have worsened . 
  a correlation exists i 'm sure , but it 's not the be all and end all . 
  whoops , thanks for pointing that out . 
  my apologies to both nationalities . 
  personally , in my entirely uneducated and uninformed view , these acts strike me as having the purpose of installing terror , just like a bombing attack . 
  full on ethnic cleansing is different , although i would of course be worried about things moving towards that . 
  it 's not universal however . 
  russia , poland , turkey , czech republic , france have all regressed , the first three in the context of already worryingly low acceptance , and economic growth which one would hope would bring progress . 
  i 'm sure things will improve in montenegro , but i worry that it may take two decades rather than four years . 
   you are extremely arrogant , you know that ? 
  i 'll give you a quick reply , i ca n't stand the thought of you basking in your ignorance and congratulating yourself for your supposed superiority . 
  now now , we are all arrogant in our own way . 
  it 's pretty sad alright . 
  the #europe irc is nothing like this , that 's something i guess . 
  goes to show people wont say these things if one knows who they are somewhat . 
  ` everything has it 's cause ' was used as an excuse for the holocaust too . 
  someone get / r/circlejerk in here , you are literally hitler . 
   we have problems and i say , until we deal with our problems we should n't deal with anyone 's problems . 
  i hear this excuse all the time . 
  the thing is , times will never be good enough . 
  we should be helping those who are much more downtrodden than us . 
  if one looks at much of africa now , they 'll see some of the fastest growing countries in the world . 
  from a low base , yes , but nevertheless , things are getting better finally . 
  the 60s to the early 90s were very rough times for africa . 
   besides let 's look at the good parts of colonialism , would we ? 
  america , africa , australia and parts of asia would still be stuck thousands of years back . 
  colonialism gave the push to many countries to enter the new era of prosperity . 
  it has it up sides although the bad sides are significant and ca n't be ignored . 
  india for example went from 25 % of the world 's economy to a negligible percentage , i find that debatable . 
  these countries were n't thousands of years back , they were rapidly overtaken due to the transfer of productivity to certain countries . 
  these are all fair points . 
  the major issue with european colonialism however was mercantile policies , which basically transferred the entire economic surplus from colonies to the home country , in a way that had n't really happened on such a scale before .
