  somalia was pulled out of in 1993 after two dozen soldiers were killed and we 've seen how that 's went . 
  we pretended the syrian civil war did n't affect us ... and well look at the tv . 
  interesting to see how poland and india ( and ireland somewhat ) are outliers while the rest ( lithuania , jamaica etc ) are quite proportionate . 
  a lot of iraqi refugees were n't even muslim , and eritrea is n't majority muslim , but whatever stirs your hate boner i suppose . 
  precisely . 
  the vast majority of ukraine is safe . 
  there are not upward demographic pressures . 
  nowhere in syria is safe . 
  the neighbouring countries have taken in an incredible amount proportionally . 
  i 've said that ukraine requires far more help for ages - offensive weaponary , training , loans , subsidies , and a harder line on russia . 
  however to compare the syrian displaced with those of ukraine is disingenuous . 
  i find it quite terrifying that those who complain about the muslim hoarde have the most in common with salafists . 
  cognitive dissonance is rife . 
  if you seriously think that pre-enlightment armies did n't rape anyone you probably should do some reading before commenting further . 
  by your definition ever prime minister is a dictator . 
  spending has been dramatically cut in the last few years , despite the population growing . 
  teachers , nurses etc are needed . 
  furthermore the public sector agreed to harsh temporary tax cuts on the promise they would be partially done asap . 
  that was prudent - but promises should n't be broken . 
  the tax cuts are more debatable , however the tax burden was increased significantly , at all levels . 
  overheating is certainly a worry , however this amounts to about a fiscal increase of less than 1 % of gdp . 
  government spending as a % of gdp will barely change . 
  our central bank is a bit more competent these days - they introduced deposit requirements for mortgages . 
  however property prices are still increasing at a very fast rate . 
  part of this may be due to undervaluation ( i 'm no economist ) , but if such increases continue into 2017/18 i 'll be quite worried . 
  despite the high growth the government has decided to stick with budget plans drawn up with lower figures - $ 1.5 bn of tax cuts and spending increases , divided 50:50 . 
  i 'd rather see it all go on spending increases , but $ 1.5 bn is a reasonable figure . 
  so it seems - based on what cameron is proposing . 
  finally a good move on his part . 
  you ask these people such questions , and they reject the prospect out of hand . 
  this is the unfortunate legacy of the peace much of europe has endured in the post-wwii era , people become detached from the possibility of such plight . 
  i agree with you - we should take refugees directly from refugee camps . 
  this is another reason i 'm so in favour of taking people from refugee camps . 
  we can give people resources to learn languages there , and they can put themselves on a list for a country ( supply and demand based on quota ) . 
  even if a family could n't speak , say , slovene , a grasp of grammar and common phrases could help enormously . 
  ideally classes should be set up . 
  well , lots of people here get `` grinds '' ( private tuition ) . 
  i gave some myself at the start of university . 
  but most schools prepare students quite well . 
  however it really depends on the school - there are sadly schools that despite having a normal iq spread of students produce quite bad results . 
  the irish system sounds incredibly similar . 
  your fate is decided on two and a half weeks if exams . 
  there 's tons of preparation , mock exams etc. 
  it worked fine for me back when i sat the state exams , but not so for other people i guess . 
  yes , and that was n't evident from the video ... 
  precisely . 
  this is what i 've been saying for ages . 
  i 've been a poster here for years , i believe in law and order - however the use of illegal to describe these people , while legally correct , is simply a smear . 
  as you say , there is no legal way to enter - which is required to claim asylum , as is their human right . 
  yeah , but from watching the video ( and looking at the comments ) that 's what most of us assumed - he was the local drunk who sleeps rough . 
  jesus christ are you really going to blame the us for ukraine ? 
  that 's entirely russia 's fault . 
  libya ? 
  libyans fault and islamists ( sure we should 've been more proactive but it 's not like they do n't have agency ) . 
  assad 's fault , and you can blame the french for divide and rule colonialism . 
  if they do n't want to stay , send them to a refugee camp in jordan and take someone else . 
  they 'll be fingerprinted etc. 
  there is no sensible legal process in place , so how can we blame them for being allowed to break the law ? 
  a quota system , and centralised refugee processing ( so that countries like hungary ca n't keep managing to refuse * syrians * asylum ) is needed . 
  homeless people who are drunk in the morning and ramble on about various things generally do not choose such a life of their own volition , they generally have such issues . 
  hmm , i assumed he had some mental issues given his thought process etc. 
  well , whatever his beliefs , his actions seemed to be kind in the video . 
  the police came to deal with the guy - this implies there was a breach of peace , and also that someone got the police out . 
  it 's pretty understandable . 
   why is europe even taking in subsahrans ? 
  there is no war there you 're right . 
  we should have a legal process for taking refugees directly from refugee camps - i agree with you there . 
  poor guy . 
  seems like a very decent man . 
  i hope he gets the help he needs . 
   we are talking about greece right ? 
  do n't be facetious , you obviously know he 's referring to the eu . 
  they bombed the pkk with the cooperation of the iraqi kurdistan govt ( who hate the pkk too ) . 
  situation is n't black and white . 
  the ausrians would later claw back a lot of the land after all . 
  but it 's not like you were the only european power to go downhill while failing to collapse , look at spain . 
  my point is that the specific religion is irrelevant . 
  that 's the same for any registered religion . 
  there 's nothing stopping some breakaway catholic group `` marrying '' people in a similar fashion and never having it legalised . 
  yeah , outmatching them in numbers would n't have simply won the war . 
  as you say , the ottomans were more technologically advanced , better equipped and trained , and had the manpower and funds for an extended campaign . 
  i do . 
  israeli refugee policy is horrific . 
  look at how they treat eritreans for example . 
  you get sent to a camp in the desert . 
  i do n't approve of most things turkey does - but how on earth can we blame them for letting refugees escape west when they 've taken on nearly two million refugees , while most of the rest of europe refuses to help ? 
  precisely . 
  i ca n't believe people are even suggesting this . 
  the vast majority of ukraine is safe , and it 's not chronically short of accommodation for idps . 
  as another poster said , work visas are what 's needed to help ukraine . 
  whereas there 's nowhere safe in syria ,, 
  yeah . 
  should europe deport all norwegians due to brevik ? 
   none of this would have happened if we had a stronger stance on illegal immigration . 
  the term `` fortress europe '' has n't come about for no reason . 
  how about we tighten the borders - after instituting a process to allow refugees to apply for protection in europe from refugee camps , so they can enter europe legally ? 
  not when the war stops - send them back to a refugee camp , and take other refugees from said camp . 
  people are n't dying for the chance to own flat screen tvs . 
  germans fleeing west was one of the world 's first modern refugee crises . 
  aid was provided primarily by the us .
