  trade had been a competency of the european government from the get-go , nothing has changed in sovereignty terms . 
  i do n't really see why . 
  no , that applies to european constitutional change . 
  this is just a trade agreement . 
  revise trianon !, 
  why ? 
  it eh , did n't go far enough ... 
   when people get sick of seeing eu intransigence or impotence , or are indignant about something being imposed at an eu level well sure , governments like ireland 's , germany 's etc need to get off their asses and start finding permanent solutions . 
  france has been good in mali and car , italy has been working hard on libya . 
  we need a more cohesive policy , we need to be tougher on russia and so on . 
  the point is that this is all within the gift of national governments . 
  well i would n't say `` same difference '' . 
  blaming the commission and parliament seems to be a way to abdicate responsibility for our choices when it comes to national elections . 
  it 's not simply brussels though . 
  it 's the council . 
  was n't the manif pour tous pretty big compared to the opposition one saw in other western european countries ? 
  well , it was more that it was a civil war on our border . 
  and you 're right , we should have been more forceful on assad in hindsight . 
  i 'm worried i 'm beginning to like him : /, 
  you think libya would be better if the 2011 conflict dragged on ? 
  the genie was out of the bottle , gadaffi had far too little support to ever regain absolute control , although he could kill plenty trying to . 
  the present flows sure , but very relevant to global pressures , half the syrian population has been displaced . 
  anyway , i 'm with renzi on this . 
  that refers to a small irish company . 
  the whole point here is that irish companies are forced to pay the headline rate . 
  apple can pay 0.05 % thanks to illegal irish state aid . 
  how is that fair ? 
  sure , but it 's the head of the executive , council , and parliament that are relevant , not the actual title . 
  who cares about the auditors ? 
  yeah but those deportations where they were n't cooperating were understandable . 
  how is this sort of thing ? 
  i 'm really glad to see italy having some sort of responsibility here . 
  renzi 's migration compact showed an understanding of the situation europe is surrounded by . 
  hopefully germany ( and ireland etc ) realise that we ca n't bury our heads in the sand . 
  this just in : world hails breakthrough as government discovers mechanism to attempt two tasks concurrently . 
  yes , i definitely think s&d are in the right here . 
  the split parliament presidency agreement was based on an s&d council president - instead tusk was elected by the council . 
  they 're right to push for an end to the diktat of fiscal hawks too . 
  what 's interesting to me is the idea that schulz might want to run as leader of the spd in the 2017 german elections . 
  could he have the spd 's bacon ? 
  why does n't he lead the fp\u00d6 in the next federal parliamentary elections then ? 
  did he mix up the paperwork ? 
  really ? 
  someone should tell juncker 's cabinet that , given that macky dees is facing a luxembourg probe . 
  poland had no trouble being included in discussions between states under po . 
  pis needs to change for poland to gain back the respect it had . 
  what 's the actual stereotype ? 
  which is fair enough . 
  this is just frustration at the self-imposed belief that brussels rules from afar against britain , not for it . 
  yeah . 
  stiglitz is basically calling for fiscal transfers in a hyperbolic fashion . 
  exactly . 
  it was an imposed monopoly , and was damaging - internet explorer was not a competitive product , it was awful . 
  yet it dominated the market . 
  that decision helped improve the internet greatly . 
  ms were finally forced to compete . 
  they now make good browsers . 
  free market at work . 
   contribution of poland to world 's pollution production is around 1 % this is why everything is done at the european level - so you 're 10 % of 15 % ( or whatever ) globally . 
  europe pulling its weight makes a difference . 
  everyone in europe needs to pull its weight . 
  france is , for example . 
  ireland is not . 
  poland does n't seem to either . 
  yes , many are quite good . 
  fair enough , i suppose we can resettle 100 refugees for ever 1 jihadi we send over ? 
  it 's a pretty high number that we should be worried about , it 's not like these people are joining a somewhat more sane terrorist organisation with understandable beliefs ( like say , black hand back in the day , or offshoots from the plo ) , these people are going somewhere likely to die . 
  0.05-0 .1 % is quite high in that context . 
  they 're less likely to join the army !, 
  what about secular terrorism ? 
  that 's very unfair on the people who live in affected areas of syria/iraq though . 
  does n't really explain all the converts , or the large amount of people who did n't take islam seriously then rediscovered it . 
  you can be alienated while otherwise well integrated , often through no ones fault . 
  high per capita , not high per muslim as such . 
  france i 'm not too worried about given the runoff system , but yeah , you 'd have to be very worried about trump winning due to non-voters turning out in high numbers for him . 
  he 's never even held elected office . 
  mlp does n't seem to want to win power right now as she understands what it is . 
  he 's just unhinged . 
  to be honest i was a bit shocked myself . 
  i never knew things were quite as bad . 
  i guess i believed the lies about `` no special deals '' , just lots of loopholes in the tax codes . 
  the oecd is working on this . 
  we need to move on from being a tax haven . 
  all we are doing by stalling is making ourselves look bad . 
  state aid rules are made up ? 
  wild lie ? 
  perhaps , but want can we do about him ? 
  we have ignored turkey for decades , you ca n't blame the average turkish voter for believing we do n't give a shit about them . 
  we have to work with the political reality . 
  but they 'd be in greek waters then , so they 'd be able to claim asylum . 
  in the water ? 
  you do realise the uk spends way less than private based systems like france 's ? 
  she 's also backing trump . 
  looks like she really is going to go into the election from the hard right angle . 
  i thought she 'd learn a thing or two from hofer , but nope . 
  i suppose she does n't want to actually win , but how can she expect fn to get many seats in parliament with two round voting if they approach the election with a far-right plan ? 
  of course a referendum is not far-right , even if france is not the uk . 
  but pushing for secession along with all her other comments means she surely is not planning on winning over 50 % + 1 of the electorate . 
  sure , but we never got state aid rules removed from european laws or treaties . 
  the context was in those who wanted to maintain support for repressive regimes .
