  i mean it 's an exit poll , not a rumour !, 
  i did n't get any sense of fear here either . 
  i predicted 28 . 
  well done to rutte i guess . 
  we are n't neutral though . 
  what was wrong with allowing the obama admin to use shannon ? 
  in all fairness we hardly contributed any troops to afghanistan over the years . 
  nb :d, 
  croatia is already defacto in the eea obviously . 
  it 's just a weird little thing . 
  do n't visit / r/altright, 
  you 're misreading the graph , read it again . 
  it 's difference from 2010 . 
  yes , your graph pretty much says that . 
  it had the highest average deficit , look at the legend . 
   most of the borders within europe make no sense but they work well now and there 's no reason for upheaval . 
  subsidiarity is a great principle . 
  for example as much as i 'd like abortion to be legal here , a european decision on that is not the way to do it for all sorts of reasons . 
  in all fairness greece chose to run the west 's highest deficits for three decades . 
  the times has editorial independence . 
  you mean we 'd actually fund refugee/idp provision and be willing to intervene diplomatically and militarily ? 
  since renzi has gone i 've felt we 've lost all initiative again . 
  a lot of siege warfare still going on and no evidence of a political solution . 
  unless there 's a mechanism to end government oppression the refugee flows ca n't reverse . 
  we all know how many people have been tortured and disappeared in the prisons , obviously medical professionals who worked in opposition areas are a target , an awful lot of the refugees fled conscription etc. 
  ... but unnecessary . 
  how on earth could we justify that ? 
  these people have to have asylum claims processed if they make it to the border . 
  we can prevent that by getting turkey to look after them and stop them reaching our borders . 
  eh i 've no reason to believe we wo n't give them the visa deal if they fulfill the criteria . 
  the problem is turkey has 3 million syrians worth of leverage . 
  the 28 member states ' national governments ? 
  so you want a federation rather than a confederation ? 
  you think europeans are less objective than americans . . ? 
  what does some pussy grabbing prove ? 
  this fan fiction is odd . 
  you know we 've had an fta with peru for over three years right ? 
  and muh coal . 
  lmao . 
   i 'm glad to appropriate this key aspect of slav culture . 
  reported . 
  on a very windy day like . 
  yeah . 
  all we have to do to solve these problems is simply raise taxes and spend money , and tell the bus strikers they 'll be automated in a few years if they do n't cop the fuck on . 
  bulgaria does n't have such easy options . 
  they do n't have the same scope for tax rises when wages are so low . 
  indeed . 
  any examples of politicians in power that are similar ? 
  well she had painted herself as less extreme for a while . 
  but this praising trump thing etc blows that out of the water . 
  that was always a marriage of convenience , given the ussr 's belligerence that was hardly surprising . 
  indeed . 
  but he was n't belligerent against allies . 
  so trump at the very least equals him on those things while he completely one ups him in the ally front . 
  yes ? 
  how does that make him more extreme ? 
  wo n't they have enough with the tuv 's seat though ? 
  this is hardly unique to germany is it ? 
  no one as extreme has trump has been freely elected as a national leader in the west since wwii . 
  add in the way he 's basically a follower who ended up acting as a leader and is hopelessly incompetent , the whole situation is a mix of worrying and bizarre . 
  it 's more that trump is anti-europe . 
  we do n't have a `` no duterte '' sign as he does n't oppose europe . 
  i do n't know why but this creeps me the fuck out . 
  after we spend massive money subsidising them . 
  people need to stop pretending this wo n't be extraordinarily expensive for us . 
  ideally we 'd fire the excess public servants , keep ni 's less generous welfare system , then hope the unemployment there stimulates industries looking for cheap labour . 
  the sprint/onewebb announcements were already part of the preexisting softbank plan for example . 
   notably , we are seeing a huge amount of japanese investment being announced at the same time . 
  well yeah , rebranding previously existing deals is an easy way to impress the fox news watching twat . 
  ah , right . 
  well expenditures would exceed revenues for a few years until they were tapered off . 
  i suppose the worry for you would be that while the spending might decrease , the taxes may remain after the stimulus spending ends . 
  how do you mean ? 
  countries would still have to carry out structural adjustments as they would be running deficits themselves . 
  so you do n't think it would be worth ensuring the european economy is working at full capacity ? 
  it would probably cost ireland more per capita depending on the the basket of taxation . 
  if you had say a 5 % levy on income over 100k , a 5 % corporate tax levy on profits , and a carbon tax of $ 30 per tonne of co2 , would more revenue per capita come from germans or the irish ? 
  that money would be spent on say , a refundable tax credit , an expansion of structural funding ( targeted across the union , not just in disadvantaged areas ) , funding for military investment and so on . 
  would ireland benefit more than germany ? 
  anyway , the point of this is that we 'd all benefit due to using spare capacity instead of squandering it . 
  some countries would just benefit more than others . 
  i do not mind only being $ 10 better off a month even if spaniards would benefiting 10x more . 
  why are people downvoting you ? 
  macron is the best option imo but that does n't mean the world does n't have to do something about growing inequality . 
  why does n't it matter ? 
  it explains his lack of public support , seeing as he had less than the opposition in the election , then failed to make any attempt to reach out to the majority . 
  that 's why the solution should have involved a temporary european taxation system so europe could run a deficit as a whole to be paid back over two decades . 
  europe 's creditworthiness would not have been in question if we acted as one . 
  why do n't we understand it ? 
  do you know what senile means ? 
  flynn was the pro-russian voice in his ear . 
  bannon obviously seeks an alliance with russia , but that 's not his priority . 
  either way he 's lost about 50 % of the pro-russian messages in his ear since flynn was forced out . 
  they can pry urinals from my cold , pissed soaked hands . 
  they could achieve that by forming alliances with neighbouring countries . 
  only vietnam is particularly hostile in the region , and that 's not vietnam 's fault . 
  russia wants a collapse in the global order . 
  the global order is everything to china , even if they are aggressive in the scs . 
  that 's what i 'm hoping for tbh . 
  was anyone actually that worried about the socialists ( pes like , not actual socialists ) being propped up by the commies ?
