   i do wonder how many of you are willing to personally be a part of this if it escalated and professional armies were not enough . 
  sadly i ca n't see too many people willing to send our forces to stick to our obligations to ukraine , nevermind conscription and such . 
  every country in europe that is either eu or nato member , from ireland to turkey , needs to stand behind ukraine , and we need to be prepared to defend it if necessary . 
  press for talks first , but move forces too . 
  we can hardly compare this to stalinist ussr , let 's avoid hyperbole here . 
  it 's terrible nonetheless , and demonstrates that authoritarianism is strong as ever post-sochi , but still . 
  you know , for all russia 's faults , they still manage to create less of a per capita mess than those lads . 
  stalin did a pretty good job at shutting the borders too . 
  wow , i hope people do n't believe this . 
  it 's a cocktail of racism and xenophobia, 
  what 's your point ? 
  ethnicity has nothing to do with it . 
  well , the famine was more about the negligence of the oligarchies controlling parliament . 
  libertarianism in action , ca n't be distorting the free market . 
  / r/bitcoin would have loved 1840s ireland . 
  exactly , to represent the states . 
  it is a federation after all . 
  ideally however , the us senate should become like the the german one . 
  not , the us senate is elected by the people . 
  it should instead recognise the states . 
  the council already does this to an extent . 
  what ?!, 
  do n't be preposterous . 
  why would we ever do that ? 
  to be fair to yanukovych , he negotiated , unlike assad , avoiding such a bloodbath as we have seen in syria . 
  mayhaps he could n't trust those around him to oppress sufficiently , but i prefer to believed that he 's not fundamentally someone who will kill 10s of thousands to hold on to power , like bashir . 
  but seriously , mental health is a far greater issue . 
  sadly it 's barely visible . 
  well yes , one has to . 
  the implications of such a move must be considered . 
  young people in ireland exercise a lot , yet they still have a higher tendancy to be overweight . 
  regular exercise , and diet is more important than weight anyway . 
  that 's more the fault of people being unemphatic dickheads though , maybe we should try and address that with regards to the topic of public health . 
  i suppose some people ca n't recall the 90s ... 
  i think no one describes ni as under * foreign occupation * these days bar unhinged terrorists . 
  probably the far right would have shot more police , and things would have ended even worse . 
  not even the swedes . 
  if i recall correctly , one of the iraqi kurdistan 's government 's boasts was that not a single coalition soldier was killed there . 
  they 've been working on their reputation for quite a while . 
  neutrality means not being in an alliance . 
  besides , no eu country is neutral in reality , nato member or not . 
  yeah , more authoritarianism and nationalism is exactly what europe needs . 
  yes , orb\u00e1ns and erdo\u011fans for all !, 
  please go away . 
  perhaps it 's time then that countries like ireland look at rotating troops in . 
  i think comparing lenin to hitler is extremely harsh , the red terror killed what , 50,000 people ? 
  and that 's in a huge country . 
  similar to the reign of terror in france , and far less than the cromwellian invasion of ireland . 
  god no !, 
  the difference is , the president of ukraine did n't go full assad - he signed an agreement , with the opposition , russia and europe . 
  why should we all not respect this agreement ? 
  i think you might be misunderstanding what i 'm saying . 
  obviously if the president refused to negotiate like assad or your romanian example , armed revolution would be understandable . 
  but he did negotiate . 
  and the terms are fair . 
   coupled with a clear road map for political change i could imagine financial help coming from the eu . 
  if the public so strongly dislike sending money to greece , one of our own , i 'm not sure it 's likely they would accept sending money to a country like ukraine . 
  because subsidising prices is bad policy generally , certainly in this case . 
  it would make far more sense to give supplements to the poor and elderly for fuel , but that would n't benefit the oligarchy . 
   they have no reason to comply . 
  yes they do . 
  the greater good . 
  their friends , their families , the people of the country . 
  they should stick to the agreement . 
  parliament is free to do as it wishes , my point is those in kiev should not start trying to overthrow the government , as such actions would only catalyse further violence and societal damage . 
  but they should comply . 
  situations like this breed extremism , whenever people die positions harden , usually for the worse . 
  both sides need to stick this agreement . 
  except for the fact that these countries are developing , and aid is reducing in many instances . 
  oh wow , andalusia gets a lot less than i thought . 
  oh well , so much for me prejudices ... 
  i hate how people keep confusing the anti-communist forces there with the taliban . 
  the taliban were a bunch of pakistani backed stooges , this is lost of people in their wilful ignorance . 
  if you recall when we intervened it was the northern alliance forces we fought together with , against the taliban . 
  maybe if we had n't completely forgotten about the place once the communist threat subsided we would n't have ended up having to invade . 
  yeah , i sometimes wonder how many of these people would have us living at village level after they start getting fed up with the next tier of government below the european level . 
  we ca n't live with 200 independent states acting like gas molecules anymore , we need to become more like a liquid . 
  that wo n't happen for a long time , but anyway , we can at least try here . 
  remember the / r/worldnews reaction to intervention in syria ? 
  such a bunch of hypocrites . 
  well , ukraine is n't going to join the eu anytime soon . 
  it 's more about them officially joining our sphere of influence . 
  really quite imperialistic in many fashions , but still , we would be better for them in the long run . 
  well , power projection can be used to prevent wars , and quickly stop warring parties . 
  libya was a good example , a civil war that could have lasted years was ended much more quickly . 
  i could mention the amritsar massacre too if you 'd like . 
  just because it 's to the neck does n't mean it 's to the throat , my god . 
  fortunately it looks like she 'll pull through . 
  well , remember bloody sunday ? 
  and that was by a more professional , trustworthy force . 
  in egypt the military mowed down hundreds of unarmed protesters after the coup . 
  one shot is all it takes for others to start shooting . 
  wow , that really is terrible . 
  that surely should not be allowed . 
  it 's a bit sad how none of the comments relate to what they video is for - aid to syria - but are instead a circlejerk on how great norwegians are . 
  what do you think ? 
  austria is a country where the far right were the largest party in government , lest we forget . 
  i would reckon most european countries are as bad though on this front . 
  people are so intolerant . 
   we do n't invade them because we do n't have a pertinent reason to .
