  things will change a lot . 
  it certainly is n't in the centre of the middle east anyway . 
  we already have cyprus which has it 's relationships with israel and such . 
  georgia and armenia are as close to the middle east as azerbaijan really . 
  hopefully it will become possible , but i agree . 
  that said , people would have felt the same way about poland , for example , when it was under a dictatorship . 
  the union currently has a lot of problems managing itself , so changes have to be made on that front . 
  in the medium term , keep focusing on the countries we have been , macedonia , turkey , montenegro , serbia and also bosnia , albania and kosovo . 
  once that 's solidified , ukraine , georgia , armenia would be worth looking at , and hopefully belarus and azerbaijan will be out of a dictatorship then . 
  towards the 2050s , russia could become an option , and hopefully it would be reasonably possible . 
  morocco and algeria could use the partially european argument , however i feel their best bet would be based on being colonised by europeans . 
  not sure either would be too keen , however perhaps tunisia would be viable . 
  cape verde has expressed vague ambitions of joining , however it is poor ( although richer than moldova ) . 
  russia , but not turkey ? 
  i ca n't see us letting russia and belarus in but not turkey . 
  that would be madness , on economic , geopolitical , and social fronts . 
  all you can do is grin and bear it jules , sadly . 
  perhaps it 's due to my reduced intelligence , as my ancestors did n't get enough glorious english parentage . 
  no , i meant a racist , xenophobic bollocks , by one of his set . 
  i would rather be ruled by democratically elected people who shared my values ( liberal , general ` european ' values ) , and were competent , than his type , is my point . 
  his being white gives him no privilege over his fellow citizens of the uk , and eu . 
  heil greenwich, 
  now now , we all learned our lesson about master races . 
  i remember seeing a show on the rise of plastic surgery in brazil on channel 4 . 
  it was rather sad seeing perfectly fine women wasting weeks of income on superficial changes ( tummy tucks , more caucasiany noses , etc ) . 
  interesting how the surgeons would do work cheaply for the lower earners too , nice in a way , but weird in another . 
  perhaps jon snow or krishnan guru-murthy are superior to me , but when you average things out i 'd imagine the average irish person and english person are equal more or less . 
  dammit guys , my intentions of nationalising bosch and \u0160koda have been found out . 
  my ruse of suggesting gradual changes and a centrist , market based course has been uncovered as a lie , a plot , a deception !, 
  i am here to steal your grain and communalise your milk parlour !, 
  so because hungarian as a language and culture ( to an extent ) , is not as ` native ' to europe as others , it is less superior , and flyingorange is less intelligent ? 
   cultural marxist stormfront member detected . 
  do you think it will be in the way brazil is ? 
  perhaps if more external immigration becomes necessary , but birth rates seem to be rebounding . 
  either way , europe is pretty ethnically mixed . 
  mongol invaders , turkic invaders , and people from one side of the continent raping and pillaging in another . 
  it may not always be visible but we are rather mixed . 
  it 's only in the last few decades we have seen more visible changes i guess . 
  by what definition ? 
  i walk down any street and i see plenty of caucasian men . 
  are women going to become self replicating ? 
  the fact is , men make up half of earth 's population , and caucasians , depending on ones definition , make up less than a quarter of that . 
  big deal . 
  anyway , anyone willing to look through your post history will see you are just one of these ` omg white genocide ' types . 
  i 'd certainly rather be ruled by a black jewish woman married to an east asian muslim man than one of your set , as a european . 
  edit : jesus , who upvotes this stuff ? 
  i 'd understand if it was a race-baiting thread or something , but this is a normal one . 
  where is this subreddit going ? 
  i guess all these people had blind will , and vaguely justifiable goals . 
  terrorists nonetheless . 
  there is nothing wrong with the map . 
  you are questioning the use of the data , i personally think it is useful and interesting . 
   colorful no place in the uk for that alright . 
  i think it may have been the age for the papal states actually , but i am hardly informed on the subject . 
  they just never bothered to change the law , as without ruling over tens of thousands of families and people it 's probably irrelevant . 
  there were a few pictures there that gave me hope . 
  but overall , those pictures make me despair . 
  a whole society seems to have been destroyed . 
  it 's a shame we are n't spending way more on infrastructure in the middle of a recession . 
  some countries did things earlier on ( the uk in '09 for example brought forward many projects ) , but that is gone now , and capital budgets are being destroyed . 
  i 'd love to see a european level stimulus seeing as how we are going to be stuck in this mire for years otherwise . 
  smart electricity grids , fix bridges , replace fossil fuel power stations with nuclear and renewables , upgrade dams , upgrade rail lines , new metro lines , new tramways . 
  fuck it , do what madrid did and put motorways underground . 
  spend more on space research etc. 
  design three submarine types and build dozens of each , instead of nine types and three of each . 
  we need counter-cyclical measures , not cutting our future . 
  the issue is that this is only realistic at an eu level , with european level borrowing . 
  sigh . 
  that 's sad . 
  hopefully change in laws and the way the state acts can be encouraged by the eu , and thus a change in mindsets can come about . 
  these attitudes are everywhere sadly , just in some areas they are evidently more concentrated . 
   my point was that islam always gets protected by `` liberals '' while christianity is the devil . 
  hmmm , i 'm not too sure about this at all . 
  depends on your definition of liberals though . 
  as far as i can tell liberals in politics give both equalish treatment . 
  on reddit , people seem to hate on both , however the increased hate on islam by certain sections does in turn provoke a reaction . 
  the hate on islam is more akin to the anti-semitism of old too , of course . 
  almost more ethnic based than religious based , which is extremely troubling giving the rise of the far-right in europe . 
   buddhism is that one religion that one can truly call peaceful . 
  ah haha , this is what i 'm getting at . 
  tell that to the rohinga , or tamils . 
  it 's far too easy for people to stir up islamaphobia here , i agree . 
  but it is easy for people to hate on christianity too . 
  mind you people seem to love buddhism , probably due to the closest buddhist majority state being in russia , they ca n't see that any religion can basically be used to justify anything . 
  hating on religion is ` cool ' or whatever . 
  religion generally has a negative influence , but i 'd rather people ( on reddit at least , where irreligiousness is prevalent ) moaned about climate change or something . 
  one ca n't just single people out because of their religion . 
  ` normal ' ? 
  have you stayed in your town your whole life ? 
  yes , that 's how i see it . 
  i do n't have a problem with flemish identity or whatever , but people should be a bit more sensible mayhaps . 
  i 've seen this before , but seeing it again makes me sad . 
  we need a purpose once more . 
  a few years back we came across this flemish couple , everytime we referred to them as belgian they got angry and said they were from flanders and flemish . 
  but sure a bit of controversy is good fun . 
  i 'd imagine the bigger the city , the easier it is . 
  istanbul is europe 's 3rd largest city , there is the critical mass , but go to a city there the size of nicosia and you 'd probably find a similar situation . 
  well ireland is still a staunchly religious country ( sure it 's declining , but look at the statistics . 
  i think some irish redditors do n't realise how irreligious some other parts of europe are ) . 
  since joining the eu ( eec ) things have come a long way though .
