  what sort of na\u00efvety is this ? 
  frankly it 's insulting to all the balts who call ireland home . 
   also being a neutral state means it 's pretty hard for any other state to sell a war of aggression against us . 
  `` neutral '' . 
  and it 's pretty easy . 
  we 're a western state . 
  russia and islamists would have little problem justifying threats to us given our hedonistic , secular , homosex westernism ... 
   to put it frankly irish people are embarrassed of any diaspora i wish more irish people would be embarrassed of our petty small mindedness , like our hypocrisy of expecting us and british troops to defend us yet refusing to contribute to europe 's common defence . 
  yeah , what a pathetic , uniformed , piece of cognitive dissonance on ops part . 
  sadly not an uncommon opinion in ireland . 
  there 'd probably be a percentage of the population cheering argentina on if they tried to annex the falklands again . 
  of course , that 's why the pro-russian party managed to avoid getting a double digit share of the crimean vote , right ? 
  exactly . 
  putin can act unilaterally whereas obama , and particular european leaders have unwieldy legislatures to deal with . 
  i mean the eu has pseudo fifth columns in the form of hungary and perhaps cyprus , greece and italy . 
  of course , a decade ago there were british army watchtowers ( and for good reason ) , even though the border was never fortified or anything , it 's nice how things have improved . 
  we 're obliged to help , but in non-military means . 
  i really wish politicians would spend a gram of political capital and explain that we have n't been neutral since wwii in reality , we 've been pro-west since before the soviets allowed us into the un , and we 're part of the eu . 
  the charade is pathetic and only serves to justify our lack of defence spending . 
  and no , being neighbours with britain certainly did n't work out well in the 17th century when cromwell decided to holiday here !, 
  iceland chose to join nato . 
  we should have some maturity and do the same , instead of giving someone else the responsibility without even asking . 
  if we want to have nato jets protect us from russian nuclear bombers , we should host a nato base . 
  it 's give and take . 
  sadly this is the one way attitude of far too many irish people . 
  wanting a free lunch without even so much as a token thank you . 
  we 're not neutral as we 're in the eu , and the idea of non-allignment is bullshit given the fact we all admit we rely on being in the british isles for our defence . 
  we have this national myth regarding our independence yet we 've never wanted to actually bother protecting ourselves properly . 
  we have a responsibility to ourselves and our fellow europeans to contribute our fair share to the union 's defence . 
  solidarity sadly is lacking in that regard in ireland . 
  personally i would never vote to stand idly by while the baltics are attacked by russia . 
  yeah , commissioners should be rebranded likewise , and heads of ministries should all come from parliament . 
  pretty much . 
  i hate such long winded sarcasm . 
   ukraine was doing fine until putin and his cronies came in and destroyed the growing economy . 
  i assume you 're joking . 
  ukraine never recovered from the financial crash , and it had n't really recovered it 's pre-independence gdp by then . 
  only the resource rich states of the soviet 12 have done anywhere near well economically . 
  i agree that they deserve help though , the best help we could give would be stopping the invasion . 
  things would be so much easier if we could just call junker the pm , which is what his role actually is . 
  yeah , this is the least sophisticated strain of biotruths from a well known racist and antisemite . 
  brevik was a big putin fan . 
  as for the far left , well , some of them support the taliban against isaf and the afgan govt , these guys will oppose anything western . 
  because a state like kosovo will have a lower amount of hours worked per capita , thus the divisor is lower . 
  well that 's going to make countries with low employment look better , but kosovo really is n't better off than serbia or whatever . 
  let 's allow them to leave europe and kill innocents for no good reason ? 
  this is our responsibility at a societal level . 
  of course , there is also massive personal responsibility and the responsibility of the muslim community , but that does n't negate our duty of protecting others from our citizens . 
  european democracy is once more subverted by national governments more like ; petty national interests sabotaging the greater good . 
  it 's just like with the euro crisis - instead of fiscal transfers we simply have mass ecb secondary bond purchases , due to national governments making decisions instead of european government . 
  confederalism ruins the day once more . 
  exactly . 
  in the future the likes of germany ( or indeed my own country ) will no longer be able to turn a blind eye to crises and think they 'll get away with it scot free . 
  the refugee crisis finally pushed european countries to take some action on syria , albeit very limited - beforehand only the uk and france showed much interest . 
   the european commission seems to be determined to stick to a policy that is not supported by its population . 
  have n't opinion polls shown support for the proposal ? 
  anyway , this is a democracy . 
  the v4 governments represent 65m people or so . 
  if they do n't want to abide by the democratic , constitutionally sound decisions of the european council and/or parliament , they should push to secede from the union . 
  not really how mankind works . 
  we 're a cooperative species . 
  `` fuck you , i got mine '' , tends not to work very well , look at the us . 
  how ? 
  did we give assad a bunch of weapons and tell him that instead of reforming one of the world 's most totalitarian states in response to protests , he should take the harshest route possible ? 
  it 's not like we want such problems . 
  there was an attempt to end syria 's pariah status in the 2000s for good reason . 
  not our fault the ba'athists are murderous thugs . 
  turkey is hosting 3 million refugees . 
  during the largest refugee crisis since wwii , europe was doing little to help . 
  how do you think the average turkish citizen felt about that , considering they are hosting twice as much refugees as europe with an economy the size of nl 's ? 
  we made an agreement with them . 
  that agreement requires taking in some 75,000 refugees a year . 
  given that the main source of refugees is syria , which is so close to us , it sounds like europe is getting off very easy . 
  if you do n't want the eu to have to take an inkling of responsibility for what goes on its neighbourhood , you 're dreaming . 
  if you do n't want to be part of that , push to secede . 
  i largely agree with you but gadaffi destabilised libya , not us . 
  was it particularly left wing ? 
  it was largely pretty centrist . 
  well , foreign policy is within the gift of the member states . 
  as i said yesterday , perhaps if we had taken more of an interest in the syrian situation , turkey would n't be hosting three million refugees for whom it has no work and limited resources . 
  the eu-turkey deal is not a bad one . 
  it 's reasonable . 
  if we did n't want to have to give turkey something you are right , european foreign policy should n't have been so impotent . 
  but that 's an issue with individual member states . 
  well perhaps more eu states should have taken an interest in what was going on in the eastern mediterranean a few years earlier . 
  ca n't blame turkey for allowing refugees they have no jobs and little money for move to the eu , can you ? 
  the eu-turkey deal makes sense , as little as we trust erdo\u01e7an . 
  this sounds like a perfect european compromise . 
  it 's a very sparse net , hence the millions falling through without health cover , medical bankruptcies for the insured , unequal school funding , section 8 covering hardly anyone leading to ghettoisation as only the most desperate receive it , so on . 
  i usually appreciate you pointing out people 's excessive reactions , but this thread was doing okay , no need to go too far , 
  i think freight rail is more important in the us partially due to lack of waterway/sea access - even switzerland has a cargo port . 
  but i would agree , in order to reduce carbon emissions this is something we need to focus on . 
  instead of upgrading old lines we should be building more separate high speed lines for passenger travel , freeing up more capacity for freight on older railways . 
  a proper carbon tax would make rail more attractive for freight too . 
  how do you guys feel about politico.eu ? 
  i was going to complain about this but the reasons given are actually quite fair . 
  i also learned that pm fico was hospitalised and had a double bypass , which is surprising as i thought he was about 50 thus relatively young and spritely , cabg is quite extreme these days . 
  meh , why not ? 
  plus they have lots of delicious tax money for us , which we could use to fund caribbean states . 
  we 're not moving brussels to be any closer to them though .
