  it 's a commemoration . 
  and i bloody well hope the irish government does something to commemorate that damned war as well . 
  that 's because the ecb and members of the eurozone forced us to what we did . 
  germany has walked away from it though . 
  the people of spain and ireland trusted the rest of the eurozone to come through on this . 
  yet the finance ministers of germany , finland and the netherlands have decided to try and fuck us over , without regard to the consequences . 
  i 'm totally fed up of national governments making all these decisions , although i realise they have to have a say the way things are . 
  well , the akp are basically an islamic version of the stereotypical christian democracy party in europe . 
  at the moment cyprus and kurdistan seem like far greater issues than religion . 
  i know it is n't mentioned in the article , but odd as it sounds , i kind of want ireland to continue with austerity . 
  we are a long way from a balanced budget , or even from having a small structural deficit . 
  obviously taxation and spending has a direct effect on the economy , but i think we would want to have another tough budget in september . 
  the bigger issue is that this excess food is being fished in the first place , in the context of consistent overfishing . 
  looks like merkel was uncomfortable with a primarily civil company merging with a military one . 
  imo , the merger would have been good . 
  r&d would be pooled , and production could be made more efficient . 
  this is so backward . 
  well welcome to the anti-women club if this gets passed , poland , together with ireland , northern ireland , and malta . 
  its a shitty club . 
  the parliament is disproportional enough as is . 
  you want malta and germany to both have 10 meps ? 
  that is utterly ridiculous . 
  well i think if it was a pan-eu thing there would be less scope for capital flight , but then again , i am no economist . 
  i certainly support something like this , but is a transaction tax the right way to go about it ? 
  i can understand why nl , the uk , and luxembourg disapprove , but why sweden ? 
  also , why are estonia , cyprus and slovenia undecided ? 
  i can understand why ireland is , but personally i feel if we get a lot of our banking debt mutualised then we will be absolute cunts to still try to protect our vulture-like financial sector . 
  ( sorry for all the questions folks ) edit : ok , most of my questions are answered on wikipedia ; [ eu financial transaction tax ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_financial_transaction_tax ) after informing myself , i support this measure . 
  however i would rather see the revenue go straight to the european coffers and thus reduce national contributions , but anyway . 
   the red cross is to make its first ever public appeal in spain to help those affected by the economic crisis . 
   it will ask spanish people to donate money to help 300,000 of the most vulnerable people . 
  this really should not be happening in a wealthy european country in 2012 . 
  why does the uk government have more legitimacy to legislate than the people of say , london or wales ? 
  because it makes sense , and it works out for everyone . 
  the migration of people to find work in the uk from eastern europe was largely made up of decently skilled workers who filled positions while the uk had near full employment . 
  if they do n't find a job , being european , its not too difficult to return home . 
  likewise its not extremely difficult to stay and integrate . 
  its imperative for europe 's economy that we have free movement of peoples . 
  it is necessary for a truly single market . 
  well , i would not really like to see scotland continue to receive the opt-outs the uk negotiated , and the rebate . 
  bar schengen , obviously , but including things like the euro . 
  if they managed to hold on to these things , thats ok - its just i dont really like this two-tiered europe in the first place . 
  i agree . 
  there obviously is an imperative that informed criticism of immigration , other cultures etc takes place ... but what goes on in / r/europe is often quite repulsive . 
  you will regularly hear of other redditors being aghast at how bigoted the place is , and how they avoid it . 
  it really is a shame , there are so much interesting opinions and discussions here , but really , it feels like every second thread is hijacked by bigots . 
  ironic then that so many here give out about the english , and america . 
  anyway , this is a big issue . 
  perhaps the situation is not as bad as the op outlines , but * it is bad * . 
  lousy on iceland, 
  never , the dear leader would never let his subjects see this land of imperialist corruption . 
   in most cases elsewhere , self-determination encourages responsibility . 
  in sicily , the effect has been the opposite . 
  the island 's residents pay the bulk of their taxes to the central government in rome , which then funnels money back to the region to spend . 
  `` the citizen has the perception that what was taken was taken by rome , '' says francesco piro , who served as the region 's budget minister in the 1990s . 
  `` but what gets given is given by the region . '' i think this illustrates the importance of regional/state governments directly taxing and spending in their own area of authority . 
  subsidies to or from the region/state should be done after that , based on gdp . 
  this means that voters have a far greater stake in ensuring their regional/state government is well run . 
  not saying it would solve all , or even most of sicily \u00b4 s problems , but i think it would help in the long term . 
  so its ok to discriminate based on age but not gender with regards to insurance ? 
  then again , this decision hugely benefits me ... and i certainly would not be the type to drive unsafely . 
  well , i guess doing it on st. peter 's has been an effective way of garnering publicity . 
   budget commissioner janusz lewandowski is due to ask member states for `` several billion '' extra in the coming weeks to plug a deficit lamassoure estimated at 10 billion euros . 
  did i read that correctly ? 
  10 billion euro ? 
  that is almost 10 % of the budget . 
  what the hell ? 
   among the key aims are :   * making online payments more efficient , the commission says that 35 % of internet users do not buy online because they have doubts over payment methods  * opening up domestic rail passenger services to operators from other member states  * speeding up the opening up of eu airspace so it operates as a single entity - something the commission says could save air travellers 5bn euros ( $ 6.5 bn , # 4bn ) a year   * opening up energy markets so the 500 million citizens of the eu can chose their power supply from across the whole eu region - something the commission says could collectively save 13bn euros if all citizens switched to the cheapest tariff these things . 
  implement asap please . 
   also , the goals of the democrats are in many ways quite left wing . 
  they want health care for all americans . 
  they want to increase income equality , and they aim to achieve this re-distribution via gradated income taxation and government spending . 
  they oppose bigotry , including against homosexuals . 
  so does angela merkel , and most of the europeam center-right . 
  right wing has been redefined in the us in comparison to the rest of the democratic industrialised world . 
  not just in comparison to europe . 
  its amazing how successful the republicans have been in moving the political spectrum so far to the right . 
  in europe left wing parties simply became center left/centrist , but in the us the republicans just moved the political spectrum . 
  that does not mean that democratic policies are not to the right of center , center right , whatever . 
  they certainly are not left wing outside of some social issues , anyway . 
  most americans support right wing policies . 
  very few americans are neo-nazis like golden dawn . 
  context goddamit . 
  to be fair , monti has the support of the democratically elected parliament . 
  there are elections in six months , and the electorate will know that monti may continue as prime minister if there is a hung parliament . 
  sure , it 's not perfectly democratic - but representative democracy never is . 
  ireland - the iron islands but without the decent sized navy . 
  because many catholics were not `` ethnic irish '' , and many protestants were not `` ethnic scottish '' or `` ethnic english '' . 
  and there were protestant nationalists and catholic unionists . 
  no that 's not the case at all regarding the flag anyway . 
  the idea of ireland saving civilisation is a bit hyperbolic . 
  helped keep european civilisation going i guess , but there is more to the world than europe . 
  that prospect scares me . 
  still , we export more to the rest of the eu than britain , and depend on being an integral member for foreign direct investment . 
  lol , i wish we had dedicated buttons for characters we do n't use !, 
  although , then just a load of 12 year olds would use them on facebook ... 
  and of course , being part of the european union has benefits that certainly exceed 0.53 % of gdp , 
  meanwhile , in germany they are closing nuclear plants and opening coal ones , the opposite of what finland is doing . 
  good on you , finns . 
  northern ireland has done great of recent years !,
