  get out of here with your `` facts '' and `` statistics '' , what do you think this is , a place for logical discussion ? 
  if i recall correctly poland democratically agreed to these rules . 
  the whole point of them is to prevent authoritarianism and/or tyranny of the majority - we have constitutions for a reason . 
  look , as an irish person i would love if abortion rights were forced on us , but ultimately these are national issues , for better or worse . 
  that 's a low bar for being an asshole now in all fairness , reducing the impact of climate change ? 
  exactly . 
  this would be a huge waste of resources for no good reason , may as well pay thousands of people to dig holes then fill them back in . 
  that 's exactly what it means !, 
  i do n't know why you think i believe otherwise - as you say , no one is trying to suspend germany 's voting rights due to only having civil partnership and not gay marriage . 
  this is an issue of governance . 
  because we punish the uk every day , right ? 
  the issue is n't having a eurosceptic government , do n't pretend to be so na\u00efve . 
  so we should n't enforce core rules ? 
  ah yes , the epp and alde , those great leftists . 
  when you acceded to the eu you pooled some of your sovereignty . 
  the rest of us oversee your governance . 
  the fact that a small state like hungary could prevent any action is ridiculous . 
  if you do n't want to be penalised for weakening the foundations of european democracy , go through the secession process , it 'll give you two years to leave . 
  the eu is a liberal democracy , we ca n't have member states acting otherwise . 
  if you want that to change push for the european conditional format to be changed . 
  comparisons to the soviets should show how ill informed you must be . 
  if only . 
  look at their post history . 
  probably a kid who just discovered 4chan , then reddit . 
  if the revenues were collected centrally then the european parliament should suffice , surely ? 
  are they really the problem here though ? 
  why would the wages and taxes be the same everywhere . . ? 
  hopefully wages in the worse off states will improve , but that 'll take decades . 
  yeah , looking at the statistics i do n't think germany needs to worry about paper muslims . 
  certainly does n't have the issues of the uk or whatever , and the discourse seems quite different ( whereas in the uk you have labour pandering and failing to act ) . 
   the day after tomorrow , but with more mosques . 
  a sequel where the refugees from a frozen europe flee to mena ? 
  now this i 'd pay to see . 
  the point is to not make it easy . 
  crimea and the donbass were pathetically simple to take over for russia . 
  if it was difficult , involving heavy fighting , would russia have done so ? 
  i would 've been of the same opinion , believing it was right to spend so little on its military when there were such vast economic woes . 
  however maybe an extra few billion of spending over the years would 've made a russian invasion more difficult and hence deterred russian intervention . 
  that would 've saved a lot more fiscal resources . 
  who would say anything to you walking through the poorest parts of inner city london though ? 
  let 's not be too dramatic . 
  it is nice though to see as you say , 
  otoh that low density means few people to share oil wealth with - the uk for example had access to a similar amount of oil , but that 's of limited use with 12x as many people . 
  win some , lose some i suppose . 
  well , obviously we want to keep tariffs low . 
  the issue is the weakness of any anti-dumping response , which the uk has been against as that would annoy their buddies in china . 
  that 's actually pretty cool . 
  i 'm pretty sure that there wo n't be sufficient demand in this instance though . 
  people tend towards the status quo though . 
  lisbon may not have been a dramatic change to the constitution of europe , but it still was one . 
  voting no did n't change anything as such . 
  whereas with brexit , you 're voting to secede from a political union you 've probably spent your whole adult life in . 
  they take some out of a fund every year , because they 're not venezuela and understand economics . 
   it is the only aircraft that has reported a bird strike from the rear ( i.e. 
  the bird was going faster than the plane when the impact occoured ! ), 
  this is hilarious . 
  oh yeah , of course . 
  we know that converts are much more prone to extremism than those born into the religion . 
  makes sense when you consider that these will be true believers rather than `` paper muslims '' . 
   but no , because not wanting war is the same as being weak . 
  well if we do n't want war we should deter russia from invading their neighbours as they have a habit of doing . 
  yeah , foreign fighters is a really vague term here . 
  the mention of converts of course implies most are radical jihadis . 
  i 'm surprised the convert numbers are so low ( apart from for france ) . 
  no , they mean as in deploying them in the border states . 
  i think an analysis found the genepool was about 10 % central asian , which would make sense , higher than what you see in greece but otherwise similar enough . 
  we do n't even need a european military for this though . 
  we do n't need a nato military for the us to put these troops in place . 
  no additional powers would be required . 
  well you know i would n't be against that , no need for the smart comment . 
  this is great , but these should be european troops . 
  we ca n't expect the us to do so much in our own continent can we ? 
  i do n't think anyone would accuse me of liking islam . 
  i 'm just pointing out the perspective they must take . 
  look at their post history . 
  this is the alt-right that supports trump and hates islam . 
  i can only assume they dislike modern islam for being too liberal on these matters , holy shit . 
  yes , the netherlands is a member state of the eu , a confederation that is a political union . 
  i do n't get what 's so undemocratic about that . 
  european confederalism tends to be excessively democratic in that it takes supermajorities to make regular decisions . 
  in all fairness i think she dislikes muslims a few orders of magnitudes less than her father * disliked * jews . 
  look you 've constantly acted paranoid like this . 
  change your behaviour and people will change their opinion of you . 
  i would n't have voted on this ( or i would 've voted the blank option ) as i do n't want direct democracy , certainly not at the level of treaties about this sort of thing . 
  we have far more consequential referendums in ireland and they 're a shit show that hardly ever focus on the issues . 
  i could only imagine what would happen if we had a referendum on the eu-sk trade agreement . 
  anyway , a medium sized member states should n't be able to veto a treaty . 
  nl wo n't do that anyway . 
  the emirati governments have already gotten the regional hub slice of the pie however . 
  saudi arabia ca n't compete with that . 
  but certainly decoupling from direct oil revenue is crucial . 
  sure , but we 've known about climate change for 4 decades - that 's where the real historical responsibility comes in to play . 
  in fact we increased emissions , despite not having to , for sheer convenience , unlike india or china which desperately needed to develop . 
  there are non binding agreements . 
  perhaps if the us were carbon spewing dickheads we 'd have stronger binding emissions . 
  does this mean europe , the first continent to completely industrialise , should ignore our weighted historical responsibility ? 
  that 's why we have global climate agreements so all countries limit emissions . 
  of course the biggest historical emitters - such as germany - should be paying a higher cost than say , india . 
  and yes , a carbon tariff would be ideal on countries that do n't have appropriate carbon taxes . 
  yeah , it 's not like we completely failed to regulate our banking sector , or failed to pursue a sensible economic strategy , right ?
