  personally , i feel aid would be less necessary if the poorer countries got less screwed over . 
  but i support aid as it 's better than nothing and can bring about improvements and change . 
   we do n't owe kenya anything yeah , bar the whole colonialism thing and all the repression in the 1950s . 
  italy , for a place that had quite a few colonies , gives quite a pitiful amount of aid for such a rich country . 
  anyway , i digress . 
  if the aid money brings about good things in kenya and mutual benefits to us both i am fine with it . 
  the important thing is that the money is n't lost in corruption or spent badly . 
  let 's face it , if it was the other way around there would be calls for genocide here . 
  the hate for roma is so bad and blind that most people do n't care that 6 innocent people were murdered , in what basically was far-right terrorism . 
  why do you say that ? 
  still far too high , given his attitudes . 
  well , it 's a european excise regime that we need , not necessarily a single tax system . 
  it means that monarchies still exist here , big deal . 
  this baby may not even become monarch , of the uk at least . 
   : rimshot : what is this , 4chan ? 
  a lot more good would be done by spending more on sexual education . 
  i do n't think this idea of barring teens from looking at porn until they are 18 is particularly well thought out or workable . 
  same , guess they are n't sure if it 's a terrorist cell or something ? 
  apparently a lot of english muslims are terrified these last few days , judging by the news . 
  sad stuff . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  they are separate things ... 
  i really would imagine that that statement is a gross exaggeration . 
  well again , these people are the most religious people i know , if there was a christian ramadam i suspect that they would be practising it far more fervently than the muslims i know . 
  it 's all anecdotal either way . 
  but yes in my experience a libyan family will do better than a ( christian ) nigerian one . 
  other 's have differing experiences . 
  anyway , in a few decades , things will probably be fine . 
  there are n't major immigrant ghettos in ireland , we have bigger problems with the lower classes and gypsies . 
  can you read his points ? 
  based on statistics and such ? 
  it 's all horseshit . 
   lucky irish bugger has n't been hit by the tsunami of immigrants yet you know i think i 'm far more qualified to speak about it than tuesias , who as a lithuanian probably does n't deal with muslims or immigrants much . 
  wow , this guy is an idiot . 
  and clearly the upvoters are too . 
  yeah but vaeldr you 're a well known racist . 
  so i 'm sure it 's a proxy for you . 
  apparently the rohinga deserved what is happening to them and are getting payback . 
  it shocks me that / r/worldnews was kept as a default . 
  it 's horrible . 
  tell that to the group of guys given 20 stitches by protestants in northern ireland . 
  stop generalising . 
    are you talking about america and the effect european settlers had on the native population ? 
  it 's not even about immigration really , it 's about vast culture differences . 
   what is perceived as `` vast cultural differences '' . 
  one hundred years ago the anglo-saxon protestants were scared of catholic immigration ( irish , german , italian ) , seing it as incompatible with local democratic culture . 
  if anyone wants a good chuckle , read up on some protestant statements from pre-70s northern ireland regarding catholics . 
  basically described in the same way many hard right wingers describe muslims today . 
  ironically , the people doing the best there these days are catholic women . 
  these people know nothing but fearing others . 
   religion does play a part , but a bosnian or a ( non-kurd ) turkish muslim person , is integrated way easier in a european society , rather than a christian black person from uganda . 
  this is an excellent point . 
  the least integrated people i would know are nigerian christians . 
  the thing is , in places like france the most ` foreign ' immigration was from muslim countries . 
  this allows people to paint groups a single colour . 
  the rest of your post i do n't really agree with that said . 
  although birth rates in certain places certainly need a boost . 
  there is no invasion . 
  stop being ridiculous . 
  ireland received marshall aid too . 
  and this was while the state was basically ostracised for never joining the allies . 
  same for other european countries that were neutral , turkey got some for example . 
  marshall aid promoted economic growth through targeted funding and economic planning , which helped secure a capitalist , pro-us system . 
  in all fairness the eu has it 's sphere too . 
  i 'd like to think we are a lot more benevolent , mind . 
  indeed . 
  perhaps a united arab state would have led to better conditions for all , instead of great disparity . 
  it 's a country that 's economically developed but not socially developed i suppose . 
  i have little time for places that throw away such vast wealth . 
  at least with other mineral resources , they are difficult to continue to extract and take labour and planning . 
  what was the extent of british india army participation in europe ? 
  i know that most french forces under de gaulle for example were actually colonial subjects ( from sub-saharan africa and the maghreb ) , and they did most of the fighting in many areas . 
  well you 're lucky i guess . 
  we all have our vices , my issue with smoking is second hand smoke . 
  i admire you for keeping it under control . 
  yeah i agree with most of this , especially the point on body image ( it seems to me that apparently only thin blonde women are capable of dramatically advocating feminism ) . 
  they are holding the position of women back . 
  their action in tunisia for example was completely ridiculous and just leads to reduced sympathy for the cause of feminism . 
  the nazi comparison turns an otherwise valid statement on your part into an untruth . 
  i agree hungary is going down a dangerous path however , sadly unlike in other places ( bulgaria and turkey ) there have been no substantial protests that i know of . 
  i saw much less smokers in the us . 
  it 's nicer alright . 
  people fool themselves into thinking that in a few years they wo n't be smoking 20 a day i guess . 
  ` social smoking ' is a temporary position in general . 
  neither are a threat in reality . 
  the problem of extremism is all rather depressing . 
  some farm attacks do n't justify a reappearance of ethnic based disenfranchisement . 
  i agree that more attention should be paid , the same for russia which also suffers from crippling crime . 
  perhaps , but in many cases at least vague attempts or even statements are made with the concept of improving the place , even from a colonial perspective . 
  edit : i 'm not defending colonialism , but merely saying that israel 's settlement is pretty shitty compared to a lot of post wwii colonialism . 
  any government can be construed as an organisation anyway . 
  did the federal us government 's imposition of sanctions somehow ruin state and local efforts ? 
  yes , i do n't see what your issue is with taxpayers receiving funds unequally . 
  and go to spain , and you 'll see the good eu funding has done . 
  talk to some older people about their old notions of spain , then see it today . 
  the role of the european government should be to promote prosperity and cooperation . 
  a stimulus could have required minimal treaty change if it was agreed unanimously by the states . 
  also , as an irish person i take great offence to your preconceived notions of what we have done with the funding we have gotten . 
  rivers are now clean , roads in straight lines , and town centres actually look modern and friendly . 
  the reason we are not a net contributor as such is agriculture , it 's a big sector here .
