  haha . 
  appropriate name . 
  if i got one of those bad boys i might want to cut back on the brahmin meat to keep my radiation dosage in check . 
  i have always been ardently in favour for government intervention to protect the environment . 
  but i also realise that we need baseload generation . 
  and lots of it . 
  currently , this is coal , oil , gas , hydro and nuclear . 
  hydro can only be exploited so much and has serious impacts on the local environment . 
  coal , oil and gas are heating this planet rapidly and acidifying our oceans , and poisoning our rain . 
  we can not keep building more generation capacity with these sources . 
  not if we truly wish to stop humanity ruining this planet like nature itself never managed to . 
  build a nuclear plant 100 metres down the road from my house if you wish . 
  just please stop adding fossil fuel burning capacity to europe 's grid . 
  and please greens , focus on your real enemies . 
  edit :  but when appeals were made in spring in the bundestag for at least some of the nuclear sector to be preserved , the green party -- the first such case in world history -- stood firmly for coal . 
  `` we can accept a temporary return to coal as an energy source to protect germany from the environmentally destructive atom . 
  ** after all , we 're all interested in protecting the environment ** , '' the party 's leader , j\u00fcrgen trittin , explained to the parliament . 
  you could n't make this up !, 
  ireland has had hundreds of thousands of other europeans come here in the last decade . 
  plenty of polski skleps and its a rare day that i go into the local suburban village and do n't hear another european language on my way . 
  obviously , it will always be relatively easy to have this kind of multiculturalism . 
  same values , similar history , cultures not too far apart . 
  people believe in liberal democracy , women 's rights , freedom if religion . 
  people from outside the eu are a lot more different culturally of course . 
  if we ghettoise them and have large irregular waves of immigration , we will fail to integrate them . 
  its a bad idea to have 1000 maghrebis living together as they will fail to fully take in european culture . 
  but if you have 20 arabs in a housing estate of 300 , they will integrate fine . 
  i think the same applies to gypsies ( i.e. 
  irish travellers have failed to integrate as when they are settled they are settled with hundreds of other travellers , and they do not take in the values of the rest of society ), 
  how quickly people forget the persecution of jews ... physically attacking people for religious beliefs is dangerous and at odds with our liberal democracy . 
  i 'm hoping these attacks do n't become an ever-growing trend in europe . 
  good to see a positive story in this subreddit . 
  surely though in 2014 she 'll have no issues once restrictions on romanian migration expire ? 
  but how do we get employers to employ more people ? 
  a europe-wide stimulus like the us had would certainly help , but this would only alleviate youth unemployment indirectly largely ( europe already has millions of unemployed construction workers ) . 
  it is a big issue for sure , but what exactly will be the solution ? 
  i 'll agree that our low tax rates help tax evasion which is inherently unfair , but we are far from the only eu state to do this , the dutch themselves are quite accommodating for companies looking to dodge some tax , in fact ireland 's own u2 moved their profits there ( lower rates for artists ) . 
  companies benefit from states , and should repay some of this benefit via corporation tax . 
  i think the employee based corporation tax is an interesting idea . 
  `` conservative '' when referring to republicans is an insult to conservatives everywhere . 
  the people are just destroyers , only conserving their own wealth . 
  at least in europe , one can find logical reasons to vote for conservatives . 
  catalonia always seemed the most efficient , organised region of spain . 
  it feels more like france than spain . 
  probably my favourite place on the continent . 
  anyway , regarding their fiscal deficit , they are transferring something like 9 % of their gdp to other regions which will of course make it hard to close the deficit . 
  the sad thing that i find is that , pretty much anyone whos had an education knows of ireland . 
  sure some people think its still in the uk or speaks irish as a first language - but everyone knows our country . 
  in europe , hundreds of millions do not know of catalonia . 
  its a nation with a rich history and a vibrant , living language . 
  i 'll get slated for this but its more of a nation than ireland will probably ever be . 
  i 'm not sure if i support catalan independence . 
  i usually dont like such drastic measures , but there is a strong case . 
  never thought much of it until we had a catalan genius do a year in my school here in ireland . 
  he seemed so proud of catalonia ... but he did not have much time for spain . 
  military people are always looking for a bit of war . 
  i 'm sure this guy could be made useful in afghanistan or somewhere . 
  haha , germany and `` reich '' , used in the context of european decision making . 
  i see what you did there . 
  how original . 
  sucks to have been albanian . . really sad , i 've seen this before but life truly sucked there . 
  also , go poland !, 
  look at that beautiful curved line of growth :d, 
  this gif is not just interesting , its fascinating . 
  cant stop watching it . 
  amazing how things have changed in just 20 years . 
  this is a decision that probably should have been voted on by parliament in a more ideal democracy , but the commission is an executive separate to parliament . 
  at the very least the commission is accountable to the parliament . 
  anyway , old light bulbs are bad etc. 
  edit : well mamalugo in their reply to me has confirmed that the commission had a specific mandate from parliament to set standards for these sort of products . 
  bit weird seeing an article like this in spiegel . 
  good . 
   for instance , one time i was in brussels waiting for the pedestrian signal to turn green to cross the road , with something like 20 belgians waiting for it too . 
  there were absolutely no cars in the road for as far as the eye can see , so i just crossed it . 
  in ireland jaywalking is a way of life . 
  its perfectly safe : i havent been killed yet . 
  ... lets hope they dont forget the rest of us . 
  to be fair , the chinese cant be as malicious as some of the people involved with bond trading . 
  would someone please tell us what their being part of a dutch government would mean for the rest of europe ? 
  i would hope after all the wage cuts and reforms that the `` crisis-hit countries '' would become more competitive . 
  certainly good to see trade-gaps being closed , at least . 
  to be fair , i wouldnt upvote the mail even if they paid me ... 
  the un can only be as good as its member nations . 
  just because that isnt particularly good doesnt mean that the organisation itself should be disbanded , on the contrary , it has avoided and ended many conflicts saving many lives and billions of euro . 
  its service as a permanent international forum is also very important . 
  regarding the un employees opinion , im not surprised . 
  the us never wanted the un to have any real power , we saw how angry they got over the whole iraq issue in the un . 
  if you talk to your average israeli ( certainly outside tel aviv ) , they seem to think their is a global conspiracy going on against them and all the news reports are untrue and that every palestinian wants to kill them so its ok to use force against them . 
  many insist palestine is theirs by a * god given right * , so it really doesnt matter who lives their , it should be israeli land . 
  the oppresses have basically become the oppressors which is kinda sad ... 
  i mean , far from every israeli feels palestinians are less than them or whatever , but a lot do . 
  they dont respect the fact that these are people who have suffered , and continue to suffer too . 
  their are plenty of reasonable israeli 's . . 
  i mean i have jewish cousins who live there and they are reasonable people - but then again these are the tel aviv people who are sensible , versus a lot of the population who are nuts . 
  i mean look whats happening in jerusalem . 
  if israel wants to take over palestine in its entirety , it can no longer be a jewish state , and they will have to give palestinians the same education , housing , water , healthcare as israeli 's get . 
  israel as a society should think long and hard about this , but frankly , i dont think they will . 
  but certainly the current situation where they are colonising the occupied territories at the expense of palestinians can not continue , and if it does , i want to see europe put sanctions upon israel . 
  well currently the european level government is extremely weak - and national governments have huge amounts of power in it . 
  let me put it this way ; the european government budget amounts to 1.1 % of gdp .
