  people freak out about chernobyl but can they say banqiao ? 
   it still is inherently unsafe much safer than coal . 
  or oil . 
  not really . 
  coal has a much worse greenhouse effect than gas ( or even oil ) . 
  / u/vlxs 's point does n't make much sense in that regard . 
  we absolutely can not use coal for baseload in a decades time . 
  gas , perhaps we can ( bar the russian issue ) . 
  the thing is though , greenhouse gases do n't simply stay in the atmosphere for 365 days , but for decades . 
  closing those nuclear plants earlier has bloated germany 's contribution to the carbon burden , for no good reason . 
   gorgeous ships . 
  and according to many spectators , gorgeous crew !, 
  some poor colombian sailors went to get lunch and were mobbed by girls when i went to see them . 
  the ships really are nice . 
  the mir ( russian ship built in gda\u0144sk ) was pretty impressive . 
  so your solution is to become as bad as the terrorists ? 
  you ca n't just nuke people without good reason . 
  that 's why we use drone strikes where possible instead of carpet bombing . 
  it 's a massive waste of energy for no good reason . 
  people enjoying video games provides value to society . 
  what good is this stuff ? 
  it 's a waste of energy and should be taxed as such until it becomes efficient . 
  how would you feel if you ended up being bombed or locked up without having done anything ? 
   they do n't have to be . 
  they do n't have to be guilty to be locked up . . ? 
   i have no sympathy for those people . 
  but how do you know they 're guilty without trial ? 
  am i a leftist for wanting law and order to be respected . . ? 
   gtmo mhmm . 
  to be honest i 'm confused . 
  how would you feel about one ? 
  am i a leftist for not wanting that ? 
  france actually has a disproportionate amount of converts joining isis iirc . 
  ah yes , we 'll all be wondering what religion those involved in islamic terrorism are ... 
  yet trump supporters still think it 's a good strategy . 
  do n't know how i feel about this change in tack by a few outlets , but it 's certainly better than that . 
   what 's the problem ? 
  it would require money and a more assertive foreign policy . 
  bear in mind europe ignored calls in safe zones in syria for years , because that would be too scary and expensive . 
  look where it got us , the worst refugee crisis since wwii and an emboldened russia . 
  we do n't need immigrants , we have 10 % unemployment . 
  we also do n't need russia invading our neighbours and trying to undermine us . 
  yet our choices meant that what could have been avoided came about . 
  hindsight is great i suppose . 
  i mean i did somewhat support keeping ukraine out of nato to appease russia . 
  2014 was a really big lesson for a lot of us i 'd imagine . 
  it 's politicians ' responsibilities to learn from mistakes , yet instead they repeat them , and the public enables them by supporting the far right and peacenik politicians like steinmeier . 
  many asylum seekers in ireland ( from the likes of pakistan and nigeria ) have been refused refugee status in the uk already . 
  it really is silly . 
  one advantage of the irish system is that deportation is easier due to direct provision . 
  demonstrates why we need to stop bouncing around failed asylum seekers , and prevent duplicate claims ( once systems are up to scratch - hungary 's for example does n't seem to be ) , and provide for deportation ( renzi 's migration compact should make this a lot easier , i believe there has already been some dialogue to ensure countries like nigeria are more cooperative ) . 
  failed asylum seekers should be held in extraterritorial holding areas , then deported from there . 
  if they ca n't be deported they should be kept there . 
  i 'm not necessarily against a right to appeal , but i think that those making appeals should not get to stay in the community . 
   18 months us bombed isis . 
  nothing happened . 
  then russia bombs isis for a month and things started to move what . . ? 
   could not defeat isis in 18 months do you want a ground invasion . . ? 
  ah right , was wondering . 
  surname is apparently algerian at least . 
  well i was thinking of people out of office , pis and orb\u00e1n go without saying when we 're talking about the current crowd . 
  where was he born ? 
   maybe we should start out own gitmo internment ? 
  because that always works so well when it lasts longer than a few weeks ... 
  europe 's greatness came from making the most mistakes of any group of societies and learning from them , not because of some `` good vs evil '' horseshit . 
   he should have been put away for life . 
  i agree that islamic terrorism that is completely unjustifiable ( i mean , at least eta , the ira , even the uvf had some understandable reasons even if you disagreed with them ) , and should entail harsher punishments , but can you really give someone life in prison for plotting ? 
  it really depends on the situation . 
  and remember , if you do n't support a european gitmo you 're an `` apologist '' . 
  this is the point , make the the deficit hawks on the council see how silly their rhetoric is in the short to medium term , by forcing them to face up to it . 
  no way portugal or spain should be sanctioned . 
  certainly in spain the debt situation is such that reducing unemployment should be the focus , while keeping the deficit around 4 % . 
  we all make questionable decisions with other adults i suppose . 
  a lot of us tend to forget kaczy\u0144ski is n't actually pm . 
   states controlling their borders , including stopping people from crossing them illegally has become controversial in europe well in all fairness , how often does this happen in the us ? 
  on the other hand , when it comes to external borders , we 're much more hardline than the us ( and given how close we are to africa and the me , we have to be ) . 
  in all fairness those people are fellow french citizens . 
  besides , what would you do about radicalised converts ? 
  how is afghanistan `` that part of the world '' ? 
  furthermore the afghan civil war which was very bloody was ended by the intervention , ending it as an aq haven , and deaths have sharply reduced in afghanistan , the issue is an insurgency . 
  as for iraq , the west invaded a country that was not embroiled in civil war , and started one . 
  with syria a civil war was ongoing on our borders . 
  yeah outside of the uk muslim birthrates are not particularly worrying , certainly not in france or germany . 
  britain has the biggest issue as its muslim communities are the least integrated . 
  obviously it 's easier to integrate a bunch of people of turkish origin though , not trying to criticise britain . 
  berlusconi , who else ? 
  because you did n't want to enforce peace . 
  the syrian regime realised they could get away with anything pretty quickly in the conflict as the west would be impotent due to the inaction of the likes of germany , the 2013 sarin attack reaction confirmed that , emboldening russia , hence the invasion of crimea followed soon after . 
  their elected pm is calling migrants `` poison '' . 
  the issue of course is that a lot of these people are n't registered as refugees ( or idps ) . 
  the krg for example has nowhere near enough funding for all the refugees/idps they host . 
  yet we have done little to address this . 
  it 's shortsighted . 
  easier to care for people closer to home . 
  as / u/fluchtpunkt pointed out :  lebanon asked the un for 1.9 billion us - $ for hosting refugees in 2016 . 
   up until 10 jun 2016 lebanon received 519.5 million us - $ from un countries . 
  that 's 27 % of the required funding . 
   jordan asked for 1.1 billion us - $ , it has received 316.3 million . 
   turkey has asked for 843 million and it has received 294 million . 
   and now you say `` but the year is n't over , they 'll pay '' .
