  nah nah nah dude slow down . 
  whatever they do in japan it 's a different story . 
  in italy we have the highest number of unesco sites in the world , you ca n't alway blame the badly organisation or mentality . 
  there 's a practical , very real `` problem '' , that in japan they do n't have . 
  also what do you think , that we should `` renovate '' the coliseum or what ? 
  what do you even mean ? 
  edit : for example in rome it would be easier to just build the metro lines deeper underground , like in london . 
  no need to destroy ancient sites ( which are a huge source of income , too ), 
  the resource pack is for free though . . 
  * boxes not boxers ahahaha, 
  too bad , thanks for the answer !, 
  yeah surely it was n't intended but i found it nicer, 
  i have no permanent position , but since september i 've been working as co-principal flute in a finnish orchestra . 
  it 's nice , i make a good living and most of the stress comes from the weather rather than from work ( it 's cold as hell , and there 's really little light in the winter ) . 
  most of the colleagues are really nice and we even play sports together after the tuesday rehearsal , every week . 
  the rehearsal schedule is n't heavy at all ( 11hrs a week plus one concert , monday-wednesday ) and i wish we were playing 2 concerts per project . 
  you must be secretly gay , then . 
  because they do n't like them . 
  so useful dude , and rabbits dude how could i play the game without rabbits and polar bears that i never encounter !? 
  who cares !, 
  coloured beds dude !, 
  it would be really beautiful but it 's more important to screw up the colour palette right now . 
  this is some stuff i built in the past . 
  i think there 's some of the best houses i 've built in this pictures https://m.imgur.com/a/xy6pi https://m.imgur.com/a/xsbxh https://m.imgur.com/a/yugvu, 
  they fly into blocks and die more often than not though . . 
  dude at least bats make a funny sound when they die so etho can amuse himself . . 
  yeah dude but they added glazed terracotta blocks which also have rotations etc. . 
  it 's not that it 's `` hard '' to code stuff , they are professionals at mojang, 
  thanks !, 
  i was using a custom version of the john smith texture pack at the time . 
  it was years ago though , i do n't know if it 's still distributed . 
  and i was using shaders too , but i do n't remember which ones . . 
  great !, 
  so sad , i loved the old animation because it looked funny, 
  oh man i wo n't be in italy at that time , too bad . . are you coming to scandinavia any time soon ? 
  i really like andrea camilleri !, 
  check him out !, 
  if you care about the weather , rome has no real winter basically . 
  i also find it the most beautiful between the cities you mentioned ( albeit turin and milan are really nice towns ) . 
  rome may be also cheaper than the other too . 
  well , going out at night is supposed to be a pain actually . . ok when you have been in an area for a long time it gets a little crazy with a lot of mobs spawning but it 's really a matter of lighting up your area . 
  i think creepers are much worse because they destroy your stuff but come on , it 's hard to die on this game really, 
  i want it !, 
  i am a total noob about this . 
  can you eli5 what would be better if they updated the libraries ? 
  i know it must be the dumbest question but i know nothing about programming . . would the game run better on bad machines ? 
  alright so one would not be able to play on old linux versions basically . 
  i ask because as the game gets updated i see the performance on my laptop going up and down . 
  on some versions of the game i get better performance than others ( not in chronological order though ! ) . 
  in general i get 60fps on 5 chunks render distance , but lately loading chunks is a bit slow . 
  thank you very much for the explanation though !, 
  it 's just sexism . 
  happens to the best of us . 
  mandatory edit : thanks for the gold kind stranger !, 
  how you doin, 
  arrosticini !, 
  it 's sheep meat on a stick . 
  are you in italy right now ? 
  if they do n't want to speak english to you ( ignorant assholes ) your best bet is to get an italian friend to be on the phone with them . 
  scar you 're a freaking beast of a builder !, 
  i totally agree with mehta . 
  sorry mr gould !, 
  dipende . 
  si oppure everything is back to normal . 
  what have you done ... 
  i love it , great performance from the bergen phil too . 
  i heard them live last year and loved it !, 
  that post real got tons of upvotes . . 
  difficult to ignore !, 
  shots fired !, 
  holy moses . . 
  i do n't know , do n't judge him too harshly if he 's living with his parents . 
  as many people said , it could be a smart financial decision . 
  at the same time though i 've been living abroad for a while and i understand where you 're coming from with your thoughts . 
  his situation can show that he 's not striving for independence and wanting to live like a proper adult . 
  but wait to know why he 's living with his parents before judging too much ( i moved out when i was 23 , i just could n't make it before then ), 
  the documentary was made in norway , just as a side note . 
  too bad it 's too cold to cycle for most of the year !, 
  i 've been working in finland this year and boy did i miss cycling . . 
  edit : the locals use their bikes even when it 's -20 c but i ca n't , it 's too much, 
  there also was an audition for principal flute there this week , anybody knows who won it ? 
  no , \u00e8 una statistica . 
  c ' \u00e8 una bella differenza . . 
  i do n't know if it 's my impression , but the front camera has weird colours now ? 
  i used to love it and now it seems like it 's changed , it also is n't as sharp as it was before ? 
  edit . 
  i mean the main camera . 
  the `` selfie '' camera still takes great pictures, 
  alright i guess i 'm wrong or something . . 
  i tried but it 's the same . 
  it looks like a focus problem . 
  also the image seems more in focus on 8mp than 23 . 
  i do n't see scratches or dust on the lens either . . 
  i guess i have to wait tomorrow and fiddle with it with some daylight . 
  thanks though !, 
  even if i 'm taking landscape or nature pictures ? 
  oh alright then , that 's what i tend to do :-) thanks !, 
  do n't talk about what you do n't know . 
  you live in a police state . 
  for me , the sole thought that someone who 's not police/military can carry a gun is mind-boggling .
