  vanilla survival , no plugins or mods , just the proper game with a 18 + community, 
  hey does anyone know why etho has n't uploaded videos from the mindcrack in a while ? 
  thanks , i did n't know . . 
  it 's a bit sad, 
  looks promising !, 
  it must be really fun to build this program !, 
  i wish i had the knowledge or a tool to do it myself :-) keep up the good work !, 
  classical musician here , we drink like there 's no tomorrow, 
  it looks like the real thing !, 
  summerfields or sphax bdcraft !, 
  they 're amazing, 
  nooooooooooooo, 
  god damn it it 's still 1,7 $ a liter here in italy . . 
  they are basically saying that the journalists where `` looking for this '' and , basically , they deserved it . 
  those people are little shits, 
  they did n't kill him ? 
  actually , i wonder when he died . 
  look http://youtu.be/u2kkttkhfag, 
  yeah well . . 
  i just wanted to share the slow motion video rather than conspiracy theories but i ca n't edit videos by myself . 
  anyway someone pointed out that a full metal jacket bullet at that range would just go through the head without causing movement or blood . 
  also , looking to the barrel of the rifle it seems to me that the terrorist did n't miss, 
  i do n't know !, 
  looks like , but i 'm no professional . . 
  actually it 's `` i am charlie '' ... 
  very nice . . rip for the victims of the attack :(, 
  dude , i 'm sure there 's also an ocean temple around there, 
  is this a joke ? 
  well , i do n't think you can compare the two empires ... too different times, 
  can confirm ... 
  there are so many . . 
  exactly , i wonder how his liver was doing after this `` diet '', 
  butter and salvia , pork fat such as bacon with eggs and cheese ( if you were rich enough ) , beans and garlic , chickpeas and rosemary . . 
  there 's a number of pre-tomato age recipes still in use today, 
  i ca n't help but think , at this point , what if this already happened ? 
  it 's amazing how the last one looks as it comes out of another video game ... 
  holy cow !, 
  holy cow !, 
  well done !, 
  but ... do n't they test the new releases before uploading ? 
  i know i 'm late to the party here , but what are the potential safety risks of reusing rockets ? 
  will it be possible to have `` used '' rockets for manned missions ? 
  awesome :-d, 
  this dude is n't going to play for many more years if he does n't fix his right hand technique ... and to be honest i 'm sorry for the venice baroque orchestra , such a great ensemble having to play this way because of business reasons is very sad . 
  but the video production is really good , i guess it 's the same guys that took care of carmignola 's videos with the vbo . 
  he 's rising his fingers several times , stressing the hand 's muscles ... 
  anyway , who cares actually, 
  i would never tell her she will never be a famous youtuber ... stuff like this can leave insecurities throughout her life ... just tell her to record while you 're doing your things . 
  i mean , you can also leave the computer rendering the videos while you do something else, 
  a 2 years old pc is perfectly fine for minecraft ... how many fps do you get ? 
  have you updated java and the video card drivers ? 
  are you running other programs besides minecraft while playing ? 
  that 's weird as hell ... could it be possible that you have more than one instance of minecraft running ? 
  someone should photoshop an alien tail somewhere ... or a burst egg, 
  holy cow , took me a moment to spot it !!, 
  well done sir , it looks amazing :-) yeah , a pity not many people saw the comment ... 
  we 're not even playing a music genre anymore , apparently, 
  i did n't want to have sex with my so once and she got so hurt she did n't talk to me for one week -_-, 
  i think that in my case she took it so bad because she was never rejected before ... hopefully with time she 'll understand even guys are not `` ready '' all the time, 
  thanks !, 
  i remember my first time was when i subbed as second flute playing the rite of spring , what a blast !, 
  you can also have suppl\u00ed with bolognese sauce instead of mozzarella ;-) source : i 'm an italian lurker, 
  oh god i hate when they do that !, 
  but i also sometimes just want to browse before sleeping . . 
  happened to me a few months ago , i managed to convince her otherwise and now i almost regret doing it . 
  we used to be friends , had drunk sex one night and kind of started from that . 
  she was just out of a 10 years long relationship . 
  now we fight all the fucking time and she 's projecting her emotional instability on me . 
  my girlfriend !!, 
  i 'll never understand why so many people feel better if someone tells them `` i understand you '' or `` i 'm sorry for you '' . 
  i may be an alien but i 'm not going to waste people 's time by venting . . if i choose to talk about something it 's because i need advice not empathy . 
  something may be wrong with me ahahah, 
  just be yourself ... 
  personally , i find it cute and genuine if a girl is nervous on a date with me , and if she 's not then i enjoy just as much . 
  he already likes you , otherwise he would n't have asked for a date , right ? 
  :d have fun !, 
  the eu accepted greece in the monetary union even though it was clear their accounts were fucked . 
  yes they presented fake documents , but everybody knew . 
  the eu commission has a big responsibility in this situation , not only the old greek governance . 
  why would they lease the ports to russia instead of germany ? 
  they wo n't lease ports , they will most probably find an escamotage to have their own currency and pay the debt with that, 
  government debt is fine when you can change with your currency value . 
  look at japan . . 
  but even you guys in the us are fine as long as the federal reserve can print money . 
  we ca n't do that here in the eu and a strong euro only benefits some countries . 
  greece is n't one of those, 
  the european banks that lended money to greece knew they were not getting their money back from greece . 
  all this fuss about them faking their accounts is bullshit , everyone knew the level of corruption was really high and their economy really weak and the fact the media says the opposite is insulting . 
  the banks lended money knowing they would be `` saved '' by the eu commission . 
  the whole operation served the purpose of being in the position of imposing to greece the european agenda ( privatisation , various reforms . . ) . 
  it 's the same technique the us used on argentina in the past . 
  impoverish a country , cut it down to pieces and sell it to the best offer . 
  that 's it . 
  so what ? 
  imagine seeing your salary cut in half ( let 's say you 're lucky and keep your job ) because of the bad investments of a foreign bank in your country , then a foreign government imposing you their agenda and raising racial tension against you . 
  how would you react ? 
  the eu commission is n't evil , but there 's evidence they do n't give a flying fuck about the humanitarian crisis going on . 
  nope , because the troika conditions list also things such as privatisations ( of water , among other things ) , social reforms ... 
  and why should then a country be treated like a company ? 
  we 're talking about millions of people who were lied to and fooled by politicians who are criminals and are n't getting the punishment they deserve !,
