  i do n't know why i did n't ask reddit earlier actually !, 
  i would n't have had to harrass the university 's employees so much if i did !, 
  wow !, 
  thanks a lot for the help !, 
  i will look into the laws about taxes in sweden , if i find a good translation in english , otherwise i 'll directly ask to someone at an employment center . 
  yes i 'll study music , i am enrolled in a masters programme in symphonic orchestra . 
  they only accepted 9 students beetween all the instruments this year , i 'm very happy that i 'm given this opportunity :d and no , it is not legal to give private lessons in italy , and infact i 've never asked for money since i enjoy teaching , but the government is n't really looking into this kind of activity . 
  i too started playing with private lessons when i was a kid , like everyone else here , pretty much , 
  thanks also for the information about everyday shopping !, 
  it will be very useful  you 're very kind !, 
  great !, 
  thanks for the offer on tips !, 
  i was n't expecting such a good response , actually  if you 're interested i 'd be more than happy to give your son some lessons to see if he has fun and enjoys music !, 
  i am a flutist , but i can also teach the solfege and the basics of piano playing . 
  please send me a pm for any information !, 
  my needs are humble , yes !, 
  ahah i cook everything i eat so i do n't really need much to live . 
  i really hope my `` kitchen-mates '' will be clean then !, 
  you 're not the first one warning me about this issue . . 
  i 'll do my best to keep everything clean  i really hope i will not have to ask for student loans though ... 
  but i really do n't know much about how they work in sweden , so i guess i should dig into them a bit more because we italians tend to not trust banks or government loans in general ( guess why ... ), 
  i hope i 'll win a scholarship but this plan is also very interesting !, 
  i do n't know if i 'll have the same rights as a swedish student ( of course , afterall i have n't ever payed any taxes to sweden ) , but who knows . . given how democratic and open sweden is , i might have a chance :d thanks for the tip , 
  well , thanks anyway !, 
   i think that working is better anyway :d, 
  who knows maybe i 'll find a job soon !, 
  :d yes scandinavia is awesome if you can keep up with the weather . . it gets pretty cold and winters are very dark . . but it 's a beautiful place and the people are very open minded and helpful . 
  a lot of people says that they 're `` cold '' but to me they seemed very cheerful and easygoing , 
  lucky you !, 
  that 's a great price :d but does your rent include internet and bills ? 
  because in that case you really got lucky !, 
  thanks !, 
  screenshots ? 
  i do n't have a server to test this :(, 
  i thought it was ftb or tekkit stuff at first ... but this is vanilla . 
  nice job !, 
  update your videocard drivers ? 
  have you turned off v-sync ? 
  man !, 
  this looks like it 's coming out of a movie !, 
  i 'll do that !, 
  thanks for the advice , 
  just join whitelisted servers and small communities . . most of the cyber bullies are kids who like to grief and pvp , so she 'll be fine in a vanilla whitelisted server, 
  oh come on , i 've been in sweden last month and talked to a lot of people to get info . . everyone was very friendly and smiley !, 
  only when i talked to people from the middle-east i was getting rude answers , but the swedes where great . 
  i was in gothenburg fyi, 
  just explain to them why you do n't eat meat and fish anymore . 
  be serious about it . . 
  i do n't know why even my mother who was almost a vegetarian before i actually changed my diet , now is always trying to force me to eat meat . 
  it 's idiotic, 
  this one :, 
   what science-fiction technology do you wish we had right now ? 
   hyperspace . 
  the ability to reach every point in the universe in a close to 0 time . 
  it would be , also , by far the  most useful of the mentioned ... [ portal guns ? 
  come on dude ], 
  abstract thought . 
  although dolphins and wales are really intelligent , i do n't think they 're able to think in a abstract , mathematical way like we do . 
  also , it seems like we 're the only species on the planet , so far , to have the urge to `` know '' and explore . 
  yeah , cats have deductive reasoning as well . . 
  i was referring to the ability to understand mathematics . 
  is that called deductive reasoning in english ? 
  also , orcas are very intelligent and skilled while they hunt , but we have the ability to develop very good skills in almost every way . 
  hunting , social abilities , creativity . . you name it . 
  mojang should address this issue ... 
  happy new year lynchy !, 
  i love your builds, 
  cool !, 
  actually we had the same idea !, 
  i also am building a house in/out of a hill , but on a bigger scale :d i 'll post some screenshots once i 'm done with it, 
  i know ... dinnerbone added this just because he could . 
  there 's no thought behind this feature . 
  it was funny for the first hour , now it 's just . . meh , why should i constantly run into hordes of zombies holding eggs ? 
  why not fiddle with something that impacts gameplay in a better way , such as cave generation ? 
  they had the opportunity before 1.7 , now we 'll have to wait for a while because the guys at mindcrack do not want to change map again [ let 's be honest , i love them but they speak almost like mojang employees sometimes - . - ], 
  nobody cares if it 's a baby or a kid up to the age of 4-5 , at least in italy and spain . 
  i do n't know about france but i guess it 's like this for them too, 
  i need a week more to finish the outside ... for the inside , it will take some more time . 
  the house is roughly 60 blocks high !, 
  well . . in the end i 've just posted it !, 
  ahahah http://www.reddit.com/r/minecraft/comments/1ugh8w/i_too_have_been_working_on_a_house_in_a_hill_d/, 
  lol ... and i have n't finished yet xd, 
  it 's not finished !, 
  i 'm building it in survival and the inside is almost empty , aside for some chests and enchanting set up . 
  i will upload a schematic once i 'm finished , i think , 
  thanks !, 
  it 's hollow inside  everything you see is connected on the inside , but it 's still a mess of scaffolding, 
  actually ... vintagebeef is using design that have been posted here months ago . 
  you can see lynchyinc for reference or even some stuff that i have posted in the past, 
  thanks !, 
  it 's beautiful :d, 
  but everyone in the rest of europe thinks that you have very good salaries , is n't it true ? 
  i mean . . 
  i was in oslo a month ago and they seemed to have roughly the same prices as we do in rome , but in italy the average school teacher makes 1800 $ / month [ which is 15000nok , more or less ], 
  i do n't get why asians get so mad when westerners confuse their nationalities . 
  i mean , if a girl thinks i 'm british i do n't care , if my gf [ japanese ] gets called korean she gets really angry . 
  and it 's pretty obvious that the guy did n't want to offend you , too, 
  so what ? 
  like in europe we have n't been killing each other for centuries ? 
  wwii took place here too , millions died and yet we moved over and we do n't hate each other .
