  it 's just a heritage from a world that does n't exist anymore , get rid of it already !, 
  fucking insane dude . . 
  i hope the cop does n't get away with it, 
  awesome !, 
  there should be more classical music in movies and pop culture , definitely, 
  wish you the best for the surgery !, 
  i hope it 's not too painful . . 
  cue inception music, 
  eheh that 's what she said . . 
  good luck !, 
  this game was made in finland , not america . 
  yeah paradox is swedish but colossal order is located in tampere . 
  i 've been there too , it 's a bit of a sad place in winter but the people are nice !, 
  i am no doctor , but i think he was referring , for example , to the principle behind vaccines . 
  if i 'm not mistaken vaccines contain a small amount of the virus they make you immune against , in an `` off '' state . 
  the body reacts to the virus by producing the needed antibodies , so that if you ever get infected by the actual virus , your body will defend itself effectively . 
  the homeopathic principle is the same , but the products are so diluted that they do n't work . 
  also there 's a difference between homeopathy and phytotherapy ( plant based medicine ) . 
  phytotherapic medicine works , but it ca n't be used to cure serious illness . 
  edit : an example of phytotherapy is breathing in the steam from boiling eucalyptus leaves to get relief from a cold or camomile to calm the nerves etc. . just in case someone thinks garlic and honey fix pneumonia or something . 
  it 's not horseshit if it did something ? 
  it does n't fucking cure cancer but if you have muscular tension it sure works with that , for example . 
  that 's wrong af . 
  also homeopathy is western . . 
  ahaha i almost missed the pun . . 
  anyway it 's around 20c even though we had a really cold spring this year ( it was still snowing a couple of weeks ago ), 
  actually i 'm single so . . just saying . . 
  it 's a similar weather but the days are quite a bit shorter than in the most populated places in canada , i think . 
  up in lapland you can experience the arctic winter without being totally out of civilisation , which is interesting . 
  actually , sometime ago i read that 's it 's still debated whether viruses are life forms or not . 
  i find it pretty interesting, 
  https://nccih.nih.gov/health/acupuncture/introduction oh look , it does !, 
  have a read https://nccih.nih.gov/health/acupuncture/introduction, 
  thank you for taking the time to write so much !, 
  it 's always nice to learn new things :-) i wish more of the people did their research like you did !, 
  ahaha dude , i 'm not finnish i just spent some time there for work but oh hell were they salty about the hockey this time around !, 
  a government agency is not reputable enough ? 
  i 'm not american , dude . . 
  your move , spain . 
  what are you talking about . . first , not every published study is conducted by the same people . 
  second , i was talking about acupuncture not homeopathy . 
  there 's many studies supporting the usefulness of acupuncture , that 's why where i work ( in sweden ) we have acupuncture , yoga and physiotherapy paid by the employer to fix work related pain . 
  wtf you think you 're cool copying stuff you saw around on reddit and commenting totally out of context ? 
  ffs once even physiotherapy was n't considered science once and now every sport team has more than one specialist employed . 
  you just do n't understand what you are talking about , you are just copying shit someone else posted to feel like you have a bigger dick , i do n't give a shit about some idiot who wanted to suicide with an homeopathic thing i was talking about something completely different . 
  fuck aldo , for real, 
  you 've been playing sax for only 2 years ? 
  woah dude !, 
  amazing !, 
  o no ? 
  yeah i hate that , why do we have that rule ? 
  persino il mio coinquilino svizzero sta sghignazzando . . we did it reddit, 
  i get my gold flute checked all the time in airports . . 
  i think the worst thing that happened to me was when they tried to open the case upside down by themselves and when i protested they even patronised me saying `` do n't worry i 'm careful '' . 
  bloody hell !, 
  how do you know though ? 
  i tried both only swiping right for the girls i like and swiping right for everyone . . 
  it does n't seem to make a difference , to be honest !, 
  what 's really noticeable is that when you arrive at a new place you get a lot more matches than normal for a couple of days . 
  my guess is that when you 're new the algorithm puts you on the spotlight for a few hours . 
  that 's why they introduced boosts too . . you pay your half an hour where active users will see you for sure . 
  it 's pretty out of tune most of the time . . 
  it 's quite close to the right pitch , which is why most people do n't think it 's bad , but as a professional musician this gave me an aneurysm . 
  freaking awesome . 
  you can take a train at 4.30 am from santa maria novella till pisa centrale . 
  it 's a regional train , so get your tickets at the station when you get to florence . 
  are you girls by the way ? 
  try to hang out around the police station meanwhile you wait for the train , for safety . 
  yeah i think i did n't frase it right , i 'll edit my post . 
  the hair looks incredible !, 
  glad you had such a good time !, 
  you 're welcome back :-), 
  wow beautiful picture and beautiful ride !, 
  i too love night rides ( that is n't really uncommon in scandinavia ) , especially when the roads are free and it 's just you and your bike breaking the silence . 
  if i have poor students i teach almost for free , if they put effort into their daily practice . 
  i do n't care about the money though , i have a salary . 
  i also think that music can keep disadvantaged kids out of bad situations and it 's so important they believe in themselves and do something after school that 's not hanging out in the ` hood . 
  thank you . 
  i think there 's a lot of talent to be found in people who have been much less lucky than i have . 
  once they start believing they can make it out of poverty through music or even just have something that makes them feel good inside , there 's little you have to do as a teacher . 
  just make sure they have the tools to develop a good technique and a good ear , because it 's rather rare they lack sensitivity . 
  https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-03-06/million-migrants-fleeing-putin-score-a-policy-jackpot-for-poland articolo pi\u00f9 recente . 
  un po ' narcisista ? 
  `` virginia raggi is an italian '' gi\u00e0 qui mi sono girati i cabbasisi . 
  dude , awesome !, 
  how does it feel to burn so many calories in a day ? 
  how many times did you stop and eat something ? 
  about three fiddy . 
  great job it sounds really nice !, 
  was the tempo of the voli\u00e9re your choice though ? 
  a little faster could have been easier on the flutist i think , because the tempo in the performance is kind of in the middle between having to use double tonguing or simple tonguing . 
  it puts the performer on a rather hard spot !, 
  i do n't know , i 'd be much more comfortable around the 84-90 bpm for the quarter note . 
  happened to me as well on a hill on the way home from work . 
  i had to walk part of it and this dude was just sprinting all the way up . 
  few weeks later i 'm doing the same as him . 
  that 's why i love cycling , you progress all the time !, 
  looks like what they have the bravery of calling a park over here . 
  so , we done with this pesticides ? 
  please ?
