  wow dude you nailed it !, 
  does it ? 
  great , 
  well , 27x15 can work but you will end up with a huge roof , and a pretty tall structure . 
  if you have custom terrain it 's ok but i would n't do it so big if you play in a vanilla world , because of the scale mainly . 
  with such a big base the completed house would be almost as high as the average mountain in minecraft lol, 
  no problem , 
  i think i 'll be able to post it tomorrow :d it 's a house made on a floating island and i still have to figure out how i want to do the helixes, 
  you can do a wood-friendly trash can by using pistons . 
  use a piston under the floor that , when retracted , reveals a water conduct that leads into a lava source a bit down into the ground  thanks a lot for giving me credit , by the way , 
  it 's very nice to hear this , thank you , 
  it does n't look that bad imo  maybe the faithful 32x would work better , what do you think ? 
  i do n't know how the seus shaders work , but installing the glsl shaders was waaay too much easy for me , dude  download optifine ultra a2 for 1.4.7 , magic launcher and the glsl latest shaders . 
  then what you need to do is just go onto the setup menu of magic launcher , click on `` add '' and select the zip files of optifine and the shaders . 
  done . 
  i ca n't believe that my first ever tutorial is getting so much popularity :o there 's a number of other roof design that i can provide you , if you need . 
  just pm me . 
  i like the way you 're designing this town man , keep up the good work !, 
  i played on a server hosted on a mac for a while , it was almost completely lag free , even better than most `` normal '' servers , but i do n't know how much would it cost in electricity to keep your computer on 24/7 , plus if you rent a server you do n't have to worry about maintenance and having good band speed in your house is not a problem . 
  moar flowers and trees !, 
  thanks  apparently nobody has given much attention to it though xd, 
  it 's cool !, 
  i would have made a higher base though , it feels a bit short, 
  i 'd like to hear your opinion on this other house i made , althought it 's based on a quiete different style than this one . 
  and i forgot the link : http://www.reddit.com/r/minecraft/comments/16mxcc/so_i_heard_you_like_steampunk/, 
  do this work with connected textures or natural textures ? 
  i 'm sorry but steampunk is a subgenre of fantasy , and studio ghibli movies are steampunk . 
  myiazaki is one of the fathers of this genre , truth to be said . . no bad feelings , of course !, 
  i 'm glad that you liked the build anyway  i would have added piping if i had ftb , 'cause a `` pipe '' in vanilla is waaaay too bulky :p, 
  they look real nice !, 
  but the rest of the texture pack is very dark dude , just saying . . 
  good job dude :d, 
  thanks man  i 'm glad to hear there 's someone who has my same taste for things in minecraft !, 
  this is just a part of a wip though , so the download will come when i 'm done with it , k ? 
  ps : i build fast , do n't worry :p, 
  john smith ftw man . . btw the end realm is very useful for xp farming [ there 's plenty of tutorials on line regarding this ] , potions are pretty much useless unless you want to troll people [ invisibility potion  ] or taking on one of the new bosses , the wither boss . 
  to kill this guy you will definetly need full lvl 30 enchanted diamond armor , weapons and potions of regeneration and strenght . 
  there 's no real reason to keep villagers alive . . you can trade with them , but they usually propose rip-off trades -_-, 
  thanks man  that floating island took ages , i 'll upload more close-ups of the propeller so that you can see how 's made  that too was a pain to work out btw , cause even though there 's plenty of designs out there , they are pretty much always windmills and not real propellers , plus i 'm a maniac of detail so ... xd regarding the roofs , do you talk about this house ? 
  http://i.imgur.com/kaeh8h.jpg or the bigger one in the last photo ? 
  they almost have the same roof except from the 3 slabs on top of the cobble stairs in the treem of the smaller house . 
  just that makes it look much more sleek, 
  you have to build the wither boss . 
  yeah you read right :p you have to go into a nether fortress and grind a bunch of the new wither skeletons [ just tall black skeletons with stone swords ] until you obtain 3 wither heads , which are a very rare drop . 
  then you go into your world and place 4 blocks of soul sand in a t-shape and the 3 heads on top of it . 
  back up and fight the monster . 
  you may want to test this out in creative before you make a mess in your world [ this dude is like a ghast on steroids and will attack any other mob , and it does n't despawn ], 
  once killed , it will drop a nether star . 
  the nether star is used to craft the beacon block , which is a thing that , placed on top of a piramid of iron , diamond , gold or emerald blocks [ your choice ] will give you up to 2 enchants on an area around it , such as haste [ mine faster ] jump boost , speed , regeneration etc, 
  dude , the steampunk fantasy is based upon victorian technology and architecture . 
  i do n't expect you to like what i do anyway , but at least know what steampunk is and from where it comes before posting rude comments, 
  it is heavily inspired by miyazaki 's movies, 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jefefod_y9q just saying ... 
  i whatch etho , i hope he will end up with a good looking island  anyway yes , the name of the album is a tribute to lynchyinc , no wonder that my house looks similar to his . 
  althought i tried to give my rendition of this style . 
  getting a lot of hate , unfortunately . 
  apparently steampunk is something that people are very attached too , and they have a very closed mind about it . 
  i did n't see many floating islands in the past days . 
  i 'd also like to see what you can do , a part from posting sarcastic comments on other people 's work, 
  well yeah , sorry . 
  i had a bad day and seeing my comments downvoted to oblivion while you 're the only one actually saying why does n't help, 
  no problem dude  i got your point though , i 'll find a way to implement piping and a factory to this `` flotilla '' of floating islands that i 'm building, 
  i do n't know how to do renders , sorry !, 
  thanks !, 
  i am trying to do some renders but , no matter what , i get really small images . 
  am i doing something wrong ? 
  problem solved !, 
  thanks anyway , 
  wrong texture pack . . they made it for their own version of dokucraft i believe , and it looks completely different, 
  you can way better than this on your server :p but it 's cool, 
  yeah , damn reddit does n't let me edit my messages . . 
  it looks a bit bulky but i like how you have added a lot of detail to it , 
  it sucks , to be honest ... as a creative player i almost do n't want to update . 
  just because some kids where n't able to take water buckets from a 1 deep pool, 
  i like you guys from the xbox version , you 're full of creativity and bring fresh ideas to the community . 
  do n't worry if you do n't get votes here , the redditors are trolls . 
  keep it up man !, 
  yeah stuff changes and it 's good , we will not have to worry about fixing water ever again , but since mojang fixes are always cheap we 'll lose the possibility to have flowing rivers and other things . 
  also , griefers must be very happy about being able to flood houses so easily, 
  have you seen how much hate did i get just because i said my floating island was steampunk inspired ? 
  reddit is full of kids . . 
  haters coming to say `` this is not steampunk '' in 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... 
  yes, 
  the windmill looks familiar ... 
  what the hell dude you 're quiete a good builder , get yourself the pc version !, 
  i do n't really know about the ipad versione , but what you 're describing seems to be creative mode . . control in the menus if you have the option to create a survival world, 
  lol , does this actually work or is this photoshop magic ? 
  to me is good enough to launch magic launcher and set it to run the last optifine and the glsl shaders zip file as they where a mod . 
  but you have to download the shaders and not the stupid mod they 're making you download on the minecraft forums , which i failed to make work too, 
  wow that 's very interesting !, 
  more screens ? 
  pretty badass, 
  i 'd love to have a happy steampunk tp !, 
  go on man  we need it, 
  first you have to download the mod itself , like glsl shaders mod . 
  then you download the shaders you want , like sonic ether 's ultra shaders . 
  you launch magic launcher and set it to run the latest optifine and the glsl mod [ select the . zip files ] , while in game press escape and select the `` shaders '' tab , open the folder and place your shaders zip file there , select them like a texture pack and you 're done, 
  i agree completely !, 
  magic launcher is a program made by the coder of optifine , it 's very useful because it allows you to instal mods like optifine and the shaders without having to touch any folder and whatnot . 
  just google it,
