  i personally like the messy style , do n't mind the people downvoting ... 
  they 're the loud minority i think . 
  the messy style is so cool because it gives you so much room for detailing but also a general organic look which makes builds more unique . 
  and yeah man keep the videos up !, 
  hope your channel keeps on expanding :-d, 
  wow man . . 
  your story makes me understand how lucky i am to be alive ... 
  when i was 16 i fell from the 4th story of a building and landed on solid concrete . 
  i could n't stand up for a month and broke a small bone in my right foot but i completely recovered in 2 months . 
  i was really lucky i fell on my feet and did n't have internal injuries ( did spit some blood though ) . 
  i whish you the best recovery possible !, 
  i know nobody else who went through this kind of accident so i 'd like to ask you how did it feel when you stood up for the first time after the accident ? 
  ok thanks for the answer !, 
  fiat 600 from some years ago . 
  it 's a really cheap car , i think even the cheapest and worst car fiat makes, 
  whish people were as zealously against industrial pollution as they are against traditional medicine . 
  well , it 's also true that the number of female flutists is much higher than female bass trombone players ... of course this is going to be reflected in the formation of a professional orchestra . 
  the situation is much better in scandinavia . 
  2 of the orchestras were i play also made it a point of having at least 50 % of their concerts conducted by women during the season . 
  i 'm typing from one of those phones . 
  are you telling me the next xperia z do n't have the radio app ?? 
  no man , marabou is the shit . 
  source : 2 years living in sweden . 
  maybe you 've been unlucky and got some old chocolate . 
  ok i did n't know the fazer bl\u00e5 !, 
  well ... 
  i think it can happen that to reach certain goals you need to have more time for yourself . 
  i think a good partner is n't someone who always wants to be with you , but a person who understands your aspirations are important . 
  so , support does n't necessarily mean presence . 
  i for example have to have be left alone practicing for most of the day , every day . 
  i need it , if someone could understand this and not think i 'm a narcissistic bastard , that would be nice ahahah, 
  the art of improvisation has been slowly lost overtime . 
  actually , even vivaldi was complaining about the necessity of writing down the numbers needed to harmonise bass lines , because continuists already could n't reliably play the right harmony . 
  i recall him writing `` li numeri per li cojoni '' on one of his scores , which means roughly `` the numbers are for the idiots '' . 
  so it makes sense that some composers have written down some examples of cadenzas . 
  do n't forget that writing music for amateurs was a good source of money . 
  i think it 's a matter of ethics . 
  one could spend hours trying to explain the benefits of eugenics but this does n't mean the public will change their opinions about that practice . 
  same goes for climate change and gmos . 
  it 's not surprising really , just because you think something makes sense it does n't mean people will agree with you , even if you 're scientifically right . 
  no , i do n't , but it may be different for for the average joe . 
  you know what i mean ? 
  for example , christians are generally against the use of gmos because it conflicts with their ethics . 
  modify an organisms dna in a lab can be interpreted as `` playing at being god '' . 
  i 'm not arguing whether this is right , logical or not , i 'm just explaining why some people can be against gmos but not be climate change deniers . 
  `` i passed several times with a swiss knife in my handluggage and nobody stopped me . . '', 
  same goes the other way around though . . 
  ahahaha that 's awesome though , now i wan na try it, 
  i 'm a classical musician and only hang out with other classical musicians ... 
  i try to make friends with other people but it just does n't click, 
  aquarium tropical fish are the product of generations of inbreeding though ... 
  even though sometimes you get lucky and get some really strong ones . 
  i have had a bunch of rhodostomus for almost 7 years before they started dying of old age !, 
  you are what you do and how you behave too , though . 
  we do n't get self conscious because we 're afraid to be less attractive . 
  it 's our hair dude , i like having hair and i would hate to lose it . 
  gosh imagine if you started losing hair and become bold !, 
  would you care about the opinion of some people going `` oh it 's not a big deal for me '' ? 
  he just wants you to reassure him his emotions are valid and you do n't appreciate him less because of them . 
  they 're illegal in my country and there 's a really though control on them . 
  i 've been into this hobby for almost 15 years and never even heard of captured tropical fishes here . 
  for sea fish yes , it 's a different story unfortunately, 
  yeah , but sometimes people are good at manipulation and make you feel like you 're a shitty person so that you do what they want . . that 's why so many guys are getting pretty defensive around this thread . 
  i understand your husband though . 
  we often try to `` make it '' on our own and through everything , almost as if we have to prove something to ourselves . 
  and then it comes a moment when you realise you ca n't do it alone and it 's really very hard , it really feels like a defeat even though it 's a success ( to finally seek for help ) . 
  i give them chocolate . 
  seems to work !, 
  dude i wish i could give you gold !, 
  well the big majority of redditors are men . . 
  yeah !!, 
  i wish my gf did n't shave her pubes ... 
  alright that 's interesting !, 
  as far as i know here there is a certain amount of fish coming from the red sea and central america every year , but if you cross the limits and get busted things get pretty serious . 
  also sharks , lionfish , clownfish are hard to find . 
  there 's also a lot of regulations about where and how have the fish been captured . 
  i 'm in italy by the way but i suspect this is the eu regulations . 
  never seen a wild cichlid , tetra or pleco . . my fish all come from japanese/taiwanese farms . 
  goldfish are indestructible ahahah, 
  thanks !, 
  i did n't even know i was right !, 
  english is n't my first language, 
  i mean in stores !, 
  i did !, 
  but she said she feels more comfortable when shaved, 
  it 's fine man !, 
  english is my third language so i need to be corrected sometimes !, 
  yeah . . 
  i 'm sorry for the fish but also for you . . 
  retailers rarely care and sell you whatever you 're asking for without informing you that some fish are aggressive . . 
  i kept my rhodostomus alone ( they were a big group , 50 of them , so they would have harassed and killed pretty much any other fish or shrimp ), 
  they 're very beautiful :-) thanks for the video !, 
  yeah i 'm not in the us though :-), 
  ahahaha well i suppose if you 're good at having them reproduce in captivity you can have a good business !, 
  there 's a lot of regulations here though, 
  gosh . . 
  the nostalgia, 
  it 's a business . 
  the italian government probably did some pressing on the iraqis in order to take the rights of doing this job . 
  an italian company is taking care of the renovations meanwhile our army is taking care of the security .
