  i wonder why the belgian and other european intelligence agencies did n't know about isis well before this all started, 
  it 's strange because i 've been to the hisingen area several times and it 's an okay place . . 
  sort of . 
  nothing comparable to paris nord where i really felt in danger sometimes . 
  anyway , i do n't get why they let them have their neighbourhood like this . . 
  in the italian town of cagliari they built social housing and residential buildings mixing them so that the second generation immigrants would be integrated , and it worked fine . 
  why not do the same in g\u00f6teborg !, 
  ahaha . . well , apart from a irony , my guess is that they knew what isis was doing but could n't get proper evidence , or they let them do in order to keep destabilising the middle east, 
  what ? 
  racist ? 
  why ? 
  it worked out so fine in sardinia, 
  lol . . well their housing system is mental anyway, 
  but i do n't get how so many foreigners did n't know about als . . 
  it 's so strange . 
  in italy maybe everyone knows it because of the christian society , constantly begging to charity and stuff, 
  nazi is a bit of a strong word . . 
  oh for some reason i thought it was another party . . 
  okay thanks :-), 
  wow , thanks for the analysis !, 
  did n't know that , i did n't follow the syrian situation closely but i was wondering why assad was such a problem . . evidently they wanted to destabilise syria and take control over it in some way . 
  do you mind if i start a thread using your comment ? 
  americans like kfc because they do n't know how amazing the rotisserie chicken is in france or italy . . 
  we do have mexican food in my place !, 
  but it 's made by venezuelans . . 
  but come on , spicy food is better in calabria ahaha, 
  amazing , thanks a lot !, 
  yep !, 
  but the overproduction has to be destroyed thanks to eu laws . . 
  they also make great olive oil and meat, 
  sicilian chilies are really nasty , i know . . 
  but yeah the only place where i had properly good food outside of italy , as hard as it is to admit , was france . 
  in bastille , paris . 
  or even in provence they know what they 're doing . 
  you should return your passport now . 
  ahahaha no but seriously i ca n't eat german stuff . 
  the doctor said no . 
  see they 're always copying . 
  even the french with champagne and frittata . . 
  because perfect pitch means that you understand what notes are being played at a given time , it does n't mean you ca n't do the same in different diapason . 
  if you 're used at a = 440 and listen to a piece at a = 415 , the a will sound like a g sharp to you , but since mozart was a musician he was perfectly able to compensate for this and understand what was going on . 
  hell today there 's people who play at 415 a day and 442 the day after , no problem . 
  in fact what is important is the space between the notes and that is roughly the same all the time nowadays . 
  actually it 's not decided . 
  in italy , france and spain , and most of the rest of the world they play at 442 . 
  in germany they prefer a higher pitch , which on paper is 444 , but they sound sharper than that actually . 
  in the uk and us they play lower , at 438 mostly . 
  this goes for classical music . 
  pop music is kinda out of tune sometimes , but it 's with a = 440 , because of the guitars , that get the same tuning as classical guitars . 
  actually there 's been a lot of commerce between western europe and asia , further to china , since the roman empire . 
  russia did n't prosper much not because of the rivers , but because sociopolitical issues , and cold climate . 
  i do n't care about people 's race , and that 's not the issue at all . 
  the problem for me is people 's culture , they should be open minded and respectful of people rights , integrated into the society our ancestors died for . 
  or if they do n't like freedom they are welcome to have their theocracy or dictatorship somewhere else . 
  a civil war between who ... ? 
  nobody will do anything , you 'll see . . 
  thank you guys for helping the subreddit to grow :-d hope you ca n't mod anymore because of nice reasons like a new job or something like that :-), 
  well . . 
  i think he 's right to a point but not totally exact . 
  italy is already not homogeneous , it has never been i think , not even at roman times . 
  we 've always been a group of people dominated by different kings , invaded all the time etc , you know the story . 
  so we 're not homogeneous , we ca n't understand a thing when speaking different dialects , we have different foods , different mindsets . . 
  but we still are among the most patriotic in europe i think . 
  in italy i 'm not considered patriotic at all and the swedes think i 'm a nationalist . 
  so i think the plan of a more keen european man is going to fail , because you ca n't erase thousands of years of history just the like that . 
  they 'll get the opposite reaction actually , and it 's already happening with all those right wing parties coming back . 
  it 's clear to me and i wonder if the whole plan behind mass immigration is to break down eu and bring back right wing restrictive governments , especially in those places like scandinavia , where they reached a very advanced and equal society and people are going to fall in the trick of giving up freedom in return of safety , actually going backwards . 
  i hope i explained myself :-), 
  i 'd care of course if we had a majority of muslims for example , i 'd hate that . 
  but i do n't care about number of whites ffs . 
  race and culture are different things that should not be mixed . 
  also , in italy we do n't have miths about being blonde and bullshit like that . 
  historically we 've been mixed up with everyone and what ? 
  there 's super nationalist italians that look like egyptians . . 
  does n't matter really . 
  the problem comes when you have this huge ghettos where people just live like they 're in another country , well then it becomes an invasion rather than immigration, 
  `` non whites '' like if because you 're white then you 're great . . look around yourself and take notes about how silly and imbecile and evil people are , please , regardless of race . 
  anyway i repeat that the problems come from non-integration in our society , race does n't fucking matter . 
  immigrants should be integrated , which is a nice word to say `` westernised '' , because otherwise our society will fade . 
  but be real , the white race is a goner , there 's nothing you can do for that . 
  personally i do n't care about politically correct or if people get offended . 
  christ , my grandmother is a full blown fascist . 
  but i think that separating culture from race is , in fact , consistent . 
  because if you.look at south america , you see tons of races living together no problem , culturally homogeneous within.their country 's borders , more or less . 
  also asians in north america are very integrated think themselves as americans , why.should the race count ? 
  it 's pointless, 
  nah i do n't think so . 
  you 're being irrational . . 
  i do n't want to name places for you either not because i ca n't , 5min on google can solve that , but because that would be missing the point . 
  let capitalism work . . 
  they 'll lose their beloved faith and drool at iphones pretty soon if we stop keeping them in ghettos, 
  actually italy still is one of the most important economic powers in the world , even though merkel has suddenly convinced every idiot in europe that public debt is the most important thing in the world . 
  also , i 'm afraid there is things such as history and culture , that you ca n't buy , and we 'll not let go so that we do n't look racist . 
  what is really funny is that you 're all telling me i do n't know shit about south america , while i 'm part brazilian !, 
  thanks for the fun guys . 
  but seriously , crime does n't mean racism . 
  there is still a lot of crime but we 're talking about a huge continent , you ca n't trust tv on what life is down there . 
  how can someone respond to another insult though ? 
  especially when it 's something so outlandish like being accused of genocide . 
  lol,
