  why should it be the people paying such a high price ? 
  there 's ways and ways of getting the loaned money back and for sure rigid austerity is n't a good way to solve anything , as the past years proved, 
  wikileaks . . and , common sense really . 
  if you care about her , you can survive without sex . 
  not all girls take it easy on those things and in my opinion it 's better like that . 
  i had relationships that started from sex and they were all . . 
  difficult . 
  the one time i took it slowly ( 5 months ) with someone , the relationship lasted almost 6 years and it was amazing . 
  is that a statistic referred to the us ? 
  holy shit, 
  yes but it can get quite stressful for us as well ... 
  i love to listen to my gf and i know she needs to vent sometimes , just as i do , but if you just vent for weeks or months i might start thinking you do n't actually want to fix your problem , and this is frustrating . 
  i might be too practical as a person though . . 
  this . 
  why do you get annoyed if he tries to give advice ? 
  my gf does the same and i ca n't understand why for the love of god . 
  he owns more than half of the market if i recall correctly . 
  plus , he owns a couple banks , investment companies , real estate like crazy . . to think he started from nothing and made it so far being innocent is quite blind, 
  thanks for the explanation :-), 
  this is the translator 's fault . . what the president said is a typical italian expression that does n't mean you 're religious or anything . 
  they did a literal translation so it sounds like it 's a priest speaking lol . 
  but he just meant we need a extraordinary circumstances and work to fix this shit . 
  exactly the same as in italy . 
  i also hate that !, 
  do you think it 's lack of care ? 
  dude tell me were ... 
  i 'm an expat in goteborg and haircuts are bloody expensive ( i 've been asked 600sek once :o ), 
  i had a few yoga classes and once you manage to stop fantasising about the teacher and her amazing body ( yeah , sweden eheh ) that thing is pretty cool . 
  pretty hard to do well , also, 
  hehe , does it sound good ? 
  i remember picking up my bike with its new titanium exhaust . . good , very loud memories, 
  nice !, 
  have fun , 
  you guys are winners !, 
  i 'm trying my best to convince my gf that what i say does n't have double meanings but she answers saying i just `` do n't want to accept myself '' . . 
  which is , like , the worst answer i could get, 
  i do n't know , in the past i 've been told i 'm also extremely clear in what i say and very straightforward of a person , it surprised me so much when she started accusing me of being not honest !, 
  it started out with her getting convinced i do n't like her as a woman , and that i do n't want to admit it because i 'm afraid of hurting her feelings . 
  i admit i do n't have your patience and i felt really hurt by this accusation and could n't handle it really rationally , but after months of trying to convince her i kind of given up . 
  anyway yeah , i tried to eliminate any possible double meanings from the way i communicate ( yes , i almost became petulant ) but i 'm starting to think this is hopeless . 
  but thanks for the suggestion , i 'll try and see if i can be even clearer , in some way !, 
  hey , thanks for taking the time to write so much !, 
  no , she never told me why she thinks i do n't respect her or find her not attractive . 
  the answer i got so far is usually a `` you know what you did '' kind of thing ... 
  it sucks . 
  i also tried your way of putting it ( if i did n't like you i would n't be with you , i would n't be here trying to find a way to make this work better ) , but it did n't work much either . . 
  in some way she just brushed my , let 's say logic ( i do n't know a better word , i 'm not a native english speaker ) away saying she can not trust me . 
  we even broke up at some point because i could n't handle the criticism anymore , only to see her coming back saying she wants me . 
  it 's been one year like this and i started thinking she might have borderline disorder . 
  i 'm not an expert in those things , but i really feel like walking on eggs and more or less anything can trigger an aggressive reaction followed by accusations and despise . 
  i do n't know what to do , it 's really nice to hear that you can manage this and are improving but i am thinking of really giving up . 
  it would be horrible anyway because we work together , even . 
  what a mess !, 
  thanks for the support and good luck to you too !, 
  christian bells are just as annoying for me , and i 'm from italy so i 'm supposed to be used to them but nope . 
  you would n't look that fashionable but germany is n't italy or france . . people are not that `` posh '' regarding clothing where you 're going . 
  plus , you 're from north america !, 
  do n't try to blend in , europeans are generally really open to you guys and find your habits cool !, 
  also , some girls really like that `` timber look '' ;-), 
  in her eyes , you 're probably giving him what she does n't / feels she ca n't . 
  i would n't feel bad in your place , it 's her problem, 
  i do n't know but maybe they try to share something with you even though you did n't ask for it . 
  would you want a guy to only do what you specifically ask ? 
  it 's always the quiet ones ... lucky you !!!!, 
  enjoy !, 
  they 're probably sex slaves from the balkans you know , they do n't have a choice, 
  most of prostitutes in italy and spain come from the balkans or eastern europe ... 
  have you ever been a man ? 
  how do you know it 's wrong ? 
  dude , people are going to look at you all the time , it 's your problem if you ca n't deal with it because of your insecurities . 
  another thing is being groped or stuff like that , clearly , but really are we going to prohibit men from looking at you ? 
  come on , you know perfectly life is n't black and white and between drooling behind someone and giving a look at a random girl there 's a big difference . 
  and do n't tell me that girls do n't look at hot guys because that 's bs . 
  i do n't see the reason to be so upset about it . . first , it 's really nice when you can spend time with your so and some friends , second if you 're really not into it just say it before . 
  well how do you know that was planned ? 
  i do n't think he would be such a jerk to plan something and surprise you with something else , you know ? 
  you see , the problem is that people always make assumptions . 
  the same thing you 're saying could be turned in favour of the guy in this case !, 
  also , why separate `` girlfriend '' from `` friends '' . 
  i find that if you love someone you are enthusiastic to be with this person regardless of the situation . 
  `` go hiking with friends ? 
  cool !, 
  spend some time alone ? 
  great ! '', 
  what 's the problem ? 
  i 'm sure they 'll get some time alone anyway , also . 
  well , thanks xd so many downvotes also ... 
  i guess it 's a delicate topic, 
  we 're getting so downvoted , this sub is getting really mainstream, 
  well then you 're not alone ;-), 
  i love this videos about the symphonie fantastique by berlioz , and i created a playlist : http://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=plyhs2ecvokevoycrvhxuo4jiwa2k2e1wl, 
  wait a second , they do n't update because of kindness . 
  they update because this is how they keep selling new copies of their game every day . 
  which , by the way , is nothing bad . 
  i do n't see the problem to be honest . 
  i 've been doing 1,30 h train trips to see my ex for years and never felt bad if she had some friends around . . 
  i do n't have the arrogance to pretend she gives up her friends for me . 
  also , her friends were cool people just like her and i had a good time . 
  exactly . 
  for flute , cassandra 's dream song by ferneyhough and rodrigo 's concierto pastoral are extremely challenging .
