  ah i attacked you , after you accused me of genocide , and you said my country is a shithole of lazy thugs . . this is rather fun and absurd . 
  anyway , no sorry i do n't care about the white race because it 's not what really matters to be honest . 
  i mean it 's also a fact that we are a huge minority in the world and we have recessive genetic traits for the most part , but what really matters is our culture , not the supposed blondness ( which is also a non important myth since our history has been made by countries where the majority is dark hair ) . 
  our culture is what should survive , but many people confuse culture and economic growth . 
  everyone today has forgot about voltaire , kant , vivaldi and all the huge knowledge we have accumulated throughout the centuries . 
  that is our identity, 
  that might be the case in some countries , in others they have to pay everything but they still live in ghettos because people are too bigot to live near an indian who cooks with curry . . 
  because it 's pointless and not coherent with what i was saying :-) i 'm not here to get my comments misunderstood and get orders on what to post afterwards . . 
  it is , depends on where you go though . 
  but what do we expect if the rich are so rich and the poor are so poor ? 
  it 's not a problem of race though , that 's what i 'm saying . 
  proven by who ? 
  you know you have no proof of that . 
  there 's no state in europe that will publish a statistic like that first because the police does n't need comparing whites and non whites , second because it would be considered very racist ( and it is ) , third because it does n't actually matter at all what race you are when you 're committing a crime :-) none would fund a research like the one you 're talking about except for a biased xenophobic organisation . 
  thanks but that is a statistic , that even kids know . 
  but you said that for the same income , black people commit more crime , which is just false . 
  crime is in fact related to income , not race . 
  they 're lucky our police is trying to be super nice to them and did n't take the chance to beat the shit out of their faces . . fucking eu , we have to investigate for their asylum and they cost 40 $ a day each . 
  while there 's italians forced to live with less than a half of that . 
  i mean this is hilarious ... a jew talking like a nazi . 
  how ironic, 
  evidence ? 
  that article is bullshit vomited by hysterical impotent `` people '', 
  the bell curve is not a legitimate study . 
  it was not submitted to peer review before publication , therefore it does n't have any scientific value . 
  even so , almost a hundred papers have been published after this book , proving that is all wrong about races and how statistics have been handled by the authors . 
  plus , the bell curve was published before the completion of the mapping of human genome . 
  such event also proved that there is no genetic differences among human races , and our looks differ due to somatic characters . 
  so if you 're asian , blonde or redhair the genes are the same . 
  it has also been proven that the authors of the bell curve have manipulated their tests in order to get the desired results . 
  sorry if bullshit studies are posted what can i say ? 
  stop climbing on mirrors to prove that your irrational hate of black people is scientifically supported . 
  we 've already seen this before , it 's straight up bullshit . 
  / r/shittyaskscience is so funny sometimes, 
  yeah if you check the best posts of all time you 'll have a good laugh !, 
  yeah and you leave europe with no gas and very little oil , breaking the eu export too . . wtf, 
  thank the french for the revolutions against tyranny . . 
  thank greece for democracy . 
  and you 're welcome for electricity and phones , best regards . . 
  the italians . 
  i 'm thankful and sorry for all the lives you lost for us in wwii but it was n't for charity you were here . . 
  if hitler got europe you were next . . 
  look up more history books and find out that europe was n't ready to fight in 1938 . . 
  there was n't much of a choice and war is always the last option when you 're dealing with such powerful countries . 
  russia has never made nuclear threats and will never do . . 
  they are also disarming nuclear bombs faster than the us . 
  do n't watch too many movies dude !, 
  we 're impatient to kick their ass . 
  that happens in most of europe . . 
  isn \u00b4 t the speed limit slower than usual in certain conditions , in holland ? 
  in many countries , if the speed limit is 80km/h in normal conditions , it drops automatically to 40km/h in snowing conditions . 
  southern italians tend to be olive skinned because of the huge amount of sunlight there is . 
  i 'm from south of rome , living in sweden , and i became pale as fuck . 
  it seems pretty strange that the two cellists got `` lost '' . 
  i 've been touring with orchestras for years and the manager always has had my phone number . 
  also , if singapore airlines has this policy it 's very strange that the orchestra manager did n't know about it, 
  cool !, 
  water is very heavy ... just 1 cubic meter of water is one more tonne to add to the space craft . 
  i have no idea , but i guess water would have been used already if it was a good option . 
  maybe in the future , building space crafts in orbit , it might be possible but what if there 's a leak and you end up with radioactive water in the cabin ? 
  a metal shield has the advantage of not moving around like a liquid does ... 
  stage fright is a `` bit '' more intense than having difficulties to pee ... 
  thanks a lot . 
  i totally agree with you and before i thought i might be stupid . 
  i feel like yes it 's cool to see people on another planet but it 's so stupidly difficult and nearly useless that i could n't find a way to justify the thing . 
  some said that rovers are slow , but what 's the point of being fast ? 
  also , machines do n't make mistakes , and with the budget of a human mission we could send immensely better robots !, 
  what if there actually is some life on mars and we kill it by contamination for goodness sake !, 
  lol , you were young when euros, 
  ehm . . from the esa website : `` measurements of the deuterium/hydrogen ( d/h ) ratio in other comets have shown a wide range of values . 
  of the 11 comets for which measurements have been made , it is only the jupiter-family comet 103p/hartley 2 that was found to match the composition of earth 's water , in observations made by esa 's herschel mission in 2011 . '', 
  well . . maybe they found out it was not the case for those comets, 
  i sit with a large group of people blowing , scratching , hitting and fingering . 
  ahahaha yeah . . symphony orchestra player . . 
  but we have a saying in my profession that goes like this : `` an orchestra is a big bed '' . 
  and it 's kind of true :-p, 
  there 's a lot of problems with rape here in scandinavia ... 
  there 's a lot of segregation also , and it does n't help that scandinavians seem to be so naive sometimes, 
  how do you think the muslim community can fight this radicals ? 
  you tell me ... 
  i 'm in sweden and it 's even worse than denmark . 
  there 's no discussion possible and you 're a racist if you say anything . 
  fun thing , everyone jokes about me being a mafia guy as soon as they know i 'm italian . 
  but that 's fun and politically correct i guess, 
  yeah but i 'm asking how come this dudes still come out in considerable amounts from the muslim community . 
  i mean to convince someone to suicide bomb if one is born in a `` sane '' environment is not easy , so it must be that radicalism is quite wide spread , not such a rare thing, 
  silly scandinavian girls , drinking like there 's no tomorrow during weekends ... 
  i also would like to live in a world where people do n't fucking try to rape you if you 're hot blonde and drunk , but a bit of carefulness always helps, 
  maybe if i try to get more tanned this summer i 'll be able to enjoy my spaghetti more freely !, 
  there 's very little to say ... 
  i hope one day biologists will be able to `` recreate '' those extinct species with the stored dna , at least, 
  would n't it be possible to mix the white rhinos with another similar species in order to bring more genetic difference ? 
  so what ? 
  it was hundreds of years ago, 
  it 's cool but it 's so weird to see stars in front of the moon ... 
  it makes it look like the moon is as big as a galaxy or something, 
  i love the trees on the house !, 
  i 'd like to see some in game screenshots too , that would be very interesting !, 
  well done dude !, 
  dude , thanks for the ride !,
