  oh ok . . thanks for the info !, 
  lol, 
  you 're welcome !, 
  but why are n't you proud of your country ? 
  it 's a great place , i lived in basel for 6 years ... pretty cold yeah but there 's a lot of cultural movement going on, 
  i still see her sometimes  one boyfriend is n't enough for her , i guess . . 
  are the bowing skills of native americans being preserved in any way ? 
  i know that in europe some people are trying to find books about the bowing techniques used by the best archers of the middleage , and that 's very difficult but when they find something , it 's usually amazing , coming from centuries of perfecting the technique . 
  also , i know that native american culture is quiete near to the equilibrium of nature , so does n't your view on hunting change when you think about using rifles and hunting `` for fun '' ? 
  your anchestors hunted for food , and they did it in a way that was n't unfair to the animals, 
  i really do n't understand how can you love an animal and still shoot it , though ... 
  yeah ... when i was a kid i also got free chocolate onboard ahahah, 
  ahahah alright then . . that 's a very good acustic then, 
  banks ? 
  ahahaha just kidding ... 
  i know switzerland very well and have many friends studying there . 
  it 's quiete a nice place  too bad it 's very cold, 
  homeworld ... 
  i still play it , sometimes, 
  i think they should just teach you cursive in the proper way . . gosh i had a teacher in primary school that was always `` punishing '' us by making us write over and over the same letters to improve our handwriting . 
  all of my friends of the time now have an awesome cursive, 
  in italy someone even tried to review the law on divorce and abortion [ which is already very difficult ] . 
  you can guess that we 're not going to have gay marriage [ although one does n't have to be gay to do it . . ] for a long time, 
  like , 4 a day, 
  jesus i did n't see the part about the last 10-20 years ... 
  i really need some sleep lol sorry, 
  i think that a big chunk of the italian population still thinks that being gay is a disease , and that 's because of the church power here . 
  also , the big majority of the population is over 50 years old . 
  i 'm ashamed to be italian because of this and the politicians who go around saying `` true marriage is beetween men and women '' like we 're still in the 50s or something ... 
  there 's even anti-abortion groups in the parliament , even inside the left-wing parties . 
  they are teo-con sponsored by church organizations such as the cei and opus dei, 
  the powerful friends that the artist has/doesn ' t have, 
  yes i also think that , eventually , gay marriage will be allowed here too . 
  but , as always , we will be almost the last of the western countries to keep up with the social progress ... like it was for vote to women , divorce , abortion , military service . . stupid priests :p, 
  ask a true psychologist about what to do ... 
  this is n't stuff that you 're going to solve on your own . 
  source : my sister is a freakin dianetic, 
  oh you 're welcome man , 
  dude ... real life assault rifles have 1000 + rpm and very little recoil . . what do you think you 're doing with a saiga against a beast like that ? 
  the real question is : why the fuck do you play on console ? 
  dude you need a mouse for fps, 
  talking about the game ? 
  in game , of course you would get me and i would rage lol . . but in real life ... 
  i do n't know . 
  i have a friend who is a former soldier of an italian division used in special operations and he says that shotguns are useless even in close quarters [ like , inside a house ] because they are heavy and useful only inside a certain range . 
  you 're better off with a small pdw like the mp7 . 
  it 's lighter , the rate of fire is insane and has quiete some range, 
  well how much did you pay for your ps3 ? 
  i have an 800 $ pc that can handle bf3 and all the other games except for crysis 3 and it will last me ages ... also , you do n't need to spend 1000 + $ to have a pc that performs better than a console and most importantly you can upgrade it . 
  when bf4 comes out you 'll have to buy a new console , and who knows how much will it cost , while i 'll probably only have to buy a new video card around 100-150 $, 
  sure , but the m4 has a long barrel that can impede your movements . 
  infact , most spec-ops that are going in indoor missions use more compact rifles like the f2000, 
  lol, 
  fucking awesome, 
  it 's cool !, 
  this blocks just desappear when you load the world with an older . jar . . so i guess he can do what he wants . 
  the only problem is that he will loose the correct grass and leaves colours and the ungenerated world will generate in 1.6 if explored , causing chunk borders to be quiete `` noticible '' ahah, 
  yep . . 
  i thought it was my pc at first, 
  thanks !, 
  that 's why i 've posted this screenshot :d, 
  looks promising  but you 've said `` it 's gon na be awesome '' like a thousand times , at one point i was like `` oh yeah , let 's see if you can keep the promise ! '', 
  hahaha no bad feelings though !, 
  good luck , 
  oak roof leaves drop spruce saplings for me !, 
  does n't work, 
  it was generated in the snapshot , but in the release everything is normal , 
  eh . . ca n't grow it in 1.7 !, 
  what version do you mean ? 
  for some reason my launcher was n't updating to 1.7.1 !, 
  it was a bug maybe ... nice that people downvote ... butthurts ahahah thanks for the video !, 
  yep , it did n't work for me because i had snow near the saplings ^ ^, 
  this is how that biome spawns , 
  amplified world or just a normal one ? 
  my pc is quiete beefy and it took a bit more than usual to make an amplified world actually, 
  yeah i hope they address this render distance problem as soon as possible ... it really ruines the feeling of the game imo, 
  admist is being a bit incorrect as it said that i had a mega taiga biome 1000 blocks nearer than what it is really , but anyway . . 
  i think it 's cool to travel so much to get stuff you know ? 
  and also nice to see the climate changing smoothly . 
  my only concern is that i already have explored a lot and have n't found any jungles ... 
  i think i 've traveled 5000blocks + in every direction from spawn so far, 
  just explore a bit and you 'll find the new terrain :d, 
  you 're welcome !, 
  enjoy the new stuff ^ ^, 
  i think that in colder biomes it will always snow above a certain height . 
  even in forest biomes or taigas, 
  it does n't work like in other games where you just hold the sprint button , it 's a toggle . 
  it 's just like the double tap but you press once , it 's not like your player is going to sprint forever ... 
  i do n't really see how this is ruining pvp to be honest, 
  thanks for my new wallpaper , 
  age : 25 [ i can link you my facebook profile if you want to check ahah ], 
  reasons : i 'm looking for a vanilla server because i do n't like modded minecraft and the singleplayer got really boring . 
  i like to build either in fantasy or modern style , check my imgur account if you want http://mozartbond.imgur.com/], 
  location : italy, 
  i actually really like the gravel beaches back and gravel patches trough the nether and extreme hills biomes !, 
  also why would you clear a forest ? 
  use fire if you really need space fast . . 
  alright !, 
  i hope i can join you guys in the future !, 
  3rd application failed though , dayum !,
