  well , the ibert concerto is a standard piece of repertoire for modern flutist ... 
  it is n't easy , but i would n't say it 's really hard like the rodrigo . 
  i think the ibert is really well written and flutistic , while rodrigo goes quite against the nature of the instrument, 
  it 's ironic to find this thread for me since i just unsubscribed from trollx ... 
  it 's not what it used to be anymore to be honest ... 
  i have a naxos music library subscription . 
  you can find pretty much everything in there . 
  when i found it , it was really funny and people were relaxed and quite open in the comments . . now i feel like whatever i say triggers some hardcore feminist , whoever has a different opinion on whatever the topic gets downvoted and treated like shit . 
  plus , it 's just a bunch of reused gifs : - /, 
  to make an example , yesterday i commented a post of someone saying she had fat tights saying that i appreciate this in a woman . 
  one year ago i would get answers like `` it 's nice to see not all man want thin women '' or something along this lines . 
  now , and i cite literally , i got this `` nobody cares about your stupid boner '' . 
  i do n't think it 's misogynistic to express my taste . 
  if you say you like beards nobody is going to treat you like this . 
  no , i got downvotes and a retarded answer because i 'm a man and people make a lot of assumptions about me based on gender . 
  if i did post the same comment pretending to be a woman , it would have been different . 
  and i say this with the premise that i know i frased my comment badly but i could n't be bothered to edit it after such a reaction , to be honest . 
  no i did n't mean that you are retarded . . 
  i was referring to the `` stupid boner '' thing ... 
  sorry if i frased wrongly , english is n't my first language . 
  anyway no , the problem is n't me or the community , it 's just some people and to be honest i do n't understand why we 're even still talking . . 
  this is just a website , not real life . 
  i just do n't find trollx posts to be interesting anymore , that 's it . 
  the immaturity , really , is shown by other things and i 'm sorry if i sound petulant to you . 
  did n't mean it . 
  i think there 's better music to play to be honest ... 
  hope you feel better about yourself now . 
  i really like the premiere rhapsodie by debussy . 
  my girlfriend is a clarinetist and it 's one of her `` strong pieces '' eheh, 
  but broccoli is really good for your health !, 
  music education in britain is n't that poor ... 
  i met plenty of music students from gb and they 're all really good players . 
  then , if we talk about trying to get new public through the schools well ... good luck with that !, 
  there 's so much prejudice against classical music and the way it is generally portrayed by the media is ridiculous . 
  it is also true that concerts are n't cheap , british orchestras are underpayed and do n't have time to rehearse . 
  if you invest in music then people are going to get great concerts and will be more interested in classical music , if you impose it in schools you 're just getting students to hate it ( because ultimately it 's the job of the teacher to get his/her students interested in the subject ), 
  well , fast trains slow down in proximity of crossings and urban areas ... you 'd never see a european train pass a crossing at 250 ... 
  a poet , gabriele d'annunzio , was born in my town . 
  also , we got bombed both by allied forces and nazis during wwii . 
  since when has people 's judgement started to matter ? 
  if i wan na wear a fedora i do n't give a shit if someone dislikes it . 
  'cause i do n't need their worthless approval !, 
  as a european , i guess eu people are better at not getting found out :-p, 
  it should n't matter . 
  you 're allowed to do whatever you want , especially not taking people comments to the extreme . 
  i 'm not saying what people are allowed to do or not . 
  if you wan na wear a certain kind of glasses , just do it . 
  who cares what people think !, 
  even your mother !, 
  do you think women in the 50s cared about what bigots though of their mini skirts ? 
  come on ... 
  to be honest , if i were you i 'd just wear the hat and enjoy it . 
  some people may dislike it but so what ? 
  i ca n't please everyone ... and why should i even try ? 
  why do you care if someone is so stupid to dislike you on the basis of a hat or a pair of glasses ? 
  it 's a genuine question :-) and sorry if you felt attacked , was n't my intention ;-), 
  i understand your point but i think i think people should be less judgemental about clothing , in general . 
  i 'm italian , people adores our clothes , but i wear them because i like them and i am not having an advantage over someone else because of my shirts . . 
  i live in sweden were people are so liberal and it 's glorious . 
  it depends where you go ... 
  i 'm from a place a little north of this guy 's hometown and we sure get our tomato sauce from farmers . 
  i even buy organic olive oil from the local farmers instead of the super market bottles . 
  in big towns like rome and milan it 's a little harder to do this kind of thing ... 
  do n't be too jealous !, 
  i had to move to sweden 2 years ago ... 
  but i go back every now and then to see the family ( if you know what i mean ... ) and buy some food supplies . 
  enjoy california ;-), 
  berlusconi is just a product of a historical problem that has its roots in years even before the unification of italy . . 
  just because you do n't pay the pizzo north of rome , it does n't mean that corruption gets any better in milan than in naples . 
  i do n't think i have to remind you of all the corrupt politics going on in the north and the on-going , deep collusion with the mafia . 
  i think a good step forward would be to grow up as a population and stop pointing fingers at each other . 
  you just sit on it and use the waterjet and soap to clean yourself . 
  it 's not rocket science, 
  well i suppose you can avoid soap if you want , yeah, 
  in orchestra auditions this days you find yourself competing with 150 + applicants for one position :-( i got in the final round in malm\u00f6 some months ago and we were 189 in the first, 
  well what they say is that if you make a law about environmental protection and some company finds this is hurting their profits , they can sue you . 
  basically bye bye green economy . 
  the third one dude ... 
  i 'm sorry for him ... 
  it takes a lot of energy to keep an international solo career going , and mistakes happen . 
  we 're humans and i challenge everyone to be travelling every day and performing so often ... 
  i wish the video had english subtitles ... 
  i 'll be auditioning for this orchestra in a couple of weeks . . 
  wish me luck !, 
  thank you !, 
  i 'll definitely open a thread if i get the trial period :-d, 
  and what about those cows producing more milk and plants growing faster when exposed to classical music ? 
  i understand how you feel ... 
  i was playing brahms requiem last sunday and the atmosphere in the audience was pretty tense since the paris attacks literally just happened . 
  they did n't even clap when the conductor came on stage after our manager gave a short speech . 
  we started playing in complete silence and i could feel how everyone was emotionally involved . 
  it was really a touching concert , but i felt like we were giving voice to an old culture that 's ending . . 
  i see more and more orchestras closing and less people interested in our cultural tradition and i ask myself what 's going to be of the world in the future , if we give up what represents our identity ? 
  i saw one girl who wrote in her profile `` i 'm here because i ca n't afford a vibrator '' . 
  i swiped right . 
  really ? 
  i 've even seen ladies writing dtf ( i 'm in sweden ), 
  yeah !, 
  and they looove southern europeans eheh, 
  you 'll love tchaikovsky 4th symphony i think !,
