  have you ever tried to run wearing road bike shoes ? 
  those things are hard to walk on , imagine running at that speed, 
  siena and its surroundings are truly beautiful . 
  i would take the time to see them . 
  maybe even book lunch or , even better , dinner at the `` osteria le logge '' . 
  one of the best restaurants i 've ever been to ( i 'm not being payed to say this ) . 
  i go to siena every summer and always find new , beautiful places in it . 
  it 's very touristic but not insane like florence . 
  if you go by car , follow the directions to the stadium 's parking . 
  i find it the best place to leave your car . 
  then you just walk from there . 
  those bikes are so expensive it 's not even funny . 
  i would n't be surprised if some will be missing after the games, 
  the queen of sweden looks like a lot of other swedish girls . 
  do n't get me wrong she 's a 10/10 but nothing out of the ordinary in her country . 
  sorry man . . hope you recover quick !, 
  do n't you need to be a registered student to access eduroam ? 
  . . you sneaky motherfucker ... 
  i am going to be really pragmatic , so i hope not to hurt your feelings . 
  i 'm sorry for your situation . . 
  consider this though . 
  i would consult a lawyer before doing anything . 
  a good professional will be able to help you both with the work situation and everything else . 
  also , consider that your name as a freelancer would be affected by dropping out of the project , even if you refund the company you 're working for . 
  i am a freelancer in a different field and i 'd never consider dropping out of something . 
  i would have really bad repercussions and it would suck for you to even have to go through this after the breakup !, 
  even if you hate this project , i 'd advise you to get it finished , and finished well . 
  this is your revenge for the shit you 're going through . 
  i like being kind of strong and being able to sort of defend myself in some situations . 
  you do n't know your neighbours like , at all ? 
  i always say hi ... 
  if they think i 'm a creep because of this i do n't care, 
  even just a smile !, 
  a honest smile and nod and they will feel better too, 
  my aunt was in rio a few years ago and got dragged out of her car and on the road by someone who grabbed her wrist watch at a stop light . 
  the watch had a gold wrist band that broke when the guy grabbed it and penetrated my aunts skin , getting stuck in it . 
  so , better to give them what they want because those thieves are worst than hyenas, 
  assholes nordic italians *, 
  stay strong , there will be better times . 
  one day you 'll be back to your venezuela and build a beautiful country . 
  we 're not scared at all ... 
  if you visit italy you 'll see plenty of people eating burgers and ethnic plates from around the world ( especially in the big towns , you can find really specialised restaurants ) . 
  but in the end , when you go out with friends it 's difficult to find something that everybody likes that 's not pizza or other italian dishes , simply because foreign kitchens are so different from ours that we must get used to them . 
  also , the average italian is very concerned about the quality of their food and it 's clear that american fast food chains , chinese restaurants etc do n't serve as good food as the small family run trattoria you 've known for 20 years , that takes pride into finding the best tomatoes not the cheapest . 
  it 's yuuuuge, 
  definitely i do n't think the ethnic food in italy is bad per say , but i had much better thai , indian and arabic in sweden and the uk . 
  i do n't know why , but as you say our national products are of great quality most of the time . 
  also , we cook !, 
  i was so surprised to find out that so many north americans almost never cook, 
  eeeeeh not so fast ... where you live is very important . 
  low pollution and good quality food can only be found in some places nowadays . 
  bel video !, 
  way to go sverige !!, 
  you fucking champion !, 
  i left my number to a cashier who was always hitting on me . 
  as you 're saying , i wrote it down before hand and mixed the note with the money when i payed . 
  she called me on the same day !, 
  worst case scenario , he just does n't call and that 's it , nothing has to get too awkward i think, 
  my guess is that the model is close to 60 actually . . look at his face !, 
  more like steal your wife, 
  is this diet something you made yourself or have you consulted a specialist ? 
  last time i went through a diet i was eating much more than this and losing 1kg a week ... 
  kudos to you for the life change !, 
  be careful though because by eating so little your metabolism is going to slow down , and that sucks because you 're going to have to cut even more . . 
  i understand your feeling but man , maybe actual italian pasta is different from the american version , but i was losing a ton of weight eating pasta every day and pizza once a week !, 
  think about it ;-) and keep up the good work man !, 
  keep it up man !, 
  you 're doing great :-d, 
  math functions !, 
  in sweden they opted for even better solutions . 
  the bike lanes are part of the sidewalk , so there 's a really clear separation and you never have to ride along with cars and trams . . 
  car entries on the sidewalk ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  like if they have to access a garage or something ? 
  they always stop and let you pass , here . . 
  when you have to cross , you always have the right of way on your bike , and drivers always stop ( sometimes even when you are just standing there checking where to go ) . 
  pedestrian too take a lot of care and stay in their `` lane '' . 
  thank you for explaining this better than i could !, 
  i 'm not swedish but i 'm loving life in g\u00f6teborg so much that i 'd never want to leave !, 
  i really do n't know what hw3 could be about , to be honest . 
  i 'd like to start it little time past hw2 and lead the hiigarans to the unexplored parts of the galaxy , maybe, 
  thanks for the post !, 
  it made me happy and sad at the same time though ... 
  i left italy for sweden almost 3 years ago because i could n't find a job in my field ( classical music ) . 
  i am lucky there 's a bunch of international people who i can hang out here because , despite being very outgoing and open minded ( at least i was told so ) i seem to not be able to make swedish friends . 
  i know right, 
  i know nobody who 's not gone through this . . for me , it works to let myself do what i want . 
  go for a walk , bike ride , whatever and then come back and try to practice, 
  `` aquarium tropical fish are the product of generations of inbreeding though ... 
  even though sometimes you get lucky and get some really strong ones . 
  i have had a bunch of rhodostomus for almost 7 years before they started dying of old age ! '', 
  i do n't know , man ... 
  everywhere , really . . 
  ca n't see it on mobile for some reason ? 
  it 's incredible to see how you feel lucky with these working hours , as a european in scandinavia . . 
  oh , personally i work 20-25 hours per week for more than 3k $ ... ok maybe my job is n't representative of the majority of the population ( not at all actually , i 'm an orchestral musician ) but i have friends who work 30hrs and make more . 
  if i was american i 'd seriously consider to move here . 
  i am not scandinavian !, 
  i moved here from italy . 
  if you have a degree or work experience you could just start to apply for jobs here , i know americans who moved here and it 's easier than what you might think .
