  custom john smith, 
  bdoubleo100 suggested to not partner with others than youtube , or , if you do chose another network , to carefully read the contract and possibly hire a lawyer for having him to analize it , because some big youtubers [ who he did n't name ] are having problems with their partners , because machinima ign etc can decide to reduce the money they give you at any time . 
  it 's very cool !, 
  are you making this for a server or just for fun ? 
  add some leaves as plants around the place , if you like, 
  try the old versions until you find what works with your pc ... 
  i had the same problem when i updated to the latest version , and the one right before it works . 
  have you tried redownloading the game from scratch ? 
  delete everything [ make backups first ] and see what it does, 
  no problem dude , glad your game works now . 
  i had the same problem and it was bloody annoying !, 
  it looks fantastic !, 
  i can run bf3 ad 70fps and still ca n't handle the shaders at more than 30fps in a normal world on far render distance . 
  and i have 4 gigs of vram, 
  it 's awesome !, 
  in the worldsave the speed for the player is set up on a much higher value than 1 though xd feels like 5 to me, 
  it 's cool but i would have used more stairs to smooth the roof , 
  oh please ... 
  and by the way did you seriously create an account just to hate on me ? 
  what a guy, 
  where 's the link ? 
  that windmill house is exactly the same seen in your erasia town , is it ? 
  it 's nice btw, 
  i usually wait to finish the exterior before beginning the interior , it 's strange to see this ahah no offense of course !, 
  anyway you could change the shape a bit , it looks like a cube ... 
  i really like the stairs btw, 
  yes it 's a very nice design  glad you did n't take my comment as an offensive one !, 
  they do n't work with the vanilla texture pack, 
  avast is blocking a malware for me as well , but it detects it as a . gif file when i open magic launcher . . do n't know what is going on here, 
  wow !, 
  it 's awesome :d, 
  this poll does n't consider the possibility of adding new building tools such as blocks , commands , custom light ... why not ? 
  why do we all have to be interested in the survival aspect only ? 
  i love it !, 
  well , actually this designs work very well with that texture pack and many others , i think . 
  they are still designs , and one might like them or not , but i do n't understand your point . 
  why , in the first place , should something look good in all textures ? 
  that 's nearly impossible and it 's not the point of `` building '' . 
  we build around the texture pack we 're using , if we do n't then we 're wrong because we do n't use all the potential of the textures . 
  in vanilla minecraft , you ca n't . 
  unless fire spread is off or you play in creative . 
  if you play in creative , you can put fire inside item frames :p, 
  i use shaders for my screenshots even though i get 17 fps while using them lol, 
  holy moses !, 
  tobi you sure you have n't been building this stuff by yourself ? 
  lol anyway your friend is as talented as you are, 
  alright :d yeah i can see that he 's awesome but dude do n't talk like this about you , you 've been and you 're a real teacher to some of us , 
  no actual impressive build ? 
  lmao, 
  yeah you can download this on planet minecraft , just search for the eldaria custom map by aurelien_sama, 
  yeah ... we use this map on our creative server , it is very inspiring yet difficult to work with . 
  it 's so beautiful that you want to leave it as untouched as possible, 
  you actually made me laugh , after all this made up stories xd, 
  it 's awesome it looks like the old gare d'orsay in paris , which is now a museum for those who do n't know , 
  if you have a 120mhz monitor , trust me , you can `` see '' more than 60 fps . 
  the difference is huge . 
  i remember playing on my old laptop and enjoying 45-70fps with a 60mhz screen , now with my 120mhz monitor i feel like everything is stuttering if i go under 80fps, 
  i 've been in many , many cheap hotels around europe in the last 2 years and man , i did n't have a single silent night ahahah there 's always someone having super loud sex, 
  does n't matter had sex . 
  well . . 
  i do n't know where are you from , but the italian crisis is n't about people 's debt . 
  we italians are very conservative about our money , we never spend more than what we gain , and never invest in something that we ca n't afford . 
  most of the italian people own their houses thanks to their parents , who bought them during the economic boom beetween the 60s and the 70s , plus the majority of people have life long contracts for their job . 
  the problem is that after the wall street issues a few months ago , banks started to ask more and more interestes to their debtors , giving less and less loans to the small businesses , up to the point where most of the private industry started to collapse . 
  you see , italian economy is n't based upon big companies , we grow and live thanks to small investments and family businesses . 
  what we really need , actually , is to lower taxes . 
  we ca n't keep paying 60 % of our income in taxes , it 's just too much . 
  same for gasoline . 
  today gas is sold at 1.9 + $ per liter , that 's almost 8 $ per gallon , and most of the transportation here is done with trucks , not with trains . 
  also , the privatization of goods like electricity etc did n't work , because instead of bringing competition beetween companies , it brought rises in the bills and poor service . 
  since members of the parliament are highly economicly involved in this companies , and do n't allow for a control system which would prevent them from choosing the worst ways of making money . 
  it basically is a big mess that ca n't be solved by austerity , nor loans to the state . 
  we people just need to go back to be able to afford our old lifestyle , thus moving the economy back up, 
  you too made a good point , but i have the feeling that we would n't agree on what really are important services . 
  what are importants services ? 
  health care ? 
  public transports ? 
  school ? 
  research ? 
  what has been cut in italy in the last months are this things . 
  they did n't touch politics and their income [ do you know that president obama gains less than the average member of the italian parliament ? 
  we have 600 people in the parliament + 300 senators ] , they did n't reduce financial aids to private school [ actually they rised them a bit ] , but they did cut public school `` costs '' for quiete some billions . 
  they cut resarch , which in our country only exists thanks to public aids , since the privates are not interested in that like in the united states . 
  research is the future of our country , like education : it brings us up on the podium of the rich and competitive nations of the world . 
  that 's gone . 
  and how much debt will our families take to take care of their grand parents , in nation made of 50 + years old people ? 
  they still wan na buy new [ and proven to be unreliable ] jets for the airforce though . 
  did n't know we had to fight the germans again . 
  they also stopped hiring in the justice section . 
  in some towns , there 's less than half judges than what are needed . 
  suddenly , you see that there 's no actual plan to exit the crisis and go back to wealth , but there 's a sinister will to de-industrialize italy and lower its competitiveness . 
  eventually , french and german companies are going to buy our services , we will pay our bills to them . 
  italy is like a pizza who 's being divided in small slices and sold to the best offer ;-) i know it sounds very conspiracy theory-ish , and i do n't want to think like this , but i can smell what 's happening looking at greece and south america . 
  in greece , almost all the production of greek yogurt is now owned by germans . 
  and that 's one of the biggest industries down there . 
  we will see what they 'll get here , since we have a proper economy . . 
  oh , by the way , your comment got downvoted . 
  it was n't me , 
  they could have done it , though . 
  they had the time to cut those jobs but they did n't .
