  but yeah i know the pyrenees are beautiful mountains and there 's some nice ski-resorts as well , but the alps ... man , the alps !, 
  yeah siberia is fine i had a friend who went working there for a few months . 
  he said it 's beautiful but there 's not a whole lot to do , it 's too cold at night to stay out and days are quiete short . 
  also , i think you 're better off going to alaska or finland . . there 's more `` civilization '' in this places . 
  lappony is awesome , i heard , 
  sorry if you 've found unpleasant people . 
  italians are known throughtout the world for their kindness to foreigners , but you have to be nice to us , 
  it is expensive , yeah . . 
  i 've been studying there for 3 years , god knows how much i spent . 
  eh , thanks  maybe i 'll get used to it , or come back when things are better , 
  i know i know . . northern spain is a beautiful place , i 've been there as i am half spanish  i have to say that the basque country is also very nice , i think, 
  it got worse with the years , i think ... 
  when i first went there i was 13 [ 12 years ago . . 
  and i 've loved it !, 
  now it 's been 3 years studying there and it 's not the same anymore , but i guess that for an american it should be a must to visit it . 
  at least for what the city has represented for centuries !, 
  the eldaria map works for survival . 
  there 's wood and caves etc. . . it was done before 1.7 though , so you 'll not get the new features unless you travel outside of the main island [ the map is huge ], 
  the balkans are perfectly fine if you travel along the coastline . 
  that 's where tourists go , so it 's kept safe ... 
  i do n't know about the internal parts though . 
  croatia and slovenia are fine now , montenegro is a fantastic place , albania is still iffy , i do n't really know much about macedonia . 
  kosovo is n't yet recognized as a country by a few nations , but they say it 's fine . . 
  overall , from what i can see from italy , we do n't have a lot of immigrants coming from the ex-jugoslavia anymore [ they used to arrive everyday on small boats . . ] . 
  tourism is growing for them because the land is beautiful and stuff is cheap . 
  maybe you 've been lucky about your turkish experience or i just happen to have heard just the bad stuff !, 
  how was lebanon ? 
  it used to be such a rich and free country ... now they 're struggling , really :(, 
  edit : a typo . 
  i was working for a company that builds wooden roofes . 
  i was placing the first layer of planks and screwing them on the structure while the head of my electric screw-driver fell off , down to the balcony of the last floor of the building . 
  so i went down the angled [ 40 \u00b0 ] roof to get it , but somehow placed a foot badly and fell down . 
  i thought i was going to die , in the end i just got a broken foot and a very , very sore back that kept me unable to walk for a couple months . 
  the building was 4 floors tall , so i roughly fell for 16 meters and landed on solid concrete , on my feet . 
  ** tl ; dr ** i 've fallen from a 16meters tall building on concrete and ended up with just a broken foot and sore back . 
  such as a bit of sun ? 
  dude , at least you can have a job in norway . 
  heh , you can imagine me , italian . 
  i 'm leaving tomorrow morning for sweden . 
  i have a one way ticket , 
  thanks !, 
  sort of . . 
  i 'm going to do my second master . 
  i will get a degree in orchestra performance , and i hope to find a place in an orchestra or a teaching position in scandinavia , while finishing the masters programme . 
  i am a semi-professional musician  the job market is rough , the competition is fierce , especially for my instrument ( flute ) . 
  just a month ago a friend of mine attended an audition for a job in switzerland . 
  there were 110 flutists at the first round ... but very few people come to scandinavia to audition , except for the big orchestras like the swedish radio or oslo philarmonic , so it 's a bit easier to find a job and keep it . 
  i 'll see , it 's better to try than to cry in a few years  plus , i 'm enrolled in one of the most prestigious orchestra programmes in the eu , one ca n't say i am a bad flutist :p, 
  yes !, 
  i know , that 's why i go to scandinavia . 
  the economic stability plus the social system make it very appealing for me . 
  althogh i have a close friend who 's been kicked out of the swedish radio orchestra [ but she was being a bit silly during rehearsal , apparently ] . 
  also , i like the place quiete a bit . 
  a month ago i took the oslo-gothenburg train and i was stunned by the environment !, 
  i 'll see , as i said , better to try now that i 've been offered this opportunity . 
  yeah man !, 
  and i ca n't wait to check out lappony as well !, 
  damn your place looks good ahahaha i guess it 's super appealing for me because i 'm used to a very beautiful yet super-urbanized landscape , while there you can see some actual wilderness . 
  thanks by the way !, 
  confession bear : i honestly think i had enough of command blocks . 
  in the end , i got 20 upvotes , so a lot of people think the same as i do , 
  it 's looks great !, 
  it just needs some tall grass here and there :d, 
  wow ... amazing !, 
  the italian constitution states `` italy is one and undivisible '' so it would be illegal for this `` venetia '' to separate from the rest of the country . 
  also , this referendum is just bullshit because the venetians feel so cool about being born in that place and think they 're carrying italy on their shoulders . 
  truth to be told , they would survive a few weeks without the help of rome , they would n't even be where they are without all the immigrants that came from southern italy in the past . 
  and less than 20 % of voters actually voted , guess why . . because the other 80 % is not prone to this separatist bullshit . 
  it 's just bullshit ... 
  the regional council can regognize what it wants but this is all illegal and the venetians should feel ashamed of what 's happening . 
  you want to be `` indipendent '' ? 
  ok let 's go back to 1861 's economic and living conditions , aka before unified italy saved your ass from the austrians . 
  fucking ungrateful pricks, 
  not true ... the situation is getting worse and worse . 
  i 've been offended so many times by northeners because i 'm from the south , that now that i 'm studying in sweden , i pretend to not being italian when there 's northern italians around me . 
  i prefer to hang around finnish people instead of this assholes who ca n't even speak proper italian , thanks . 
  nobody is sucking on the tit of fucking venezia , which by the way has been turned in a goddamn dump for americans . 
  who where the people that in tha 60s came to northern italy to work their butts off , ha ? 
  who was called terrone and could n't even enter bars or rent a house sometimes ? 
  you fucking already forgot right ? 
  it was only 50 years ago , but everyone has a very short memory when it comes to prove who 's got the biggest balls ... and please , for the love of god , forget about the republica veneta , it 's a long gone dream and an indipendent venetia is just another dream of some fascist prick . 
  they just had to do it ... they ca n't just take the passport , they have to write a report about it and about you and how you find it . 
  it 's not about being suspicious , that 's the law forcing them to do so . 
  and it 's quiete normal also , if you think about it . 
  they have to make sure you 're honest . 
  but the girl at pressbyr\u00e5n always tries to make me speak swedish :p she loves it when i get what she 's saying, 
  it 's beautiful !, 
  really good job dude !, 
  amazing :d thanks for sharing !, 
  very nice album also , 
  awesome, 
  we need fifty shades of gray, 
  wow it looks so nice !, 
  thanks for sharing , 
  really amazing ... wow, 
  actually , there 's been an heartquake near my place , a few years ago . 
  the houses that resisted the best and did n't fall down are made of bricks , just like this , a few of them 100 + years old . 
  they said it 's because this structures are flexible and absorb energy in a better way than concrete . 
  the town that got destroyed is called l'aquila , by the way , just in case you want to check , 
  . . the feels,
