  guess why ? 
  ahah nope . . in sicily there are very few forests , actually , but since it 's very hot they catch fire quiete easily and need to be taken care of . 
  but the mafia has a very strong power over the politics , so they influence everything in order to place people who they fancy at this jobs . 
  sometimes the employes do n't even work , but still get the money, 
  well of course you 're told what colour to paint your house , in certain places , since they have an extreme historic and aesthetic value . 
  you ca n't espect to be able to paint your house green in the center of rome or to build a huge villa on a untouched coastline . 
  you in the states maybe do n't understand why , because there 's plenty of un-used space in your country . 
  our peninsula is much smaller than florida and has gone through almost 3000 years of civilization . 
  we basically have built everywhere , and we do n't want to ruin this small places that are left . 
  yeah , probably there 's more high level corruption here than in greece . 
  as a young citizen , the best thing i can do is go away , like all of my friends are doing . 
  there 's nothing for us here , really . 
  and it 's not just about the mafia , it 's just the society that it 's centered around age . 
  at 40 you 're still considered `` young '' , here . 
  and yeah the one about the germans was a joke man :p, 
  dude , we are competitive . 
  when you want the best food products in europe you buy ours , when you want clothes you buy ours . 
  and we used to be competitive on a purely industrial way too [ tubes , machinery , weapons ] , simply because of thousands of small businessess that pruduced a few things each , but with lots of quality . 
  i mean in the 90s we prduced combat choppers for the states , not the contrary . 
  same goes for guns , furniture of all kinds . . italian design has been a worldwide best inf many ways and for many years . 
  ask your parents if you 're in your 20s . . now it seems that people tend to think that we 're just like greece , a nation of farmers . 
  actually , i did n't vote . 
  i missed the elections by one day , having to go to france for work . 
  if i voted , i probably would have choosen the `` clown '' party created by beppe grillo . 
  he sure is a bit of a comedian , but his program was the only one actually saying how they want stuff to be done . 
  the other parties kept on going with sentences like `` infrastructural reforms '' , without going deep into practical stuff . 
  also , the 5 stars movement is composed of professionals who have actually worked in their lifes and succeded in what they did , not a bunch of ex terrorists or people that started politics to avoid prison . 
  in all honesty , i do n't know . 
  i think that there 's a strong chance that we will find a way , some time , to colonize other planets and in the end maybe even the galaxy , unless we find other races that we ca n't exterminate [ 'cause we would , you know it ] . 
  either we 'll exist for such a long time that we ca n't be considered humans anymore , or we 'll die of pollution on our planet . 
  i honestly think that the vehicle disable feature is killing my appeal for the largest maps . 
  i love being infantry , but i also like to grab a tank and smash people faces . 
  the fact that you can be one hit disabled , though , makes me want to smash my keyboard . 
  it 's nonsense , in a game . 
  i think that tanks should feel more `` armored '' and give the ablity to a fairly skilled player to brute force through the enemy team , and thus break the spawnrape situations that often happen in this game . 
  instead , dice made tanks quiete easy to take out . 
  couple rpg 's in the ass and you 're done . 
  because let 's face it , once you 're disabled you 're gone , against skilled players . 
  at the same time , the obsession for huge maps has made conquest much less enjoyable than before . 
  there ca n't be team play in armored kill as well as there is n't in cq . 
  the maps are simply too large , so large that you 're just another bit of meat to own for the enemy chopper/tank/jet . 
  ak maps would be good on 128 servers , tbh . 
  that 's the difference beetween very good musicians and geniuses . 
  a very good musician will play everything in-tune , a genius is going to play slightly out of tune , ironically sounding more `` in tune '' than the previous ones . 
  the same note in different keys has different meanings , this is a fact , and its pitch is influenced by this . 
  therefore , if you ignore this statement and you play everything like a machine , it 's like you 're ignoring the key in witch you 're playing . 
  still good , but not awesome . 
  hyperspace . 
  the ability to reach every point in the universe in a close to 0 time . 
  it would be , also , by far the most useful of the mentioned ... [ portal guns ? 
  come on dude ], 
  hyperspace traveling , actually , is instant . 
  at least in science-fiction . . 
  i 'm not a phisicist though , so i do n't know if and how it can be used, 
  yeah ... 
  i was pretty surprised too , to see that i was the only one to think about it . 
  i guess that the newer generations do n't know science fiction at all . 
  most of the stuff that we 're talking about is impossible or already existing ahah, 
  hyperspace travelling is instant , space does n't matter in the hyperspace  if you can travel through it , every point in the universe becomes infinitely close, 
  and it 's a good thing ... ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  you ca n't go faster than light , unless you find a way to exit this universe and re-enter it in another place, 
  it 's also possible that life has such a rare chance to appear that no-one has yet developed ftl travel , or they have but millions of years ago and now they 're exinct . 
  or that building a ftl spaceship is such a difficult task , that most intelligent life has gone through exinction before developing it . 
  go read the book , it 's much better . 
  i really do n't know . . we 're old ? 
  this is utterly awesome !, 
  i did n't know it , thanks to the freaking italian newspapers that do n't give any info whatsoever ... thanks a lot , i 'll read more about this :d, 
  i totally agree . 
  also , hyperdrive could actually be the real thing about tech development . 
  could you imagine the implications ? 
  just to get to have a hyperdrive equipped spaceship , we 'll have to overcome several tech problems , but once we have it we really can call our selves `` intelligent '' . 
  or we will brake some thousands of years galactic law who prevents our race to use hyperdrive , lol ... sort of like in the videogame homeworld, 
  yeah . . 
  i 'm reading this article about the nasa working on hyperdrive . 
  apparently you need 500kg of antimatter to open a 10 meter wide `` warp bubble '' and travel through it at 10 times the speed of light . 
  500kg of exotic matter is a lot , for us , now ... 
  but in the future , who knows ? 
  i hope i can see the first hyperspace flight during my lifetime . . that would be the best thing in the world . 
  would n't it be even nicer to be a part of a big republic like the ones described by asimov ? 
  born somewhere , go to the university on the earth and discover the history behind this old planet , who might be the origin of humankind ? 
  i really hope we 're not alone , dude . . can you imagine ? 
  if we 're alone in this galaxy then there 's a great number of galaxies which might be completely lacking of intelligent life , or any life whatsoever . 
  it 's quiete sad imo, 
  sometimes it 's very difficult to understand how can you enjoy sex without an orgasm , for us guys . 
  for most of us , the orgasm is like the whole point of doing sex . 
  and thanks to the recent social view on sex , if you do n't cum we 're idiots . 
  it 's not like we just fail , we 're total imbecils who do n't understand shit about women and their needs . 
  does n't feel good . 
  and do n't think you 're good at sex just because he cums everytime thanks to penetration , 'cause he 's trying to do the work for you and for him . 
  and do n't fake orgasms ffs . . just talk to him, 
  my ex-gf [ 5 years relationship ] used to ask me to say what i was thinking during sex , how it felt etc. . . thruth is , i was n't thinking anything but trying to give her the nicest possible feelings . 
  i was quiete because i was `` listening '' to her . . we 're very in need to please you , and it 's quiete difficult sometimes to resist enough for it . 
  sorry . . it 's just mother nature working against women pleasure sometimes :(, 
  also , maybe you do n't care , but most of us hate when you talk during sexy time ... `` i love you '' `` do this and that '' or other short sentences are ok but i knew a girl that was almost having a conversation with me ffs . 
  turned me so off, 
  ahaha my ex-gf used to block me everytime ... in 5 years i managed to go down on her once or twice , for real . 
  no blowjobs as well . 
  how could i resist without blowjobs for almost 5 years is a mistery . 
  you say `` oh yeah , do n't stop '' and we 're like `` do n't stop what ?
