  can i keep using the same tubes ? 
  thanks !, 
  hey i have the same kind of proportions , what bike did you get in the end ? 
  they 're one year old tubes . 
  but i have n't had the chance to ride much at all on them this year , because i had to leave the bike behind while working in another country . 
  i think they have something like 200-250km on them . . 
  the reason why i 'm thinking of changing tyres is because i want to ride more gravel ( mostly fine and compacted ) . 
  i can just get new tubes , i just would n't want to have my old ones go to waste . 
  do you reckon 200km is enough to just change them ? 
  / unjerk dude but seriously 5k calories ? 
  holy shit, 
  add a tea spoon of salt to the mix , try it !, 
  also there 's no actual need for sugar to activate the yeast but i like to add some honey to my pizza dough ( i mix it with water and yeast then add it to the flour ) . 
  source : am italian, 
  shhhh do n't go around telling everyone how good we have it !, 
  i whistle loudly . 
  seems to work !, 
  had a close call with one of those guys once . . 
  i was riding with my friend on old crappy bikes and here comes a guy in full lycra from the other direction . 
  we were on a pretty narrow cycle path and he hit my friend 's handlebar with his leg . 
  i think he was doing at least 40km/h . . luckily nobody fell but the guy ended up with a nice hole in his shorts and a bleeding leg . . 
  i mean , i love to go fast and train etc as well , but do n't do it on a cycle path in the city centre . 
  what if a kid just run across the path ? 
  it could just be tension in your abs . 
  i am no experienced rider nor doctor , but i worked with my breathing all my life ( professional concert flute player ) . 
  if your abs are tense because of the ride , your diaphragm can not push down your guts and let the lungs expand enough to give you that `` fullness '' feeling of deep breathing . 
  we often think of breathing in as `` sucking '' the air in , it 's actually the opposite . 
  the diaphragm extends , pushing guts down and extending the lungs effectively lowering the pressure inside of them . 
  then air comes in because of the atmospheric pressure . 
  i 'd look for another doctor just in case , and do stretching after your rides . 
  do n't think much about breathing because the diaphragm is an involuntary muscle , the thing you can consciously try is thinking of pushing your belly out when inhaling and in when exhaling . 
  siena is fantastic and totally walkable , but it 's lacking green areas . 
  there 's basically no parks in town and if you get out of the urban area it 's all farms and private properties . 
  it 's beautiful nevertheless . 
  i think in italy we lack that `` park culture '' they have in north america and scandinavia , our territory is so urbanised that you have to go quite a ways out of town to find a bit of real wilderness , unless you live in a mountainous area . 
  oh , really ? 
  they 're such good guys . . / s, 
  at what level are you at ? 
  are you doing auditions for professional positions , master degrees ? 
  first find a pianist , someone who is interested in chamber music and with who you easily agree musically and on a personal level . 
  look around the music schools like royal academy , guildhall ... 
  i do n't know if it 's looked upon to email/meet a professor asking for available students , in the uk . 
  you could already come forward with an idea ( like let 's play french composers with this or that style or whatever you like ) . 
  then for venues i 'm pretty confident there 's a lot of churches in london where you could ask to be hosted . 
  why do you fucking go kill them if you think they 're beautiful ? 
  no dude , this is not like deer !, 
  this kind of tuna is endangered and almost extinct . 
  nothing comparable with deer . 
  there 's actually too many deers because there 's not enough wolves hunting them . 
  i do n't remember what 's the specific name of this event , but i also get it quite often . 
  i remember reading it 's quite common and it occurs for different reasons . 
  i get it when playing/listening to music i like , flirting with a girl , after a hard climb . . 
  i know a lot of people who experience this too !, 
  it 's basically a rush of hormones . 
  friend played with him at the concertgebouw in amsterdam , and she said he conducted all rehearsals and had very clear technique during rehearsals . 
  also , he changed shirt at every break ahah, 
  i guess he 's not the same everywhere, 
  seems like he does n't really like uk/us orchestras ? 
  money i think . 
  edit : also you know , sometimes you do n't have much of a choice . 
  he probably has a contract with one or more agencies that shape his career . 
  you say groups of dogs only form when forced by humans . 
  then why , when a few years ago an earthquake destroyed a city in my region , the dogs who were left by themselves after their owners died formed packs that now live in the abandoned city centre ? 
  they go around town as a group and are often lead by a breed of dog called `` abruzzo 's shepherd '' . 
  in this situation the humans left/died in the disaster and dogs spontaneously formed packs . 
  viola hate originates from an old tradition . 
  musicians who could n't make it with the violin for whatever reason switched to the viola because of its harmonic support role . 
  not easier but definitely less exposed . 
  oh man , felt like you are for a girl i met recently . . 
  but i am now moving to another country for a few months and she does n't want to be together anymore . 
  enjoy every second you have with her !, 
  keeping my head a little lower and looking up with my eyes helped me a bunch at the beginning . 
  then i guess my neck got stronger after some days of riding, 
  wtf !?!? 
  ok thanks !, 
  the gestalt 2 is equipped with 1x10 sram x7 drive train at the same price of the caadx with tiagra 2x10 . 
  it also has mechanical disc brakes . 
  reading at all the specifics the price of the caadx seems more justified , but i thought someone with more experience could suggest something . 
  i just want a good bike :-), 
  but it 's so good . 
  it was great but a little out of tune , sorry . . we 'll keep in touch . 
  overweight does n't mean obese !, 
  it 's the 2017 model , with promax 330r mechanical disc brakes . 
  i guess i have to bring the bicycle to a shop . . 
  sorry , it 's promax 330r mechanical disc brakes !, 
  i forgot to mention . 
  do you think i can try to align the caliper by myself ? 
  the shop were i bought the bike is 300km away and here in finland you get charged 10 $ for mounting freaking mudguards . . 
  thanks for the answer !, 
  the bend is definitely noticeable . . is the alignment something i can try to do myself ? 
  the shop were i got the bike is 300km away and here in finland they 'd charge me quite a bit for their work . 
  if it 's something i can do myself i 'd rather save some bucks, 
  i adjusted the fixed pad but i ca n't release the cable to adjust the other pad without using quite a bit of strength . 
  the part of the caliper where this bolt is on moves around and i 'm afraid of bending it or something . . 
  thanks for the help !, 
  i 'll find a good shop in town to fix this better, 
  they are mechanical !, 
  what happens is that the moving pad presses the rotor against a fixed pad that 's too far , so the rotor bends . 
  i tried adjusting the fixed pad yesterday but it 's only a little better . 
  for comparison , there 's no visible bending in the rear brake .
