  there 's even plenty of companies who took english rather than swedish as their official language . 
  just pm me if you need any info !, 
  sure !, 
  / r/sweden is very open to foreigners too :-), 
  your italian is n't totally correct but i found it quite beautiful , where are you from ? 
  you 're welcome !, 
  hope to visit australia one day, 
  i really like his flute concertos , they 're energetic and lively !, 
  lulu suite by berg ? 
  i love that piece it 's so intense !, 
  ps : happy birthday !, 
  it is a hard piece is n't it ? 
  really nice to play though :-d, 
  yeah and what about all the italians ? 
  i think you saw my post ? 
  one of the best recordings of these concertos is from patrick gallois and the swedish chamber orchestra . 
  check it out on naxoslibrary if you have access to it ;-), 
  do people actually pay for this ? 
  are you going to distribute this in europe too ? 
  love his flute fantasias !, 
  yes , i have a thing for patrick gallois 's recording though . . 
  i know it 's not on a baroque flute , but his sound and phrasing are just the best in my opinion . 
  good weather in g\u00f6teborg too !, 
  i 'm loving it !, 
  pasta with mussels . 
  it 's a common dish in italy . 
  source : am from the italian east coast . 
  it truly is amazing !, 
  i went from grimmered to stora amund\u00f6n to see the sunset today and i could n't be happier !, 
  i 'm really sorry to have to soon leave to finland . . 
  guess i 'll need some snow tyres !, 
  i mean . . 
  it depends . 
  i left italy for work but if i was given the chance i 'd like to go back !, 
  i really like it where i am but living in italy ( when you have a well paying job ) is great !, 
  despite all the problems , the social connections and weather you get in our country are perhaps the best in the world , in my opinion . 
  are you serious or joking ? 
  if your brakes can not stop the bike on a downhill you should definitely get new ones !, 
  as someone who 's going to work in northern finland , not funny !, 
  i guess if they blew with enough of a tight embouchure it could make a sound, 
  mistakes happen , but what 's going on in the video is extremely exaggerated !, 
  thank you for the gorgeous pictures !, 
  i 've recently moved to central/northern finland and i 'm wondering what kind of clothes should i use for cycling in this kind of weather ... 
  i am originally italian so i 'm afraid of the temperatures and i 'm wondering if you could give me some advice !, 
  do you ever cycle during the winter ? 
  oh your set up seems already quite a good start for me !, 
  i used to live in sweden so i already have some of those things , but i will definitely check for some guides as you 're recommending !, 
  in this area of finland i 'll experience -30 s during the coldest months but i 'd really try and not close myself in a gym . . also winter tyres seems to be the rule so i should get those . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  i have a set of silk and wool underwear by nike . 
  i guess i 'll make good use of it !, 
  thanks for the tip !, 
  tronico definitely is n't an italian word . 
  source : i am italian :-p the score says `` ironico '' as someone has already pointed out !, 
  10 novembre ? 
  cioe ' si e ' assunti a `` progetto '' ( che so in vista di un evento particolare ) / per un tot di anni/a tempo indeterminato/you name it ? 
  dipende . 
  figurati !, 
   - hai visto `` whiplash '' ? 
  componi ? 
   \\  cosa ne pensi dei mix classica/rock-pop ? 
  un ` amica greca una volta mi ha detto `` orchestras are big beds ! '', 
  guarda su gsoplay.se o digitale concert hall !, 
  ahahaha toscanini era un mito, 
  come no !, 
  ( clarinetto e sax ), 
  a [ pistoni ] ( https://media.musicalstore2005.com/media/catalog/product/0/-/0-1c3c8e4146d69cb40937_image.jpg ) o a [ cilindri ] ( http://assets.catawiki.nl/assets/2016/3/31/b/8/9/b890716e-f775-11e5-9ad0-8f5226ff0c9d.jpg ) ? 
  da quel che so , a pistoni !, 
   * si sente la differenza di mano quando ti dirige un maestro famoso come luisi ? 
  daje !!, 
  rimanendo in svezia penso agli evergrey con la gotheborg symphonic orchestra string quartet o ai therion ;, 
  emmanuel pahud , philippe bernolde , jaques zoon , andrea oliva , jasmine choi , francisco lopez ( con cui ho suonato tanto ) , davide formisano , patrick gallois ... 
  io sapevo solo si mi la re sol do fa !, 
  fantastic wine and i always find it at systembolaget !, 
  i 'm italian and i like pizza with gorgonzola , pear , walnuts , honey and rucola . 
  you should try it if you have n't !, 
  do n't put tomato sauce on this though !, 
  the girls dude , the girls ... 
  exactly , `` we '' did it bro !, 
  frozen pizza because i 'm a lazy ass and it 's cold af outside so i did n't go to the grocery store ( living in finland at the moment ) . 
  combine the turtle shell with string and a stick to make a musical instrument . 
  the instrument could be played to attract birds or have some area of effect like give strength to nearby players . 
  basically become a bard in minecraft ahahaha, 
  this is the kind of buildings i 'd like to see naturally generating in the game !, 
  our anti-terrorist division is pretty good and in close collaboration with the israeli secret service . 
  that 's why there has n't been terrorist attacks in italy in the past decades and , hopefully , there wo n't be . 
  since you 're going in the summer , i recommend that you visit the coast south of pescara . 
  go to places near ortona like punta penna and punta aderci . 
  definitely stop in pescara if you want to party , as there 's a lot of activity every night on the riviera . 
  if you like the mountain side , go see the top of the gran sasso and have a hike there ( great place for photography too ) , or places like pescasseroli , pretoro , rocca morice ( really beautiful this one ) . 
  in bolognano you can swim in the river and the nature is really beautiful . 
  as for cities to visit , ortona and sulmona have nice historical value . 
  the best would be l'aquila , but i am not sure about its conditions right now , after the earthquake hit it a few years ago . 
  there 's really a lot to see in abruzzo when it comes to nature , as it is still a quiete wild region . 
  but its beauty is n't well advertised and tourism is mostly developed on the coast . 
  anyway , drive safely and have a good time !, 
  yes it 's really beautiful but keep in mind that it might be a bit cold !, 
  g\u00f6teborg is awesome !, 
  really like life here , too bad for the rain ahahaha i 've never been to lund , only to change trains , but malm\u00f6 is also really nice !, 
  mah dai non sembra tanto male ... dovresti vedere la `` frittata '' del mio coinquilino inglese . . ha schiaffato le uova sbattute in forno e poi mi fa pure i commenti cretini tipo `` is n't this how you 're supposed to do it ? '',
