  it 's a nearly 300 million $ deal , plus probably some royalties on the energy production when the war will be over . 
  italy has been heavily involved in afghanistan and iraq and now is taking its slice of the cake back . 
  or do you think anyone actually cared for the people living in the area ? 
  none of the nations involved in the conflict has joined out of pure humanitarian concern ... also eni , the big italian energy company has gained several deals to extract oil in afghanistan and i guess iraq as well . 
  destroying this dam would require several tonnes of explosives going off on a precise timing . 
  also , it 's a huge asset to control and not even is is so stupid to destroy it . 
  not everybody speaks with a naples accent dude but schvooyadell must sound really funny with an american accent !, 
  it 's sfogliatelle by the way, 
  how can such things end up in private collections ? 
  ma prendersela coi vegani fa figo . 
  yes , but our standard breakfast is really just a coffee ( glass of milk for children , even though i was having coffee at 12 years old already ) and a couple cookies generally . 
  so by the time it 's 10am you 're getting hungry for something substantial . 
  personally , i was having a sandwich with tomato and tuna or a small pizza during the school break . 
  che palle sto perbenismo bigotto e deficiente !, 
  be open , sometimes people understood a piece more profoundly than you and it 's important to be able to take this understanding from them . 
  it does n't mean copying , it 's a learning process . 
  and it also makes you understand why you do n't like certain things and how to justify your dislike . 
  i understand how you feel because pretty much every musician experiences this on some level , but with experience i understood that it 's really important to be flexible and try to have the deepest understanding of music , rather than be stuck in the `` i feel this , so it must be like that '' . 
  that 's the average italian girl for you :-d, 
  they are minors , if you beat them it 's you going to jail . 
  also , they for sure have a guy or more looking at them to protect them if shit goes down, 
  well it depends ... 
  if you 're aiming at a professional career you should definitely fix rhythm and dynamics , but if you 're playing for fun just do what you enjoy, 
  yeah exactly, 
  maybe you 're being a better friend than what he deserves ... 
  but you 're great for this and i wish i knew more people like you personally . 
  good luck, 
  well people do n't subscribe to optic fiber plans because they 're expensive af and quite shitty anyway !, 
  yeah there 's a lot of old people but it 's not like our isps or the government are doing any real effort to modernise the country . 
  you forgot the scalogno ( not cipolla eh ! ), 
  is n't our skin 5.5 ph though ? 
  i 'm sorry but on an international scale we have the shittiest and more expensive internet in the western world . 
  the price of advertised mbps is just a little higher than japan ( so it 's very cheap ) but then how much of the actual speed do you see ? 
  in italy i have a tiscali deal which is supposed to give me 7mbps for 20 $ / month and i actually get 800kbps . 
  with an average ping above 60ms , sometimes spiking above 1000ms . 
  for less than this price , in my house in sweden i get 100mbps ( advertised ) and an effective 50-60mbps . 
  italian internet is just outrageous and not defendable , i 'm sorry . 
  only in the us they do have a similar situation , but that 's a huge country were even train lines are not completely electrified . 
  and i 'm sorry about the optic fiber , my info was old i must admit . 
  i pay ~ 15 $ for double that in sweden ... 
  best case scenario , they get absorbed in our culture in a couple generations . 
  worst case it takes a little longer . 
  it 's not like they 're arriving by the millions , and even if they have kids , those kids are italians , guaranteed . 
  the italian society is n't like in the nordic countries were immigrants get isolated even in school . 
  italian culture has much more to it than religion . 
  in my field we often remember composer 's bela bart\u00f2k quote : `` competitions are for horses , not artists '' . 
  very nice painting and i hope you 're not sad about the contest :-), 
  there has been a discussion about getting young people and mentally disabled people to concerts of the gothenburg symphony , and what the orchestra proposed was a `` relaxed concert '' . 
  a normal concert where you would be explicitly allowed to chat , use your phone or eat during the performance . 
  they had to cancel the experimental event because they only sold two tickets ... 
  ahahaha nope :-p, 
  make guns illegal and join us in modern civilisation !, 
  great bianchi was my first bike when i was a kid !, 
  did n't know you could get them in the states too !, 
  well man it 's not only about religion , people have to rest sometimes, 
  i think you 're exaggerating a bit ... 
  in fast foods or kind of low level restaurants , ok , you go up and pay . 
  but in proper restaurants you pay at your table , with card if you want . 
  i have never been in the us so i do n't know if it 's the same . 
  italy is very different depending on where you are though . 
  yeah , absolutely . 
  but there 's a even larger number of small shops with 3-5 employees who do n't rotate much . 
  especially in southern and central europe , in my experience , the majority of shops and food markets are small businesses . 
  personally i even like it better than having only big chains . 
  not so unexpected , we just went backwards in the last decade or so ... 
  yeah and the arguments some spanish people have in favour of the fucking corrida are just disgusting, 
  actually , the family is responsible because the torero training starts at a really young age . 
  competitiveness is good , the problem comes when you ca n't lose, 
  my comment was n't much about bikinis , i was referring more to slut shaming and the society in general . 
  i can not talk for the us , but in italy there 's again public slutshaming on newspapers and tv . 
  this was n't happening , or at least it was hidden , in the 80s and it was something of the past . 
  just the other day i read an article ( written by a woman and published by our biggest newspaper ) complaining about young girls wearing hot pants and `` not being fit enough '' for them . 
  it 's in the title dude . 
  `` unexpected bikinis for the decade '', 
  you can buy a beach ? 
  wtf ? 
  then i complain about italian beaches ... at least nobody can claim them as a property . 
  `` i told you already '', 
  it 's incredible how freaking cold it is in antarctica . . holy shit, 
  subumani ... 
  do n't use beta blockers !, 
  they are a serious drug not candy , and you do n't need them . 
  the worst experience i had with nerves was feeling my hands tingling after the performance , that 's it . 
  if you need to deal with serious nerves there 's a lot of books and material to help . 
  i would suggest `` the inner game of music '', 
  oh i 'm so sorry !, 
  i assumed you were much younger and since there 's a lot of betablocker users today i jumped to conclusions . 
  totally sorry !, 
  i 'm not ordering someone not taking those drugs but i 'm so `` arrogant '' to advocate against them . 
  i do n't think it 's the case to start an awful argument like it happens in other subs , but the fact that you are taking those pills does n't mean everybody should do it . 
  plenty of musicians do n't use them and overcome the nerves with good practice and mental training . 
  not to mention that betablockers have pretty nasty side effects ... 
  do people seriously take this stuff to play ? 
  are you guys in the us by the way ? 
  i 'm not demonising them but i think they should really be a last resort . 
  and i was the one saying i 'm arrogant , i was ironic :-d also i can have my opinion because i 'm a professional musician and i have the experience to say that nerves can be fixed , i 'm sorry . 
  even if i 'm not a doctor , i 've seen people puking before performances going on to win auditions without drugs . . 
  i totally understand your feeling when your teacher could n't help you . . my very first teacher was of the thought that `` if you ca n't deal with nerves you 're better off finding another job '' . . then i left my country and found that there is so much material to read and ways of helping people . 
  but this happens today , i guess 20 years ago most musicians thought like my first one . 
  i think not !,
