  you can fish a lot of stuff and there 's new fishes in the game  also , you can make water breathing potions now, 
  i bet that in theory you can mathematically prove that most minecraft worlds are if not equal at least very similar to each other , but i do n't have this skill ahahah, 
  you do n't need good fps to take screenshots ^ ^ as soon as your pc does n't crash while rendering the game with shaders you 're good to go, 
  witches now spawn randomly as the other mobs . . so you can find them everywhere, 
  ahaha yeah . . actually they 're supposed to be rare , but i see more witches than enderman in my world lol, 
  ahahah maybe a big horse with a gaben face ? 
  i know , but i do n't really see the point of it ... just launch the game with shaders , take the screenshot and log out , is n't it easier than photoshopping a screenshot ? 
  like , the skeleton of a dragon or an actual dragon ? 
  maybe i should put a quartz statue of a dragon on there lol, 
  actually yes . . 
  i started building the platform to place a portal on top of it , and then i finished and i was like `` meeeeh '', 
  you know , i 've been to sweden last month and i realized why notch created the game the way it is . 
  in sweden 's countryside it 's pretty common to find forests that grow on this giants `` stones '' with a thin layer of moss and dirt on top , and then small plains with a lot of green grass which is quiete taller than the average grass you see in the rest of the world . 
  sweden 's countryside actually looks like minecraft , with birch forests mixed with other trees and taigas with spruce and pine trees that do n't allow for grass to grow under them . 
  i know that the game should emulate earth in all of it 's `` features '' , but i was quiete surprised when i noticed this similarities beetween the game and the place where notch grew up . 
  yeah !, 
  i remember an interview with notch saying that when he was a kid he spent a lot of time in the forests nearby his home-town . 
  i thought many times that maybe he got the inspiration for this game from the things he used to imagine when he was a kid . 
  no no ... 
  i mean . . 
  i do n't know the mormon church , maybe this looks like i 've taken inspiration from that book but it 's not like this ahahah, 
  thanks !, 
  i think they 're beautiful . 
  actually i 've been in a student hostel that was built around one of those , and it was very big !, 
  but also , there were even bigger ones with actual forests growing of top of them . 
  i saw them going from gothenburg to oslo with the train and later with the bus . 
  it really looked epic, 
  dang it !, 
  so cool !, 
  it 's way too cold to go outside lol, 
  thanks !, 
  :d do you like the dark oak wood in the shaded trunk and standard oak in the parts who irl should face the sun more ? 
  you know , they had epic music in the xvii century as well ... check out lully 's ballet de la nuit ( ballet of the night ) . 
  the overture gives me the chills , although i understand that not everyone might like this music ^ ^ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajhzcrhsdbo, 
  lol, 
  oh yeah , especially as a wind player ... horns just rape your ears aahahhah, 
  i think it looks baller to be honest !, 
  chicken jockeys ca n't take fall damage , so yes they will clog up drop-based mob farms . 
  by now though , this new mobs are filling my caves with chickens . 
  it is quiete funny tbh, 
  hide the grinding part of the game as best as you can , kinda like etho and bdoubleo100 do , also !, 
  do you play with vsync on ? 
  what 's the render distance ? 
  mimapping is on/off ? 
  have you updated all the drivers and java , or tried to allocate more memory to minecraft ? 
  i have an nvidia geforce 630 , i7 processor and 8gb of ram and i too get some fps drops , mostly when looking over large forests or loading new chunks , but i get from 120fps to 50 in the worst case, 
  try turning off vsync and locking the fps at 120 . 
  it worked for me, 
  very cool !, 
  the slime part was very funny ahahah, 
  i think you 've done a great job !, 
  it looks very nice !, 
  i also like all the shades of grey that you 've used and the texture you 've given to the whole structure, 
  would you do a windmill keeping this style perhaps ? 
  ok , thanks a lot  i did n't know they checked in such a big radius, 
  looking forward to it , 
  yes , i forgot to edit the message after i 've taken the screenshots . 
  at first , i did n't realized i was this close to my base, 
  that was unexpected !, 
  lol !, 
  i thought you were going to build something way more organic and `` tree looking '' with that base under the dirt platform !, 
  ahahah but it looks gorgeous anyway, 
  i would have a hard time remembering how to craft leads , because i always forget it ... 
  i 'd also enjoy the game a bit more i guess ... 
  i mean , after you 've seen the stuff they do in servers like fyreuk and the voxelbox , it becomes more difficult to enjoy the stuff you come up to do in survival, 
  a spaceship up in the sky ? 
  an elven town in a roofed forest ? 
  stuff renders differently now , and this hits your fps especially in places full of block of leaves like the jungles . 
  either you play on fast graphics or get used to the lag . . there 's also some stuttering due to chunks loading while you move, 
  exactly !, 
  i know . . have you tried giving more ram to java ? 
  you can do that in the profile options of your minecraft client . . 
  otherwise i do n't know . . 
  i have a pretty good pc and still ca n't get more than 50 fps sometimes [ when i average 70fps + on games like bf3 :( ] , and the nether sometimes gets me down to 1fps , for real . 
  let 's hope for dinnerbone writing some multi-thread code in the future , since the game now is using just one core of the cpus we have . 
  you have a core-duo , i have an i7 , yet we have the same problems, 
  i bet yeah . . `` old '' jungles lag way more than new ones . 
  maybe there 's too many entities around and that 's causing your problems . 
  eh . . have you tried letting the game running for a while after entering a jungle ? 
  if the lag goes away or is less than before after , say , 10 minutes , the issue might be the chunk updates . 
  so it 's a cpu based problem , because minecraft just uses 1 core  maybe we will have multithreaded chunk updates in the next version of the game , if they can work out all the bugs that this change can produce , and that will solve a lot of problems especially for guys like you , with 2.4 ghz cpus but `` only '' 2 cores ^ ^, 
  i know how you feel man !, 
  soon i 'll have to leave my country and go to live in sweden , and i ca n't bring my pc so i 'll have to play on my old laptop . . on that machine i was able to get 60fps in minecraft 1.6 , but with the aid of optifine . . 
  i tried 1.7 the other day and it runs so bad , even with tiny render distance ( 2 chunks ) i get 25fps at best !, 
  i have the same issue since 1.7.4 . . 
  i do n't know what it is , during the lag spike the game does n't even use more ram than usual, 
  much beautiful , such good , wow, 
  ahahah you 're welcome dude , 
  italy . . the financial crisis is so bad here that everyone who can is going away . 
  everyone i know at least, 
  alright !, 
  thanks a lot , 
  ok thank you for the clarification  i thought sweden was a bit expensive for an italian like me but , probably because of the financial crisis , gotenborg seems to be on the same level if not under rome or milan regarding housing costs . 
  that 's a nice place right ? 
  :d yes this is through sgs , and the room is at the olofsh\u00f6jd residence . 
  last month i went to another hostel , also in utlandagatan , and i thought it was great !, 
  it 's very close to korsvagen and the university , too , which is nice for me because i love walking  i do n't mind the cold too much either so , yeah !, 
  great :d, 
  well . . the guy who built that awesome whale + island is n't the `` regular '' minecraft player ... he 's just a very blessed person ahah and it took him 13 months to do that !, 
  thanks !,
