  this recording with abbado is n't the rawest but it 's from one of the greatest of our times . 
  for some people it can be too much . 
  if it 's not enough for you then just move on ... everyone is different !, 
  my gf did this a couple of times , now i leave her alone as soon as she starts with this bullshit . 
  from italy , monica bellucci http://gds.it.cdn-immedia.net/2015/03/monica-bellucci.jpg, 
  wow , nice program and great calligraphy !, 
  good luck for your audition !, 
  i instead am practice for the audition for principal flute in the danish radio ... mozart k313 , jolivet concerto and 17 orchestral excerpts . 
  i think it 's a matter of taste really . . 
  some people prefer a historical informed performance , some a modern one . . 
  unfortunately we do n't really know how bach 's pieces were performed at his time , we can try to reconstruct much of the praxis of his time though and get something that sounds baroque . 
  but something played on a piano could be already considered `` bad '' because this instrument did n't exist at the time . 
  i personally do n't really care on what instrument you play as soon as you 're respecting what we know of the performance practice of the time but , in the very end , the keyboard musicians who really care about the praxis ultimately play on harpsichord . 
  for my personal taste , this is a good performance https://youtu.be/xyttntzkkaq and this is not so good https://youtu.be/buzunkyzzi4 even though it can be argued that the second recording is really expressive and full of colours , i still prefer the musical expression of scott ross . 
  yes they can , in my opinion . 
  it 's the same piece , so why not ? 
  nice playing !, 
  can i ask why did you choose this fast tempo ? 
  i 'm used to the orchestral version and the oboe solo at the beginning of the prelude is so nice when you can hear all the notes ... 
  so i wonder what thought was behind your tempo :-) it 's a really honest question from musician to musician !, 
  i hope you take no offence :-), 
  it 's when you lie to everyone saying you 're killing whales for scientific purposes that people get pissed at you . 
  yeah it 's not really clear ... 
  i also often ask myself why today 's interpretation standard involves quite a bit of rubato in ravel 's music . 
  was n't the composer himself who once said `` do n't make music with my music '' ? 
  i would n't compare the personal use of a drug with whale killing ... and anyway , the law is the law and disagreeing with it does n't allow you to break it . 
  if they had good arguments sustaining that killing whales is fine they would be using this arguments in their defence . 
  instead they do n't , that 's why they use this `` scientific expeditions '' as a cover . 
  i see your point but i ca n't see how it 's right to kill wild animals , to be honest . 
  and every scientific report i 've ever read about oceans is warning that we 're over-fishing , the ocean 's environment is over stressed and many species are at risk . 
  i do n't understand , how hard can it be to just give up on killing whales ? 
  how arrogant and self and entitled can we be as a species ? 
  it 's not even like we 're feeding the third world with this , it 's just a whim !, 
  that piece has the opposite effect on me instead !, 
  i find it so melancholic, 
  wow !, 
  can we also get some in game screenshots ? 
  it looks great !, 
  amazing !, 
  thanks !, 
  i have a recording of this symphony by the iceland national symphony and petri sakari ... that cello solo !, 
  i do n't know who is the cellist in that recording but his/her sound is just incredible . 
  dude ... 
  i 'm sorry for your situation , i had been there . 
  but 15-20 minutes of sex is nothing really that long . . do you do any foreplay before penetration ? 
  yeah i can see what 's going on ... 
  i have had the same problem . 
  and sometimes i last until i 'm out of breath if i do n't get some foreplay . 
  i realised that it 's a psychological issue also . 
  i get so focused on pleasing my girl that in the end i prevent myself from having an orgasm . 
  but man , for how you 're talking it sounds like you 're giving a lot and receiving very little ... 
  i do n't wan na interference in your relationship of course , but if she does n't go down on you or even use the hands she could try to have patience and let you come ... 
  otherwise , if you go on stroking yourself after she 's done you 're going to end up really frustrated !, 
  does she realise she 's being a bit selfish ? 
  it 's not your fault if you last more than what she finds enough . 
  there is nothing wrong with you mate !, 
  it 's not abnormal to last more than 15-20 minutes !, 
  actually there 's nothing wrong in nothing , not even if you were lasting hours or losing the erection or you were gay . 
  to think someone has something physically wrong in the relationship is going to kill your confidence and trust !, 
  i hope you can find a way that works for both of you , through generosity and empathy . 
  nice rossini background :-d, 
  exercise !, 
  find out what you like and take it !, 
  do it mate !, 
  dude do you stretch after lifting ? 
  it depends on your personality !, 
  if i tell you basketball or lifting , which one does interest you the most ? 
  some people prefer team sports because they find lifting boring while some others enjoy the self improving aspects of going to the gym . 
  you say you 're thin but inactive , so i guess you have a fast metabolism . 
  that 's cool because if you start exercising you can eat like there 's no tomorrow ahahah !, 
  anyway , my personal favourite is swimming . 
  it 's a good balance between burning calories and improving your muscles . 
  did you plan any dates instead ? 
  wait and see . 
  well , condoms are always better contraceptives than pills and prevent a lot of stds ... 
  i 've never heard of anybody getting an std in my place in italy while it seems to be a quasi common thing in anglo-saxon countries, 
  having a high salary still does n't buy you respect . 
  no it 's just funny you had to defend yourself by saying you contribute to the tax system . 
  like if that made you a better person or something . 
  anyway well said about daesh and the sauds . 
  no dude , i just live in a place where having a high income and college education is the norm , so no insecurities , actually i really do n't care . . 
  the thing is , your thought process of saying `` people think badly of me despite my income/education '' is n't that different from the thinking of the people who despise you because you 're muslim . 
  this way of separating society in classes based on income is exactly what lead so many europeans to join daesh . 
  think about it !, 
  segregation , racism , entitlement are what are damaging your figure , and at the same time kind of represent the same thought process you 're using to defend yourself . 
  in my point of view you 're using the wrong arguments in your defence . 
  what westerners do n't understand is that being muslim does n't mean being a bigot who stones people and fucks goats , regardless of income . 
  yeah i just noticed ... 
  seems like someone ... hit his nerve . 
  lmao !!, 
  alternative account , really ... ? 
  my uncle has a passat and it 's breaking apart already after 5 years of careful driving ... 
  the parts are freaking expensive and the service is n't good at the official repair shop . 
  meanwhile i had a nissan for 19 years and only had to change one light bulb buy japanese dude, 
  i have a bachelor and master degrees in flute performance , with honours , in italy before moving to paris . 
  there i studied 2 years and got a premier prix , then i moved to sweden and just got another master ( orchestral performance ) . 
  i have a couple students and i gig in the national symphony and a major opera house . 
  i do n't freelance enough to be indipendent though . 
  i hope to win an orchestral position soon . 
  overall i 'm satisfied though , and i feel positive about the future .
