  1 ) i used to have it on all the time but switched it off lately , as it seams that the game manages to render chunks a lot faster . 
  2 ) well i do n't use it anymore, 
  3 ) the framerate is the same if not higher with the option off . 
  however , i get the occasional lagspikes when loading new chunks, 
  4 ) i do experience a lot of visual bugs , chunks not rendering , part of chunks not rendering ( like , you plant a mega spruce and you can only see half of it until you refresh the chunks ), 
  5 ) no problems whatsoever with opengl off, 
  my graphics card is an nvidia gt630 and i normally 70-120fps depending on the world and where i am in it, 
  dude i suffer from tinnitus and i 'm a classical musician . . 
  i guess your grandfather was lucky or those guns are not that noisy afterall, 
  never met a dirty italian , honestly ... most of us are cleaning freaks, 
  most people in the western world eat italian food nowadays . . bipity babity !, 
  i 'd add leaves hanging from the ceilings !, 
  very nice !!!, 
  you should repost it tonight so that the americans will upvote , 
  no , we still hate each other deeply and everyone has different armies , politics , taxes etc ... 
  really ? 
  it does n't seem like it here in italy . 
  and here they can do like whatever they want, 
  wind mega unlimited is the best i know , i also had an american friend who was using it last summer . 
  hahah come on they do n't have separate armies in the us , at least . . and there everyone speaks the same language , too, 
  none wants it now because in the past few years the goddamn germans have been imposing taxes and austerity to the other countries , plus they have a huge public debt and act like eu 's economy police saying `` ah you ca n't go on like that you have to fix your debt when we say it otherwise we kick you out of the union '' . 
  is now mojang using cheap chinese offshore coders ? 
  it was just a joke ... desu . 
  ah yeah i saw that article about militarization of the american police ... dammit guys you 're in `` good hands '', 
  dude i 'm not sure i get it ... are you talking about a story or something ? 
  yep  i think it 's a pretty difficult language , even to imitate , if you 're western, 
  regardless of what happend you do not beat people like that . 
  you do n't do that , it 's not about being black or white . 
  maybe in your twisted american law , 
  actually , i just opened a backup from 26a and it works in 26c . 
  the same world saved in 26b and opened in 26c is instead corrupted ... 
  i should really stop playing survival on the snapshots though :(, 
  nice !, 
  i ca n't make it work though ... this is what i wrote in my backuplocations.txt file, 
   / / hello , please enter your . minecraft saves folder file path , your folder you, 
   / / wish to back up your files to , and , optionally , the path to your minecraft launcher so the game can be launched immediately . 
   / / please use the format shown below and you must include the quotes :, 
   / / mcsave : `` c : / users/paulo/appdata / roaming / . minecraft/saves '', 
   / / mcbackup : `` c : / raccolte/documenti/minecraft backups program/backups '', 
   / / mclauncher : `` c : \\ users \\ paulo \\ desktop '' < -- this is optionial, 
   / / mcsave : `` c : / users/paulo/appdata / roaming / . minecraft/saves '', 
  / / mcbackup : `` c : / raccolte/documenti/minecraft backups program/backups '', 
  / / mclauncher : `` c : \\ users \\ paulo \\ desktop '', 
  but if i launch the java again it says there 's a problem reading the txt file , why ? 
  i just said that i opened a backup to make it work ... did you even read ? 
  thank you very much !, 
  and thank you for the program :d, 
  lol, 
  yep , thank you , 
  nope !, 
  i had to remove the / /  but thanks !, 
  this is a repost of lynchyinc 's build , dude ... it 's called steamshire island . 
  here 's the video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msmkaoye-rs, 
  how does the game know you 're underground ? 
  do you have to be below a certain y coord or is it ok if you just have blocks on top of your head ? 
  that 's cool and i suppose pretty hard ... sometimes you do n't find coal right off the bat and you ca n't lose time making charcoal so you can end up in a cave with no lights ahah, 
  in italy . 
  sorry dude , i have no problems with jews , some of my family members are jews also . . but the israelians i met in my life were assholes , all the time . 
  and the jews i know also hated israelians . 
  to me , they seem very similar to 1930s germans , just saying . 
  it 's not that people are immature , arguing about anything and acting like imbecils is an instrinsic part of human nature . 
  killing villains wearing a fancy suit and an 18th century wig . 
  why ? 
  with dramatic harpsichord playing when the main character kills someone, 
  nothing is better than a bullet , for precise pitch . 
  god yeah ... 
  i guess that 's how you become if you 're born in a warzone, 
  come on it was golden ... my japanese gf did n't laugh though, 
  give it more time , you will find another girl !, 
   everyone has gone through this at some point , it does get better . 
  distractions work very well !, 
  do sports , go out with friends , find new friends . . be open to the world and you 'll find great people, 
  i was talking to my japanese girlfriend a while ago about episodes of gang rape on indian women . 
  i was shocked by her reaction , she responded to my anger saying that they believe in karma and it 's the women fault basically ... 
  yeah ... 
  i do n't know i have n't tried american pasta , i guess they adapted the food to americans ' taste . 
  you do n't have to like either , i do n't understand all this hype for our food . 
  it can be amazing if you use the right ingredients and mix them with good taste but it 's more and more difficult to find good restaurants . 
  northern italy is n't were you go for food . . unless you go to bologna/faenza . . those places are awesome , maybe you 'd like them since they have very strong tasty food !, 
  what do you mean by `` european pasta '' ? 
  it 's because italian cuisine has developed under extreme poorness , infact most of the food is n't heavily spiced , there 's not many ingredients and everything is kept simple . 
  to be honest , i think it 's healthier this way ( this opinion is also supported by many many dietologists who say that the mediterranean cuisine is the `` best '' ), 
  it 's ridicolous , to be honest ... as an italian i ca n't believe people actually like that stuff they sell in the states, 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  no dude eat what you like but do n't tell me that that cheesy mess they make in ny and chicago is better than italian pizzas ... maybe you like it more , ok . . de gustibus non disputandum est , 
  in france , as well as in other countries in europe , bookstores also sell cds and movies sometimes . . usually they offer old recordings , lps and vynils at very cheap prices , but also more modern classical music and jazz cds . 
  sometimes they even sell dvds  it 's a pity they 're slowly desappearing i think , because sometimes they have things that are really difficult to find and amazon is selling mainly mainstream products, 
  technically , they 're doing legal things ... they 're going around eu laws and unless there 's a new `` ad personam '' law they 'll be on the legal side . 
  in the long run , consumers are creating a giant monopole that also evades taxes . 
  that 's not good i think . 
  in the worst case scenario , amazon will force other book sellers to close hitting hard on the local economies . 
  jobs , rents from the stores and taxes will fade away and you 'd no choice but buy things from amazon . 
  there 's so many regulations in eu that creating a new taxation law for amazon should be done `` ad personam '' , meaning that other smaller companies doing the same thing amazon is doing should be allowed to keep doing it , in order not to hit the already struggling economy ( see in italy , it is not legal to have a business here if you pay taxes somewhere else , and many companies are dying because of this , because the taxation is as high as in sweden but you do n't get a 5th of the services they get in scandinavia in return ) . 
  but it 's not legal to make ad hoc laws that are valid only for one company , so there 's that ... unless the eu anti-trust forces amazon to pay taxes and actually follow the laws of the free market , the single countries ca n't do so much unless they 're willing to pass a very nationalistic anti-free market tax law, 
  italian here . 
  when the muslims try to build a mosque , the rest of the population is like `` hell no '' and forces the politicians to stop every project . 
  yay for democratic thinking ... but i 'd also not like to see mosques with minarets around rome , sorry . 
  go ruin someone else 's landscape, 
  the reason why the extreme right did n't get more votes , i think , is that the shadow of nazi-fascism is still present here in eu . 
  give it some more time , some more blindness from our liberal politicians , and some more muslims and it will escalate .
