  what did i do ? 
  how old am i ? 
  oh my god do n't cum now . 
  she 's going to cheat on me with a drug dealer '', 
  we listen to our moms for like 20 years and then we have to listen to another women ? 
  hell no dude imma do it wrong but i do n't care xd, 
  well . . yeah i can see your point but i do n't think we should prevent ourselves from exploring the universe to `` save '' the differences beetween cultures on earth . 
  also , people colonizing other planets will bring their culture with them and possibly create new ones on their new worlds . 
  do n't you think it could be interesting ? 
  did she really expect you to not recognize her ? 
  wtf ? 
  yeah , i agree . 
  but what do you do when she looks like she 's coming [ shaking etc , you know . . ] and afterwards she says `` i do n't know if i came '' ? 
  what 's up ? 
  i 've been together with a girl like this for almost 5 years and it never happened to me before , how do you not know if you had an orgasm ? 
  i was her first sexual partner , at least she said so , so i guess one could be totally new to some things [ although ... how can someone never try to masturbate ? 
  ] , but is it really possible to not understand if you had an orgasm ? 
  or do you have different `` levels '' of orgasms ? 
  for us it 's kind of always the same . . and it lasts for just 3-4 stupid seconds xd, 
  oh sorry if i ask but is this a disorder ? 
  my ex-gf never even let me touch her clitoris because it was just too much for her . 
  i thought that maybe she did n't like the thing or that i was bad at it . . 
  i 'm trying to imagine girls that give blowjobs to act like guys that go down on girls , to be proud of it like we are xd would be hilarious, 
  well that 's pretty fast ... they say that you need 500kg of anti-matter to go 10 times faster than light . 
  at that speed , it would take maybe a thousand years to go from one side of the galaxy to another ... lol !, 
  i do n't know ... yeah i always tried to listen to her the best i could , during sex or in conversation about it , to understand what was going on , but did n't quiete find a solution . 
  i hope she finds out what 's up one day . 
  we broke up 4 months ago so , yeah ... not my problem anymore , i guess !, 
  thanks . 
  and you 're not sure but you can go on ? 
  she always became sooo sensible after this `` orgasms '' and we had to stop or take a long break . 
  sorry if i ask but in my country girls tend to avoid talking about this things . . 
  wow ... what do you do to women huh ? 
  lucky boy, 
  i knew it !, 
  according to wikipedia , 24fps was used in mute films . 
  most modern film projectors use 72fps . 
  also , when you go to the movies it 's hard to notice the low framerate compared to a computer screen reproducing videogames . 
  i do n't know exactly why , but when i play and have less than 120fps i notice it , and when i go to the movies i do n't . 
  but yeah if you whatch movies [ especially pirate ones ... :p ] on your pc the fps is crap, 
  in europe we have a lot of jokes about white people , but they are referred to nationalities not to the actual white race . 
  yeah that 's not producer 's falut though :p i also hate the 24fps on streaming , btw, 
  yeah homeworld was such an amazing game . . 
  i still play it as well , i play hw2 too . . too bad that sierra has sold the rights and ca n't make hw3, 
  the differences beetween human `` races '' are not genetic , but somatic . 
  there 's the same genetic difference beetween you , your white friend and a black folk . 
  being black or asian is like being a caucasian ginger , in other words . 
  there 's no difference whatsoever , they just happen to have different eyes/skin/noses etc from you, 
  alright , i take notes ... , 
  yeah i see ... actually sometimes she became so sensitive that i could n't even touch her . . 
  i guess i was shooting the ball way to high ahah, 
  the thing i did n't really understand was that she said she was very happy that way . . for us it 's very difficult to be `` happy '' if we do n't cum . 
  it 's like baking a cake and do n't eat it, 
  war , as much as it could sound strange , is regulated by many laws and etiquette . 
  an official war is subject to laws that are accepted all around the world, 
  really ? 
  most girls hate it, 
  the story i know did n't end very well ... this guy was a friend of my mother when they were in their 20s . 
  he happened to begin dating one of the teachers at the university , who was roughly 20 years older than him , for a long time . 
  apparently , their relationship was pretty fucked up and the teacher was found dead one day , stabbed 47 times with a small knife . 
  the police never found actual proof that this guy was guilty , but he was condamned for 20 years of jail [ ah , the italian law . . ] . 
  he 's out , now . 
  i met him once and it was quiete an `` interesting '' person ... 
  my father [ guitarist ] and my teacher [ flutist ] are both world famous classical musicians . 
  of course , they 're famous inside the small percentage of people who enjoy classical , but they both have quiete a good career . 
  they are nice as long as you 're not `` an enemy '' , and as long as you do n't get serious with them . 
  they are very egocentric . 
  should be enough to say that i see my father once a year , when he stays for one month in an italian town to give a very long masterclass . 
  same for my teacher 's sons and daughter . 
  had sex on a sand beach once ... it was late night . 
  let 's just say that sand is not sex-friendly . 
  i did a three way with 2 girls once and it 's not as good as you would imagine . 
  at least for me , i felt like while for me it was `` double the fun '' for them it was `` half a guy '' if you know what i mean . . 
  you underestimate human powah, 
  i think that birth control should be considered , seriously . 
  to whoever says `` i have the right to have kids '' , personally , i would n't have any problem to respond `` no , you do n't '' . 
  we do n't have the right to destroy the planet , ffs, 
  yeah . . they were both heterosexual though, 
  what does solar energy have to do with stem cells ? 
  ahahahah welcome to the club, 
  sorry , what does frank zappa have to do with classical music ? 
  hi , i just wanted to say that doing informal concerts , i think , is just patronizing people . 
  i think that orchestras should focus on playing better than what they 're doing , and inviting good conductors instead of exchanging favours . 
  last week i attended a concert where the conductor was an ex lawyer who decided to change career all of a sudden , and could do that because his mother is a senator in italy . 
  this is just one case , i can go on for hours speaking about how the mechanics of concert exchange , festivals etc are ruining the classical music business . 
  of course , i 'm a musician and i know more stuff than the average listener , but the `` normal people '' also feels the mistakes done by a bad orchestras and a bad conductor , even just at a sub-conscious level sometimes . 
  so we have to get rid of this thought about people do n't understanding . 
  people understands , if you play well . 
  afterall music has always been made for entertainment , and a concert should be a great event , emotionally , while attending a class about mozart 's life is stupidity . 
  if you want to know something about mozart , read a book about it , do n't ask the musicians to be musicologists , ask them to be good musicians . 
  that 's because wind players are better than strings ... * cough * i 'm a flutist * cough *, 
  if i want to hear traditional music from other continents i go to listen groups of players that come from those places , because as western musicians ca n't properly play egyptian music , most of the egyptian musicians that i know sound funny when playing schubert . 
  and it 's already difficult to learn to properly play western music , so i think that asking to western musicians to play chinese music in a manner that is not just `` stupid '' but at least at a semi-professional level is a bit too much . 
  there 's no point in reversing an instrument , because musical instruments are not made for right-handers . 
  you play with both hands , and both hands are important in the same way . 
  what , you want to reverse pianos for lefthanders ? 
  'cause you only play forte on the high pitch notes , right ? 
  the fact that i write with my right hand instead of the left one does n't have anything to do with flute playing , in my case . 
  both hands are involved in the same way . 
  what do you want to say , that bowing is more important than the rest ?
