  dipende da dove vivi . 
  dove, 
  si si , imitavo l'ortografia dell ` analfabeta funzionale di turno ahahaha, 
  idolo . 
  only met one , she came to play as a soloist with my orchestra . 
  best of luck with your audition !, 
  what about an arctic biome ? 
  just like on earth the north pole is covered by ice floating on the ocean , we could get a cold biome that resembles that to spawn inside ocean biomes , with polar bears and ice caves, 
  \u00c8 un po ' triste . . 
  bella pe teee, 
  i love this style of building !, 
  and with the new concrete blocks we can get beautiful coloured walls as well !, 
  boulez had a lot of weird ideas . . 
  source : my teacher worked with him until they had a massive fight and never talked to each other again . 
  i think he meant it 's easy to misunderstand toscanini 's words if you do n't know the context of his upbringing . 
  i am italian myself , even though i 'm not from parma , and i feel like i would take less offence from the conductor than others , even though he 's really rough . 
  beautiful pictures !, 
  wow !, 
  a long time ago they had a great ceiling in the nether hub in the mindcrack server . 
  look it up on youtube , bdouble100 built it and it could inspire you . 
  ahaha no it has n't . . 
  i used so many times the trick of breaking my bed and suicide in order to travel as fast as possible to the spawn chunks . 
  no , they were and are terrible people , but they trick you because they help each other out . 
  of course they do , they 're like a company and if you 're part of it you get stuff from the system . 
  this does n't mean they are n't ready to shoot your wife in a heartbeat . 
  i do n't think i 'm generalising , i speak from experience as an actual italian from central italy . 
  of course there 's some gangsters who did n't have a real choice in joining the mafia , but you ca n't say they are good guys . 
  just because they sometimes engaged in good actions it does n't mean they are n't criminals . 
  yeah but one thing is being a felon and another being part of a large criminal organisation . 
  of course your dad is just a person and everyone can make mistakes but it 's dangerous to keep on having this romantic view of the mafia like many americans do . . 
  some of those criminals threw their enemies in barrels of sulfuric acid for goodness sake . . 
  i 'm laughing con fuoco . 
  holy cow puns are great , ma non troppo, 
  no , but i occasionally play piccolo , it 's kind of the same . 
  actually i think it would be nice if the terrain generation got some polishing . 
  seeing what 's doable with mods , it would be nice to see better biome generation . 
  right now i have the feeling stuff is kind of messy , especially in mesas where the above ground mineshafts kind of mess up the terrain rather than improving it visually . 
  oh you 're in siena !, 
  go to pizzicheria de miccoli in via di citt\u00e0 95 and ask for an aperitif . 
  it 's like the best place in the world , no kidding . 
  edit : had to correct the address, 
  i did n't know the movie , shame on me !, 
  thanks !, 
  yeah , i 'm building more and more trees around the area , but i should have used a different title i guess, 
  i think the mesa is really the best biome . 
  it 's the most realistic in terms of feeling and it has so much potential for terraforming . 
  and the bryce variant is so great !, 
  ahaha thanks !, 
  yeah rendog 's lush mesa biome inspired me a lot actually . 
  i love putting together those pine trees , i 'm also swapping part of the clay with concrete and it works in some points, 
  it 's a great idea , i 'd do it if i was playing on a server !, 
  it depends . . 
  sometimes i feel underprepared before a rehearsal and i get a bit nervous . . 
  but it depends on what i 'm playing , for me it all comes down to preparation . 
  the better i know the repertoire , the least i feel stressed when performing . 
  i 'm sorry but there 's so many ways to perform the same music and `` be right '' ( whatever that means ) . 
  musicians are n't all the same and thank goodness each performance is different from the one before . 
  how depressing would it be if everyone was trying to achieve one and only interpretation for a piece , when instead working with actual composers you realise that they are not only open but inspired by the different points of view one can have about their works . 
  it 's not true that the best orchestras work like one single musician either , i think the best performances flourish from a variety of voices singing together rather than trying to sound the same . 
  the beautiful playing of some german orchestras comes exactly from this idea that each player is able to add something to what is a conversation , a concerto , rather than an detached exposition of a score . 
  if you intend on working while studying , you need to learn italian real quick and quiet well in order to have some chances at getting any jobs . 
  same for engineering work after graduation . 
  good luck anyway and welcome to our country !, 
  i hope you find good friends here . 
  be prepared for some racism . . 
  cool man !, 
  i will order something when the eu price goes down . 
  by the way , kinder is owned by ferrero , so it 's italian . 
  why do you write it 's german stuff on the website ? 
  i like online radio . 
  lately i mainly listen to sverige radio p2 ( swedish ) , dr p2 ( danish ) and br radio ( german ) but you can find so much repertoire on youtube as well . 
  of course the audio quality is n't great but better than nothing i guess . . 
  it crashes on windows 7 . . 
  you answered yourself , this is n't the place to report bugs so there 's no point for me to post a crash log . 
  i just wanted to comment on the fact that the snapshot is crashing . 
  mojang will fix it soon anyway so . . 
  it does n't work for me either !, 
  also , items gets deleted sometimes when you use the recipe book to fill the crafting grid . 
  i tried to craft a stack of golden carrots and got only one ahahaha, 
  man in my world i did n't get any parrots !, 
  but after a while exploring the jungle i started having severe fps issues, 
  software development is hard , sure . 
  but if mod creators can make so much stuff i guess for the professionals at mojang , coding is not a problem . 
  we 're talking about a policy thing . 
  simply put , the majority of minecraft players are kids , so mojang adds stuff for kids . 
  that 's it , it 's a business not a service . 
  yeah parrots are cool but they do nothing . 
  right now there 's not even a way to make them stay in one place like cats and dogs . 
  they 're just a little feature to make kids happy and buy more copies of the game . 
  end of the story . 
  i played vanilla since beta 1.8 . . 
  i 'd like to try some mods , especially the ones like vein miner , which lower the grind , but my laptop ca n't handle them . 
  are you sure ? 
  it really looks like the well inside the chigi palace in siena , to me, 
  for me , it 's one of the best places in the world, 
  whatsapp e youtube sono dei social network ? 
  right ? 
  i saw servers where that can happen in a day, 
  i see no issue . 
  mojang , nothing to see here .
