  or has any right-handed violinist ever thought of bowing with his left hand to be `` better '' on the right ? 
  i do n't really know the situation going on in finland , although i 'm a student of the former conductor of the sinfonia finlandia , patrick gallois , but here in italy and throughout countries like france usa ecc there 's a mechanism of exchange going on beetween musicians who organize small to big festivals . 
  they basically invite people from other countries that own their own festivals , so that they are invited back to perform . 
  it 's like if i organize a festival and offer you to perform for me , and you , in exchange , organize a masterclass or another concert for me in finland . 
  it 's like a win-win for the people who manage this events , although it does n't always happen , luckily . 
  i like festivals , i think they 're great for the support they give to rural areas and the resonance they have worldwidely in some cases , but i 'd like to see more festivals organized by people that are not involved in the business as performers themselves . 
  i think that an actual person playing this would sound much more enjoyable than the machine ahahahah but it 's a good piece , although it sounds like something that i 'd play much faster, 
  what about the best recording of vivaldi 's winter from the four seasons ? 
  carmignola and his italian devils kick ass http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d5cw8sv6wau, 
  are you aware of the implications of introducing genetically tweaked species into the wild ? 
  at first i was like `` yeah this guy is doing something good , the earth needs this kind of people '' and then . . you talk about tweaking dna to create fungus resistant frogs . 
  it 's clear , at least to me , that if you start playing with this things you risk to start a game much more difficult to play than what human kind is supposed to do . 
  i do n't think that creating `` better '' frogs will help the environment , instead it can cause an overpopulation of frogs with all the problems coming from it . 
  you know what , actually the only thing we can do that will really help earth 's ecology is to turn to green economy and leave nature alone . 
  sorry , i do n't want to force agricolture to buy seeds every year from your gmo companies . 
  i do n't want to destroy our history and top notch food products in the name of american money . 
  but you do n't understand , you 're american , it 's all about progress for you and changing the world like you change the place where you put your sofa . 
  i 'm italian , i want to keep seeing people doing hard work to produce the amazing foods that we eat in the respect of nature , instead of being forced to eat dutch produced crap like i am now . 
  am i slowing * progress * down ? 
  yeah , yeah ... good . 
  reading some of your answers one thing is clear , by the way : either you do n't think about the consequences of your work , or you do n't care . 
  you may be a good scientist but for god 's sake think about ethics once in your life . 
  and i 'm not even christian i 'm a freakin atheist, 
  oh jeez finally someone who 's not blindened by the `` magic '' of bringing back extinct species ... thanks god i 'm not alone . 
  no you 're talking about a lot of stuff that sounds good not considering its implications and consequences . 
  also you 're not willing to discuss your ideas , you think what you do is good and who does n't agree is an idiot . 
  people like you should not be given money to do research . 
  because we do n't need a fucking dodo coming back on earth we need to stop destroying the planet first . 
  why does people always think that romans were so stupid ? 
  they would get rid of the tourists in no time , after realizing they 're useless because they do n't understand shit about latin, 
  ehm . . we have the wheel from much before the roman empire . . 
  the roman politicians were not imbecils . 
  they would hide this stuff or even destroy it before anyone of the normal people can see it, 
  too bad the spartans were already been destroyed easily by the romans ... 
  i still regret that time when a vogon spaceship took me up , being ejected into deep space after listening to vogon poetry is quiete unpleasant . 
  maybe , maybe some enlighted senator would have taken one or two of the tourists as talk-slaves , but whoever tried to be an oracle to the people would have been dismissed as an enemy of the empire . . imo, 
  yeah ... luckily the ex-president of the galaxy , who happens to be my cousin , was just passing by, 
  i did it , was n't as amusing as i thought . 
  i went out with an older and married woman , but she could n't come to the date alone without attracting her husband 's suspects [ he knows me ] , so she came with her kids . 
  most boring date ever , but her kids seemed to like me, 
  well ... in this case i am the student and she was my flute teacher at the conservatory . 
  after my diplome , i stayed 2 years more to study with her , being her assistant . 
  this meant that i had to stay with her for 8 hours for 2 days a week while she was teaching , and sometimes i was supposed to teach . 
  this brought us much closer than before , and we started flirting in text messages , going to work at first more elegantly dressed than normal , then as summer was approaching almost provocative . 
  although i knew it was just a game for her , i was having quiete some fun texting in the middle of the night with this smoking hot women , 20 years older than me . 
  then , all of a sudden , we 've gone through a time when we 're texting just everyonce in a while , as i was around europe for studying and concerts . 
  a year has passed , and i finally managed to get closer to her again , and she invited me to go out together just yesterday , since she was in my town and her husband was away for a concert with his orchestra . 
  i was super happy but she had to bring her kids . 
  going out alone with me would have attracted a lot of suspects , i think ... so this `` date '' turned out to be a bit boring . 
  i could n't do much in front of her kids and although we had a nice time together i feel weird about it . 
  also , i was receiving a lot of `` complicity looks '' by other guys and surprised expressions by women . . 
  i do n't really care about it but it made me feel a bit weird, 
  i do n't know how hard is it to live in the san francisco area , but even the best orchestras in italy pay you a bit more than a half of what this performers are currently getting . 
  plus the chamber music concerts and solo concerts , masterclasses and in some cases a place where they teach every week , they 're quiete rich . 
  it looks like this musicians in san francisco are not artists but businessmen, 
  where ? 
  in the states ? 
  i fly 4 times a month in europe and they always give you the closed can and a paper cup, 
  you would n't believe how bad ryanair staff treats passengers ... you would n't believe ... my flight was delayed for 7 hours , once , and all they gave us was a 5 $ check to spend inside the airport -_- also , they `` fixed '' the plane ahead of time and did n't bother about calling the people who went away from the airport . 
  they just took off, 
  is it true that the balance of the aircraft can be ruined by an uneven distribution of passengers in the seats ? 
  i 'm told this thing 8 times a month by ryanair 's cabin crew and i tend to laugh at them, 
  ... and then you woke up, 
  ahahaha but maybe you do n't pay for it ? 
  a can of coke is like 4 $ on a ryanair flight, 
  considering how much they charge us for canned drinks , riots would start on their flights if they just gave you a glass of coke instead of the whole can ahahah, 
  ahahah dude , swiss air used to give you hot steak on dinner time flights, 
  ah , the good old times with airfrance and swiss air . . 
  well ... 
  i do n't really mind the expensive food as long as they shut up during the flight . 
  with ryanair is like flying inside a tv commercial about phone cards , charity stuff , calendars, 
  thanks for the reply . 
  so , if i understand correctly , we should try to occupy more space in the back of the plane , but ryanair closes the first 4 rows in the back and in the front and wants everybody to sit near the wings . 
  and it 's bloody annoying, 
  nutella . 
  already tried ... 
  i live in italy , we also have nutella icecream ... 
  alright thanks !, 
  my ex-gf lived in belgium for a few months , i 've been there [ bruxelles ] a few times but sorry . . did n't find better stuff than nutella , at least for my taste !, 
  i 've been with a girl like you once ... it has been the most amazing relationship i 've had so far ahahah, 
  yeah canned water feels very weird ... but i know that after a certain period of time , plastic releases toxic chemicals in the water , while aluminium does n't ( ??? ) . 
  nice that you still have complementary drinks in the us though , here you have to pay for everything now , even on business class, 
  i knew something weird was going on in that country ... 
  which company do you take ? 
  i used alitalia , airfrance , ryanair , vueling , iberia , easyjet [ the worst ] , swissair , flybaboo , airone and meridiana during the years and i 've always received the whole can of coke or whatever ... 
  if you ask for a can , if you ask for just a glass of something then yeah they fill you a glass from a plastic bottle . 
  but , for example , on low cost flights it 's very rare to be able to ask for just a glass of something, 
  take it easy . . the last thing you want is fall in love with someone else, 
  same goes for every language in the world , dude ... it 's not like italians all speak in the same way or chinese do or japanese either . . but there 's a common `` thing '' that you hear from a british guy rather than an american guy that makes you recognize him as british , and so you call it accent, 
  i fell from my motorbike because some douche left a plastic card on the tarmac . . 
  i did n't see it , the back tyre went on it while i was cornering and i lost control of the bike [ yeah , i was going `` fast '' ] . 
  neither me or the bike were damaged or injured that much , but if someone was driving on the other side of the road i would have been run over , probably, 
  how does the hall sound when you actually sing/play in it ? 
  if you would describe the acustics comparing them to other places where you 've performed in the past , is there something special about carnegie hall ? 
  you can be technical if you want , i 'm a classical musician myself, 
  oh god . . my liver is n't going to like this ... 
  one thing is having a bad service on board and another is leaving people at the airport ... 
  i guess it was n't dry at all then , if it took 15 seconds for the sound to go away !, 
  there was a lot of sadness , yeah, 
  yeah i also bring some tap water from the international area when i can , but on longer flights and especially in early morning [ sometimes i get up at 2 am to get to rome to fly at 7 am ] water just is n't enough,
