  well in milan the climate is n't exactly what you have in ny , for example . 
  also , the bosco verticale is n't a skyscraper is just a tall building , nothing super high . . 
  it 'd be cool to have structures like this all the time but , of course , trees do n't like wind so much . 
  even though i think that in milan they 'll be fine , since as i said the building is n't that tall ( 23 floors ) , milan 's climate is pretty nice and i 've already seen people growing trees and gardens on top of buildings in italy, 
  apparently isis is being funded by saudis though ... not from the royal family , but other saudi families, 
  japan feels threatened ... 
  i guess the nato countries will let the japanese do this hoping to sell some weapons . 
  personally , i feel that japan is n't what it was in the early 1900s and they should be able to defend themselves . 
  afterall , they really are `` surrounded '', 
  yeah ... 
  i guess they can influence a lot , but arabs care for the money more than what infidels think about them . 
  so if reporting on muslims terrorism etc brings them cash , they 're going to let that happen . 
  at least i think they 're not so interested in what people think about them, 
  well . . yeah , i used to think this was the us policy though , rather than the saudi 's . . who knows !, 
  yes but to who would they sell actually ? 
  in eu we buy everything either from the us or italy ... sometimes germany or france , apart from eastern eu and finland where they use russian things still . 
  we are among the major weapons producers and they have n't built even a gun since the wwii if i 'm right , how would they compete ? 
  maybe they can sell electronics ? 
  i mean they 're lacking a lot of know-how , although they can buy it i guess, 
  wow !, 
  thanks for the info !, 
  that 's a big deal and fujitsu is behind it ... 
  man it 's huge !, 
  you have a lot of freetime ahah lucky you  nice build i 'm curious to see how it is when finished !, 
  i passed several times with a swiss knife in my handluggage and nobody stopped me . . 
  i had it with me on the plane ... 
  ahahah dude that thing is a proper knife ... 
  i mean it 's small yeah but you can still threaten people , i guess . . 
  i got lucky , i guess it 's because i was a teenager and they did n't bother, 
  i want it !!, 
  ahahah poor guy . . 
  i guess they did n't tell me anything because at the time i was a teenager ( but still it was post 9/11 ) , also in eu sometimes they 're less strict than in the us i think, 
  seriously that 's not allowed ?? 
  in my case i just forgot the knife was there basically ... but they stop me all the time to check my musical instrument ( flute ), 
  maybe i 'm missing something , but why does he get all this zombies when he damages the zombie pigmen at the beginning ? 
  thank you very much !, 
  did n't know , 
  common sense ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  do you mind explaining how do coal and oil release radiations ? 
  by the way i 'm not an anti-nuclear crazy like you call them , just curious . 
  also , keep in mind that nuclear waste is a big problem , and every nuclear plant is considered a strategic site to be protected by military personnel . 
  the thing with nuclear power it 's its dangerousness ... that 's why some countries completely forbid it . 
  look at italy for example , it 's illegal there . 
  why ? 
  'cause if it was , nuclear plants would have been build by the mafia and that 's no good :p, 
  but . . why ? 
  thanks for the reply !, 
  very interesting , 
  yeah this is stuff that i know . . 
  i also think about how dangerous it is anyway . 
  look at a country like france ... france has 19 nuclear plants with 58 reactors and the country has spent , so far , 121 billion $ ( roughly 164 billion $ ) for building and maintenance . 
  now , after the fukushima disaster , they have done a stress-test on each of those plants to check their safety , and they found out they have to change all of the plants to upgrade them in case of extreme events . 
  there 's also one plant were the floor where the reactor is resting is considered too thin and may crack in case of fusion . 
  so they 're investing 300 billion more for upgrading and just maintaining the current production ( 77 % of the countries needs ) , of those only 10 are for safety , then 90 for upgrading and extention of operative life and 200 for new powerplants . 
  so , it seems to me they are going to spend a ton of money just to keep the same mwh production while the country is growing and consuming more and more . 
  and i mean france is a relatively small country , imagine how many nuclear plants would china or india need ... so at this point it is pretty clear that nuclear energy is fine , it 's expensive as hell but good on the long run but too expensive to be the only power source . 
  we need to use everything . 
  in my opinion , wind , solar , geothermic and sea current energy should be harvested a lot more than what we 're doing today . 
  especially because you 're not buying those `` fuels '' from anyone , you do n't have radioactive waste and very little impact on the environment . 
  500fps ahahaha it 's a dream !, 
  dude this is awesome !, 
  i love the terrain too !, 
  yeah do you have any ideas on how to check all the coastlines we have ? 
  there 's already the coast guard , the navy , military police ( carabinieri ) , police , guardia di finanza ( another sort of military police ) and mare nostrum trying to check all the boats that arrive . 
  even the airforce is providing radar data as far as i know . 
  they are thousands of immigrants on a daily basis ... jesus it 's like an invasion where you 're not allowed to use weapons . 
  i speak italian , english , french and spanish , although my written french is terrible !, 
  and i 'm learning swedish , 
  well ... everyone knows that italians drink coffee at every occasion  for alcoholic drinks i guess beer and red wine are the most common . 
  personally , i love belgian beer . . 
  italy, 
  amazing !, 
  i 've been at tivoli once but i did n't have any time to try this out , i hope i can manage in the future, 
  this is just unbelievable ... 
  i think it 's worse for that guy to be out of italy than to stay a few years in jail, 
  well supposing that he 'd have to go to jail ( a thing that would never happen considering how things happen here ... he 'd probably get a couple months of jail time maximum ) , he could then remain here in italy , where you can have a pretty decent life . 
  now instead he 's deported so if he comes back to any eu country he 's considered an illegal immigrant and sent back again , he 'll have to stay in nord africa or somewhere else , where life is n't exactly as easy as here . 
  also , italian pasta is amazing and he has to say goodbye to that . 
  exactly . 
  plus , icecream . 
  i think that , eventually , they 'll be integrated in our culture . 
  like it happened in the us in the past, 
  they do n't commit crimes because of their race , and their culture is american . 
  they commit crimes ( and get caught ) because they grow up in shitty places . 
  also , white males win the crown for domestic violence if i recall correctly . 
  that would make me , and him i 'm sure , so happy !, 
  it 's like the cutest thing you can do !, 
  i want to share this amazing speech on facebook , but i 'm too afraid to be fired one day because i 'm `` racist '' , like it happened to a swedish teacher a few days ago, 
  deport them en masse, 
  what in the actual fuck ? 
  of course this got downvoted to hell in / r/europe . . 
  but it 's a rather interesting video, 
  well it 's not horrible but quite funny . . to be honest i 'd be more comfortable having a person who 's trying to fix this country rather than loosing time with twitter and viral videos . 
  the campaign is over ffs , it 's time to be serious and pass laws to restart the economy but what is he doing actually ? 
  did you see those , by the way ? 
  i did n't, 
  not available in my country . . 
  they should do more . . 
  but thanks for the article,
