  have you written anything for flute ? 
  where can i listen to some of your compositions ? 
  wow !, 
  i 've listened your friend playing ... 
  i have a friend of mine in the bergen phil ( double bass ) and heard them playing symphonie fantastique a few weeks ago . 
  superb orchestra . 
  i even got lucky enough to play in their hall ( pretty nice place ), 
  cool video !, 
  i also suspect she could be kylo ren 's cousin but i 'm not sure . . 
  i mean , i do n't think luke would break the jedi rules . 
  but this is the wrong sub for this conversation ahahah, 
  yeah but luke should n't have a daughter , and han and leia never really acknowledge rey as a part of the family ... what if she 's not a skywalker , and her theme just represents the fight between good and evil ? 
  but rey , after touching luke 's light saber , has a vision where she sees herself at the jedi academy accident as a knight of ren is trying to kill her . 
  she then gets saved by kylo himself , showing that he cares for her in some way . 
  it may be that luke had a dark moment before the accident though ... 
  and you could just fucking say where the thing is, 
  this , a thousand times . 
  thank you, 
  well we have harsh laws but people smoke in the street in my place ... 
  dude , we are not brainwashed . 
  those statues , the latin and literature you so despise are our tradition . 
  they are a physical representation of our identity , not programming . 
  moreover , you can learn programming even if you 've spent your teenage years studying greek , but who would do the opposite later in their life ? 
  it 's essential to keep on teaching our traditions and culture in schools . 
  harvesting olives this way hurts the tree and gets you less olives the next year ... at least this is what i was told by some farmers who make the oil i use ( i 'm from central italy ), 
  there 's a technique called `` brushing '' , where you use a small plastic rake to `` brush '' the branches letting the olives fall on a net under the trees . 
  there 's the possibility to just wait for the olives to fall on their own , but this will produce bad quality oil . 
  and this shaking method can be done with smaller machines you can personally handle too . 
  it 's not about a luxury , this method is actually the cheapest . 
  once you have the machine , you can harvest your field alone instead of paying additional workers . 
  they can afford it of course , this people own thousands of trees and know what they 're doing , but they put quality as their priority ( which also means pricier final product ) . 
  tuscanians always have a sense of humour ahahah, 
  wow , this video is amazing !!!, 
  thanks for sharing !, 
  i 'll be playing with her next thing friday !, 
  hello and thanks for the ama !, 
  i wish to ask the following question :, 
  if it 's possible to induce a person to have a fake memory , is it possible to do the opposite ? 
  can a person actually forget an important event from their past ( willingly or not ) ? 
  and , if yes , how can this forgotten memory be remembered again ? 
  what jobs could the `` ai revolution '' create though ? 
  thanks for the answer !, 
  i 'm playing the classic version from 1999 even though i got it on steam so i guess my system should be able to handle it ( i often play hw2 on this laptop since when the game came out and it never lags or crashes ) . 
  but i have a nvidia gforce 103m , dual-core processor t4300 clocked at 2.10 ghz and 4gb of ram . 
  i 've downloaded the latest drivers for the gpu yesterday . 
  may it be the splendor mod ? 
  i tried to load the last saved game before the crashing mission without the mod but the game crashes after the cutscene anyway . 
  i 've now tried to change the renderers settings ( they 're available with the splendor mod ) but nothing changes . 
  maybe i should just replay the previeous mission and hope the game just fixes itself ... 
  replayed the previous mission , the game crashes anyway as soon as i exit hyperspace in the next mission . 
  this mod has it 's own launcher . 
  it 's not actually installed , you just paste its files in the hw folder and launch the game from the mod 's launcher . 
  i tried using the normal hw launcher instead , therefore not loading the modded game and i have the same problem . 
  it might be because the save file is from the mod ( even though it 's only changing the . big file and not adding ships etc ) though . 
  i guess i 'll have to give up on having a modern resolution and replay the whole campaign ... and hopefully it wo n't crash on me again !, 
  sorry for that ... 
  i thought gearbox would patch the classic versions in order to make them work correctly but nope, 
  i tried to load the backed up saves after reinstalling the game and i get a crash every time . . 
  i guess i 'll just have to replay the campaign without this mod . 
  it 's a pity though . 
  thanks for the help !, 
  yeah , instant . 
  why ? 
  i just hope the vanilla game does n't crash on me though !, 
  i 'll see , but thanks again !, 
  by the way , do you know if there 's a way to get wide screen resolutions to work on classic ? 
  great !, 
  thanks !, 
  many times i 've found myself thinking how would it be if this would happen to us . . how incredible would it be ? 
  i think that the whole thing of trying to make hw1 and 2 work together is really very hard to do and i do n't like trying to `` fix '' hw1 's formations into hw2 units . 
  i think the 4 races should have different tactical advantages rather than exactly the same possibilities . 
  also , yeah hw2 races get free strike crafts but are n't their squadrons balanced to the single hw1 ones ? 
  it should be like that , with an interceptor squadron being as important as a single hw1 interceptor imo . 
  plus , hw1 races have more corvettes and strike crafts variety , and missile destroyers , does n't this count as an advantage ? 
  i 'd like to see strike crafts playing a more important role . 
  right now flak frigates just chew through them ( which of course it 's what they 're supposed to do ) really really easily . 
  i 'd like to see them be more effective at , literally , strikes . 
  i think tactical fleet simulator does a great job at this and some ideas from this mod could be implemented in the mp . 
  for example : 6 or more bomber squadrons being an actual threat to your ships if you do n't have interceptors to help flak frigates . 
  i do n't know if you would feel better , but he was born millionaire . 
  his grandfather was a president of the italian republic and his father one of the most important publishers in italy . 
  the einaudi family is to the italian left parties what berlusconi was for the right ones . 
  if you plant them in the right place , they survive and more or less grow like normal trees . 
  source : a friend who `` freed '' his olive tree bonsai planting it in his garden . 
  ear plugs only go so far anyway , if you 're sitting right in front of a big brass section . 
  he should have requested a sound screen ... 
  hey i 'm going to karlstad next week !, 
  hope my train stays on track ahahah, 
  i really liked what he said about the detach\u00e9 . 
  it really gave another meaning to the whole phrase, 
  it 's pretty rude though ... 
  i do n't recommend you using this gesture with people you do n't know ;-), 
  some people who get caught stealing are actually just old folks who feel too ashamed of going to eat with the homeless etc. 
  i know it sounds strange but i heard that several times, 
  looks great !, 
  love the roof too , i do n't understand why people are complaining about it ... yeah it 's unrealistic maybe but who cares, 
  well , because in real life even really old houses do n't have curved roofs . 
  but what i was saying is that this does n't matter for me , since this is a game and reproducimg real life structure would be quite boring . 
  love your videos by the way !, 
  been a subscriber of yours for a long time :-d,
