  sorry man . . 
  some teachers have this thing were they make you lose confidence and then the nerves kick in, 
  un ` altra `` sei a favore dell ` immigrazione dalla romania ? '', 
  no , guarda ... \u00c8 vero che c ' \u00e8 un problema ma visti quelli dell ` sd io piuttosto voterei pannella . 
  but really xanax for playing ? 
  what the hell ... 
  they did n't ban the headscarf they banned the full face veil . 
  it 's a matter of security and being able to identify people, 
  should have voted for it before already !, 
  what were you guys waiting for fucks sake !, 
  rightfully so . 
  yeah sorry mate i read that after my comment !, 
  best of luck to all you scottish !, 
  i was so sorry when the last referendum happened . . my scottish friend was incredibly pissed and i could n't understand her english anymore, 
  yeah it 's incredible how familiar this landscape looks !, 
  even the corrosion of those hills in the background looks so `` earthy '' ... 
  yeah she 's from glasgow , so yeah , ca n't understand shit sometimes ahahah . 
  thanks for the luck !, 
  we need it in italy too eheh, 
  well we do n't know how many more terrorists have been captured before doing harm though . 
  because seafood , for us , is n't fish . 
  it 's shrimps and mussels etc. 
  i do n't know about a kind of risotto with actual fish in it . 
  we use tuna in rice salads though . 
  of course if you go to places made to scam tourists ... man , if the restaurant is n't full of italians , do n't go !, 
  bravo rome !, 
  what the fuuuuuck ... no , they sell shitty pizza because tourists can discern between good cooking and bad cooking . 
  there 's no pizza police so you got to be asking the locals were to go ( not the hotel receptionist ), 
  good . 
  this guy is a beast of a player :-d, 
  put them in the compost bag . 
  i 'm sorry but you must be misinformed ... european countries are economically exposed for billions of euros . 
  italy alone has circa 2500 companies operating in turkey who have invested more than 10 billion $ . 
  same for france and uk , germany has more invested but i do n't recall the amount . 
  for turkey , italy represents the 7 % of their import and 5 % of export , not to mention that unicredit bank is the biggest over there . 
  italian companies are also building a new bridge on the bosphorus . 
  the reason why european nations are `` supporting the democratically elected government of turkey '' is in hope that , whatever happens to the turkish people ( who cares , amiright ? ), 
  erdogan keeps on trading with us and does n't flood the continent with refugees . 
  it 's not because we do n't care for turkey , `` we '' do n't really care for human rights and being a bitch to erdogan would badly hurt us . 
  i take a 15 minutes break every 45 minutes of practice . 
  i try not to lose the concentration though , so i do n't play games or watch videos . 
  usually i just go outside and take some air ( i live in a silent area ) . 
  this allows me to go on for 6 hours a day and still have energy to go to the gym afterwards or at the pub with friends . 
  i am a very high energy person though and i found that doing other things after practice is just a matter of will and mental strength . 
  also , paying attention to y diet and sleep cycles is really important . 
  if you eat badly and sleep too little you 're not going to be productive in your practice or life in general !, 
  polizia municipale is n't real police and i 'm pretty sure i 'd get arrested straight away for a joke like this , in my region ... 
  it reminds me of san galgano church in tuscany !, 
  beautiful !, 
  fuck yeah , dude !, 
  i lo to bike in the rain !!!, 
  also in the snow it 's really fun, 
  and here i am , complaining like a moron because i have to lose 8kg ... you 're incredibly strong op !, 
  thanks for sharing your story :-d, 
  i like cellulitis, 
  le ho sorriso , ha sorriso pure lei e ho attaccato bottone . 
  i really do n't agree with the part about moderation . 
  one must not confuse elegance and moderation . 
  we 're not moderate at all , we 're not pc , our discussions often go on for a long time and we strive for excellence and passion , but we always try to do what we do with elegance . 
  i know it 's clich\u00e9 but i like the comparison with supercars . 
  a ferrari is n't a moderate , boring car but surely it is elegant ( yes , even the sportiest models ) if you compare it to a dodge viper . 
  as an italian who lives in scandinavia , lagom has nothing to do with roman moderation . 
  it 's like saying that raw tomatoes are the same as rag\u00f9 sauce ( bolognese for the foreigners ), 
  yes but in my opinion , an americanata describes something that is n't just too much but it 's also referred to taste . 
  what is sensed as bad taste , in particular . 
  we do n't have king size portions but we have lunch at the grandma , big dinners with lots of different kind of food and wine . 
  it 's just that we 're more refined maybe ? 
  i know it sounds bad but it 's what it is , after all ... we do n't have skyscrapers but why would we ? 
  even if we could build them , they would rape the skyline of our beautiful towns , would n't they ? 
  i do n't know , it 's just my opinion . 
  i would n't compare moderation with lagom though . 
  it 's a unicorn !, 
  most cities in the whole country are clean . 
  i do n't get the upvotes . 
  what italians consider to be a lot of alcohol is just the normality in uk , scandinavia , germany and eastern europe . 
  this is off topic , but just to let everyone know bianchi products are expensive because cost of labour in italy is really very high . 
  i hate it because i myself am italian and like italian bikes but i ca n't afford them . 
  i should make a video about riding in italy !, 
  it would go like this :, 
  oh look what a * hole bump * beautiful * wheel cracking sounds * view !, 
  * car nearly hits you overtaking at double the speed limit *, 
  but seriously , nice video ;-), 
  go , it 's amazing, 
  it must be really nice , and those bike paths are a dream !, 
  good for you :-d, 
  it 's a big mistake if you put yourself on the same level as the public . 
  dinnerbone is a developer , the public is just the public . 
  if mojang wants to hear people 's opinions they can set up a marketing department that filters hate mail or come here and read . 
  instead , they choose to be public on twitter and that has caused more than one problem already . . 
  this is the last playable stradivari guitar . 
  i do n't know about its price , but i do know that it 's a super delicate instrument and it 's not worth the risk of playing it often . 
  unlike other string instruments , the tension of the wood and strings in guitars is kind of low , so it does n't last long over time . 
  well , he 's one of the best baroque guitar players in the world . . my guess is they trust him ahahah, 
  well they get a phone , food , daily showers , a bed and some pocket money meanwhile they 're waiting for their documents to be done . 
  then they 're pretty much on their own unless they get the refugee status . 
  low welfare compared to what ? 
  scandinavia ? 
  yeah and what do you expect ? 
  of course they 'll try to get to a country where they can get the best standards of living . 
  they 're not stupid .
