  can we find something else to protect crops ? 
  io torno in zona mare in estate . . sto morendo . 
  you can hear crickets 24/7 in the mediterranean countries !, 
  anyway awesome , beautiful job !, 
  this will definitely bring me back to playing the game, 
  same here in italy !, 
  we used to have them . 
  i remember seeing a few when i was a kid , 20 years ago . 
  they 're gone now , thanks to pollution i guess . 
  the tweet says 37000 $ . 
  now that i use a kit for my rides , people tend to take me more seriously . 
  other cyclists say hi or al\u00e9 and even motorists take more care in overtaking me . 
  it 's amusing . 
  anyway , i feel much more comfortable cycling with proper shorts, 
  i know , right ? 
  even though all road users should be respected besides the reason why they are on the streets , what you said is totally logic . 
  but i guess it depends from country to country . 
  i am italian , and although i spend the winter up in scandinavia ( where drivers are extremely responsible and respectful , i must say ) i come back home for the summer . 
  when i cycle in my home town with no kit i still go faster than other cyclists who are generally just enjoying a stroll , and when they realise i am waiting to overtake them on the cycle path for example , they do n't move or do n't care much . 
  but when the same thing happens and i 'm wearing a kit and helmet they even apologise because i had to slow down !, 
  i guess , culturally , people have a lot of respect for `` kitted cyclists '' because they grew up knowing coppi , pantani and nibali . 
  i know , i 'm very sorry for you guys . . 
  i 've never been to the us and even though i 'd freaking love to see places like colorado i 'd feel a bit worried cycling around . 
  even though italian drivers are crazy and disrespect every rule , at least they are n't trying to kill someone . 
  one day i 'll come , rent a bike and get grinding i 'll wear a `` chianti classico '' wine jersey , maybe drivers will get a laugh out of it !, 
  ahaha alright i 'll make sure to shoot you a message !, 
  thanks !, 
  find climbs with a good gradient and sprint up . 
  that 's where you 'll feel like using more muscles , including glutes and calves . 
  i am having a slight issue with my right knee ( on a xc bike ) . 
  went to ask the guy who did my fit and he moved my saddle backwards a little , it 's better , but i am still feeling a bit of weakness in the front of the knee . 
  my right leg is not totally straight and i noticed my knee moving side to side while pedaling , is it ok ? 
  would getting clipless pedals improve the situation ? 
  the discomfort happens mostly at the beginning of my rides and stops once i warm up , then i notice it again after 20-25km . 
  now i 'm doing 30km almost every day and i 'd like to do more but really do n't want to get injured . . any advice ? 
  it would be much appreciated !, 
  last week i wanted to get my gears indexed right before heading out to the mountains . 
  so i brought my bike to the nearest mechanic , as i did n't have time to get to the guys who normally do maintenance on my bicycle . 
  well , i asked him to check the gears and he started talking shit about the place where i got my bike , saying it was never set up correctly etc etc. . 
  i shut up , he finished his job and gave me a saddle bag for free , and i bought a couple tubes . 
  10 minutes later i could n't shift in the small chain ring . . 
  moral of the story , either you keep on looking around until you find the jesus of mechanics or you learn bike fixing by yourself . 
  personally , i do n't trust myself too much so i bring the bike to get checked before offroad rides or longer rides in general . 
  thanks for the advice, 
  yes i have already booked a visit with a sport physician !, 
  the guy who fitted me put me on a trainer on my bike and used some ( i guess ) laser lights to get the right fit . 
  i do n't know how he did n't notice this side to side movement or if at the time it was n't noticeable , it was when i just started getting into the sport and then i had to stop for a long time ( working in finland . . ) . 
  anyway here in italy bike shops still have a very amateur-ish approach unless you buy a very expensive bike , but at the same time there 's a factory here that makes custom racing bikes . 
  so it 's kinda `` all or nothing '' and it 's hard to be taken seriously if you do `` just '' 100km a week . 
  nice !, 
  there 's also a cycling road planned to connect central italy to bologna all along the adriatic coast . 
  it 's a beautiful scenery but you 'll never be far from the cities and villages in the area . 
  the tdf is like running a marathon every day though . 
  if you have a decent bike and a good fit you can cycle many many miles before getting injured , as a recreational cyclist or semiprofessional . 
  pro cyclists who get to be in the tour are no average human too , they 're genetic freaks . 
  and i know old retired guys who are fast as hell on climbs and have cycled all their life . . 
  yes !, 
  hopefully it will be done soon and well , but we 'll see . . italy is n't known for the quality of its roads . . 
  unless you 're in the alps of course, 
  what do you mean `` random '' ? 
  it 's always cold !, 
  he 's probably dressed for a summer evening ahah, 
  i 'd guess it 's your diet . 
  try to eat more vegetables , steamed or raw , like broccoli , spinach , cauliflower ... more fruit too , it helps !, 
  when i cramp is because i am travelling and ca n't find good food . 
  oh i eat meat and fast food ( sometimes ) as well , but i follow the mediterranean diet . 
  everything is accompanied by vegetables and olive oil . 
  i just go by feel , but i avoid fried foods and potatoes make a rare appearance in my kitchen . 
  i used to follow a diet made for me by a nutritionist who follows my town 's soccer team and i had pasta every day . 
  100gr ( weighted raw ) of pasta with different vegetables at lunch and a little fish/chicken breast with as much salad as you want and 40gr of bread in the evening . 
  white no added sugar yoghurt or fruit like apples and orange when you 're hungry . 
  this plus cycling works really well for me . 
  i 'm 1,70 cm though so i need less calories than you probably . 
  edit : avoid cheese unless you exercise a lot . 
  in tampere ? 
  dude until when can you keep on riding ? 
  november maybe ? 
  wow man !, 
  what tyres do you recommend ? 
  i will be working in jyv\u00e4skyl\u00e4 this year . 
  i take the chance of asking you , because i know no cyclists over there . 
  i used a 450 $ bike to commute to my faculty . 
  always locked it with two good locks ( u-lock and a quiet beefy abus chain ) , never had a problem and other bikes have been stolen there . 
  the locks are heavy so it was a pleasure to ride without them at the end of the week . 
  actually yes !, 
  it 's not a very light bike at 13kg without empty bidon and both locks added 3,5 kg . 
  there 's a quite steep climb on the way home and at first i had to dismount and walk halfway through it . 
  after a while i could sprint almost all the way up without the locks and now i just have to push a bit , with the locks and backpack . 
  i think it 's nice training, 
  thank you so much !, 
  as someone already said you 're a badass !, 
  to be honest , i 've never met a finn who was n't a total stud . 
  what surprises me is that korea did n't surpass us earlier , since we 've been basically stuck for what , 30 years ? 
  mutuo ? 
  le stendi al sole ? 
  i always turn around before signaling , you have to get an idea of who is behind you . 
  glad you 're fine man !, 
  sprint up short hills , go down and repeat . 
  been cycling more than usual the last two months and my trousers already feel tighter, 
  noob question : i 'm switching from 700x35c schwalbe delta cruiser tyres to same sized schwalbe marathon .
