  that 's not the point in my opinion . 
  gmos ca n't be fertile plants because they would be dangerous for the environment . 
  since they 're modified to be stronger than normal plants , there 's the risk of them reproducing out of control in the wild , as happened in the past with horses , rabbits etc. 
  this , i think , is a more serious issue than the patent of the seeds . 
  also , we do n't really need gmo plants to survive , to be honest . 
  there 's a lot of land space which is used to feed cows etc and it 's proven that that 's just a waste of space . 
  gmos do n't have seeds , what are you talking about ? 
  good stuff man !, 
  thanks for the inspiration, 
  i do n't know about other people , but most of the time i listen to youtube videos while playing myself and check what the guy is doing from time to time , so if i were you i 'd consider a better microphone for sound quality . 
  also , most famous youtubers got their subscribers because of their sharp personalities . 
  i know it 's not easy talking to a computer but you may try to sound less shy and to be more enterteining i guess ? 
  i do n't want to offend you in any ways so i hope i do n't sound harsh ^ ^ if you want to get a lot of views though be prepared to work a lot because there 's plenty of minecraft let 's plays already . 
  try to be special in your own way and good luck ^ ^, 
  yeah i know . . 
  i 'm a musician and hearing myself playing for the first time threw me off as well , mainly because if you do n't have a good mic the sound is going to be different than what you 're actually producing , either if you 're talking or playing an instrument . 
  but you get used to it after some time  nice choice of games btw , ps2 is awesome !, 
  to be honest , i think that this game needs constant development . 
  it 's not like an fps or a racing game , where you can write a nice engine and use it to make the experience more `` epic '' while the players focus on developing their skills etc. . . 
  in minecraft there 's not really a skillset to develop , you ca n't `` beat the game '' or really get the satisfaction you get from setting a record time on a racetrack or being at top of a scoreboard , that 's not the point . 
  i mean yes , you can learn redstone if you like it and get to know the mechanics of the game , or build more and more finding new nicer ways to arrange the blocks you have satisfying your creativity , but this is n't comparable to other games with a competitive side to them . 
  so in order to keep minecraft alive , developers must always find new features to keep players playing and people buying the game , and this features evolve with the community . 
  we will maybe get capture the flag one day , although it 's a lot more amusing to see etho and sethbling , for example , trying to find nifty ways to implement player detectors than having an already coded block that does this for you or even the game engine doing it for you . 
  you see what i mean ? 
  i hope . 
  yeah , i totally agree with you . 
  i hope that , in the future , more game developers will learn from the mojang team . 
  we ca n't expect big companies like ea suddenly stopping making dlcs and broken games that the player has to take as a `` closed box '' , but maybe the indy scene will be more powerful over the years, 
  it looks baller !, 
  good job and thanks for sharing !, 
  do you have any more screenshots to share , perhaps ? 
  i noticed the same problem when i tried to play with my laptop . 
  i used to get at least 45fps in vanilla or more than 70 with optifine and in 1.7 my laptop [ which is a quiete decent machine to be honest ] only gives me 20-30 fps , no matter what the settings are !, 
  i think they 've changed something in the code and the program `` eats '' more cpu power ... the game is still running awesomly on my pc though, 
  i really do n't know what they 've done !, 
  maybe there 's some hardware compatibility issues going on ? 
  have you updated your videocard drivers ? 
  it 's quiete strange to get so much tearing, 
  that 's annoying ... have you tried capping your fps at 120 ? 
  that 's how i play and i do n't have any problems ... 
  i 'm sorry for your loss :(, 
  oh maybe it 's just how your pc is handleing the game now . 
  sounds like before you where able to use all of your pcs performance for minecraft and now it does n't use all of its power for the game . 
  have you tried setting the game on a higher priority ? 
  i really do n't know man !, 
  the vb is vintage beef right ? 
  that 's nice man !, 
  lucky you !!!!!!!, 
  dang it, 
  i 'd love more sounds to be implemented in the game . 
  i was thinking this just yesterday while playing ... for example , biome and height dependant wind noise would be very nice if it was to start only sometimes , not all the time of course . 
  also crafting noises !, 
  come on , we have a sound when we repair items but not when we craft them , and also we should have different sounds depending on what we 're crafting . 
  minecraft sounds sometimes are feel very repetitive . 
  why do we have the same sound for breaking leaves , grass , all the kinds of crops , tall grass , grass blocks , flowers ? 
  i mean , come on . . also , we 're given the option to set our own balance in the sounds but `` friendly animals '' controls the sound you make while walking as well !, 
  and the whole balance sometimes is crazy , like for me chests are bloody loud while i can hardly hear my footsteps . 
  i think that sounds should be addressed in the next update as well as biome dependant music and ambient . 
  yeah i was thinking the same actually !, 
  it would be nice to see the 1x1 and the 2x2 trees in the savannas !, 
  also they look better with the greener leaves i think, 
  i 've never used this program , but when i played on my laptop game booster 3 was helping a bit !, 
  it was maybe just a 7 fps boost but the game felt smoother, 
  game booster just shuts down unneeded processes for gaming , such as some windows services and autoupdate stuff that `` steales '' a bit of cpu from you . . nothing major , but it can make a difference  also , you may want to download ccleaner and malware bytes and get them to clear your computer . 
  a clean computer is always faster ^ ^, 
  i went from like 45fps on max graphics with optifine to 52fps , i guess it 's not bad !, 
  yeah !, 
  what the hell ... it 's a fully released game afterall xd, 
  yeah !, 
  and you do n't need to build them , just grow saplings near each other with some bonemeal and bam , insta baobab ahah, 
  http://imgur.com/l7ifscp there you go  it 's a bit far from spawn but there 's this big plain and mushroom island and a huge huge mesa very near , plus another continent that you can see from the north beach of the island with colder biomes such as taigas and extreme hills , 
  no problem :d ah you spawn at the border beetween a forest and savanna . 
  the savanna was pretty epic to explore too , 
  etho has posted a few episodes ago how to change from normal to amplified , i guess it 's very easy to do the opposite . 
  the episode is called `` gone amplified '' i think . 
  look it up on youtube , 
  i love that roof !, 
  nice idea :d, 
  yeah that 's what i thought when a creeper blew up next to me in a forest the other day ahahah why is n't there any fire starting ? 
  it would be cool and add more sense of danger . . once you have iron armor , after all , creepers do n't do so much damage anymore, 
  it looks gorgeous !, 
  it looks like sweden . 
  like , exactly like sweden if you do n't take mesas , jungles and deserts into consideration . 
  i 've been in sweden a few days ago and it actually felt very similar to minecraft : absolute silence , taiga and forests everywhere that sometimes open into plains and big lakes and rivers all around the place . 
  i usually lock my fps at 120 . 
  opened this world , rendered it ... dayum 30 fps and lag spikes !, 
  lol, 
  i think it might be the render distance bug that is not actually fixed . 
  on my laptop too , i get very poor fps no matter what the render distance is . 
  even on 2 chunks i ca n't get more than 30 !, 
  while before i was at least at 50-60 on far render distance . 
  it 's like if the game is trying to keep loaded more chunks than what i can see, 
  an automatic sorting sistem , perhaps ? 
  since i 'm in the middle of an ocean and my base is in a plains island near a mushroom biome , you can imagine how many spawns i get ... 
  http://imgur.com/moapl1l this is what happens at night . 
  i do n't want to spam torches though !!, 
  yes i 'm doing bushes with jack ' o lanterns hidden under them , scattered around the base . . 
  it 's cutting the spawns but still it 's better to skip the nights ahah, 
  wow man !, 
  yep !,
