  i see . . he did n't handle it very well , 
  sure . . but if you 're asian or african , polish people do n't expect you to `` know the difference '' , this is what i 'm saying . 
  for sure a japanese would n't like being called chinese and vice versa , but it 's like they expect you to know the difference at first sight sometimes . 
  they can . 
  my gf is japanese and she very rarely guess wrong . 
  being with her i 've also learnt the differences beetween asians [ of course , beetween koreans and japanese or chinese , because there 's no way you can mix thai people with koreans , unless you 're blind ] , which are sometimes slim but do exist, 
  i see . 
  i have experienced the same , but i 've never met asian-americans . 
  of course we westeners have mixed up a lot , but it 's not `` races '' we 're talking about but nationalities . 
  the race is `` caucasian '' , or `` eastern-asian '' . 
  i 'm half spanish and half italian , but my race is caucasian just as much as germans and british . 
  i think that in the western culture we 've become very sensible about racism , at least most of us try to do so , i hope , while in eastern asia you still fill `` cantonese '' rather than asian . 
  the relationship beetween race and nationality is way more strict for you than for us , i guess, 
  what ? 
  an engineer in the oil business in italy makes 3500 $ / month and up to 6000 $ if he accepts to work away from home !, 
  edit : thanks for the clarification !, 
  i 'm no expert in asian history , but europe has seen quiete a bit of blood too . 
  just we italians have first slaughtered everyone from spain to jerusalem up to england , then we 've been conquered and invaded tens of times for the following 2000 years ... and yet , most of us are very open to other cultures and nationalities . . 
  some of us do n't like the germans but it 's not like we get mad if we get confused by an asian, 
  i see  well . . 
  i know it 's kind of a socialist system and it can get on your nerves sometimes , but seeing scandinavia [ and moving to sweden next month  ] from here , i just realize how bad wild capitalism is for the economy . 
  most of the italians are poor , they ca n't even afford to move out their parent 's house, 
  i too had a golden retriever . 
  he also probably had lymph node cancer ... 
  i say probably , because for his last year and a half i 've visited tens of veterinaries and no one understood what was going on . 
  i 've gone through hundreds of websites , trying to find out a cure and he was staying alive because i was able to feed him by myself . . in the end , i saw in his eyes that life was n't a thing he wanted anymore , when i came back home and he could n't move to welcome me like he did every time . 
  i think i 'll never cry so much and be thankful to anyone in my life, 
  but that 's like 20 minutes of sprint jumping if you go on a perfectly streight line and flat ground . 
  without going to the nether , you 'll need at least 40 minutes to travel 10000 blocks on the overlworld , counting that you move slower at night due to the mobs , hills , water etc. . . and then you have to come back . 
  maybe on a horse it would be easier , though, 
  yeah ... well now we kind of do n't have continents anymore , since all the kids wanted mojang to nerf oceans , and they `` listen to the community yay '', 
  man , i 'm having so much fun with the slime blocks !, 
  i 'm laughing like a kid jumping off cliffs on them ... ahahahah, 
  i 've generated a new world in amplified ... bad idea xd 0fps and the world is floading itself , basically, 
  hey !, 
  :d good luck !, 
  be strong , you 'll do it !, 
  i am italian and i cook everything i eat , i can give you some advice on very good meals with low calories if you want :d, 
  i often think i want to see some of the extreme sides of earth . 
  i 'm 25 and i still do n't have the money to do it , but i want to go to the poles [ both of them , before the ice melts possbly ahaha ] , to asian , african and south american jungles . 
  i want to see some deserts , too . 
  i have a friend who went all across the sahara east-west with his bike and a couple friends , it 's so inspiring to hear the about the stunning beauty of this planet, 
  many people think that i want to become a well known musician ( we talk about classical music , i come from an internationally important musical family ) and follow the path of my parents . 
  actually , i 'd quiete like to have a nice teaching position , and a house with a garden, 
  ahahah yeah . . you know you can mash up mozart 's symphony no . 
  40 and the james bond theme ? 
  it 's pretty hilarious, 
  you can have gardens that do n't require a lot of care though . . depending on where you are, 
  why do you want to buy a car if you 're underage ? 
  can you even drive it ? 
  they 're being very greedy, 
  i 've met plenty of griefers in whitelisted servers . 
  they told me they were griefers , but did n't destroy anything because they enjoyed the community . 
  wow ... nice job !, 
  it looks great !, 
  are those renders ? 
  the outline of the blocks looks so great !, 
  nice buld btw , 
  do you need a flutist ? 
  i am a semi-professional currently playing for the swedish national orchestra academy :p, 
  that 's a bit harsh to do , do n't you think ? 
  it 's pretty cool yeah !, 
  we 're playing ravel 's concerto for the left hand and the concerto for orchestra by b\u00e0rtok in a couple weeks , i ca n't wait !, 
  yeah . . 
  well , good luck !, 
  keep up the good work and i 'm sure some day you 'll get the occasion to conduct an orchestra playing one of your pieces , 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvlcu1_notc there you go !, 
  not me , though , 
  in italy , we had a new party going from 2-3 % to 20 % + in 2 years . 
  and here taking the 20 % is basically winning the elections . 
  trust democracy , vote for who you like the most not for the `` least worst '' like we 've done in italy for decades, 
  except for france , yeah ... 
  although in italy we currently have 5 millions immigrants , and at least a third of them comes from central africa, 
  i 'm euro and i would n't do that alone , as a 20-something women . 
  europeans can spot an american from miles away and there 's plenty of bad people in eastern europe , especially once you enter turkey . 
  there 's been several cases of rape , kidnapping , etc. 
  if you really want to do it and be safe , i 'd suggest to look into the interrail offers/take as many busses as you can . 
  edit : fyi turkey is a place where 14 years old girls are forced to marry grown men . 
  one girl has just been found shot after giving birth to her second child . 
  and they want to get this country in the eu . 
  how do you fit 50 jews in a car ? 
  you put them in the ashtray, 
  that 's such a first world problem , though . . on the other hand , the owner of the flat i rent to live in has changed the windows with the cheapest on the market and my house is humid as a greenhouse now . 
  plus , the electric system is 30 years old , as the water system , the floors and whatnot . 
  we 've never skipped a month of rent , of course . 
  rome is beautifull also because of the crazyness , i think . 
  where else in the world can you have all the things you can in rome ? 
  come on !, 
  ... paris ??? 
  moscow is a hell of a city . 
  you can get everything , food , history , sex , alcohol , drugs , clubs , you name it . 
  it 's damn cold though and very polluted . 
  st petersburg is also a pretty nice place , i heard, 
  `` towering alpine peaks '' in spain ? 
  where ? 
  the pirineus is n't that `` towering '' of a mountain range ... 
  as an italian i ca n't get enough of rome myself !, 
  ahahaha :d too bad i have to leave and go to sweden because there 's no future here :(, 
  lol sorry for the catalan ... 
  i did n't realize .
