  it revealed the mountains that were under the snow ? 
  why would they do that ? 
  its hard to map antarctica becasue of the harsh weather . 
  therefore they overlap old and new photos . 
  i suggest you look into how sattelite images are made . 
  noone is hiding anything from you . 
  wtf . 
  more like everyone is laughing at you op . 
  this is the most pathetic post ive ever seen . 
  the so called nwo is mocking you low intelligence levels and paranoia . 
  maybe instead of crying you can make your own newspaper and publish it there . 
  real newspapers usually only post about cases where certain conclusions are 100 % confirmed . 
  this in not the case when it comes to 9/11 ,, 
  maybe an ancient civilization of ayy lmaos ? 
  idk . 
  as much as id like that its not in any way realistic . 
  craig noone is a gay lizard frog . 
  he hides the truth about antarctica . 
  yes ofc there are sevral military installations blacked out all over the world . 
  is there a black out military installation in antarctica ? 
  well no one has proves that . 
  therefore i am the noble information guru . 
  very cheeky move, 
  tbh if i made these machines i would also rig them . 
  if there is a reasonable procentage to win you wont bring in much profit . 
  im half russian myself and i can confirm that 100 % of all russians ive ever met belive in the moon landings . 
  the articles you mentioned are just minor incidents of stupidity . 
  bullshit article . 
  fuck off with this shit . 
  why does evry other space faring nation acknowledge that the us landed on the moon ? 
  so , no it does not make the us looks stupid , it makes you look stupid . 
  they are turning the frogs gay !!!!!!!!!, 
  you can just build a nuclear bunker yourself you know ? 
  coco is such a douche thats why i love him, 
  rly ? 
  they dont do the deal . 
  you would have to have hundreds of them in a big base in the snow . 
  and last time i checked they dont cool you down . 
  hahahha peasants always deny science . 
  lmao . 
  this isnt proof of anything . 
  in the middle of the tour de france . 
  go for a beer ... haha . 
  you dont see this in todays cycle races . 
  and i love the way they carry like 4 tubes each , wasnt easy back then . 
  those carpets . 
  nice, 
  the earh is thicc, 
  yea mean the rock ? 
  that somehow looks like a mouse to some people cuz of paranolia . 
  we are mere peasants , to be completly honest . 
  if there is a war ( which is incredebly unlikely ) they need the most important people to survive . 
  those who know what to do . 
  i dont understand this shit anyways , why do you spread this fearmongering ? 
  thats fucked up, 
  those signs are usually called `` kirpich '' or basically brick , because of the brick looking thing in the middle of the circle . 
  this looks like a premium version , with an actual brick and the lid from a trash can . 
  rusty moose lmao, 
  she is the queen . 
  she doesnt need no peasant seatbelt . 
  i feel like its a lot of bullshit . 
  bring me credible evidence of them owning evry central bank exept for 3 . 
  the rothchild conspiracies have gotten to a point where its laughably fake . 
  hmm . 
  i feel like denying the moon landings is like denying science , by the way , all other space faring nation acknowledge that the us landed on the moon . 
  go tell that to the injured and the families of the victims , got balls ? 
  noone can prove the moon landing ? 
  well , thats just plain wrong . 
  this is a place for theories . 
  hardly any of the claims on this sub are confirmed . 
  hmm . 
  some of the modern architecture is actually quite good looking . 
  especially in norway . 
  doesnt match the good old prewar architecture tho . 
  bus-hunting not allowed, 
  why would someone spend timemaking this video . 
  where can i apply for russian citizenship ? 
  towel rows or whatever, 
  4chan is best described as `` weaponized autism '', 
  i recomend this video about cro cop : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etw0df-zll8 real good, 
  yes, 
  aww man , thats kind of sad, 
  what type of cat is that ? 
  what the hell ? 
  all rich and famous people have to sacrefice their soul ?? 
  okay then buddy . 
  rip, 
  i felt that uppercut tru my monitor, 
  sounded like a gunshot, 
  the biggest conspiracy here is why the road is called `` helsinkiroad '' , when helsinki is in finland . 
  hmm, 
  this might produce some incredible fighters . 
  what a ... boy, 
  operation barbarossa by far . 
  if not for that . 
  the war might have turned out diffrently . 
  the coin has an `` x '' on it . 
  thats the best i can do . 
  ooohhh !!!, 
  i like,
