  whats wrong about that ? 
  cant you think for your selfs ? 
  or are you blindely following everything the media says . 
  lmao, 
  lmao . 
  what are you on about ? 
  they have blacked out everything around him specificly to put him in focus . 
  maybe a coincidence ? 
  and how the hell is the utoya shooting a conspiracy lmao . 
  looks like a mountain dude . 
  plenty of them over there . 
  not really a naval officer tho . 
  hahah wow, 
  may i ask why people are so upset about this gentleman ? 
  personally i dont belive this . 
  bit to crazy for me . 
  it wasnt faked . 
  people who say that are usually anti-science low iq peasants . 
  well , that and the fact that he calls himself a flat earther . 
  thats why this video went viral . 
  ight cool , thanks for that . 
  but the 500 trillion estimate is very exaggerated . 
  what an abhorrent bullshit article . 
  lots of missinformation . 
  this might explain something for you : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hogkzzc4co, 
  has anyone actually proven any of these conspiracy theories about antarctica ? 
  atleast you didnt steal a video ... oh wait, 
  they are littiraly forgiving anyone for their mistakes . 
  nothing new . 
  one pope even forgave the man who tried to kill him . 
  whats wrong about a meeting for a lot of wealthy and influencial people ? 
  i dont see the conspiracy here . 
  is it because most of them are rich ? 
  obama , aliens , gay frogs , jews, 
  its completly real . 
  the debate is about whats causing it . 
  overpopulation isnt a hoax . 
  its not a hoax . 
  its completly real . 
  why is the rear roll bar so low ? 
  on other pictures they are quite high up . 
  i dont see anything wrong with this . 
  why do people think this is fake ? 
  are they anti-scince or what ? 
  isnt that the guy that playes with keyboard and mouse ? 
  nice , i play with a keyboard myself . 
  which means there is hope , even for me, 
  those were actual nice people, 
  those conspiracy reporters are basically harassing him lmao, 
  wow , that was awful, 
  you would not be able to tell just by standing on the ground and looking . 
  lmao nice contrail dude, 
  thanks for giving me another video to dislike and report for stupidity, 
  nice thanks ;d, 
  turret still pointing against berlin, 
  either an error or just timezone issue, 
  i play on keyboard aswell , however i also use the mouse for boost and jump . 
  yes, 
  how do you manage to use the quarries when someone could just build over and steal yo shit ? 
  im a solo player myself an i usually build in the snow or other areas wich are far from where there is a lot of people . 
  and try to build close to a radtown to greatly speed up progress . 
  haha , all evidence goes against this being a fake event . 
  im from norway myself and ive spent a lot of time right were the blast went off . 
  what a stupid conspiracy . 
  because the bus can take a lot of people . 
  an ambulance cant . 
  and there were lots of injured people . 
  they fill up the bus and send it off to a hospital . 
  really isnt that hard . 
  its a piece of debrie stuck in her head . 
  i would bet that kind of hurts . 
  and when your in such a situation you are fueld by adrenaline and would probably manage to get up on your own . 
  not with a piece of debree stuck in her head . 
  thats what ive heard . 
  have you tried yourself ? 
  well , it looks very bad and im sure it is . 
  but she was very luck since the stick didnt pierce her brain . 
  and life is full of `` if \u00a8 s '', 
  well , do we really have evidence on that ? 
  haha what ??? 
  what are you people on about ? 
  she is there for solidarity for what happend at her previous concert . 
  she is helping the victims and the families cope with the tragedy . 
  you are properly fooked up m8 . 
  this is real life . 
  not a video game . 
  blod usually doesnt splatter all over the place when someone is shot . 
  idk dude , quite a few people were killed and many were injured . 
  personally i dont belive that there is anything fishy about this attack . 
  `` truth bomb '' lmao . 
  fukushima isnt as bad as many people say it is . 
  `` getaway for the elites lol . '', 
  maybe they serve hotdogs at the church . 
  hahaha . 
  lmao . 
  `` the elites this and that '' . 
  this is just getting stupid . 
  oh and that is tower bridge . 
  not london bridge . 
  lmao,
