  yes , keep going on about my spelling . 
  and , yes he is actually a captain . 
  check the video description if you still dont belive it . 
  well , thats a plan to help combat climate change . 
  if you belive it isnt you have to provide proof for that . 
  i know . 
  it was quite hilarious . 
  but , if you disagree so strongly . 
  why dont you provide even better proof of `` chemtrails '' actually existing . 
  it did do a better job of providing proof that `` chemtrails '' as most conspiracy people know them . 
  dont exist . 
  i posted this video to prove that chemtrails dont exist . 
  i aslo belive they dont exist . 
  i posted it here to debate most the `` chemtrail stuff i see on this subreddit . 
  quite embarrasing . 
  well , shit . 
  i did it to debate people who belive chemtrail exist . 
  title was recommended by reddit . 
  alrity then . 
  ive sent you an offer for your bowie . 
  i mean . 
  when a plane hits a fortified concrete building there wont be much of it left . 
  how the hell did she get there tho ? 
  did she try to commit suicide ? 
  or maybe those are just contrails . 
  so because there its a pizza commerial its a conspiracy . 
  remote controlled cars . 
  lmao, 
  what a shit video . 
  he hardly presents any evidence that cant be explained by the official story . 
  he also says that the terrorist attack in oslo in 2011 was a false flag because the terrorist wasnt caught on any cameras . 
  exept he was . 
  what an abselout bullshitter this guy is . 
  im from norway . 
  my dad used to work in the building he blew up . 
  we were at the post-attack memorial . 
  i know what im talking about . 
  i feel like this loses all credablility when the site is called `` awakeningforums '', 
  lmao, 
  i feel like its probably true tho . 
  thanks for your kind comment . 
  `` waking up to the truth '', 
  its sounds really tacky whith all this `` woke '' stuff . 
  site is prolly great . 
  i probably am . 
  really ? 
  is this supposed to be evidence of some sort of `` false flag '' ?? 
  sure , its quite wierd . 
  but , facial expressions arnt really proof of anything . 
  whats with the water hoses then ? 
  are they just for show ? 
  i would have tought that they use it to sort of prtect themselfs from the gas . 
  lmao, 
  people in the comments even say noone died . 
  i find the whole sandy hook conspiracy sickening and pathetic . 
  a classic case of america . 
  is this real ? 
  ( probably not ) if so can someone link the article ? 
  nasa ?? 
  could just be contrails tho . 
  couldt it ? 
  the sun is truly shit . 
  but , i mean ... they arnt wrong about the headline ... 
  i tought that was to combat climate change ? 
  noone has proven the opposite . 
  every event or terrorist attack is a `` false flag '' conspiracy on this sub . 
  jews have outsmarted and outplayed everyone else , so therfore everyone is mad . 
  lmao, 
  thanks :d, 
  thank you !, 
  for starters you can try getting rid of that meme music and those sheit effects . 
  cool otherwise :d, 
  thanks :d, 
  thanks :d, 
  thanks :d, 
  he can just become an astronaut himself , that will shut him up . 
  not that hard . 
  is it used ? 
  wow , this guy just brought up some certain secens without any context at all . 
  what an abseloute sheite video . 
  lmao, 
  what is this memery ? 
  his `` proof '' is retared . 
  `` in my opinion this and that '' and `` my dad this and that '' , `` the blood splatter is not real '' well you see this is the real world . 
  lmao, 
  its real . 
  looks completly real . 
  photografer just got a good shot . 
  yea , you see , thats not prrof of anything right there . 
  `` flat earth proof '' lmao, 
  what a shit video . 
  shit video . 
  ... rather video and editing was great . 
  but the guy who made it speaks bullshit and is a retard . 
  his proof is shit as well . 
  but great vid otherwise . 
  alright , thanks :d, 
  that was the wierdest thing ive watched . 
  holy shit !, 
  its the salad guy .
