thanks a lot for that !, 
  thanks . 
  the reason i wanted to go down the line was because many odf the tanks in that tech three are rearly played . 
  it find it fun to play them . 
  sort of like a hidden gem . 
  :d again thanks :d, 
  `` obsessively greet their own countrymen . '', 
  haha funny one . 
  the cdc is really good late game , early on you should either play it as a scout or as a support tank sitting at the back and constantly pumping shots into your enemies . 
  and try not to get hit . 
  it has cardboard armour . 
  but the rediculously large hitpoint pool makes up for it . 
  i love my cdc, 
  amx cdc or the ravioli . 
  both great credit makers . 
  they should buff the strv-42 . 
  they could give it better gun depression and maybe some speed . 
  im on eu , but i havnt tried this 1v1 thing . 
  where do i find it ?? 
  would like to give it a try . 
  okay , thanks :d, 
  are u on about sacriel ? 
  if so , i think he is paid to promote the game . 
  churchill iii and strv m/42 -57 . 
  both are kinda shit . 
  armour dosnt hold up if its not top tier , and its really slow . 
  but i suppose you could do well in it if you lean its playstyle . 
  wow , that 911truthnews site really spew up a bunch of bs . 
  `` makes it much easier to assert dominance and control and create division . '', 
  you debunked your own myth there m8 . 
  jews are powerful because they have outsmarted everyone else . 
  dont see a problem with that . 
  yes , maybe the government does poison us . 
  but you cant prove that with such a bs picture . 
  conspiracy memes like those are laughable . 
  found a winchester in one of those tall hunting stands in the north near krasnoye and stary yar . 
  yea fixed it . 
  well im playing on a laptop myself . 
  so one could probably make it look even prettier . 
  okay , may i ask . 
  how does one go about entering these 1v1s . 
  im on the eu server . 
  is it usually the special battles tab ? 
  yea . 
  it works in stronghold battles . 
  but can be quite hard with 5 cromwells rushing you . 
  when i played it i taught it was op as hell , i played it stock ( exept for engiene ) . 
  its good even when its bottom tier . 
  great armour and the stock gun is good for its tier . 
  but the lack of speed was quite frustrating . 
  the archer is even more frustrating to drive , cause you have to drive it backwards . 
  alrity then . 
  thanks, 
  easy to play ?? 
  p a t r i o t bro ... that thing is op, 
  yea i agree . 
  but somehow i have managed to do quite well in both . 
  :d thanks tho, 
  nah , i got myself a new crew for the 416 since i will proabably play the a-44 some more . 
  the xvm colors make wot not as dull as it usually is . 
  that and win rate tracker is why i keep it . 
  yea , you are doing quite well !, 
  keep going !, 
  well , im probably not the one to ask since i only have 1600 battles myself . 
  but one tip could be to watch streams and youtube videos on the game . 
  i personally learned a lot from watching quickybabys videos . 
  well , hopefully they wont end up as sweden . 
  wait for other people to get on their level ? 
  idk, 
  `` trumpshits '' - hilarious . 
  i live in norway and i am constantly told by my fellow swedes how bad it is . 
  you can take a trip to malm\u00f6 and see for yourself . 
  no , the game seems very empty without it . 
  i wouldnt do that if i could . 
  dead teammates can provide valuable information wich can help you locate tanks and win the game . 
  i have see this many times when unicums help noobs win 1 on 1s by guiding them . 
  even tho one rarly meets people who are as nice as that . 
  well , this was just to showcase norways superiority when it comes to their prison system . 
  not really about him and how people think about his opinions . 
  amarite ?? 
  how reliable is that website ? 
  much of it is clearly conspiracy jargan . 
  that article is full of psudoscientific bs . 
  just dont run into it dude, 
  shhh, 
  that machine is actually pretty cool . 
  good for keeping the peasants out . 
  lol, 
  they are very sucsessfull bankers , but once one one of them dies someone else in the family is going to take his place . 
  nothing to do with the pizza theory . 
  sweden has a very broad defenision of rape . 
  sadly this has happend a lot over the last year in sweden . 
  thats fucked up . 
  using your kid to promote some bullshit conspiracy theory . 
  if you cant aim . 
  its prolly not the fault of the mice . 
  those are all very good . 
  you can try lowering you sensetivity and keep practising, 
  haha . 
  funniest yet .
