  they bully hunters , yet they trow donkeys off towerblocks and stab cows . 
  ahh spain < 3, 
  and her facebook appears to be flooded with death threats and other shit . 
  sad . 
  thats just waiting to get hacked, 
  i like my monarchy, 
  he visits a predominantly black country and there are black people welcoming him . 
  wow . 
  but that picture is kind of cringy tho . 
  what pisses me off the most is that most the immigrants that are coming arnt even from countries where there are wars . 
  and look , most of them are male . 
  maybe im not in their shoes , but that is pathetic . 
  he looks like a fucking badass . 
  what a legend . 
  looks like some salvador dali stuff . 
  nice . 
  i have a cabin like 10 mins from there , in the fjord . 
  feelsgoodman, 
  bulgaria ? 
  kills capitalist pigs with his looks, 
  well , then these antifas are a bunch hypocrites, 
  hmm . 
  imponerende . 
  lmao . 
  aww man . 
  thats sad . 
  obligatorisk cyka blyat, 
  china namber one !!!, 
  im guessing brazil . 
  as long as he doesnt fall , he is alright . 
  long live fedor, 
  blyat , its hot in the sun, 
  the russians really sent a message there . 
  since no russian officials have ever been taken since . 
  holy !, 
  that one guy is really dark, 
  even communist russians would hate antifa . 
  there is such a big diffrence between old communism and these jokers pretending to be . 
  they would be shot in in soviet russia . 
  good boy, 
  her er sluttspillet : https://streamable.com/5xwr0, 
  t h i c c a f, 
  is it that laughable ? 
  yea ive taken a bit of exercises from those . 
  but was wondering if this one is usable . 
  is this one slightly less worse ? 
  no , im reading it right now and i think ill go for it . 
  maybe adding some exercises . 
  yea , but it looks like your fellow canadian is transporting the sputnik 1, 
  i decided fuck it and changed the one i made and will try it tomorrow . 
  we shall see what happens . 
  when you think about it nazism and communism were actually quite similar . 
  imagine if they had worked togethewr . 
  no , its just that i havnt ran like at all in quite some time . 
  and was wondering what to do ? 
  hmm . 
  it does have the highest mountain in europe tho , strange considering how flat it looks on this map compared to other coutries such as switzerland, 
  ty m8, 
  point is to run faster the next time , guess i have to be training in between the runs, 
  elektriske fly !, 
  for en legende, 
  imagine doing this almost 300 years ago . 
  what a legend, 
  russians man ... 
  eritrea-sheep and goats . 
  lmao they must have lots of sheep and goat-factories then, 
  idk m8 . 
  ive met plent of russians and some chechens and beth were nice . 
  russia is a big place, 
  almost every great civlilization troughout history has owned slaves . 
  history is brutal and there is nothing anyone can do about it . 
  diffrent time-diffrent morals . 
  looks more like its little brother , the mecan or the macan or whatever its called, 
  thats radical, 
  el flaco got el facked, 
  bet they are getting some really rad shots for those gopro compelations, 
  thats a dictatorship tho, 
  mhm . 
  dont think so, 
  well , most are either capitalist with socialist ideas , usually works well . 
  however , the succsess of full on socialism is relative . 
  i mean , the soviets made some rad music . 
  which is nice, 
  thats one dedicated carjacker, 
  you can see the iss from earth . 
  get a telescope and track it . 
  video is a disgrace to science . 
  lol, 
  it doesnt . 
  but there are sevral people who think it doesnt exiast at all . 
  bra deal, 
  you channel is full of stolen videos . 
  dumb shit, 
  lmao some people are saying 500 trillion trilllions my ass . 
  `` ur on some fucking pills boii !! '', 
  why dont they have this in the ufc ? 
  would make it even more hilarious to watch, 
  thats one of the coolest locomotives ive ever seen , dat aero, 
  i tought noone knew who he was ? 
  considering the witness protection .
