  here is an article : http://oceanservice.noaa.gov/facts/sealevel.html, 
  and here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sea_level_rise, 
  one word : r o a d s, 
  lmao . 
  a spiral . 
  end of the world, 
  theresa may is a pedo ? 
  lmao, 
  they use that place for testing ... 
  lmao, 
  hahah this donkey belives the earth is flat . 
  lmao, 
  best one ive heard today . 
  from what i know the rothchilds are just a powerful and wealthy family . 
  of course their way of becoming rich and powerful has been trough banking and possibly trough wars . 
  i still dont belive they are some sort of child eating lizards in a bunker in antarctica . 
  and chemtrails are sort of just a meme at this point . 
  that confrontation was just pathetic . 
  lmao `` new world order '' . 
  he might have something against the good ol georgie but that was just a loser move . 
  but , why would even someone bother to spy on the average joe ? 
  i mean isnt this a case of paranoia ? 
  i used to put a piece of tape on the camera on my laptop when i went for a wank , in case someone hacked my shit and caught me stroking the pipe . 
  meh , thats also just pathetic . 
  people should sit down and have a civilised descussion about whatever . 
  i learned it withing a couple of day when i was 13 . 
  once you get the hang of it , it will be very satisfying and very easy . 
  w i n d y, 
  cool car tho, 
  thanks :d, 
  and ? 
  prolly just chilled out . . 
  most of those theories have been disproven tho . 
  lmao tesla and a great pyramid of giza . 
  lmao, 
  well , dont look at it then . 
  those are some lights . 
  lmao, 
  whats going on in greenland ? 
  abseloutly nothing at all really ... 
  well , in this case chemtrails are good . 
  they can be used to alter weather and can also be used to combat climate change . 
  im just saying , there isnt any connection between them . 
  atleast no proven ones . 
  oh , and there is a small age diffrance . 
  in science , evolution is a proven theory . 
  if not , then it is the closest thing we have to the `` truth '' . 
  k , i give up . 
  `` mind control being used on them '' ... rly dude . 
  lmao, 
  the `` evidence '' with the watches set to 9:11 could just be coinsidenses . 
  they do research . 
  well , they didnt exactly do it on purpose . 
  lmao, 
  rothschilds are a big family . 
  that show of yours in about individual people . 
  rockefeller gave away millions to schools and colleges . 
  hahaha for real ??? 
  its a fucking song . 
  noone is programming anone . 
  from the yt comments : lol ` promoting cannibalism ' . 
  ever heard of a metaphor ? 
  she 's showing how women are objectified to the point of being like bits of meat , something to ` consume ' and treat with indifference . 
  it 's supposed to be unsettling to watch , because she 's showing the ugly side of our image-obsessed society which treats people as disposable commodities . 
  think for your self then . 
  not that hard . 
  how come we here in norway use more vaccines yet we have lower rates for litteraly everything ? 
  child mortality , autism etc. 
  the reason we dont go back to the moon is beacause we know litteraly everything about it , we have better maps of the moon than we do of opur own sea . 
  and its very expencive to continuesly launch these moon projects . 
  the reason we dont go back to the moon is beacause we know litteraly everything about it , we have better maps of the moon than we do of opur own sea . 
  and its very expencive to continuesly launch these moon projects . 
  what about all the other countries that have been to the moon ? 
  fake ?? 
  lmao, 
  `` flat earth '' l m a o, 
  false http://historylists.org/events/list-of-6-manned-moon-landings.html, 
  here is a list : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_lunar_probes, 
  no , im not . 
  sevral countries have sent probes to the moon . 
  i was reffering to that . 
  if we can send a probe to the moon , why cant we send men to the moon ? 
  why would you spend your time doing that . 
  cmon now, 
  das some fake lizard shit boii, 
  basically describes this quote perfectly : `` love has no boundaries '', 
  lmao , thats simply not true, 
  this guy belives the earth is flat . 
  lmao whatever buddy ... 
  personally , along with possibly all scientist and people who have an understanding og physics and science i do belive its completly real . 
  but some of these conspiracies are kinda entertaining to read . 
  okay whatever , belive what you want about nasa . 
  but that dosnt speak for the sevral other countries that have flown into space . 
  what an awful video . 
  you might doubt that science has come this far , but this video isnt proof of anything . 
  there is no proof at all of that event being one of those `` false flags '' at all . 
  i live in norway myself . 
  the guy said : `` we can not orbit earth '' really ? 
  lmao interesting video tho , but i belive it isnt proof of anythin . 
  probably because people in europe are more intelligent .
