  they probably made such a wierd video so that its talked about and spread . 
  that equals more money . 
  `` fake space science '' really ? 
  ahh okay !, 
  thanks :d, 
  fook off ya cunt . 
  i got the answer i was looking for . 
  what are you on about ?? 
  you twattin robot, 
  thank you !, 
  none of what that video showed is evidence for your alleged `` green screen acting '' theory . 
  you say you study real science yet you belive the iss is a green screen . 
  lmao . 
  here you go , really looks like a `` green screen '' dosnt it ? 
  you are right about the more than one shooter thing . 
  but thats still not enough evidence to support that theory . 
  breivik himself called the police from the island saying that he would surrender . 
  thats why they knew his name so early on . 
  and norways special forces were not prepared for sometrhing like this . 
  i mean ... its norway . 
  perhaps one of the most peacefull countries in the world . 
  and the article you linked is full of bogus . 
  as if an american had written it . 
  so , no im not ignortant . 
  i just like to call out bullshit . 
  looks like a small pond/lake . 
  plenty of those in that area if you look on the map . 
  no , in my opinion that looks completly real . 
  haha . 
  this guy belives the earth is flat . 
  lmao ty for this . 
  best ive seen in a while, 
  idk dude , looks very real to me . 
  lmao . 
  the anti-science gang is at it again . 
  it all about perspective and reflections . 
  thats why the space suit looks so dark . 
  ive sent an offer for the flip knife vanilla, 
  i sent an offer for the flip night, 
  hmm , interesting, 
  mr. spaghetti at it again . 
  fascinerende, 
  crisp clean lock bois, 
  was reffering to this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c3ikpenhugy, 
  yes , archipelagos with lots of small islands would be awesome . 
  this is just a drill . 
  are people suggesting the people that were klilled and injured were actors ? 
  lmao, 
  haha . 
  one of the pictures is mount st. helens hahaha what is this memery . 
  lmao, 
  they are just showing some respect dude ... 
  apparentyl no terrorattacks are real , atleast what ive heard from this reddit, 
  the reason africa couldnt defend it self from colonization was becasue they were busy fighting each other . 
  so the eurpeans just came in and claimed it cuz why not . 
  what we today know as history is the closest we have to the truth . 
  history always changes as we make new discoveries . 
  so , no . 
  history isnt all lies ... 
  what about all the people that saw the car run into the crowd ? 
  i sorry but saying this is cgi or something is just bs . 
  belive what you want but there isnt enough evidence to support that theory . 
  haha . 
  look at all the retards in the comment secion of that video . 
  lmao . 
  they all belive the earth is flat . 
  lol, 
  maybe they are sick of conspiracy theorists saying everything was fake and whatever ? 
  idk, 
  this is just a drill . 
  all of the people who stod around and those who were injured . 
  so you are suggesting that the hundreds of people who saw it are paid actors ? 
  and all the video and photo evidence was faked ? 
  im sorry , but that goes beyond common and reasonable sense for me . 
  haha . 
  why are there pictures of punt guns in there ? 
  is that supposed to be evidence of giants ahahahahhaha . 
  l m a o, 
  could it possibly be a drill ? 
  its possible to take a cruise boat over there and just look at the place . 
  and i recently had the pleasure of speaking to a man who had walked to the south pole alone on skis . 
  im sorry but this isnt really proof of anything . 
  anyone can post pictures saying these are the victims . 
  seems like this guy swallowed it whole . 
  even 4chan made a fake victim list which was shared by many idiots . 
  that harvard project is to combat global warming ... 
  hyperloop , hmm . 
  are they painted ? 
  or maybe they are very expenisve if they are . 
  how much for troika and how much for octavian cobalt ? 
  and how much for the spiralis ? 
  for which of them ? 
  alrity then . 
  ill trade you the 3 crates for the zombas . 
  add me : http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198126023909/, 
  that video has got to be the fakest shit ive seen . 
  i mean a full explenation of the fakery is given in the youtube comments of the video . 
  lmao, 
  l m a o, 
  funniest shit ive seen in ages .
