  is the svalbard seed vault seriously a conspiracy ? 
  it holds nothing but seed from all over the world . 
  my dad has even been there . 
  no guards no nothing . 
  just a couple of locked doors . 
  but i suppose anything that is locked to the general public is a conspiracy ... 
  how about the people that die ? 
  guess thats a conspiracy aswell ? 
  actors ??? 
  lol, 
  has anyone actually proven any mass shooting a `` false flag '' ?? 
  or is this just a bunch of conspiracy jargan ? 
  all i found was `` false flag debunked '' stuff on the internet from legitimate sites . 
  so because she belonges to a whealthy family she is automaticly a child eating satan woreshipper ? 
  why is she a conspiracy ? 
  anyone got some good proofs ? 
  obilisks are now a conspiracy lol . 
  many cutures all over the world have them ... 
  nothing special . 
  as stated it says this is an experiment to slow down climate change . 
  `` chemtrails '' have been debunked before . 
  unless one can prove that they are for some sort of mind control its not really a conspiracy . 
  solar freaking roadways !!, 
  that spoiler ... 
  has he had that in a wind tunnel ? 
  `` mars is on devon island , canada and this is where nasa will fake all make-believe mars missions . '', 
  what a pathetic video and what a pathetic little man . 
  he even mentioned flat earth . 
  hahahah lol, 
  however you can see it from space . 
  here you go . 
  or wait , let me guess ? 
  this is some cgi by nasa ... lol, 
  `` there 's not a single non photoshopped picture of earth from space '', 
  well , thats were your wrong kiddo ... 
  lmao, 
  the footage i linked is from space . 
  wont see that many clouds `` moving '', 
  mate ... you belive the earth is flat and im the idiot ? 
  here you go : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0oluyrxxgkw, 
  another style of filming were the clouds are in focus . 
  alrity then , hard cold evidence : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i2dtxb3o3dw, 
  sevreal arguments are provided . 
  earth isnt a globe ?? 
  lmao, 
  yes , certainly seems as so . 
  interesting . 
  thanks . 
  i read it however it is kinda strange how there has been vertually no talk about this in norway . 
  `` almost every major terror attack that has taken place in nato countries over the past few years has been a hoax '', 
  you sure about that . 
  because if that was true there would be a lot more talk . 
  i do belive you are very wrong however . 
  thats actually quite smart . 
  rothchild wealt of about 500 trillion dollars . 
  top kek, 
  while many of these rotchild conspiracies are utter bullshit , some of least crazy ones might be on to something . 
  i do find it quite facinating and impressive how they managed to become so powerfull . 
  maybe they are just doing it to combat climate change , maybe they arnt trying to `` poison '' us . 
  maybe the conspiracy `` chemtrails '' are fake ? 
  just a tought . 
  maybe its quite reasonable to hide tech from the general public . 
  so that actual qualified people can work with it ? 
  explain the northern lights ( aurora borealis ) then . 
  could be small doses of that in the night sky that `` changes '' your perseption of the color of the night sky . 
  well , my best guess would be for them to know who sympathises and supports these terrorist groups . 
  im not debunking anything , but a passsport is small and could just have slipped trough a crack when the plane collided . 
  just like much of the office paper wich rained down from the buildings . 
  well , no not necesserily . 
  haha . 
  are people still crying about this . 
  its not as bad as it seems . 
  here is a good vid on it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-hogkzzc4co, 
  what a shitty title . 
  what the fuck is this fucking shit ? 
  `` the totally made up ` structure ' of dna closely resembles the satanic caduceus , seen here on the statue of baphomet '', 
  top kek, 
  funniest conspiracy shit ive read in a long time, 
  honestly , worst shit ive seen . 
  no kidding . 
  cgi and props inside a zerog plane . 
  and you find the number 564,664 and make it out to be 666 . 
  lmao, 
  whats wrong with a jewish hospital ? 
  all jewish people are baby eating scammers planning to take over the world . 
  right ? 
  its all about perspective . 
  the 2nd photo is taken way closer , therefore making his face seem bigger . 
  litteraly nothing special at all . 
  probably just investing and doing business like they have done for the 300 years . 
  nothing special . 
  he didnt even say it was a theory . 
  he just said thats how it is . 
  and his `` proof '' is psudoscientific ,, 
  haha . 
  are you not ashamed for making conspiracies that are beyond retarded . 
  lmao, 
  yea , you see , thats was just the suggested title , as well as the title of the vid . 
  yupp , you know , he is also a captain and seems to know everything about aviation . 
  and if you actually bothered to watch the video , you would have been able to tell that he is not from an english-speaking country .
