  im i wrong in saying that the 911 conspiracy theory is still a theory until its tested ? 
  where in norway is this ? 
  like , what town ? 
  flat earth and science shouldnt be in the same sentence . 
  2wd beach buggy with those tires ... nah, 
  nah , i think dust 2 and nuke just swithed places . 
  taken out of the comments of the article :, 
  `` more evidence that the anti-gmo crowd can become anti-science terrorists . 
  attacking independent scientists , death threats , destruction of scientific research and now this !, 
  absolute disgrace . 
  the lack of morality of people supporting this based on a misunderstanding of basic science is appalling and the agricultural equivalent of someone bombing a vaccine laboratory because they think `` vaccines cause autism '' . 
  there may be disputes about various applications of gmo 's and the way that patent law or corporate industrial agriculture function but this act was nothing but violence borne out of ignorance . '', 
  there you go ... 
  thats cool, 
  nice, 
  `` demon soul '' lmao, 
  their wealth will prabably be passed down the family and som of it will prolly be given to charities . 
  why dont you fly out into space and see for youirself ? 
  not that hard . 
  just become and astronaut . 
  `` fake political party '' u fooking wot m8 ? 
  you know what ? 
  he is abseloutly correct . 
  those are some sweet looking contrails . 
  rubbish conspiracy article . 
  great , maybe they can learn something ? 
  kill your tv ... be less connected and informed . 
  a normal human being can think for it self . 
  to be fair this operation was quite a smart move by the us , they gained a lot of information and technolegy . 
  i would do that too . 
  infowars are full of shit anyways . 
  doubt that there is anything there tho . 
  lmao . 
  people seriously think this is some satanic conspiracy thing ... ive spent much of my childhood in that park . 
  and those are statues . 
  its the other way around . 
  there are sevral projects ongoing about how we can sucsessfully cool down the earth . 
  sandy hook conspiracy ? 
  dayum america you fooked up, 
  so noone has ever been to the moon ? 
  not even nasa ? 
  lmao bs alert, 
  a rock is now a conspiracy ... rock has achived much, 
  any evidence on some of these batshit crazy `` monsato '' conpiracy theories ? 
  yoo guys its joey salads ... lmao hahahaha what a fuckwit, 
  i ate pizza yesterday . 
  im clearly a part of a satanic baby eating freemason cult inside a bunker in antarctica . 
  lmao, 
  go into a wind tunnel and you can simmulate the same . 
  i agree , but one can go there as a tourist and even alone . 
  he is basically a meme . 
  thats all really . 
  a triangle !!!, 
  lmao thats just weak and pathetic , cmon now m8, 
  ice is melting . 
  you cant simply disprove that . 
  thats just there to scare away pigeons aka sky rats . 
  they are probably just contrails . 
  here you go . 
  turn on your brain and learn something . 
  you can learn something about carbon dioxide here, 
  much of the technolegy you people use is thanks to nasa . 
  wow . 
  was that it ? 
  lmao hahaha, 
  a 30 sec video just saying that its make up . 
  lmao, 
  yea , but dosnt the conspiracy revolve around some sort of mind/population control . 
  however thats all bs . 
  they are currently trying to cool down the earth to combat climate change . 
  nothing fishy really . 
  yes , of course . 
  whats there not to belive . 
  noone has come up with a more accurate map . 
  flat earth logos ?? 
  the fuck are you on about ? 
  lmao pathetic, 
  taxation is theft ?? 
  in norway we pay a lot more tax than you and we dont complain . 
  its a contrail . 
  rubbish article full of misinformation and bullshit conspiracy theories . 
  your little video isnt proof of anything . 
  and yes i do call out bs when i see it . 
  however . 
  nowadays , legal trophy huntig is actually benefitial for the preservations of animals . 
  the climate is changing and thats just a fact . 
  water levels are rising and so on . 
  the despute is about wheter we are fucked or not , and what has caused climate change . 
  so , denying climate change is just stupid . 
  you can however deny whats causing it . 
  no , that is completly real in my opinion . 
  personally i dont see a reason to not belive it . 
  one can just become and astronaut and see for your self . 
  not that hard . 
  well , that certainly is debatable . 
  but you are obliged to your opinion . 
  how come ? 
  litterally everything about that puny little theory has been debunked . 
  imperialism is pretty rad tho . 
  lmao,
