  hmm ? 
  no artem lobov sparring partner tho ... 
  if i remember correctly the thing is rear-engiened . 
  china nr . 
  can someone tell me in how many hours the fight starts ? 
  im completly confused by these diffrent time zones . 
  lmao , ur not supposed to push your head forward . 
  just hold your fingertips behind your ears and dont push . 
  deffo asian, 
  shame , islam was once great . 
  now its mostly seen as a big joke . 
  interestingly enough , islam and the middle east was once the centre of the intelectual universe . 
  karelin lost because of a new bs rule . 
  wonder how he would fare in an mma fight ? 
  nor do i , but thats what ive heard . 
  rulon was just to heavy for karelin to lift , he just layed there while karelin tried to lift him . 
  and rulon somehow won by points . 
  lmao a draw . 
  altough thats very good , cause it might happen again . 
  ready for ggg vs canelo ii, 
  det var en r\u00f8v video, 
  who brings a blimp to a protest ? 
  more like , when inflation hits a capitalism driven country and you 're middle class af . 
  they did win us ww2 tho . 
  wtf, 
  i think zelenoff is mentally handicapped, 
  i was thinking of teachin myself , no lessons with trainers . 
  thats what i did with snowboarding at least . 
  i think its disrespectful to kneel during the national anthem, 
  i feel like i cant do both at the same time . 
  or atleast progressing while doing them both . 
  so , if i buy some nice twintip skiis , will i have a problem in deep powder ? 
  or is it bearable ? 
  i have not come to the point where i have bought skiis yet . 
  however , i will see how i do on my first days . 
  if progress is slow , then ill get a trainer . 
  thats quite a cool picture actually , feels . . powerful . 
  ty m8, 
  hello . 
  im quite new to wot ( http://wot-record.com/profile/523857368/aleks3009 ), 
  i have about 1000 battles and i decided to go down the obj . 
  430 line . 
  decided to play this because i noticed it was rearly played . 
  i need to know what to use on the a-44 . 
  currently all i have equipped on it is a cyclone filter , large repaircat , large medkit and auto fireextingushirs . 
  and what crew skills should i use once i get to 100 % ? 
  and how should i play it ? 
  sidescraping and playing it sort of like a heavy ? 
  idk . 
  thanks, 
  are there achivements in dayz now ? 
  saw some posts about it ... 
  if so are they easy to get ? 
  what tank do you people look at as the most beautiful tank in the game ? 
  in my opinion its the amx cdc ( espesially with that bush camo ) . 
  the lines and curves on the cdc are just so nice . 
  kinda looks like a very aerodynamic racecar . 
  so a couple of days ago i asked you what the most beautiful tank in the game was . 
  now i want to know what you people look upon as the most hideous tank in the game . 
  maybe the tier 6 churchill gun carrier ( http://tanks.gg/wot/tank/churchill-gc#tab:garage ), 
  is this thing worth it for 3,750 gold ? 
  and is it fun to play ? 
  and is it even good ? 
  imo i think the armour looks quite weak . 
  thanks, 
  edit : not buying this sheit, 
  so im currently grinding the archer . 
  the tank that goes faster backwards than forwards . 
  i have gotten the upgraded tracks and the next thing im thinking of getting is the gun . 
  the 17.pndr-mk 7 since its quite good and is used on both the achilles and the challanger . 
  im using the gun rammer , camo net and binocs . 
  anyone have any tips on how to play it ? 
  and should i move my crew up with the rest of the tech tree ? 
  [ removed ], 
  which do you prefer ? 
  i want to get myself one of them . 
  however , they both seem to suffer from `` bad '' penetration and maybe not the best armour to face equal or higher tier tanks . 
  and does anyone know if the kv-5 will be on sale soon on the eu servers ? 
  [ removed ], 
  this might be the completly wrong place to post this but it seems to be the only place were one can actually get a response . 
  does anyone know what happend to the server : uk wasteland 1 ? 
  i had most my playtime on this server . 
  i loved it . 
  however , last time i searched for it i couldnt find it . 
  therefore i havnt played rust since the component system . 
  anyone know what happend ? 
  this is not an advertisement nor is it a complaint , this is just a quick question . 
  thanks, 
  [ removed ], 
  recently saved a demo from a kickass game i had . 
  and i want to shadowplay it and record it , but i dont want to bother now . 
  so , for how long do saved demos stay in the game ? 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  so , sadly david rockefeller passed away today . 
  but why are you celebrating ? 
  the man was a legend and a philanthropist . 
  i mean , i have heard some conspiracy theories suggesting some pretty bizzare things about him and his family . 
  but can you even prove it ? 
  edit : alright , some of you provided links wich is cool and all .
