  lmao . 
  here is a video that is dumbed down to your level : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pm8msuatqnu&amp;t=2s, 
  stupid shit like this pisses me off . 
  lol, 
  they melt because of gay frogs and crazy lizard people . 
  hmm . 
  can someone link me some proofs to the statement that suggests that the rothchild family owns all central banks ? 
  500 trillion boys . 
  lmao . 
  thats where i stopped beliveing that conspiracynut video . 
  nice . 
  wish i was there . 
  i kind of like the qx80 . 
  it looks like a hippo . 
  or some asian guy with a huge forehead . 
  looks like some sort of fancy chimney . 
  not sure tho, 
  probably because it was one of the worlds most important inventions . 
  w r o n g, 
  flat earth lmao, 
  this is why i love rust, 
  the blood is bought from blood banks and is then injected . 
  you dont drink it lmao . 
  whats wrong with this ? 
  just a question . 
  why is it so that most climate change deniers are from the us ? 
  as long as they dont turn the frogs gay im happy . 
  it does look like he is reading something , but you cant prove it . 
  obama , aliens , chemtrails , flat earth , gay frogs and jews, 
  i like dat, 
  the brutus . 
  as featured on top gear https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjn7lhe83cc&amp;t=56s, 
  `` killed natural cancer cures '' big claim, 
  that first sentence . 
  prove it . 
  every space faring nation ever has taken photos of the earth . 
  im guessing they are all fake . 
  manipulated by elite lizard frogs ? 
  right ? 
  islamophobia can in some cases be racism . 
  depends on the legal defenition of racism tho . 
  dont come here with your un-biased points and your logic . 
  the defenition of racism has expanded troughout the years . 
  atleast in my country . 
  yes it is . 
  but in legal terms it has changed . 
  hmm , why would it be fake tho ? 
  added, 
  a passport is small and can slip trough cracks rather unharmed . 
  i dont understand how people use this as evidence . 
  lmao , funniest read in a while, 
  the title alone , together with the thumbnail just makes this video bullshit on all levels, 
  no thanks, 
  because long live the queen !, 
  im sorry , but that article is full of bullshit and psudoscience . 
  `` why go to mars ? 
  can we not fix what is broken here with all of this super expensive technology first ... guess not . 
  off to mars we go . '', 
  these two issues have nothing to do with each other . 
  limits should not be set . 
  why do most other nations acknowledge that the us landed on the moon , including ussr and so on . 
  btw , why is this even a conspiracy . 
  is it for people who deny science ? 
  btw , those instagram posts you linked are full of shit . 
  pathetic . 
  yes . 
  how come ? 
  what are you even on about ? 
  im not denying the fact that this happens . 
  im denying those ridiculous numbers . 
  but they did . 
  and we have compelling evidence that they did . 
  ballsy move by iceland, 
  `` naturalblaze '' yea not based at all, 
  only a bit, 
  satisfying stuff , bit off a cheap shot , but the bully got what he deserved . 
  relax . 
  what i meant was that he could have used another technichue to erradicate that guy . 
  like a rear choke or something . 
  we wouldnt want everyone ending up with brain damage ? 
  atleast the boxer tried to help him up . 
  yea . 
  that was a wierd video . 
  i like how he drags in all the `` elite '' famelies and somehow spins it all together with katy perry . 
  lmao, 
  thats looks like the result of to much drugs . 
  maybe cocaine . 
  one cant really prove that this is some sort of mind control bs . 
  ... they have kept secrets away from us ? 
  what they dont want you to know ? 
  lmao noone is hiding anything . 
  you cant travel to antarctica yourself , as a tourist . 
  or you can just become a scientist and live there . 
  this is the biggest disaster of an essay ive ever seen . 
  prince charles runs hells angels ahhahahaha . 
  lmao funniest shit ive heard today . 
  you are properly fooked in the head m8 . 
  who do all other space faring nation acknowledge that the us landed on the moon ? 
  im guessing that they are all lying lizard people ? 
  right ?
