children should not bear sins of their father , unless statists . 
   and the current generation did n't build any roads or bridges either . 
  the current generation did n't sign up for shit . 
  voters for the party that took the loan should repay the loan . 
  the elections were anonymous ? 
  - then it 's banks fault for lending to anonymous borrowers . 
  involuntary agreements of any kind are n't legitimate , how is that not fucking obvious to you ? 
   after all syria worked under assad because appeasement always worked . 
  not necessarily , we are just missing records of the jizyah payments to allow you to post here . 
  imagine if slavs and germans expanded east not west . 
  siberia would be properly developed and not be a giant buttfucknowhere . 
  i agree we should all go back . 
  then we could come on vacations , maybe if you went big on old-timey masonry both in greek and roman styles would be great . 
   to take the opportunity to ask english speakers to stop saying `` fyuhrer '' and `` reik '' while we are on the subject , c is not k in non-zero amount of slavic languages , probably a few other as well . 
  but every foreigner wants to push k when it should be c or \u010d . 
  just today i almost had to be taken to emergency room ( not really , but you know . . ) due to being exposed to levels of cringeworthiness some mom ( i think from a nordic country ) displayed while simply trying to buy a croissant ( roglji\u010d ) for her daughter and failing to pronounce it ever remotely like it should be , aggravated by the fact that i had to hold myself ( again , not really . . ) not to explain the correct pronunciation when the sales clerk failed to immediately understand her twice because it would be terribly impolite and imposing ( let 's try not to be `` french '' about the language ) to bother her when she was there to just buy an item of pastry . . 
  in short c = ts , \u010d = ch and not k. 
  i had a main , but i deleted it because reddit has become a bit too barfy . 
  anyway , the only subreddit i ever got banned on was on / r/askwomen , here 's how it went . 
  1 . on the shirtgate thread i provided an opposing view that maybe nasa does n't have a rampant , institutionalized problem with misogyny , independent of whether that shirt was an actual example of it . 
  2 . get accused of being misogynist myself and not understanding what misogyny even means . 
  3 . point out that i did n't provide any qualifications for what might count as misogyny , i only argued the scale of the problem at nasa and point out that it 's rude to flippantly accuse someone of that . 
  get banned because other redditors are entitled to their opinions and reacting flippantly to being called what is basically a piece of trash is not okay . 
  okay ... 
  i 'll probably delete this account when i wake up , just wanted to provide my story with this new kind of feminists . 
  surreal stuff . . 
  they switched to italian cars . 
  only one made the entire journey . 
  you are probably trolling , just from the way you formatted this reply , but explain this to me if you can - a high end for salary of a us physician is $ 300,000 per year ( just to make calculations generous ) or $ 25,000 per month . 
  forgetting other items on the bill just her one month stay at the hospital was valued at $ 67,375 , or equivalent of 2.7 physicians performing medical procedures on her all their working hours for the entire duration of that month . 
  that seems insane . 
  i very much doubt she needed that much care . 
  or are you going to say that bbc actually lied . 
   i know its not what / r/europe no , i know of obamacare , which made healthcare more accessible and the general insurance model , but the idea that you need insurance companies to haggle for you to get exorbitant prices down seems obscene . 
  imagine if the same cartel situation was established in other areas of life . 
  for example if bakers formed a cartel - buying a loaf of bread would cost you $ 1000 and you would need `` bread insurance '' to get the bread at `` manageable '' $ 20 . 
  you would still feel betrayed even though you did n't have to pay the first price , even though technically that was the best loaf of bread in the world , * because * in western europe loaves are marginally worse but sold at tenth the price and bakers do n't run cartels on starving people . 
  \u017di\u017eek is always right . 
  has n't / r/europe taught you anything ? 
   you really have no idea how the us healthcare system works . 
  absolutely . 
  [ over $ 100,000 to deliver a baby is totally not completely insane ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/business-31052665 ) . 
  pharma and hospitals are totally not running cartel agreements . 
  [ obviously balkon starts just below us . . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pynda5jhomm ), 
  balkan always starts at your southern border . 
  obligatory \u017di\u017eek : [ 1 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwdrhqnz9lo ) , [ 2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pynda5jhomm ), 
  you watched too many movies , my friend . 
  and i 'm pretty sure somebody quite popular in the us said something similar . 
   ustasha bastards please hand over your reddit account . 
   if you want to believe in a god you still have to have at least one of them picked out of the bunch and since all of them come from religions , you believe in one of those religions personally i reserve the possibility that we are simulated in a matrix-like world and someone that is responsible for running of that simulation is someone who could be characterized as god . 
  that god is n't budha , is n't biblical god , is n't allah or any god described in any religion . 
  i do n't know that this matrix exists , therefore i 'm agnostic , but if i believed the matrix exits ( for whatever reason ) , then i would be a theist without any religion . 
  religion is mostly description of supernatural , but you can believe in god without describing it . 
   you know what , let 's wrap this up . 
  enough learning for this month for me . 
  okey , let 's do that . 
  eh , maybe i got hooked on the narrower definition of atheism - from wikipedia `` atheism is specifically the position that there are no deities '' . 
  broadly atheism could be having an unsupported opinion that there is no god , but that 's rather convergent to agnosticism with some added opinion , til . . that said , my original reply was a remark on lack of evidence and that 's the domain of agnostics - if you have no evidence you are agnostic - unless you are going to claim that lack of evidence necessarily implies nonexistence of the thing without evidence . 
  it was also a reply to parent 's `` a lot of atheists go beyond not believing , they are convinced there is n't and ca n't possibly be under any circumstances a higher power '' comment . 
   you clearly have n't actually read any material coming from someone who wrote `` atheist is someone who does n't believe in any proposed religion because there is no proof '' . 
  that 's someone who does n't believe in religions , not necessarily not having an opinion on god 's existence . 
  there is such a thing as a theist who does n't believe in any religion because no proof exists . 
   exactly , atheists reserve the possibility of belief if proof is provided , why not ? 
  because atheists are then agnostics , and you get redundancy in terminology . 
  atheists generally believe there is no god , agnostics do n't know that there is no god . 
   are you picking on words ? 
  are you dizzy , dude the two definitions are vastly different . 
  the second is categorical disbelief , yours is just not believing in religions and religion \u2260 god . 
   you said atheism is believing now you are picking on words . 
  i said atheism is believing without proof . 
  it 's not a simple world play , try to understand that . 
   atheist is someone who does n't believe in any proposed religion * because there is no proof * according to your definition atheists therefore reserve the possibility of belief in the future for a new or old religion for which a proof is provided . 
   an atheist disbelieves in god notice the lack of conditionality . 
  try to actually understand your citations before you write them . 
  the citation opposes your position . 
   that 's the shittiest argument believers made ever and somehow it still makes sense to someone . 
  firstly go fuck yourself . 
  secondly , who gives a fuck who invented the argument , why ca n't you argue it on the intrinsic value ? 
  thirdly religion is either believing in god or believing without proof ( because not all religions have well defined gods , some have spirits and whatnot ) , by the second understanding atheism is believing without proof . 
  fourthly , i tried to educate you that people who do n't believe in god due do lack of evidence are not atheists , they are agnostics ( `` because the evidence just does n't exist '' ) . 
   actually i would say there is more evidence for other gods . 
  not really , like at all . 
   agnosticism is just as bad , because it presumes that what can not be disproven might exist thanks to math ( and computer science ) we know that things ca n't be disproved but can still exist . 
  the halting problem states , that there exist programs , for which a boolean value indicating whether a program will ever finish exists but whose value can not be calculated/proven . 
  see also g\u00f6del 's incompleteness theorems . 
  so factually there exist things that can not be disproven . 
   is n't a bible god so existence of non-bible gods is still under question as if there is more evidence for other gods or that bible god 's existence would necessarily imply some evidence for it . 
   the evidence just does n't exist atheism \u2260 agnosticism ( from greek for `` without knowledge '' ) - that is if your definition of god does n't go against omnipotence paradox ( which i find redundant as why would you name something that ca n't exist due to a paradox ) . 
  i see atheism just as another religion in that they believe , without gnosis , in non-existence of god . 
  anyway , sorry for proselytizing for agnosticism . . 
  sorry , yes , i 'm one of your split personalities , i 'm sorry you were unaware of that . 
   what makes the property someone 's ? 
  it 's just a `` shared illusion '' , it 's axiomatic . 
   surely if a new group obtains majority in an area that area is deemed to be under their control . 
  not surely . 
  it might factually be under their control , but majority does n't carry legitimacy , or nobody has ever explained why it should intrinsically be that way . 
  majority consensus is as an arbitrary source of legitimacy and decision making process as is monty python 's lake lady distributing swords . 
  so without majority rule only voluntary agreements are ever legitimate . 
  he was . 
  source : author has multiple personality disorder .
