  my parents live in a house where fucking hippies in the 70s decided it was cool to isolate the wall with the building rubble . 
  incredibly cool in winter , literally . 
  did the drywall worker disclose this to any government institution before the accident happened ? 
  wow , that 's good to hear . 
  then i hope he 'll be charged with murder or at least manslaughter . 
   but it already turned into a finger pointing game . 
  and this is what it should n't be . 
  but what else could it be ( honest question ) other than a construction error . 
  it 's not like there was a natural desaster or accident that could 've been responsible . 
  i hope there 's a full investigation on what caused this and that there will be measures that will prevent this from happening again . 
  we have so much regulations here and it 's a huge trouble to get the approval for a new construction but if it prevents something like this from happening it 's worth it . 
   the us has great copyright laws that are strong and fair i really do n't feel this way , the dmca is rididulous , they can take down so many things ( even non-copyrighted ) with a blink . 
   that is why the western world needs these fta 's to increase their economic competitiveness with emerging economies in asia and latin america . 
  what we do is protectionism and it causes other countries to cripple down , just look at africa . 
  it 's ridiculous when african farmers ca n't compete with us based or eu based farmers because we subsidise the shit out of farming which causes the people there to not be able to sell their goods . 
  we 're harming this world because we do n't want to loose our status . 
   to compete , the west must cut back on the red-tape where it can . 
  again , this is n't a fair competition as you make it to seem . 
  i 'd rather have less wealth and not see the people in africa suffer so much because we 're to comfortable to change something about us . 
  we have enough of it and most got too many , we should share this with the world instead of building higher and higher ( figurative and real ) walls that will eventually crumble or get torn down ... 
  i ca n't blame people from these countries that want to come here ` even ' if they seek illegal measures , often they 're risking and loosing their lives and i ca n't hold a grudge against them if they hate us for what we 're doing to this planet and its people . 
  we 're too often horibble , but hey , let 's give them some aid . 
  fuck this , just let them compete , but really . 
  it 's not only the spying though , i really do n't want the intrusive copyright treaties to apply to germany . 
  we should try to get away from this ridiculous crap instead of enlarging it . 
  i did n't really knew about the canada trade agreement , to be honest . 
  i do n't see a counterpoint to my initial proposal . 
  i doubt that they all spy with equal intensity , though . 
  and none of them are currently asking to get a new trade agreement , the us does and this is what matters in this context . 
  what an insightful comment . 
  i do n't care for this economical gain , we hae so much intra-eu trade that we should rather focus on expanding this instead of agreeing on a trade agreement with a country that just recently proved not to be trusted . 
  please do n't !, 
  we do n't need any further intrusive relations , changes of copyright and all that jazz . 
  i think it 's weird to state that this will be the next government , this is not clear yet . 
  yes it 's going to happen but it 's just not definite yet . 
  same like saying hillary clinton will be the next president of the us . 
  i 'm not sure about the job situation in leipzig but many people move to berlin without having a job and it 's not exactly easy to find a job there . 
  i find it mind-boggling that there are so many * beautiful * cities in germany where you can live really cheap but few people do so . 
  so man empty apartments in leipzig , for example which cost * en appel und en ei * . 
  if it 's a rule , okay so . 
  but that does n't mean that you have to go like * omg i 'm in a secret club * . 
  if it should be kept a secret , keep it secret , do n't talk about it . 
  most people in this sub will know about it either way ... 
  sorry , but it 's really ridiculous and probably just another method to gain subscribers . 
  now join me in my super secret sub , / r/funny, 
  for anyone interested , they 're talking about / r/polandball , it 's not that secret so i find it ridiculous to treat it as it . 
  i do n't see anything negative on the europe side , even the ventilator salesman seems nice !, 
  for context : 50 serbian dinar equals 0.43 $ , 
  fat cats with their hygiene ... 
  do n't feel old , i only discovered it this year and it 's pretty fun . 
  i 'm definitely more than left-leaning but what i criticise is n't their philosophie or color for that matter , but the quality of their journalism . 
  it 's exaggerated and often just attention-grabbing bullshit , definitely nowhere near top-notch . 
  i think you 'll need a subscription for this , but it 's a step in the right direction imho . 
  i can watch euronews in iirc 5-7 languages on my crappy tv so it should n't be a big deal for them . 
  i ( sadly ) have to agree and i think munich is a quite friendly city for this . 
  some say that if you live in the north you 'll have to wait three years until your neighbour gives you a nod :p, 
  i do n't have a problem with dubbing , i just wish there would be the option to watch everthing in the original language . 
  it 's hard to find movies in english even in larger cities ( depends on the film too ) . 
  most of the time you 'll have to stick with independent theaters , the larger ones will usually show everything in german only . 
  i think the voices are terrible , but you can definitely use it to learn/improve your german . 
  i hope you 're aware of / r/lanl _ german , 
  sometimes i wake up during the night and have ` nam flashbacks because i watched ~ 2 minutes of that show in german . 
  i agree and i 'd add scrubs , i prefer to watch it in german because i 'm very used to the voices . 
  but as always in comedy many jokes are lost in translation . 
  the `` eh eh '' at the end is the worst ... 
  i 'm amazed that the voices sound pretty similar although they 're both not similar to bryan cranstons . 
  i have n't traveled much by train in other countries . 
  of course the service can be better and i can understand that some people are pissed if they have waiting times of even miss a train because they rely on them . 
  in general i 'd say it 's just nagging but it 's pretty expensive imho . 
  it 's the best drinking game . 
   there is an unspoken social code in germany far stronger than any i have encountered in any other country . 
  it puts british politeness to shame but often limits spontaneous interaction with strangers . 
  could you expand on this ? 
  oh boy , your last paragragh is so true . 
  oftentimes you can only call certain offices between 7.30 and 8.30 . 
  and when i was a * zivi * ( [ alternative civilian service ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alternative_civilian_service ) it sometimes took 6 weeks to get an answer for an * anliegen * so i usually do n't bothered to ask for anything . 
  i would n't say that germany is very equal . 
  i 'm not sure what you exactly mean by this but it 's difficult to move up the ladder in the educational way and also socially . 
  i want to travel to sverige , so badly !, 
  there were two parties that were banned , the * srp * ( sozialistische reichspartei ; socialist reich party ) and the * kpd * ( kommunist party of * deutschland * ) . 
  and there were two other * parteiverbotsverfahren * one against the * fap * ( freiheitliche deutsche arbeiterpartei ) because it was unclear how they financed their party , you 're obligated to be transparent about this , but the leader decided to dissolve the party before there was any judging . 
  the other one is the npd ( which is still around and sadly in two of the 16 * landtage * ) but this also failed because the * verfassungsschutz * ( one of the three intelligence services of germany ) had * v-m\u00e4nner * that were supposed to surveill them but it was unclear which actions were initiated by these v-m\u00e4nner and which were initiated by regular members so it also failed . 
  it 's not easy to ban a party in germany , rightfully so . 
  i think you 're only allowed to have a version with comments . 
   a fantastic railway service provided throughout the country congratulations , you are the first person to say this and hereby win a free ticket for lifetime . 
  but seriously , die bahn is generally hated here . 
  which is why germany - netherlands is always such a great game !, 
  worst dubbing is hands down breaking bad , [ i am not in danger , skyler , ich ** bin ** die gefahr . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nzwzythsni ) , seriously he sounds like a comic character . 
  same with [ jesse ] ( http://youtu.be/iasgb0-q0fa?t=2m0s ) , he sounds like a mamas boy . 
  one of the only watchable shows in german is the big bang theory , but that 's not a quality show to be fair , the dub is pretty good although a lot is missing ( accents ) . 
  movies are mostly fine though , i only watch shows in english but most movies in german . 
  i once watched * friends * on polish , it was hilarious . 
  phoebe speaking in a really deep voice without any emphasis , shit 's hilarious . 
  fair when we ( or at least i ) associate the us with obesity , guns and economical freedom madness . 
  some of it is true ( efm and beer ) , some not as much as we think ( oktoberfest ) and some of it is definitely not as spread as we think ( lederhosen and obesity ) . 
   die welt was founded by the british after ww2 because they wanted to create a national newspaper like the times . 
  i 'm glad for what the brits and the yanks did for us media-wise but * die welt * is crap ( nowadays ) . 
  i 'd say the best papers are * s\u00fcddeutsche zeitung * , * die zeit * ( ironically means * the time * and is probably the most reputable paper , maybe alongside sz ) and * frankfurter allgemeine zeitung * . 
   the words deutschland , deutschland uber alles in the anthem are suppose to represent german unity of one country rather than all the small states and principalities that existed before 1871 .
