  anyways , i 'm done with you , this wo n't lead anywhere . 
  what a load of bullshit . 
  for germany it 's ~ 40 % and i * sincerely * doubt that it 's different in finland . 
  https://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/anlagen/de/downloads/infothek/statistik/asyl/statistik-anlage-teil-4-aktuelle-zahlen-zu-asyl.pdf?__blob=publicationfile please stop spreading such bullshit , it does n't help anyone and clearly shows your agenda . 
   `` refugees '' yeah stopped after reading that . 
  this comment reads like it is a script for some fear mongering version of sesame street lol . 
  that is correct , i was just saying that 3 year of university education * should * count as higher education because why else would we give out degrees after that time . 
  then / u/strukkstar worded that really badly ... 
  thanks for the video , good watch !, 
  i still think that you 're oversimplifying a very difficult topic , the reports i constantly hear say that most refugees do n't make any trouble . 
  and those who do make trouble should face the consequenses , although that 's difficult as well , you ca n't send a syrian refugee who commits a crime back to syria as is often proposed , that 's illegal . 
  anyways , i think we can agree that the current situation is not organised and that this is worrying , the asylum seeking progress should follow orders and it should be sped up . 
  people who seek refuge in germany must accept our basic law , which most people will not have a problem with . 
   well i just assume it since most people in there are very religiously conservative in syria would n't it be more logical to assume that people who flee religious extremism would distance themselves from such an ideology ? 
  what we 're talking about are * refugees * and we should n't and wo n't give out the right to refuge through picking through the people and choosing the ones we like best . 
   i think see this is a critical mistake , do you really think * you * are able to asess what these people think and generalise them this much ? 
   find out the most pro-western/christian or atheist/well-educated why only christians and atheists ? 
  do you not believe in religious freedom ? 
  maybe you 're not compatible with western culture . . 
   transporting them all with their backwards views into eu and you think the people who flee from these backwards views hold the exact same backwards views ? 
  oh come on ...  because enough statistics have shown that they are a huge burden to the society + have very little interest in integrating into western society . 
  if you mention statistics you should provide them , makes your claim more believeable . 
  how do you experience that ? 
  3 years is the basic duration for a bachelor degree , so ... 
   they will not adapt . 
  what makes you think that ? 
  the syrian civil war will not be ended by pumping money into the country , these people are in need for immediate help . 
   some of the most outspoken anti-muslims live in countries with less than 1 % muslims . 
  this is actually an often found correlation , the regions with the least muslims have the most ressentiments against them . 
  did n't imply the opposite but what the other comment said is just ridiculous , europe is still a safe space and rapes did n't just start yesterday ... 
  belgian beer is pretty neat but it comes in ridiculously small volumes . 
  i liked this one as well , especially since merkel has a thing for patting people/things , first she patted that girl on tv and recently she [ patted the tree that survived in the ruins of the wtc ] ( http://www.sueddeutsche.de/politik/gipfeltreffen-die-kreise-der-kanzlerin-1.2666915 ) . 
   merkel was really touched , she even patted a branch . 
  right , this is only a recent problem , european men do n't rape people and never have . 
  way to spread some fud . 
  honestly though i think it 's great that he did the interview in german . 
   you have to work for your country first . 
  not as a foreign minister , you 'll spend more time abroad than in your home country . 
  yeah , totally embarrassing , this could only happen in serbia though ... * [ cough ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=llygpwq0vjy ) *, 
  same mistrust here but from the other direction , i fear an overzealous intervention happy army . 
  no thanks , we do n't need to enter more wars . 
  oh boy , a prime example of sciolism . 
  could you cite your source for that claim ? 
  better watch out too , being edgy on reddit is also considered a crime . 
  well rather this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nazi_germany, 
  and not from taxes but from a ` abgabe ' , the brits call it a license . 
  wo n't argue with you there , i 'm definitely anything but a star wars expert haha, 
  that 's fine and in some cases i will agree with you , but you 're still a tiny majority , germans love their dubs and its difficult for me to convince people to watch the original version . 
  well poland , estonia and kosovo are countries that appretiate american military presence , france and germany not so much . 
  i mean you use ramstein as a relay for your drone murders , many people really do n't like that for example . 
  and the nsa revalations have n't helped you either , it provoked widespread anti-americanism . 
  but that obviously does n't mean that you should be yelled at or even spat at . 
  what really ? 
  i did n't expect this to be honest , that definitely sucks . 
  what did the people say ? 
  yeah obama has somehow improved the image of the us although the policies in many cases are n't really different . 
  still quite a few people dislike americas aggressive foreign policy and imperialist attitude . 
  i was simply trying to give you an explanation . 
  why would you even translate porn , not like most people watch it for the plot . 
  ` wait a second , why is that pizza boy suddenly fucking that hot milf , that does n't make any sense ', 
  i think he sounds more like a maniac , truly mad . 
  this is the most true statement ever voiced . 
  i do n't mind them speaking english but i think it 's dumb that there are characters who are supposed to be foreigners and yet they have not even a fucking accent . 
  a german/italian/chinese person who speaks cali accent and perfect english is just lame . 
  jup and the vast majority of germans agree with you , it 's just elitist people who absolutely shit on all dubs . 
  some can be bad , a few are really bad ( breaking bad for example ) and i think many movies and shows lose meaning by dubbing them but in general german dubs are very high quality , especially with movies and especially if you do n't know the difference . 
  well blame american foreign policy and especially w for that . 
  boy are you insuffarable . 
  lol , marco rubio has been resurrected , you 're just on repeat . 
  yeah , yours are much more wise , criticising my lack of historical knowledge three times in a row without contributing anything else . 
  qualty shitposting . 
  so while i 'm looking at history should i also be afraid of germany ? 
  i mean we 've been quite the war starters in the past , so i presume we 're a threat as well ? 
  or should i look at the us , because boy when it comes to starting wars nobody can compete with you guys . 
  seriously , i 'm really not a fan of putins policies or actions and i think he should be watched . 
  but portraying russia as the `` enemy of europe '' is simply fear mongering . 
  i know enough about history , thank you very much . 
  they 're free to do so . 
  remind me who it is that we 're defendng from again ? 
  multiple people have pointed this out , you should check the other comments first beforehand . 
  yeah i 'm aware and many people have pointed that out already . 
  i legitimately remembered the bear as bare chested , must 've been wishful thinking , 
  it would n't correspond with their norms probably but it does with ours or at least mine . 
   wow the russian embassy account looks like an angsty pre-teen . 
  well they * are * supposed to represent their country now , are n't they ? 
  * homosexuelles sparschwein * in german, 
  not being the majority does n't equal not being normal . 
  norms are created by society , so what is normal or not is decided by society . 
  being gay is perfectly normal although the majority of people are not gay . 
  yeah but 50 percent believing shit like that is really really backwards . 
  i mean he 's obviously massively gay , look how much time he spends on telling us being gay is wrong and that he is n't gay and shows us his bare chest . 
  oh yeah , poor u/yasenfire , you have it really rough . 
  oh yeah , poor franco . 
  you 're probably also a fan of putin , right ? 
  ah cool , that makes sense  i 've never been to romania myself but it seems like an interesting and beautiful country . 
  best of luck on getting the citizenship !, 
  if you 're open to share this : what made you move from the uk and what made you choose romania ? 
  tbf you have to adjust that 9 $ to romanian wages . 
  oh man , just wanted to join in to agree with you and find the really great write-up i read once somewhere on reddit and it 's the one you linked . 
  yeah ca n't remember what it was ... oh right , a huge fucking surveillance state that watched pretty much everyone for decades .
