  and how will you do that without giving up your privacy ? 
  not sure if this is a joke or not . 
  yeah , let 's give up our basic freedoms for some peace of mind ... 
  that 's an unconfirmed source , could be one guy spewing total bullshit . 
  we do n't know anything yet , period !, 
   a witness quoted by bfm teleivision said he heard rounds of automatic rifle fire and someone shouting `` allahu akbar ! '' at the bataclan . 
  a witness said he heard it . 
  this is no clear confirmation obviously . 
  news in such a situation are often anything but reliable , people should know that by now . 
  it 's unknown most likely . . 
  backed up by nothing , that 's my point . 
  that 's right , but it does what this child-thread is about and is much more user-friendly than noscript . 
  lol , so apparently you have the authority to decide that . 
  well okay then , bud . 
  i definitely disagree . . 
   it was a few months ago so i ca n't remember . 
  oh then i definitelly reccomend giving privacy badger another try , since then it went stable ( so v. 1.0 was released ) and it definitely improved . 
  i had a few problems with it a few months ago but ca n't complain now , 
  did you change the setting in pb though ? 
  should be the yellow position which is usually the default position . 
  i do n't like the firefox cookie manager so i use self destructing cookies , maybe try that ? 
  it 's literally four clicks and takes 15 seconds , you can just call up anyone , make them type `` privacy badger '' into google , and ask them to do these clicks and everything works . 
  i do n't think that 's asking much , even for someone who barely finds the on button on their pc . 
  you can also try privacy badger by the eff . 
  ( sorry for spamming that comment in here folks but i think pb is the best working and least complicated solution for all this ), 
  privacy badger works great as a replacement . 
  noscript probably not , privacy badger on the other hand is something you can install even on your grandma 's pc . 
  i would n't recommend noscript here , do n't get me wrong it 's a great addon but just not for everyone and their grandma . 
  privacy badger does the same job in this case and you do n't need to configure anything 99.9 % of the time . 
  and it has a cool badger mascot . 
  happens with many things where you are limited in some way , we often thing `` cool , we get to choose this/we can have that small thing '' although we should ask why there 's a limitation in the first place . 
  when i look at the state of lgbt rights in germany many people think `` well cool , gay couples can get a civil union recognised so they can sort of marry , well sure , they do n't get the same tax brakes and are n't considered equal to heterosexual couples when it comes to adopting children '' and that 's all true . 
  but the question should be `` wait ... why the * fuck * is there a limitation in the first place ? 
  just take a deep breath and let it happen , that 's what father schmid always told me . 
  well that 's how the market is here , i do n't think many people in germany are even aware that not all countries have data caps on their mobile networks . 
  that being said unlimited plans do exist , they 're rather rare and therefore pricey . 
  hm , sad thing is that with some sites cookies do have a prupose so i do n't block them altogether but something like self destructing cookies is definitely cool ( just re-installed it because of your comment  ), 
  try it out and you 'll totally feel like an anarchist , it 's a great feeling . 
  even better to click ' i refuse ' , you can browse the site as well ( just checked europa.eu ) and no cookies . 
  and the shitty thing is that most people will think ` cool , this does n't count against my data ' when the appropriate though/question would be ` why do all the other apps get disadvantaged ' . 
  we accept this bullshit way to easily . 
  do n't have that here anyways , only sharia law . 
  well that 's how most people will vote anyways , but the number of invalid ballots is suprisingly high , of course that 's the only way how you can vote void , we sadly do n't have a box for that here in germany although we should !, 
  oh man , got ta love definitions of really obvious things , haha . 
  oh man , got ta love definitions of really obvious things , haha . 
   problem is that the people counting the votes could discard your ballot if your intention is n't fully clear because you use non-standard symbols . 
  that 's what i see as an advantage of the german way , you only have this one method ( sure , a `` o '' instead of an `` x '' will probably be counted as a valid vote as well ) . 
  it also reduces the possibility of your ballot being traced back to you which is an advantage . 
  but the polish way is definitely more fun ( well that 's what you poles do ) , we do n't have this in germany , only accuracy and strictness . 
  then again , good look finding a country that does n't do any of these things . 
  i do n't think you 'll find one . 
  germay definitely needs improvement , i 'm not denying that in any way , i 'd love for germany to be a neutral country but i do n't think it 'll happen . 
  i also want to ban export of all arms , wo n't happen anytime soon . 
  and even though these problems exist i still think that germany acts relatively good . 
  it certainly does n't mean that germany is uncivilised , or else we all are uncivilised so the word might stop existing . 
   when a man steals , deceives , abuses and even kills people to further their own cause , who are you talking about here ? 
  the average german ? 
  i think in germany everything that is n't an `` x '' in the box will make it invalid , there are even instrutions on how to do the `` x '' , haha . 
  is this the ballot or something else ? 
  hm yeah that defnitely sucks , would n't call germany uncivilised though , especially given that you 'll have a hard time finding a country that acts completely ethical , i ca n't think of one . 
  ( not my downvote by the way ), 
  right but even then fuck ups happen like gorleben in germany . 
  unless you do n't consider germany a civilised country ? 
  this is why i chuckle when people say that nuclear energy is safe . 
  sure , the plants are relatively safe but we do n't have good plans what to do with the waste and this is an example of what can happen if the dumping process gets mixed with corruption . 
  sorry , i 'm not a physicist or mathematician ( or someone who uses these prefixes although they 're really not popular ) so obviously not used to that . 
  i do n't want to rule it out , i just do n't think it 'll happen , germany is a moderate place politically , sure we 'll see the afd and maybe the npd growing a bit but i just do n't see them having any real influence anytime soon and it could just as well calm down and they 'd be back to < 5 % / < 0,5 % respectively . 
   geur did n't realise that we do n't use the standar euro , apparently we use the german euro , haha . 
   and if you think that the polling numbers do n't change you have n't been looking at them lately . 
  you predicted `` a major voter swing just in time for 2017 bundestagswahl '' , this i said will likely not happen , votes will change in many ways probably as they always do . 
  probably , yes . 
  still an improvement to regular unencrypted texting/calling . 
   so yes , immigrants . 
  all of them . 
  no , really not , this is not the same thing due to many reasons ( right to work , right to vote , etc. 
   the number of refugees already in the country will guarantee you a major voter swing just in time for 2017 bundestagswahl . 
  i do n't think so , the topic is in full heat right now and voting numbers are n't changing . 
   immigrants which immigrants ? 
  i thought we were talking about refugees ? 
  better to use tor through orbot . 
  well we 'll have to see what the next months and years will bring , it 's hard to predict what will happen but i do n't think that we 'll see an escalation . 
  i do n't think this issue will be as prevalent as it is now in a few years . 
   having all the data about its citizens well they do n't have all the data , `` just '' selective meta data . 
  i agree though , it 's a first step into a surveillance like state . 
   a foreign nation having all the data poses the smaller threat . 
  not if that nation shares if with your country 's spy agencies , which they do . 
  sadly this is n't totally true . 
  the passed data retention directive focuses on the collection of metadata ( the location of your cellphone , who you 're calling and for how long , your ip-adress etc. ) . 
  while a vpn can hide the ip adress you 're acessing and the content you 're viewing it does n't hide the first two things and the fact that you 're * on * the internet . 
  i can wholeheartedly reccomend textsecure + redphone , free ( in both meanigs ) , securely encrypted ( no home cooked crypto like telegram ) messaging and calling . 
  it 'll soon be merged into one app called `` signal '' ( it 's already called that on ios ) . 
  even [ snowden reccomends them ] ( https://whispersystems.org/ ) . 
  there 's an even bigger one : germany is collecting data on all of its citizens and the nsa and any other spy agency can just grab it , they do n't even need to work for it since it 's conveniently in one place . 
  this data * will * be abused and stolen . 
  til the police union of germany = germany really though , they constantly argue for stuff like that and stricter laws in general , which is quite obvious when you consider who they represent . 
  that 's not alligned with what most people in germany are thinking though . 
  i 'm honestly not very afraid that anything radical will happen , changes sure but i find it ridiculous that some people claim their culture will be lost or that we 'll live in an islamic society . 
  first of all 149/3651 is 4 % so if you present something out of context at least do it right , you 're off by one hundret percent ... and second of all why would you a ) only use the numbers for finland , when we 're not only talking about finland here and b ) how are only syrians refugees ? 
  third of all `` turvapaikanhakijat '' means asylum ** seekers ** , i could go to finnland as well and seek for asylum but i will be turned down because i 'm from germany , so will many people who apply for an asylum . 
  but sure , twist the facts so that they fit what you want to believe .
