  yet . 
  why would n't the government introduce legislation that forces isps to include other sites or make the blocks default . 
  and have you also forgotten about the other bans that * are default bans * ? 
  why are you so confident that this is n't the first step for blocking much more ? 
  you should also consider the governments intentions . 
  anyway , i 'll rest this now , i 've made my points and it 's not leading anywhere , you 're just confident that this wo n't be abused and i 'm definitely not . 
  1 ) i disagree , me downloading shows that i would n't pay for does n't hurt the copyright owners . 
  but this is n't the point of this discussion . 
  2 ) not from a moral standpoint but from a technical and legal . 
  the torrent files are not illegal and trackers host just that , small files of text essentially . 
  it 's important to look at the exact legal and technical situation , or else reddit could also be blocked since they link to illegal streams and illegal content . 
  3 ) did n't know that but when a charity fucks up why should n't the government accidently add sites to the filters that are completely legitimate and/or willingly put sites that they do n't like ( wikileaks and the intercept are releasing all kinds of nasty stuff about the gchq etc. ), 
  to these lists ? 
  answer this simple question : do n't you think that there 's a very real possibility that this could at some point be abused ? 
  if the answer is no , then i 'd personally say you 're naive for trusting your government and future governments ( also think of future additional laws ) that much and if you say yes then that 's the most simple reason to oppose this . 
  it 's been a while since i 've been there , yes . 
  could 've also just said `` bugger off '' or something else . 
  okay let 's step away from pirating , if a site has the * only * intention of selling pirated movies and they host all this themselves ( so megaupload , you did n't have to pay but you could pay for faster speeds and they hosted it themselves = they sold pirated movies ) i could understand a ban on copyright claims . 
  but this is n't the pirate bay and we do n't only talk about pirating sites here , wikipedia and imgur were both blocked at one point . 
  it 's very easy to add legitimate legitimate sites to this , but not even the pirate bay should be blocked imo , the site is not illegal so why should it be blocked . 
  i do n't think that there 's anything wrong about porn , you sound like one of the guys from / r/nofap that take this way to seriously , it 's just sex/jacking off/watching porn . 
  you also wo n't see me arguing pro-islamistic sites , but i will argue against bullshit solutions that are incredibly easy to circumvent . 
  these filters accomplish nothing , anyone who wants to see these sites can unblock them via a vpn within minutes . 
  they 're just a way of the government so that they can pat themselves on the back and say `` see , we totally solved this , the 90-year old grandma from essex ca n't access the isis sites anymore '' and yet these filters pose a great risk , look at what 's already being blocked in the uk : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_websites_blocked_in_the_united_kingdom https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/web_blocking_in_the_united_kingdom#copyright, 
   looks like they 're mostly ( all ? ), 
  copyright violating sites . 
  hardly scandalous . 
  sure , but some sites were `` accidentally '' blocked and sure , while we both know that tpb is about downloading the newest game of thrones episode it 's not illegal since the site does n't host the files and it also has legitimate content . 
   i mean , i do it because it 's easy but i wo n't complain if i 'm stopped somehow . 
  why do you give in so easily when much more than pirating is at stake , i find this incredibly short sighted ... 
  i reconsiderd and i guess it 's the same argument as when people ( mostly americans ) tell me that the german laws regarding holocaust denying are incredibly dangerous and a slippery slope . 
  what i 'll still say and what you will likely agree with me is that a part of the government is heading in a dangerous direction in `` it law '' , these filters , wanting to ban encryption all that jazz . 
  this is of course not unique to the uk , it happens in many european countries ( our government wants to re-introduce data retenion at the moment ) and we should be watchful over developments in our own country but also in others . 
  this is n't supposed to be meddling with another countries business , i always try to state * my opinion * only and not tell you guys what to do since it 's not really my business . 
  i 'm just concerned about the internet , about the uk and about germany , i do n't mean any harm or trouble . 
  there are problems though : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_websites_blocked_in_the_united_kingdom https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/web_blocking_in_the_united_kingdom#copyright these sites/services are blocked by default , right ? 
  no law , opt-in and only 4 ( likely the big ones i take ) implementing it : it 's still dangerous ground for actual censorship . 
  there 's nothing wrong with ( regular ) porn so the government should n't be involved in any way , period . 
  consumers could ask the isps for filters that they can install on request ( so opt-in ) , they can have all sorts of filters , maybe one for anything * but * porn ( or even anything but butt porn , i do n't know ) , i do n't care , but the government has no business in that and however you present it cameron adressed this and suggested that this is definitely needed and porn is awful and whatnot . 
  it 's also a slippery slope i 'd say , who says that isps do n't add anything else to these filters , are they public ? 
  and what if the government also wants to block other sites ? 
  and what happens to reddit , which has much legitimate content but also porn , are only the nsfw subs blocked ? 
  that would be one of the reasons , yes . 
  i do n't think that it 's wrong when i watch porn , i think you watch porn too but the way you framed that reply suggests otherwise , do you honestly think that porn is wrong ? 
  but it 's more than that , the government should n't impose internet filters of non-illegal stuff , they have no say in what anyone should do in their free time unless it breaks laws . 
  i 'm pro givig `` concerned parents \u2122 '' the ability to block everything that is n't bible.com or what have you , i do n't have a say in how people raise their children and i should n't , it 's not my business . 
  just as much as it 's neither `` cp \u2122 '' 's or the governments business to impose any barrier based on `` i do n't feel good about this stuff '' mentality and make my life more of a hassle . 
  i 've heard different reports in / r/unitedkingdom where people said that it 's enabled by default . 
  i ca n't comment on wheter or not that 's true since i do n't live in the uk . 
  but it 's definitely not a non-issue i 'd say regardless of wheter it is opt-in or opt-out , it gives dangerous precedent for ceensorship if it ever gets abused . 
  see the fuckup in australia where the government tried to slip non-porn sites into the filters . 
  go back to 4chan . 
  seriously , this is this voat.co thing all over again , huge drama by a minority of people and in the end nothing really happens besides the rest being annoyed . 
  it seems that it 's not always optional but often opt-out . 
  the opt-out is a problem and you know it . 
  nobody is arguing against giving parents the ability to block porn for children , but the idea that porn is wrong for everyone and only the people who want to watch it should be forced to enable it and feel like sickos in doing that is ridiculous . 
  whenever i discuss it i write p.a.t.r.i.o.t. 
  to make sure that it 's an acronym and has little to do with patriotism but was intentionally pick to make it harder to cirticise it because then you would n't be a patriot , now would you ? 
  that 's the austrians to be fair . 
  i alsways read it as a synonym for * carpe diem * , today is the last day of your life better make something of it . 
  well now i feel small at 1,86 m. 
  it was also just a small poke at you guys , you have to forgive me as i 'm new to this humor thing . 
  can we be friends , instead ? 
  well obviously , yes . 
  i think it 'd be the same numbers , but in inches . 
  this is most likely ( partly ) self reported and hence not that useful . 
  why should penis sizes vary so much ? 
  hungarians are pretty small people usually . 
  especially with english language news sources you can pick stuff from around the globe and get a variety of news sources that are owned by different people/corporations and have different agendas or sometimes little to no agenda . 
  and that should be a reason to read/view/listen to * various * sources and definitely not only one or one group . 
   well , they taste amazing . 
  haha , i have n't head aworse burger in my life then the ones at mc donalds and not much food in general that tasted worse , it 's just one soft slime mix of salt and mayonaise , pretty disgusting actually . 
  and all of the promised economic growth is just that - a promise . 
  sure , but you can let ( some ) people take a look at the construction process , no harm in that , right ? 
   it would mean that american state and federal governments ca n't discriminate against european companies , as they so frequently do . 
  care to explain what this `` discrimination '' is ? 
  you 're being very vague in all your comments . 
  if they already exist why do we need to etend the capabilities of companies to sue countries ? 
  seriously , i just think that that 's an ridiculous and only pro-business proposal . 
  what do average citizens have to gain from this ? 
  no , i just do n't believe that these trials will be fair , especially when they 're held behind closed doors . 
  a tobacco company being allowed to waste a countries ressources by suing them for compensation because they increased health regulations is bullshit . 
  period . 
  we do n't need the american sue culture here in europe , no thanks . 
  right , because these trials will be completely fair and reasonable . 
  look at the [ john oliver segment on tobacco ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ushhoch4q8 ) and see how philipp morris is suing various governments because they introduced standards/rules that should lower the smoking rate . 
  is this reasonable to you ? 
  see and this is why i will not support it , it limits countries from setting higher standards because it could hurt business . 
  i do n't care if business is hurt , i want to focus on the protection of consumers and the environment , if companies lose money due to these decisions then that 's the companies problem . 
  what the actual fuck , how can anybody support this ... 
   what few trade barriers still exist will not be lowered , except the ones that exist to protect consumers because we 're the ones who it 's most easy to slip stuff by , not like those pesky lobbiests  well this is what i am worried about and everything i heard about ttip suggests that it 's only good for the big corporations and bad for the average consumer . 
   when you discriminate against the corporation you 're discriminating against their shareholders . 
  sorry but if that `` discrimination '' means that a eu country has a higher standard and a us company ca n't deliver that standard then that 's not the problem of the eu country and it 's not discrimination at least if they do n't exclude their own products from this standard . 
  and yet there is much more secrecy about these negotiations than needed , i think this is the main concern and it may not be 100 % rational but not everything needs to be . 
  add the hard feelings towards the us due to the nsa scandal and you get why so many germans disapprove of ttip . 
  can you eyplain why transperency is silly ? 
  ( honest question ) if there 's nothing to worry about why not make it public ? 
  if you [ follow the tag ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/search?sort=new&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;q=flair%3aslice%2bof%2blife ) you can see that it 's supposed to be everyday things of the european life , that 's why / u/vee312 ridiculed the tagging of this post . 
  it 's the tag of this post . 
  that 's next friday , right ?
