  that 's actually pretty good but as you said it 's the exception . 
  definitely a recommendation , yes . 
  one of the best shows currently i 'd say . 
  i habe to wait for subtitles as well , luckily you can geht them a day after the show airs . 
  thanks but i think i 'm doing fine with my usenet subscription , it works like a charme so i see no point in changing something . 
  torrenting also does n't offer really stable speeds and i do n't want to write `` pls seed '' four times a day , haha . 
  it 's also much cheaper , only 3,33 $ per month for my plan . 
  that could very well be an influence , although older people are really not well educated and the 40-50 generation often learned it but had no use for it , so what they learned got lost along the way . 
  no idea , i only watch it in english :p, 
  i watched it twice and found it horrible . 
  this show is so much about language , trying to translate all the subtle jokes is impossible . 
  another good example is or rather will be hannibal . 
  [ hannibal s02e12 spoiler ] ( #s `` when hannibal tells mason verger to eat his face and then asks him how he 's doing he says `` i 'm full of myself '' , you ca n't translate that properly . 
  '' ) , hower to view if you 're caught up . 
  i mainly use usenet to download shows and movies , gives me a proper and stable speed and the best security i 've discovered . 
  the fullxony-subreddits are pretty decent though , 
  wow . . it should definitely be a standard qualification for everyone in this position to speak english . 
  that works for tv shows * but not so good for current movies and i want to see certain movies in a theater . 
  * although i 'd advise against torrenting in germany , many lawyer firms will send you not so lovely letters . 
  the last sentence is probably not perfectly correct grammar but i do n't wanted to change the whole structure . 
  i think many germans almost expect dutch people to know some german because it * is * common ( hopefully not because they think dutch people should know german ) . 
  i talked to a really relaxed young couple and they could completely understand me , although i 'd rather have spoken to them in english , i found it unfair that i could just go on in my native tongue and they had to concentrate to understand me . 
  but i 'm shy with my english and they said that they were fine with german . 
  maybe i should learn some dutch so that i can at least say a few words the next time something like this happens . 
  your german is pretty decent , 
  our movie dubs are pretty decent , it 's the series that get really shitty dubs and still everyone wants to see it with dubs , even if they have to wait 3 months for game of thrones to start . 
  all i want is to be able to watch movies in a theater in english without having to drive 30 minutes to that one little one where you 'll get to see this : /, 
  depends on your idea of representation , democracy and european integration , i 'm just critical about the fact that germany has more say in laws that affect people from luxembourg just as much as they affect the people of germany , that does n't seem really fair . 
  check out the guide to flights in r/travel it 's in the sidebar and it 's pretty amazing . 
  well they 're not included in statistics that are raised solel for eu countries , that 's the reason most of the time . 
  i 'd be very interested as well since iceland is a unique country and really interesting . 
  well it 's hard to have a proper representation in representative federal systems , i 'm okay with this , just because germany is the country with the largest populance does n't mean that they should have more say . 
   meaning that they wo n't be able to fish their waters until the fish stocks are exhausted i did n't look into where they export most of there fish but i 'd bet that it 's the eu , so they 'll be affected by this one way or another iirc . 
  i 'd love for icelandd to join the eu , i think it 's the most sympathic country in europe and i want to see them being included in / r/mapporn posts just one time . 
  what is the safer method to you ? 
  trusting a private company to create voting machines ? 
  this is much easier to abuse ... 
  there 's generally nothing to say against real feminism , although i 'm not sure if that party consists of feminists or * feminists * . 
  that 's why you vote for the pp in this election :p, 
  good and sound explanation , thank you !, 
  would n't there be a problem between ( complete ) anonymity and the process of verifying that you were the one who voted and that you only voted once ? 
  thanks for the explanation !, 
  no this is n't what i 'm saying . 
  gosh you 're all taking this very seriously . . 
  yes i think you 're correct , i could n't find any 180km/h signs . 
  your title is n't precise enough , there is no * general * speed limit but there are certainly speed limits that disallow you from driving unlimited km/h . 
  this is all i 'm saying , no need to get agressive or petty downvote ... 
  that 's pretty much the only thing you can hold against him . 
  i hope you reported the american one for abuse . 
  maybe i 'm remebering it wrong , thought i 've seen it around frankfurt . 
  the point still stands that the general speed limit on the autobahn is not infinite everywhere . 
  then you labeled it wrong ... 
  driving on it . 
  i 've been to brussels this spring and we definitely had a supbar service there , at one bar they took my chair when i was using the bathroom because they wanted to close up . 
  they had n't even asked us to leave , they just took it and i was standing there . 
  kind of dickish although it 's a funny memory . 
  this is not accurate , there is no * general * speed limit on the autobahn but there are speed limits for many parts of it , usually 120-130km / h , sometimes 180km/h . 
  saying that there is no speed limit is false . 
  it is but your action will be counted as expression of indifference . 
  well do you get seperate time from your employer to vote ? 
  in germany the idea is that 95 % of the voters do n't have any obligations on sunday since everything besides police stations and so on are closed . 
  i did n't know that this is possible , really cool from the technological standdpoint but i 'd be concerned about my privacy , how does the mechanism work ? 
  you could 've expressed your disagreement with handing in an empty ballot , that basically says that you agree with the ( voting ) system but do n't feel like a party could represent your wishes . 
  if enough people do it new parties will arise that may represent your wishes . 
  i think that people are sometimes forgetting that they are n't voting for a single president that 'll run things . 
  there 's no harm if the pirateparty will get a few seats even if they 're unorganised . 
  there job will be to introduce their ideas and policies , they wo n't be the only one in charge . 
   also the way you act towards bulgarians and romanians is downright shameful . 
  you tell them , your country is gladfully not doing anything wrong nowadays ... 
  i do n't know about this , did n't want to imply this , it 's generally just a difficult language . 
  i hope you 're aware of / r/lanl _ german and/or duolingo , it can be fun with these too and you can message me any time you need help , i 'm always glad to help you out  ... and you just reminded me that i wanted to take a look into my swedish book again . 
  german is a pretty difficult language , i 'd surely try to avoid it if i were a kid in school unless i 'm really interested in learning it . 
  i did that myself ( well not with german but with my second foreign language ) and picked latin over french because my sister struggled with latin . 
  kind of sucks because french would 've probably been more useful . 
  suprisingly i 've only seen this in these eurovision maps , nobody claims that germany won the worldcup zero times . 
  they 're not irish , they 're us-americans . 
  that one too , yes . 
   after all google , facebook , linkedin , vmware , ebay , oracle , microsoft all have their european hq here . 
  well that 's also due to the lax data protection laws . 
  why are they shitty countries ? 
  i 'd support a statement that said they have shitty * governments * but then the us would be a shitty country too . 
  this may suprise many people but the german one is actually dissolved . 
  kidding aside , the nsdap ( if we 're talking parties ) was obviously dissolved in 1945 as have two parties after that , the srp -- sozialistische reichspartei ( ~ socialist reichs-party , which consisted of members of the former nsdap ) and the kpd -- kommunistische partei deutschlands ( ~ communistic party of germany ) . 
  it was further tried to dissolve the fap ( not kidding ) -- freiheitliche deutsche arbeiterpartei ( ~ liberal workerparty of germany ) and the npd -- nationaldemokratische partei deutschlands ( national-democratic party of germany ) , the first one was n't further pursued because the chairman dissolved the party ( they were in some shady financing stuff and probably did n't want to get investigated any further ) and the latter failed because the * vafassungsschutz * ( german intelligence agency which is supposed to protect the constitution ) had the party infiltrated * that * deeply that it was n't clear if members of the initial party or the * verfassungsschutz * - ` agents ' stirred to commit crimes that would make it possible to dissolve the party . 
  so the npd remains and with it the dvu and the rep , the only three parties that i 'd say have nationalistic tendencies in german politics . 
  all three of them are basically a joke , the npd is sadly in one state parliament , dvu and rep get less votes than the animalprotection party , the npd usually around 1-1 ,5 % which means that they wo n't enter parliament due to the 5 % hurdle ( you have to reach at least 5 % to enter parliament ) * but * they get money for the votes they get , that 's how the campaining system is supposed to be financed in germany . 
  i 'm unsure wheter or not the attempts to dissolve it will succeed or fail or if it 's the right thing to do . 
  i despise their positions but you ca n't dissolve positions or ideas or stances , the voters will simply choose another party tha 'll once again get its 1-1 ,5 % or they 'll create something else . 
  sometimes it 's better to watch your enemies instead of forcing them to take other measures . 
  #fascism #nofilter, 
  i hate that kind of facism ... 
  have n't heard that one either and i get that it 's morally more tolerable , some might say sloppy work . 
  i should put technically in there . 
  it 's a huge failure for the universities , they even gave out summa cum laude 's for dissertations that were full of obvious plagiarism . 
  guttenberg plagiarised from a popular newspaper 's article , hell he used full paragraphs of one . 
  i do n't know if you 're joking or not but i do n't think this exists . 
  it * would * * technically * still plagiarism and does n't hold up as scientific work . 
  maybe you should point out that annette schavan was secretary of education , if her cover-up attempt would n't be so sad for all the people in schools who get told that cheating is wrong it would 've been so much fun . 
  i might give it a try , i 'm not sure either but what 's to loose ? 
  i got that , just wanted to point this out .
