  sadly not really hard to be way better than hungary these days . 
   the world to legalize marijuana through referendum just last year , the first national expansion of medicaid in 30 years so you got weed in two states and still a very shitty health-care situation . 
  and that 's supposed to be good ? 
  you could post over at / r/judgemyaccent or sent me a short recording of something via pm . 
  if you want to do it , vocaroo.com is a pretty easy way to record right away , 
  my dad can beat up your dad . 
  well it 's * average * , which can be confusing . 
  there are many * really well * payeds people in the us ( of course these exist in europe too ) who make $ 80 million/year , bill gates , sport team maagers and whatnot . 
  a better thing to look at would be the mean income . 
  this is what gets germany good statistics too , really shitty tactic but the politicians can say that unemployment is at an all time low . 
  ca n't speak for everyone but i 'd rather have north korea border our north , they seem less trouble and maybe rodman would pay us a visit when he drops by , he 's after all the second most admired person in germany right after the hoff . 
  also it 'd be nice to have a wall again , you can paint all sorts of stuff on it or hang posters , it 's just practical . 
  i think it 'd rather be a `` which country has to operate the base '' thing , at least i would be comfortable with a base nowhere near me . 
  they probably do n't intend to insult you , it 's just a little bit amusing to hear your native language with an accent , i think that goes for all languages . 
  you 're lucky the british accent is a really nice one , the german accent on the other hand ... 
  but i get that you find it a bit offensive , they should n't laugh at you but rather * with * you about some small struggles with a really difficult language . 
  i hope you take it lightly but feel free to call them out on it , germans are often pretty straight forward so if it bothers you ask them to stop . 
  sur but has thisever happen ? 
  if they need approval of the * bund * why should n't they do it themselve ? 
   they 're sovereign subjects to international law , that is , can sign treaties etc. 
  uhm do you got anything to back this up ? 
  i 'm certain that this is n't correct but i ca n't find anything right now . 
  i though of * kreise * and * st\u00e4dte * . 
  fair comparison , and there are also initiatives to make that legal . 
  but i doubt that it 'll be an issue anytime soon , anyone who wants to make their own alcohol will do it , it 's not like the police raids homes over this as long as you keep it to yourself . 
  oh well , did n't know that . 
  although i 'm not a smoker myself i hope that other states and countries follow this and uruguays lead , it 's a rather harmless drug , certainly less harmless than alcohol and people should n't die or go to prison for this stuff . 
  feels weird to be a supporter of something that you wo n't be profiting from :p, 
  german states do n't have that much responsibilities though . 
  german feeralism and us federalism are different things , in germany you have a cooperative federalism , most power is on the federal level and states only have smaller responsibilities ( finances is the largest though it '' s shared with the federal level , after that it 's mainly education and cultural policies ) . 
  the us is a competitive federalism , us states have more responsibilities than their german equivalents . 
  and we actually have a third and a forurth level in germany , though i think this is similar in the us and they do n't have legislative power so it 's only an administrative level . 
   how are coffee shops supplied with weed , if it 's illegal to grow and to buy ? 
  i heard of one coffee shop owner summing it this way : `` when i get asked how i get the weed i 'm selling here i tell them that i go outside early on every morning , look up in the sky and hope that a package falls down . 
  and let me tell you i have never been denied this wish , there 's always a package falling from the sky . '', 
  do n't ask , do n't tell i guess . 
   it was just legalized in colorado & washington completely certainly not completely , i think it 's illegal to grow them , is n't it ? 
  you can just buy it at approved sellers , no ? 
  well i counted the last two sentences as an opinion and i do n't voted based on opinion , but i get your point , it does portray it rather as a fact than an opinion . 
  but i 'd also disgaree with  denying the possibility that a majority of ukrainians legitimately want their country to turn westwards because i think that the country is pretty torn apart in a western half which is closer to the west/eu and an eastern half which is closer to russia . 
  i did n't understand this sentence so i kind of skipped that . 
  it definitely has overlaps with polisci and economy , you mentioned some things that reminded me of theories in this field ( public opinion for one thing ) . 
  this gives you the 11th upvote ( resets not counted ) , i really enjoy your replies ( in this thread ) . 
  do you happen to study anything related to communication studies ? 
  while i do n't spend much time here ( currently ) i agree with this , you can have fun here , learn something and have casual talks , i really enjoy / r/europe and i think the idea of an utopia where nothing goes wrong is a stupid idea . 
  okay i think this comment is a good example of what op may be talking about . 
  here 's a [ screenshot ] ( http://puu.sh/8gtpg.png ) in case it gets edited/deleted or the votes change . 
  i 'd say that it 's a relatively good comment , not enlightening but a fair mix of information and opinion . 
  ( gosh i really hope i did n't miss anything that would justify ( 14 | 10 ) votes ) . 
  you did n't even put a strong opinion in there , i could n't even tell which side you were arguing for - if we want to divide this into europe vs. russia why is this downvoted without a single reply ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  spectrum . 
   everybody examines their use of the downvote button to ensure they use it properly and in accordance with the reddiquette . 
  this would fix * so * many problems on reddit . 
  an `` imgur.com/hfse3dhs.gif '' comment is highly upvoted while a quality reply from a quality user is being ignored ( well not in this case , but it 's quite the norm on reddit ) . 
  i rarely see italians in this sub for some reason , good to see one , 
  while i agree and am generally open for meta discussions i 'd say that op does n't provide much , just complaining and vague statements , i would n't even know what the hiveminds position on most issues is , i 've been in many threads where i was confused that some comments were so highly upvoted ( not even a negative kind of confusion , just a general one ) . 
  and debate on reddit is always tough , the only sub that i subscribe to that rarely has any real arguments is / r/talesfromtechsupport , which i love dearly for this reason . 
  it 's the voting system that is flawed , but it ca n't be fixed , even with hidden votes i 'm able to tell which positions are unpopular/popular in a matter of seconds ( i also have over 300 confirmed kills ) . 
  you linked to the google seach page , here 's the [ image . 
  ] ( http://www.chefhansen.de/wp-content/uploads/2011/03/img_6949.jpg ), 
  do n't forget the us , at least on reddit you often get told that you as a european should be thankful for the efforts the us went through ( the us did basically win the war by themselves , mind you ) and that this * totally * justifies any current military operations done by the us . 
  i 'd say the difference is that in both examples you provided google is involved as a company , if the nsa spies on their users or their servers in general that 's bad for their business and they can rightfully take a stance on this , same with the chinese government wanting to censor search results . 
  google does however have no direct place anywhere in the ukrainian conflict . 
  although it may be difficult to agree because we 're really only shown one side of most situations i 'd argue that google rightfully tries to stay out of this and does what they want to do , provide accurate maps ( well and eventually make money off of it ) . 
  i really did n't know this , great info thanks for compiling it an cest is definitely fine , 
  in german it 'd probably be `` erw\u00e4hn nicht den krieg ! '', 
  i got the reference :p, 
  oh , i did n't know that they broadcast it this prompt . 
  * according to google translator , which is probably nothing but accurate . 
  it 's nice to hear that , i find german to be a very beautiiful language but i aslo understand why people find it agressive , we have many sounds that can get you that impression , * sch * for example . 
  i remeber when i just went into an aldi a few years ago and grabbed a box with a sim card , payed 14,99 $ for it and had 15 $ of balance and that was it , now it 's much more difficult . 
  haha , nice flair . 
  you did n't even answer the question man ... 
  not me , i 'm * definitely * waiting until september 17th for the dvd release , high definition and a release when the show is available , that 's just not for me , sorry . 
  dutch is such a funny language , whenever i read it it reads like german turned into a drunks funny language , * beantworden * and * vind ik niet meer leuk * , haha . 
  no offense my dutch friends , at least noone thinks that your language sounds like your always angry ( :, 
  when i wrote it he said he 'll appeal , now he doens n't , that 's correct . 
  well i think it 's rather a technical thing , but i too would agree that it 's certainly not valid from an ethical standpoint . 
   but neither the society nor the country not anyone has a benefit of sending him to prison . 
  except that it 's a signal for tax dodgers that it 's possible to go to prison for tax fraud . 
  that 's a stupid argument . 
  he broke the law , he should go to prison . 
  he is going to appeal and the highest court of germany ( bundesgerichtshof ) will have to decide if his self-indictment was valid , if they find it valid than he 'll receive less punishment , probably no prison time . 
  not gon na fall for the first one , you also should look up the definition of a fallacy * , not everything is a fallacy . 
   the fact that people get pissed off does n't justify their racism . 
  you should know this . 
  i agree , this is what i wanted to express with `` not an excuse for racist comments of others '' . 
  ____ * me pointing that out is probably also a fallacy , maybe ad hominem ? 
  i only had that one source because that 's the reason i tagged you when i noticed you the first time , but you kind of remember people once you tagged them . 
  you constantly post comments that are just fishing for picking a fight , sometimes legitimate , often not . 
  but in most of them you 're * looking * for a fight . 
  this is what i mean with trolling . 
  you can argue that germany is corrupted , i wo n't say that this is false , but it 's certainly not the most corrupted country in germany . 
  by many standards it 's the least corrupted . 
  but i 'm fine with you claiming this , i 'm not offended , i just dislike your agressiveness . 
  you claim that you have this flag because it magically shows the true face of people but you proably have n't considere that your quest to stir up shit is what gets on peoples nerves . 
  not an excuse for racist comments of others , but i think you get what i 'm saying here . 
   i use this flag because it really brings out the racist ( and all other sorts of bias and prejudice ) in people from this sub . 
  you 're trolling also helps with this , you once said that [ germany is the most corrupt country in the eu ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1okgpr/cdu_gets_donation_from_bmw_owners_during_co2_talks/ccsw606 ),
