  you may have a right to not recognise a state , but this is just bullshit . 
  `` lalala you do n't exist '' , come on . 
  this is childish behaviour , does n't seem like a good partner to me . 
  edit : nice to see that some people in this thread continue with this childish behaviour , downvotes do n't mean ' i disagree with this comment ' . 
  sad that we ca n't have a rational discussion about this . 
  a friend of mine recently traveled around the balkans and he also visitited kosovo . 
  when he got back the border official placed his stamp right were the the stamp from kosovo was . 
  he said that they did this because they do n't recognise kosovos sovereignity . 
  i do n't see a bright future for the affiliation if this is a policy , i 'd actually be against it until this is sorted out and kosovos sovereignity is recognised , it 's their right . 
  because they 're afraid that this will bring negative reputation , i think you couldd get rid of pretty much any product by declaring that it 's offensive . 
  like these [ screws ] ( http://www.usifaz.com/web%20site%20pics/screws/hex%20cap%20screw%202.gif ) who clearly represent a penis and are therefore offensive to 51 % of the population ( 50 & women and 1 % man with no or more than one penis ) . 
  we still have that and it 's the best . 
  if you take this from us expect some rataliation . 
  seriously , i 'm a pacifist but this is a reason to start a war . 
   ` people who were n't born here but now live here ' um , racist much ? 
  similar to a [ semi-truck ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/semi-trailer_truck ) but less heavy ( mostly ) . 
  and it 's just an advertising term , the bank does n't do this to comply with the religion , they want more customers . 
  i guess this will come in the same time period as minimum wage , in 2017 right before the elections when it 's clear that merkel will not run for another term and the spd will force this , maybe the greens and die linke will help to achieve this . 
  it 's so sad that this one party ( well also and especially the c * s * u ) is often blocking change in this country . 
  i was n't arguing for * having * to learn a language , i argued for why one * should * learn or be confronted with a foreign language . 
  tsch\u00fc\u00df , goodbye , hej hej - whatever fits you . 
   unless you look for opportunities and make it your goal to get to one of those 2 countries here . 
  well you asked for one movie and i 'd say this is a must watch . 
  you 're just here to ramble off , i 'm not interested in this . 
  you just added one case to the image of ignorant english folks . 
  * hurr durr everyone speaks english either way , no need for another language , just speak english *, 
  i 'd vote for slovenia or finnland , the finnish are really simple and do n't have such a strong national symbolism , i like that . 
  check out / r/lanl _ german and https://duolingo.com if you have n't already done this . 
  seems like you 're under the assumption that german and french is only spoken in two countries ... yikes . 
   can you name that arent in english the life of the others/das leben der anderen would be one from the top of my head . 
   ok , why did it take you until university until you took a swedish course ? 
  i honestly have n't had the opportuity , this was n't an option in school and driving 30-50km for a language course was n't an option . 
  but i was actually obliged to get 5 ects in a fiel of choice so i did a language course , it 's a pretty good experience imho . 
   languages are hard no matter when you start them . 
  i do n't feel like continuing with this conversation after this sentence , i feel like you know very little about languages and you 're just bitter for some reason . 
   there are simply no reasons for 99.999 % of british kids to learn french or german . 
  why do you think so ? 
  as i said , it can come extremely handy when you want to lern a language in later life and it 's just another form of knowledge , you 'll also understand your own language better , i 've recently learned this when i took a swedish course in uni , you recognise many things about your own language . 
   later in life you can explain the intellectual reasons for teaching them languages and the doors it opens . 
  as i said , it 's much more difficult to learn a language later in life and it will be even more difficult if you have n't had an experience with this in earlier in life . 
  our former head of state is currently at trial . 
  i honestly do n't know who these people are that apperently watch 4-6 hours weddings on a tv , but they 're out there . 
  many elderly people are still in awe with monarchy , i get some of it but often enough i kind of miss the point , especially when my grandma adorse these people for the way they dress . 
   the reason we are communicating in english right now is why we in the uk should start learning languages later because learning a second language is a fairly intellectual pursuit not a pragmatic necessity . 
  it 's more difficult to learn a language in later life though . 
  and basic skills in let 's say french can help you with italian or other languages that you may like to learn later in life . 
  same goes with german and dutch or swedish . 
  it 's not a necessity but i find people who only speak their mother tongue to be kind of limited intelectually wise . 
  i definitely agree and my english skills only improved because i started watching how i met your mother and breaking bad in english and joined reddit about 2 years ago , which means reading english articles , comments and writing comments in ( mostly ) english . 
  you learn languages through fun activities , not in a classroom . 
  so it 's rather speculation and/or a joke than firm plans ? 
  is there something that i missed , what 's the reason to get a new flag ? 
  if you reply with your credit card number and your personal credentials i 'll show you a few pictures my son drew that show what a monster #kony is . 
  he 's after all the most legit source and therefore he should make up for half of this 4 minute video . 
  no that 's kony ^ ^ ^ #kony 2014, 
  look into flights , they 're usually really cheap as are probably the expenses there . 
  and the flights there are dirt cheap , i 've found a non-stop flight from frankfurt to belgrad for 146 $ or 166 $ with lufthansa , travel expenses there are probably next to nothing when you 're used to german or dutch prices . 
  this will definitely be one of my nex vacations . 
  romania is probably too beautiful , the other pics would fade . 
  but seriously , romania should be in this album , it 's a fucking beautiful country from what i 've seen . 
  we do n't have too many mountains here but when i 'm on vacation in the netherlands or northern germany i really get uncomfortable after a certain amount of time due to the lack of mountains/hills/anything higher than me . 
  no , that 's `` no answer '' , at least i interpret it this way . 
  yeah , i try to avoid bavaria as much as possible , we call it mordor here . 
  well they could definitely be more relaxed , it was a pleasent suprise when they showed up at a party i attended and just saw that there were well over 80 people ( they were 4 ) and it was in a dorm ( studentenwohnheim ) and just smiled and asked what we were celebrating and then left . 
  this is not the way any time such a thing happens . 
  they still think they are ... 
  i have n't had any problems in my very limited encounters with the police , they 're often a buzzkill when they end parties or at demonstrations though . 
  i rarely notice them though and my biggest fear is that they 'll catch me riding my bike without a light :p, 
  reverse psychology right there . 
  do n't get it either , do n't mind them , you replied in a decent manner . 
  i too laughed about this * pew pew pew , do n't question my data , pew pew pew *, 
  the most arrogant thing one can do , you ask ? 
  picking * yourself * when asked who is the * least * arrogant . 
  what can you do though , of course it 's the banksters that should bleed over this and sadly they do n't but many greeks are at fault too , when they participate in corruption or do n't keep the books straight ( i 've seen a picture of a room randomely filled with paper , this was called ` bookkeeping ' ) . 
  i do n't have anything against vatican , although i 'm critical of many aspects of the catholic church . 
  i chose the vatican because it sticks out since it 's the smallest country and i guess there is no real hate or tough relationship with other countries so you get that it 's not a true answer . 
  i wish i could 've put ` none of the above ' as an answer , i made the same comment in last years survey thread . 
  i really dislike that i have to pick one country to dislike , there really is n't a country that i 'd pick . 
  still no reason to dislike the whole country if you disagree with the government ( system ) . 
  if i were belarusian and i 'd see that people on here would vote for my country as the least liked , i think that would drag me into nationalism , thinking that these people are only envious or something like that . 
  at least this was often used by previous authoritarian regimes . 
  plus i really ( sadly ) know jack shit about belarus so that 's why i went for this kind of safe answer , i wish i could 've put it ` no country in particular ' . 
  if i 'd were asked about governments the belarusian one would definitely rank very high , this is true . 
  i 'm a vegetarian and even i have to admit that those are delicious !, 
  you have this everywhere , i 'm afraid . 
  well it was just a reccomandation , i think it 's the more pragmaticc way , same legal rights matter more in my opinion than the name . 
  i think the only way is to get rid of the term ` marriage ' though , since it 's hard to change the definition of this term . 
  leave the relgious people with their term and change every legal documents to something like ` civil union ' or whatever ( in german it could be `` eingetragene lebenspartnerschaft '' ) . 
  we have this almost the same rights bullshit here , just skip this step would be my advice . 
  and here i thought croatia was progressive on this issue , sad that it 's the other way around . 
  it 'll work this time , i promise . . 
  haha :d, 
  i always see them as our slightly retarded cousins , talking funny but definitely likeable . 
  did n't knew that , why do n't you ( always ) put a `` none of the above '' answer in there , it 's different from not answering . 
  it 's okay , i picked you for most hilarious accent  and i still believe that it 's just german but you pronounce the words funny ... 
  i put vatican city as my least favourite country not because i dislkike them but because i do n't dislike any country per se , love ya all bros < 3, 
  yeah , i think this is better here . 
  most of the time the word ` racist ' ist used it 's wrong either way . 
  i do n't understand the second part , sorry . 
  it 's hardly used in politics because everyone tries not to be associated with it , i guess .
