  it would n't make sense either way , what are they going to say ? 
  `` oh you want the maut ? 
  that 's so nazi of you '' . 
  would n't really work , would it ? 
  no harm done by noone , i just got tired of discussing my opiniong because i thought it was n't that controversial and pretty clear why i think this way , you were very respectful +8 upvotes ( also from previous comments/posts ) tell me that you 're anything but a dick , 
  why would anyone pull a nazi card , are we planning another holocaust ? 
  why has n't anybody told me about this ? 
  i think he is questioning that the media is * only * portraying him in one way , as a political prisoner , which he probably was , but he 's also been in some shady stuff as it seems but this is n't covered . 
   itt : germans complaining about a german-language post while being opposed by non-germans who do n't mind some non-english content . 
  ad bavarians somewhere in the middle between germans and non-germans  edit : it 's even funnier when i look at your flair-text :d, 
  you can definitely do that , after 20 + comments where i had to explain my ( to some ) incomprehensible wish of a translation for all the non-german speakers i 'm done for today , 
  jokes on you , jag talar lite svenska  sadly really only a few words , i took a class in uni and am currently in my second one , a1 level , so ... yeah . 
  i could n't find it anywhere online . 
  i have nothing against content in other languages but it 's not cool to exclude people from a post just because they do n't speak the language , that 's why there should be a translation . 
  i do n't get it either but i think people on reddit can find pros and cons in everything , i did n't feel like my question was rude , not sure why people tell me that i 'm totally wrong and * everyone * understands this level of german , i can assure you that i most certainly do n't understand anything in every european language besides german and english , maybe all you other guys are better at this than me , 
   we request that users who post non-english articles also post a translation ( even if just a machine translation ) to help the forum engage with the post . 
  however , this is only a request , and posts will not be removed for this reason . 
  yes , with a translation . 
  do n't know if that last part is sarcastic or not , i rarely see non-english content , if it is there 's a translation in the comments or the op submits an article withing gtranslate , that works fine for me . 
  i do n't know how you come to this conclusion , sorry . 
  just translate it next time , it 's even in the guidelines of this community . 
  https://pay.reddit.com/r/europe/wiki/community_rules  we request that users who post non-english articles also post a translation ( even if just a machine translation ) to help the forum engage with the post . 
  however , this is only a request , and posts will not be removed for this reason . 
  this is my point , i would n't have made this comment if op posted a translation . 
  but another person did which is very cool , 
  yikes , how could i as a huge supporter of reddiquette forget this , thanks for adding this . 
  there is a rule that may hint at this though :  adhere to the same standards of behavior online that you follow in real life . 
  you 'd probably speak english if you were on a train with an indian , someone from south africa and another person from guatemala . 
  i replied to another post saying that i would n't understand it if i did n't speak german but on second thought i think it 's * possible * . 
  i did n't want to create an unproar , i just found it impolite to just post german content without any further comment . 
  i obviously ca n't answer this question since it 's my first language and i 'm therefore almost fluent in german , but i tried to imagine what it would be like if i did n't speak german and came to the concludion that i probably would n't get it . 
  remember that not every language is as close to german as nederlands , 
  i would n't call it offended , i just find it impolite to post german content to a non-only german subreddit without any comment . 
  i 'm subscribed to both and i think they 're not at all alike , / r/europe is a better mix of r/worldnews + germany + unitedkindom + sweden + ... + funny + technology , it 's a catch all for anything related to europe , i would n't even say that it 's dominated by uk news , i 'd even dare to say that it often lacks uk news which is the reason i 'm also subscribed to / r/unitedkingdom , i 'd miss too much if i would n't be there :p, 
  this is not what i meant though , i 'd think it would be 100 % okay if op translated the comic ( maybe in a text field under the original picture of in the comments ) . 
  i think it 's impolite nevertheless , maybe that 's just me : /, 
  i do n't think they do , reddit has only [ 4 rules ] ( http://reddit.com/rules ) , the rest of the policies are up to each subreddit . 
  ironically this subreddit does n't have any rules on that , i think it 's kind of a ` fair use ' agreement , you do n't have explicit rules but everone agrees on english as the standard language , atleast i thought this was the case :p, 
  you have the obligation to follow the rules , there are no such rules in / r/europe but i think it 's a mutual agreement not to make a second / r/de out of it . 
  it should be clear that the * voting will regulate a subreddit * does n't work . 
  just look at / r / ` funny ' . 
  but op did n't even made an attempt to translate it , he/she could 've just posted it as a comment . 
  this is just lazy and annoying , even for me who understood it . 
  why would you post a joke on german in / r/europe ? 
  if you think it 's worth to share it you should translate it , op . . 
  i think i could last a year with this , not even kidding . 
  i only use whatsapp though . 
   five principles for surveillance reform  along with a letter , the tech companies also published five principles for reforming government surveillance :  \u2022 limiting the authority of governments to collect information  \u2022 greater oversight and accountability  \u2022 more transparency about governmental demands on tech companies  \u2022 respecting the free flow of information  \u2022 the creation of a `` robust , principled and transparent framework '' for requests for data across jurisdictions . 
  yet the company itself breaks two of these rules , they store ip 's although they ( currently ) do n't have to , their competitor vodafone does n't . 
  and they do n't really ` respect the free flow of information ' when they introduce data caps . 
  he probably means not censoring anything but if you throttle youtube but your own site is n't being throttled that can be counted as some kind of censorship/gatekeeping . 
  and yet rt remains a legit source for many people on reddit . 
  what happened today is awesome and i 'm in full support , we even had a support protest here and i 've been following this quite closely , it gets lots of coverage in large papers and on tv . 
  keep going , i firmly believe that change will come !, 
  wow , that 's a really large crwod ... 
  you 're next . 
  if it were n't for the guy on the bed you can find the exact same place somehwere in berlin because people would view it as ` hip ' . 
  i think it 'd be a great thing to do and maybe it 'll make a questioning in germany more likely . 
  i thought so , it was a joke . 
  i know it 's weird given my nationality , but it does happen . 
  thanks for explaining nevertheless , we do both , grades continue ( i went to school for 13 years and anyone says `` i 'm in grade 13 '' but the system of higher education on a gymnasium was called * g9 * when i went to school , since it was 9 years of education after primary school ), 
  no wonder you are so superior when you have 15 year-olds in third grade . 
  i read the wuestion but did n't look at the graph because i thought it was unrelated and was higly confused how i should be able to answer this question . 
  ~ ~ op is probably german or german speaking , drilling means * bohren * in german . 
  i for one find drilling tunnels anything else but boring . ~ ~ but as it seems it 's the right term after all : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1rzkg7/after_600_meters_the_tunnel_boring_machine_nora/cdsjuww, 
  i see , than it 's a different issue . 
  but you can also laugh at that in case you did n't actually say it and think it 's ridiculous that anyone would believe this rumor , but i believe he actaully said this , correct ? 
  what are you supposed to do other than laughing at such a stupid question ? 
  seriously . . 
  tell me about it , i see now ordnung in this revolution . 
  well i think they expected it too . 
  we 'll never know , so ... 
  well i thiink it 's not organised , they just assume that somebody will film it , most people will be aware that it 'll cause trouble if so many people wait there but only some will get their goods . 
  as i said , it ( probably ) was a pr stunt and they were aware that it would turn out this way . 
  free airtime on the crappy news shows . 
  i think the bus thingy varies from city to city , i recently moved and people will usually let the persons out first and then get in , but they 're generally really tame here . 
  thanks for the insight , 
  i do n't know if you 're joking ( due to my heritage ) but i honestly believed that this stereotype about britains loving to queue is really exaggerated . 
  if it is n't i 'm really amazed . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not defending their action , i think they behave like apes . 
  it 's once again a pr stunt , the stores want this media attention , but if it were my shop i 'd also be pissed off . 
  are you demanding that ~ 150 people * , who 've been waiting since 1 am for the store to open , queue for 75 ps4 's ? 
  would you queue for that ? 
  * who are stupid because they could 've easily pre-ordered this , without any hassle . 
  would n't be different anywhere else , no country has a patent on rational people . 
  you een missed amsterdam . 
  it 's probably a time issue :p, 
  definitely , stuttgart is listed as 1,98 million , just the city has ca . 
  590.000 according to wikipedia . 
  frankfurt has ~ 600.000 but is listed as 1,93 million . 
  mannheim is listed as over 1 million while they actualy got 300k inhabitants . 
  ruhr is a whole region , i 'd much rather have strict numbers for just the city . 
  now come on over here , you look tasty . . 
  i loved alkmaar . 
  we 've only been there for one evening which makes it kind of ridiculous that i reccomend it , but it 's been a very nice evening and i loved walking through the city . 
  i can also reccomed this [ camping site ] ( http://www.delepelaar.nl/de/ ) in the north where you can camp in the middle of dunes , you get a lot of privacy because the spots are pretty huge -- our closest ` neighbour ' was 10m away -- and it 's also very nice for families , 
  probably one of the few times where the pope is the one of two who is more liberal towards homosexuality than the other person . 
  well it 's only one part of our house and the only room we ( or rather my parents ) currently use is the kitchen . 
  it 's insulated , just not very good . 
  i think faulty constructions are present in any country of the world .
