   type of culture solves personal dispute by hacking a pregnant woman with a machete til a mentally disturbed man is a culture now . 
  if the guy was named hans meisner , 47 and a lorry driver , would you blame his culture ? 
  try to force your narrative in here and jerk off to it , i wo n't have it though . 
  yeah right , just like the last three people who went on rampages in germany , all musli ... oh wait a second , nope , they were n't . 
  it 's the bullying , the depressions , the anxiety , hopelessness et al. 
  that drives people over the edge . 
  you are just here to push your agenda and it 's not helping . 
  the shooter was a male so it is definitely rooted in masculinity . 
  he was also an avid gamer it seems , so it must be that , huh ? 
  correlation ! = causation, 
  how is a seemingly targeted murder of one person a terror act ? 
  you guys are on drugs ... 
  this is what terror wants to accomplish though , division and fear , and it seems that people like you are there to make sure that this goal is achieved . 
  i did n't expect to read this comment without a sarcastic undertone , you guys are hilarious for blaming merkel for a personal dispute murder . 
  how could you , angie , how could you ????! 11 ?? 
  it even took me a second to get that he was being serious . 
  that 's what you mostly see in germany as well . 
  oh thank good , we 've have waited so long for an american to comment on this question , and you even provided a thorough analysis , amazing !, 
  it 's not you , enough germans do n't understand it fully either . 
  10 people getting shot happens at least every week in the us . 
   the europe of my childhood is gone . 
  i do not recognize this new europe . 
  oh come on ... 
  i wan na get in on that bet as well . 
  well it probably is n't ... 
  how is moronic bullshit like this upvoted ? 
  it 's incredibly condescending towards people in turkey possibly fearing for their life or at least their future . 
  criticise politics all you want , i 'll join you make no mistake , but it 's ridiculous to say something like that ... 
  turkey has had coups in the 60 's and 80 's , when do we count a country as stable in the first place ? 
  i get what you 're saying though , but it 'll be a long way down the road if even at all . 
  accepting a country with a clearly unstable government seems not likely . 
  add the other reasons why turkey wo n't be accepted and it 'll be less than unlikely . 
  difficult to judge though at the moment . 
  seems like flights are halted for now . 
  life 's not a michael bay movie ... 
  make sure to download tor to bypass internet restrictions and keep updated . 
  an unbinding vote with unforeseeable effects , this is literally the opposite of control . 
  also : let 's see who has net neutrality in the future , chances are certainly better for eu countries . 
  still three days left and already 150.000 signatures . 
  go and be the 150.001  https://savetheinternet.eu, 
  right now it seems even less likely . 
  which is stupid , putin is dangerous and anti-democratic . 
   the end justifies the means and all that . 
  no , no it really does n't ... 
  there is no moral in violating the principle laws of international relations . 
  period . 
   one could argue that it was morally right , albeit practically wrong long-term for european interests to get rid of saddam . 
  certainly not through an agressive war !, 
   european foreign policy should be about morals and equality of countries and rule of law . 
  signing that . 
  i get that , but enough people really think that russia is the good guy or unfairly treated or something like that , which they really are n't . 
  that was not a very good comeback , pal , and this is - again - coming from a german . 
  i was n't being serious though , love you dutch-bros !, 
  dumber than most people save the dutch ? 
  well then a nice sunday at least , 
   and i 'm not german ... yet . 
  thanks though , makes me feel better , haha . 
  good luck tonight if you 're a fan , hope france wins , 
  cut me some slack , it 's really hot here i ca n't think straight . 
  sorry , not the sharpest today . 
  i do n't get it , that does n't ean it 's 0 % against it . 
  so sarcasm it is , right ? 
  there 's no percentage for austria on there ... 
  do n't turn this into a russia/usa black and white issue , the fact that americans are war mongerers does n't make russia the good guys . 
   100 % of austria was for this war that number sounds very off , got a source on that or did i miss your sarcasm due to my germanness ? 
   thankfully is was overthrown a few months ago st\u00f6rerhaftung is still not gone though , we do n't know if there wo n't be any risk of getting into legal trouble until it 's established by courts that they wo n't proceed the requests of copyright trolls etc. 
  until this is certain : be careful , the copyright trolls have already proclaimed that they wo n't stop with their bullshit . 
   the cultural and business capital is munich lol at munich being the cultural capital, 
  you 're talking as if the danes understand each other https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-moy8vuebk, 
  british motor w\u00f6rks , got ta stick to the german origins . 
  usually teenagers or losers who do that , or both . 
   if you are a fan of the death sentence , you should consider leaving the planet . 
  ftfy, 
  his party wo n't have enough seats in parliament to nominate the chancelor , they 're currently polling ~ 22 % and i doubt that they 'll get more than 27 % so yeah , not gon na happen and it would n't happen with steinmeier anyways , he already lost an election against merkel ( well his party , we do n't vote for our chancelor directly , but they 're obviously important for the election ) . 
  right , him wanting to establish a stasi 2.0 is nothing to worry about . 
  you could forge one , two birds with one stone . 
  could be either estimates or numbers from religious organisations , it 's not too difficult to get an accurate image of the numbers . 
  every browser can remember user names and passwords , let alone dedicated password managers . 
  do you type in yours every time you go to reddit ? 
  here you go , this is a conservative british newspaper elaborating on the deal bush and blair had for `` findng the evidence of wmds '' i.e. 
  fabricating it to have a reason to go to war . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/tony-blair-and-iraq-the-damning-evidence-8563133.html and the bbc confirming this http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-34565075 and the guardian elaborating that they went through with their plan even though south africa told them that there were no wmds https://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/nov/30/blair-and-bush-went-to-war-in-iraq-despite-south-africas-wmd-assurances and here 's a timeline of the events : http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2011/12/leadup-iraq-war-timeline, 
  [ here you go , ` bud ' ] ( https://www.salon.com/2015/05/20/george_w_bushs_cia_briefer_admits_iraq_wmd_intelligence_was_a_lie/ )  iraq had wmds and had used them before . 
  any source on that , bud ? 
   wmds were made up ? 
  in 2003 they were made up , the us and uk even admits this . 
   are you seriously going to tell the iranians and kurds whose families were murdered with mustard and sarin gas that ` wmds were made up nope , but this was n't in 2003 ... lol , teaching me about morality while your country illegally invaded a country and commited countless war crimes on the way , lol . 
  the threat that was used to justify the invasion - wmds - was made up , there 's just no discussion about it . 
  there was neither an attack on the us and its coalition nor an un resolution , thus it 's an agressive war . 
  period . 
  both were wars of agression , yes . 
  america certainly did n't went in out of the goodness of their heart . 
   it would n't change the fact that they had a legal mandate . 
  which again , i 'm doubting , there is no clear consensus whether it is legal or not , although most non-american sources seem to point to it being not legal . 
  they did invade though , you 're not going to convince me ( and probably most people in here that are n't americans ) that this was anything but an agressive invasion . 
  so i 'm done here , you 're not going to change my opinion and i probably wo n't change yours . 
  the threats were made up though so even if the resolution were to be valid ( i ca n't asses that ) it would have had no basis . 
  1991 ! = 2003 how hard is it to grasp that ? 
  was just giving a reference to my initial joke . 
   and not leftists in germany actually pretty much anyone was and is against the invasion , not only `` leftists '' .
