  ah right , a hitler reference once a german dares to comment on ... well anything . 
  hitler taught us ( well apparently not you , but me and most germans ) another lesson : do n't just go ahead and invade countries in agressive wars , a lesson that the us has n't learnt yet . 
  they did n't have a mandate for the 2003 invasion , there 's really no discussion about this . 
   refuse to participate in an agressive attack on a sovereign nation without un mandate ftfy that was the right thing to do . 
  thank fuck you did . 
  [ * cough * ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/josef_fritzl ) ... [ * cough * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marc_dutroux ), 
  that seems like a thing trump would say , pretty idiotic statement even if turkey is making a fool of themselves lately . 
  that 's the austrians/belgians , not us . 
   styria likes to put it 's pumpkin seed oil at unusual places ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  non-swamp germans also love it , especially in northern germany, 
  lorenz is a german brand , but i 've never seen that flavour in germany , so it may be an austrian thing . 
  and zey may atthack at any time, 
  she really should n't though , no need to sink down to erdos level . 
  probably the worst thing the ss did , though , so we 're safe in that regard , right turkey ? 
  probably to cut funding for mental health spending , they 're a deeply anti-social party . 
  actually it did happen before , in november 12th , 1988 . 
  it 's our national holiday to this day . 
  ah man , guess you were wrong , huh ? 
  man , i wanted to make a math joke along the lines of `` i find it ironic that you included a decimal place , i thought liths deal in absolutes '' but then i found out that what i mean was natural numbers rather than absolute numbers , so i ca n't make that joke . 
  not sure what 's more difficult here , crafting a joke or math . 
   you can look over crowds , have a nice view most of the time . 
  which can be a slight disadvantage because you may have to look out that people behind see enough . 
  that 's actually a thing that 's mainly pushed by the csu , the conservative party of bavaria which is the sister party of the nationwide party cdu . 
  it 's not very high on the political agenda right now , so i do n't see it coming anytime soon . 
  i 'm against it actually as i suspect quite a few germans are . 
  yeah right ... 
  the sun would argue that they only did colour correction though . 
  people who claim that yugoslavia or something like the german reich still exist are usually right wing nut jobs , yes . 
  that does n't mean all border disputes . 
  i 'm not reading into anything , the typo changed the whole meaning of the sentence since it implied that yugoslavia still exists which it does n't . 
  simple case of a misunderstanding due to a typo . 
  let 's end this now , we 've cluttered this thread too much already . 
  if someone does n't acknowledge modern borders they 're often right wing nationalists , the ` was ' could 've indicated that , yes . 
  okay , then i 'd like to apologize for that , you just do n't know anymore if it 's a harmless typo or a hardcore nazi behind the keyboard that 's causing the issue . 
  lol , have n't read such crap in a long time . 
  yeah a real shame we dealt with the nazis , people like you probably feel alienated by that , huh ? 
  it 's not a grammar nazi issue , it changes the whole meaning of your comment . 
  who knows maybe you do n't acknowledge the modern borders of europe and think yugoslavia still exists , there are all kinds of weird actual nazis in here who argue like that . 
  yeah keep that bullshit over there buddy , will you ? 
  thanks . 
  yugoslavia is a very different case because it does n't exist anymore for starters . 
  yeah , good thing people in the uk are rational and voted against brexit . 
  oh wait a fucking second there ... 
  what do you mean by ` unlikely ' ? 
  it 's the law , there 's no oh sometimes it works that way , sometimes the other way . 
  no , taiwan numba one . 
  you should n't do that you lazy fuck : /, 
  they most likely are actually . 
  wow why were you downvoted ? 
  just for clarification : was * that * sarcasm ? 
  at least the people who sew my pants get a decent pay ... 
  until recently there was no simple adblock solution iirc ... 
  thank you for doing this , i do n't need it but i certainly appreciate it !, 
  no there is only one person from slovakia and it 's you . 
  dat scaling, 
  germany : raf = rote armee fraktion britain : raf = royal air force that 's why s_he was puzzled , 
  one time i put my ballot paper in one of [ these ] ( http://www.gastro-premium.de/bilder/produkte/gross/muelltonne-mit-raedern-120-ltr-hdpe-blau.jpg ) ... 
  i had to pick one dude : /, 
  like i said , i thought about the people and the landscape and since i 've never been to a country that i did n't like afterwards and there was no choice to select * none * i had to pick one randomely . 
  opened the list and randomely typed on my keyboard . 
  i knew it was wrong . 
  thanks for the reply , i really apretiate it , 
  i tried that , did n't work . 
  but my flag is literally net to my username :p, 
  this was maybe some 10 years ago and i have a beatiful girl right now  but it 's funny . 
  as i thought of her i smelled some kind of odour in my nose ( do n't know how to put it ) and i instantly remeered that time . 
  got ta love your brain sometimes . 
  well i just thought about landscape and the people . 
  if you look at it in a political way this would be my choice of course . 
  honest question : is there some dispute between italy ( especially rome of course ) and vatican city ? 
  i also had a crush on pope john paul ii so i ca n't do this : /, 
  i do n't get this . 
  who stole the flag ? 
  i picked you for funniest accent :d, 
  no , i picked sweden . 
  and i think many did so because of the stereotype of beautiful swedes , 
  did i oversee something or was there no * none * option in the `` least favourite countr '' question ? 
  i had to pick one ut i 've never been to a country which i do n't like so i randomly chose latvia , sorry guys . 
  i really do n't dislike your country !, 
  we even had a student from latvia as a guest in our family and i had a little crush on her . 
  well maybe only the large images get hosted there !, 
  it 's due to the enormous size of the image , it 's op 's fault , not minus 's . 
  they had plenty of opportunities but did n't use them . . 
  thank you for doing this  the younger escalat0r took latin instead of french , 
  i think most people are confused by the fact that danes have a much higher chance to communicate with someone on german than germans themself . 
  it 's this way because the table excludes communication within a country . 
  so danes have , besides austrians , people from switzerland and other german speaking people everyone from germany ( 80 million people ) to speak to while germany has all the other folks + denmark ( 5.5 million ) * but not * germany itself . 
  i hope this helps , it 's hard to explain this . 
  who downvoted your comments ? 
  yeah i know that but the message stays the same . 
  she would n't have left if she were single or her boyfriend was member of the spd/cdu/fdp . 
  i do n't know what to think about this . 
  i meant most ( maybe 90-95 % ) dispise the npd but it 's still ( at least right now/when it happened ) a legitimate political party . 
  another thought : why should she resign for something her boyfriend did/does . 
  i know she did n't officially had to but there was a huge pressure on her . 
  again : not at all a nazi lover . 
  well you 're not allowed to lie on the internet ... 
  i missed france !, 
  very true . 
  i think [ he ] ( http://puu.sh/175bh.jpg ) would be the average person to answer these questions .
