  yeah we were really lucky with the weather , i think we had sunshine and blue sky every day execpt for one . 
  we were staying in the south of saaremaa near l\u00e4bara . 
  kind of similar in germany ( well the old-young divide i mean ) and also different across regions ( the east is the least religious thanks to the socialist g 'd ` r , the south is the most religious ) . 
  but i 'm definitely suprised if i learn that a younger person is really religious . 
  happened recently ( on my vacation in eesti haha ) i was mildly baffled . 
  religion seems really not very unimportant to most young people . 
  never knew that and i find it equally stupid , haha . 
  well i 've mostly been to rural areas ( we lived at a friends house on saaremaa ) and spent most of our time on the island , only on our last day we 've been to tallinn which was sad because we did n't see very much . 
  but it was surely one of the most relaxing vacations i 've been too , 
  ah i see , thanks for the insight . 
  i 've recently been to estonia , beautiful country and i could n't observe any indication of religion hehe . 
  nobody wants to do that stuff anymore :(, 
  only that they start their week with sunday like the yanks . 
  donner means thunder , though , you 're correct on this one . 
  never figured that it was n't because of donner either , hehe . 
  care for some anschluss ? 
  i think it 's the czechs who are generally considered the least religious , no ? 
  so instead of listening to thousands of people you listen to one person telling his biased story of one event to get a glimpse of the situation in germany . 
  you surely are a moron ... 
  good for you , when was the last time you lived in or even visited germany though ? 
  oh right , probably never , so get lost , you do n't know the situation here , how could you . 
  here are some people who will give you a good overview about the situation : https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/52kvpm/serious_germans_of_reddit_is_the_immigration/, 
   i 'm fearful of the both the established and new migrants for educated reasons . 
  enjoy your naivet\u00e9 while it can last . 
  no you 're not , your view is n't educated and you wo n't impress anyone with fancy words , do n't fool yourself . 
  you have no clue of the situation in germany and yet feel the urge to blast about it for some reason . 
  do the world a favor and just keep your mouth shut on issues you know nothing about , you 're just embarassing yourself . 
  just figuring your demographic from your exclusive posting there . 
  good to see some common sense in this thread , i get around quite a bit and i honestly ca n't say that * anything * feels different at all . 
  according to reddit it absolutely is , in reality ... no . 
  but an avid poster in r/teenmom like you makes me question my perspective of reality again , i mean you 're obviously more experienced how life in germany is like than i am . 
  none !, 
  they actually changed that to 650 $ , / r/600euro moved to / r/700euro to prepare for the eventual upgrade . 
  got ta be prepared , you know . 
   oh shit you realise that this is profanity to the prophet right ? 
  should i report you to authorities or will you do it yourself ? 
  why dodge the stoning though , those are fun . 
  or are you a woman by chance ? 
  ^ ^ no ^ ^ no ^ ^ no ^ ^ no ^ ^ no ^ ^ no, 
  yeah totally , basically a war zone and we have shakira-law as well , god i hate that music . 
  maybe * you * should really stay away . 
  should n't it rather be anti-capitalist than anarchist ? 
  how so ? 
  lol , yeah allowing people to wear what they want to wear surely is anarchism . 
  it 's called liberalism ( read : not neo-liberalism ) . 
  and it 's morally wrong to touch that law ... 
  i agree , it 's simply and easy to grasp debate to distract people from more important proposed laws . 
  have fun getting a 2/3 majority in both chambers to limit freedom of religion ... 
  good to see some reason in this thread !, 
  nothing says freedom like banning stuff . 
  you surely are a moron . 
  a yeah , perfectly fits their value liberte to limit someone 's freedom . 
  motorcycle helmets are perfectly fine to wear as well , outside of banks at least , this is such a shitty argument . 
  nothing says women 's rights like telling a woman what to wear or what not to wear . 
  ya 'll idiots , just let people do what they want , this is how liberal countries should operate . 
  he was n't motivated by it , so stfu . 
  and that was a personal dispute , not a terrist attack . 
  try to focus on your country instead of bothering me with your lack of knowledge and shitty agenda , you got enough shit going on there . 
  another ? 
  afaik it 's been the first and not even a successful one . 
  seems like you 're here to push an agenda which i do n't care for so bye bye . 
  they did n't name that . 
  ah right , so ban clothing that ( might ) indicates a certain view that you 're uncrofortable with , not harmful , just makes you icky . 
  should we ban assless chaps next because you know , those indicate certain alignments as well ? 
  or maybe not because neither is none of your or mine of the states fucking business . 
  seriously , i ca n't wrap my head around people saying that they 're against illiberal and restrictive philosophies and then demand illiberal and restrictive measures against them . 
  if they 're not bothering anyone with it and choose freely , people should be allowed to wear what they want to wear . 
  this is how liberal countries should operate . 
   i would have thought it will make matters worse . 
  forcing people to conform is n't a great way to stop radicalization imo . 
  you 're assuming that * everyone * who wears a burka is forced to do so which i 'd definitely challenge . 
   so when a guy kills women and then stabs two other random people who never seen him before !, 
  this is a personal dispute ? 
  a personla dispute that got out of hand , yes . 
  a rampage is not a personal dispute that escalated . 
  again , what even makes you say that his culture made him do that ? 
  if he was german , what would his motivation have been ? 
   so when a maddened person throw himself at girl whom he kills and then two other random people that is not a rampage ? 
  i would n't say so , no . 
   and this act is nothing less then effect of barbaric culture . 
  this is your opinion rather than a fact , you do n't even know the guy and bio-germans do that shit as well , are they part of a barbaric culture as well ? 
  only the axe attack was politically motivated and i 'd hardly call it a terrorist attack . 
  i also fail to see how the machete attack is relevant at all here , this was a romantic dispute ( not sure if that 's the right term ) . 
  so where 's the difference ? 
  i 'm saying that the relationship or lack thereof was the reason for the attack . 
  this is a personal case , no terrorism and no rampage . 
  try to be less emotional and more rational . 
  maybe you stick to the facts first ? ... 
  lol , one attack with no casualties and you use ` usually ' ... oh how i love american the experts in this sub ... 
  the mother who was killed was not killed in a terrorist attack , it was a personal dispute and they were a couple . 
  the system is n't difficult to figure out if you spend 10 minutes to think about it . 
   they 're thoughts are invaluable considering our politicians push for demographics similar to america . 
  no , they 're not , the americans that come here and * berate * europeans ( read : not all of them ) are usually ill informed and just want to push their agenda . 
  and our politicians are n't pushing for demographic change , you stupid fuck . 
  we had a refugee crisis and some european countrys made the right decision to not let this people die . 
   its better you approach it this way only to avoid further escalation . 
  no , hate will not get us anywhere but more issues , you 're contributing to the problems , not solving them . 
  well i was mainly making a joke , the system is n't too difficult if you grow up with it . 
  that 's the bigger issue probably . 
  apparently ~ 300 people a year .
