  yet we both have these flags . 
  it makes things easier , especially in this subreddit , i guess . 
  i do n't ` wear ' it out of pride but because ... well i actually do n't know why . 
  i just picked it up somewhere , did n't know it was some kind of meme/trend . 
  sorry if it bothered anyone , i do n't like ( reddit ) memes in particlar either . 
  i dislike both governments equally , that 's why i focused on the people . 
  what are you insulted by ? 
   do you have a final solution for the american problem my german friend ? 
  i 'd protest if i were you . 
  but most people do n't care , probably you too . 
   perhaps a better idea would be not to use american websites . 
  what i write here is public either way , no point of using another one , so nah . 
  but you can get out of a european subreddit , 
  i do n't care to reply anymore , you wo n't read what i write . 
  have fun with your internet pointz . 
  what is not a fact ? 
  and what i wrote is certainly my opinion , i think i made that clear . 
  yeah , that 's totally what i said , especially the part where i talked about the government rather than the people / s. 
  i really dislike the invasion of defensive ` muricans in r/europe . 
  you 're spamming these threads just because you want to maintain some kind of image . 
  why do n't you just leave ? 
  i was n't critisizing your post but you . 
  seems also like more europeans are liking the russians ( read : russians , not russian government or policies ) better than americans . 
  at least from my experience . 
  what are you doing here besides trolling ? 
  there are enough other subreddits that 'll easily feed up on your posts , / r/europe may not be the perfect definition of a quality sub but it 's certainly critical . 
  so shut up , you 're annoying everyone . 
  i 'm with you on this one but i also understand the concerns . 
  you 'd have to make such a system/power abuse-proof . 
  and what would be the reaction , will there be an intervention by an army ? 
  or will that nation be forced to have a new election ? 
  and what will be the indicators used to determine if a nation is taking ` the wrong path ' . 
  will there be a council that 'll meet every month to discuss these issues ? 
  so many questions : /, 
  that was a joke this time , i did n't read much but it seems that the person the police searched for was indeed in the house although it was the wrong house . 
  and my farts smell of roses . 
  we made it an anti-american circlejerk , you made it a pro-american one , so at least jerk with us . 
  [ for example : fuck the police state !, 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/1juu29/i_dont_recommend_watching_this_if_you_already/ ), 
  and still you have n't replied to the arguments you were presented ... because there is nothing that could justify torture . 
  i really do n't see your point , he/she mentioned america ( or rather the us ) not american * s * ... and sadly it 's not the american history they were critizising , it 's the current america that is so fucked up that people just shake their head . 
  know , what i expected was confirmed . 
  if ou told me a bit about the cultural aspects of romania which a factbook ca n't really cover i 'd have written something else . 
  so when you 're confronted with criticism and you do n't have an argument you just start the * murica # 1 * rabble ? 
  that really gets old . 
  and i think we can disagree wheter the technology i use was invented by americans , i do n't think this is the accomplishment of one nation and i think the british empire likes to disagree with you on the last point . 
  so you know knothing as expected . 
  i 'm not certain but i do n't think there is any power that the eu could use to regulate this . 
  maybe someone with more knowledge can correct me . 
  many people will argue that you ca n't see berlin as a real part of germany , because it 's very different from the rest of the country . 
  same could go for paris or london . 
  i think it works better with munich and bavaria , munich is way more liberal than the rest of bavaria . 
  his argument was n't based on the individuals per se but rather on america as a state . 
  you should read my comment further up , i think it does n't matter if the us were as large as it is or as small as san marino . 
  that 's why people were confused when you brought up size , it does n't matter here , does it ? 
  considering that your the only * ` western ' * country i 'm aware of that knowingly tortures people , imprisons most people per capita on the world , that you still have the death penalty and have an opressive foreign policy while you declare yourself keeper of freedom in the world i 'd say it 's fair to state that america is a what bush jr. described as a rogue state . 
   as for your country , romania , i have no need to say anything or comment about it as everything is well known about it . 
  i do n't know too much about romania , could you explain what you mean ? 
  these people will always use the size of the us to argue you 're wrong . 
  there ca n't be a social security that wo n't let people die just because they 're poor , fair election - not with that size and a protest against the nsa spying is also not possible , the us is just too big . 
  and then they 'll forget that europe has more than twice the population of the us and consist actually of over 50 different nations , while the us is at least one nation under law and with such a strong nationalism probably closer than many european nations . 
  but not in a good way if you ask me , they constantly overrate themselves . 
  wow , that seems to be a controversial opinion around here . 
  you 're right , the jewish have a strong kind of lobby as do homosexuals . 
  i 'd be glad if we had a stricter seperation of church and state , that would get homosexuals their rights and the churches can do what the churches want and leave the state out of it . 
  this should n't be our concern . 
  * i 've been looking for * ward to be pardoned from these offenses . 
  i for one do n't like this song but it 's definitely what we call an * ohrwurm * , 
  join me , magnificent ichbinsisyphos . 
  yay !, 
  suck it , peasants . 
  one of the saddest things about such mischief , so many people get forgotten . 
  just like how many people exclude homosexuals/disabled/sinti & roma and all the other victims from the holocaust when it 's mentioned although those were another six million murders . 
  [ this should be the austrian national anthem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvgzkm1xwpe ) . 
  inb4 coldplay haters . 
  give it up guys , we did n't even vote for u/taenk , he will pick the country he wants and there 's nothing we can do about this . 
  he is the last dictator of / r/europe . 
  sorry , no comment . 
  i find it sad that you do n't react when someone confronts you . 
  are you okay with the current foreign policy of the us ? 
  that means secret cia prisons and torture there and in guantanamo , drone strikes on innocent people , the invasion of a sovereign nation on false grounds , the invasion of probably billions peoples privacy and i could go on . 
  so many people do n't seem to care about this and that 's why i think it 's not only the government but the people who ( passively or actively ) support it who 're at fault . 
  you 're amusing me , mr. ` murica . 
  this is why everybody laughs at the us nowadays , you 're ignorant and noisy . 
  and you only care about yourself . 
  the us is responsibel for thousands of deaths * today * , but you people like to ignore that , do n't you ? 
   because the u.s. is looking for security threats , i.e. 
  terrorists in europe suuuure , that 's what they 're doing . 
  they 're actually helping us will be your next argument . 
  your help is neither needed nor wanted and i think the compairon is fair , the us is pushing their interests forward and take thousands of live and the rights of many million people while they do that . 
  so kindly fuck off and keep to yourself , you 're not needed , yank scum . 
  what is all this ` murican scum doing in / r/europe anyways ? 
  you highjack these threads and manipulate the votes and spam the comments . 
  just get out , you 're not welcome , yank . 
  even self declared socialists/communists . 
  well maybe it 's the flags that cause this . 
  making it two sides , europe vs. rest . 
  i find them helpful because i do n't have to start every comment with `` i 'm from germany and here xyz is this way '' but they also cause problems . 
  i catch myself tending to sympathise with people from countries that i like and the other way around which influences my behaviour . 
  i 'll welcome every sub for rational but still sometimes casual discussion .
