  i hope you know of / r/lanl _ german  i 'm actually planning a thing i 'd call * learning ama * ( or lama for short , haha ) , would you be inerested in something like this or do you think others may be interested ? 
  i 'm not sure what my idea would be , i just liked the name , maybe a weekly self-post by me and/or others where learners could do pretty much anything they want , be it chatting , asking specific questions or stuff related to germany/german speaking countries . 
  probably only bavaria , as always . 
  and why the fuck do people feel the need to start their renovations on saturday at exactly 8am only to be done after an hour or so ? 
  why ca n't they wait until 10ish ... 
  not that my opinion would matter but i usually enjoy * good * jokes about anything related to the german past , i just dislike the bad ones `` lol hitler amirite '' and downvote them , yours was good , 
  do n't give the sun any ideas , they 're probably looking for a headline for tomorrow . 
  i wish people would be more relaxed about such delays . 
  if we all would n't be so fucking anal about punctualty it would n't be a deal , just pull out your smartphone and play a game or read some news or just enjoy doing nothing at all and start working at 8.05 am , would you ? 
  of course the bosses would have to be on par with this , i 'm arguing for everyone to chill the fuck out . 
  but maybe only because i 'm usually 5 minutes late . 
  now i 'm afraid that i 'll loose the flag next to my username : /, 
  it 's so funny when i 'm in / r/travel or / r/europe and hear people sing songs of praise about db and everyone around me is complaining . 
  for the record : i 'm neither a fan nor a ( what 's the opposite of fan ) of db but complaints about them being late are often really ridiculous , sometimes they 're late but it 's probably way better than in most countries ( from what i 've heard ) and they 're often on time . 
  i think that the title highlights that this is about a subjective feeling . 
  good example : there are lots of people in and around frankfurt who complain about the airport noise and argue that it 's unbearable . 
  meanwhile relatives of mine live close to a very frequently used train track that connects rotterdam an milano , the houses are very close to the tracks which make the noise i think 10x as loud as any noise created by arriving or departing airplanes in frankfurt and yet the people in and around frankfurt complain * much more * about their 0.1 x as loud noise . 
  it 's not really incorrectly translated though . 
  i would n't translate `` i have no idea '' with `` ich habe keine idee '' but rather with `` ich habe keine ahnung '' but if you ask someone to pitch in an idea what to you could do at the weekend and they ca n't come up with one they could definitely say `` ich habe keine idee ( was wir machen k\u00f6nnten ) '' . 
  are you a german learner ? 
  it is , i 'm not sure if you 're joking but in case you are n't : that 's not a very sneaky alt-account , haha . 
  you 're the second person with a scottish flag but a german username around here . 
  what 's up with that if i may ask ? 
  ( do n't read * `` giff us ouher w\u00f6rds beck '' * , please  ), 
  i 'm neither in favor of gambling nor am i against it , it 's sad that it drags so many people in debt but that 's just irresponsible behaviour and adiction , can be the same with cigarettes or alcohol or buying way too much stuff on these selling channels . 
  so i do n't see a point in limiting it , other than making it a 18 + thing . 
  that 's not how i 'd interpret `` not a moral issue '' . 
  i think they mean that it 's not an issue of morality . 
  take gambling for example , what does that have to do with morality ? 
  i would n't call it superior , just glad that i was born here and not there . 
  i never said that i feel superior . 
   what exactly do you have in terms of accomplishments that you can hang over the heads of americans ? 
  i 'm not sure if i understan your question corectly , can you specify what you mean ? 
   and while i 'm at it , have you even been to the us ? 
  nope and i 'm sadly not planning on it with the us at its current state . 
  i 'd love to come some time though . 
  not necessary , i got your point . 
  i still do n't see that much culture in the us , everything seems like a cheap copy of real culture . 
  but what can you expect of such a young country , eh ? 
   hamburger , fried chicken , apple pie , thanksgiving dinner so much culture right there ... 
  i would n't know what the/one national dish of the us is , care to share it ? 
  no , still an example . 
   every major grocery store has artisan bread now . 
  i have 3 bakeries in 2 minute walking distance which produce these breads by hand with people who did a 3 year apprenticeship , i do n't think that this is the case in the us or canada . 
   german dude , my city , a small metro , has 500-750 different food carts for a population of 350k . 
  ever have a korean bulgogi burrito with extra kimchi , do you even have korean/mexican fusion food ? 
  we have 10 + different german carts and our local best bratwurst [ 1 ] is better than anything i had in germany since i first visited in 1992 . 
  that 's not american food though , that 's german or korean food ...  it is n't bad , it is just not that innovative . 
  it needs more fusion with other food cultures . 
  i do n't know in which cities you usually are when you visit germany but i 've seen some innovation . 
  we have a little joint that makes burgers with hemp , red cabbage , soy or kidney beans patties , they have 8 different sauces , all vegan and - you may have guessed this - buns made of real bread . 
  also you 're implying that innovation is the way to go . 
  have you considered that not everyone is interested in this . 
  we are n't talking about technology here , i do n't think that food can get dated . 
  i ca n't really reply to this because i have n't been to these bakeries , my general point though is that you can get really decent bread at nearly every corner in germany . 
   ( never mind that you are using an american site with mostly american technology . 
  the computer was invented in germany and mine is produced in asia , so . 
  and nevermind that you 're in / r/europe  it 's especially this kind of downlooking attitude that i dislike about many americans . 
  why did you feel the need to tell me that i 'm using an * american * site , is it disallowed to criticise american * bread * on here just because it 's hosted and operated from the us ? 
  i 'll gladly return it too and tell you that my anti-american attitude is growing . 
  but not because of comments on a website but because of every ` drone-killing of innocents in yemen ' article , every ` nsa spying on the whole world ' and every ` torture of prisoners in prison x ' article i have to read . 
  the difference is that you can get a decent bread at every corner in germany while you probably need a specialised bakery for this in america . 
   get your shit together germany , you innovate so much with engineering and the sciences ; but where is the innovation with your food i 'm really confused , because i 'm generally under the impression that america does n't have much food culture . 
  in a recent askreddit thread it was the general consensus that the national dish of the us was pbj . 
  i hardly think that that 's culture . 
   seriously , some awesome fusion going on with your turkic-germans or whatever you call them , but you have the worst food in europe besides the english , imho . 
  i definitely disagree but i 'm probably biased . 
  which countries have you been to that have supposedly better food than germany ? 
  i usually miss the german cuisine when i 'm abroad . 
  either you missed mine or i missed your sarcasm . 
  it should be clear that there is no such thing as bread in the us , it 's just mushy stuff . 
  this is what [ proper bread ] ( http://musketnuss.files.wordpress.com/2011/02/img_9351.jpg ) looks like or one example of it . 
  for me it 's just none of it all , 
  i thought the sarcasm was in there . 
  in the us ( most ) eggs are washed , you have to refrigerate them because of this . 
  ( most ) european countries do n't wash eggs . 
  a similar example is the way poultry is treated . 
  in the us most poultry will be treated with chlorine , in the eu it is n't treated with chlorine . 
  not everything is like it is in the us . 
  i never had a school meal , my school got a cafeteria but that was optional and most pupils brought there lunch themselves . 
  we also do n't have that many prisoners and they probably would n't get importet goods but rather the once that are available here . 
  i think especially minnesota has a huge populance who have origins in skandinavian countries , they probably brought their tradition with them and that 's why you have these products there . 
  sadly it wo n't bes stopped . 
  because they can grow them all year . 
  it also * can * produce less co2 depending on the time of the year . 
  seriously , you should . 
  europe just does n't has that beverage culture , so consider importing them from half around the world for a really expensive price . 
  another thing you should try is american bread , yummy let me tell you , yum-my !, 
  panem et circenses , although these were states that were legalizing marijuana and i believe that most people in washington and colorado do n't have a horrible life . 
  to be honest i apparently do n't know much about turkey ( - s religions ) , i thought that they had like 20 % christians and a lot more atheists , probably because turkey has a rather strict seperation between the church and the state iirc . 
  i was n't attacking you , maybe it was the way you worded or i read it wrong . 
  no harm meant , 
  it 's great to have such an insight on that since it 's so hard to measure these things because of reasons like the one you pointed out . 
  i think it 's not really porgress when you consider what 's the state of important issues like human and civil rights for example . 
  it 's treading water . 
  wow , this is just horrible . 
  i knew that they destroyed the hdds but not that there was such a huge discussion about it . 
  i feel like the uk is in a really bad state right now regarding this issue . 
  i hope that they ( and of course i wish that on all countries , definitely germany too ) will turn arround on this and stop this abusive behaviour . 
  turkey has a few ten thousand christians and other religions https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_turkey#other_religions,
