the fucking 60 's , a decade of people thinking that it 's better to build new buildings instead of having old ones and the ones they build are blinking ugly !, 
  my feelings about frankfurt are correlated with the times i 'm there , the only fun ones are when i go to the airport , so it 's just a personal bias . 
  st. pancras was actually one of the things i liked best about london , it 's especially beautiful [ from the outside . 
  ] ( https://i.imgur.com/hj607hf.jpg ) i ca n't stand the train station in frankfurt , waaaay too many people there . 
  not sure which one you think is the ugly one , but i prefer the one in bilbao . 
  and now i remember [ the simpsons episode with gehry ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_seven-beer_snitch ) , which is a really good one . 
  i agree , but ironically enough you can also have really boring and dysfunctional buildings and pay * a lot * of money for it , especially when it 's a government building . 
  just as a sidenote : my brother works at a district court and they bought windows from china . 
  turns out they do n't fit/are of poor quality and they fall out when you open them . 
  they 're so heavy that they would severly hurt you or even kill you so now they have people employed who are basically trained window openers who come in once a day and ask people if they 'd like some fresh air . 
  ca n't make this stuff up . 
  there is some really ugly new architecture though , i think that is rightfully criticized . 
  i think the estonian one is fine , it 's hard to judge it by the sketch only though . 
  i have n't been to that many train stations ( in germany ) , most of them are dull or even ugly . 
  i like how the guangzhou train station is bathed in light , train stations are often so cold , dark and dirty , it 's nice to see at least the two not present here . 
  stuff like the nyc train station just ca n't be build anymore , it 's not functional/efficient enough but/so it 's nice to still have architecture like that . 
   amsterdam for anyone wondering [ here ] ( http://media.iamsterdam.com/ndtrc/images/20101028/06d3a296-d940-4b9f-bb1d-16f6a0769b7f.jpg ) is one and [ here 's ] ( http://geotravelstories.com/wp-content/gallery/amsterdam/dsc02281.jpg ) another picture . 
   important i 've never heard someone use this before , but it is in the duden so it 's a german word . 
  i like most accents actually and i do n't understand why everyone tries to hide their accent ( although i do it too , * but * german accent in english is quite horrible tbf ) , it 's just a sign of where you 're from and can sound really cute . 
  he 's probably embarrased by his accent and he said that he felt safer if he answered in german , which i get . 
  but a foreign minister should definitely be able to speak in english and probably a little french due to our relation - / partner - / friendship with france . 
  thanks for the video though , his english is better than i remembered . 
   you 're callous as shit if you do n't think a german cop or soldier would n't have the same idea flash through their head , especially if it 's a friend . 
  i really do n't think anyone would do this , honestly . 
   but i guess you 're one of those enlightened people from some fabled utopia that lack basic human empathy for somebody living with 1/10th of their body being unburnt there 's a difference between having no empathy and not wanting to take that persons live in my hands and decide * for them * if they get to live or not . 
   shit , i 'd be afraid to have a gun in that scenario because i would honestly contemplate shooting the person just to put them out of their misery & to save them from years of excruciating torture . 
  that would be murder and comments like this make me glad we do n't really have guns here , do n't want people walking around and deciding who should live and not , fuck . 
  his german is very good actually , the pronounciation of some words is even perfect ( i.e. 
  you would n't guess that he 's not a native speaker ) . 
  all that while germany had a * foreign * minister only about one year ago who did n't want to answer questions in english . 
  he gets karma by posting reaction gifs , that does n't require any skill whatsoever , the opposite i 'd even say , he ca n't offer anything of value so he chooses to post flashy images . 
  quick counterexample : protectionism against africa , we rather subsidize our own food productions or dump them instead of giving african farmers a chance to compete . 
  i hope you 're not sincere though . 
  no , but someone who 's only mission is it to fight with people who criticise or say bad thing about the us is a troll/shill in my book . 
   i 'm come armed with facts , citations and logic . 
  haha , sure . 
  last comment by the way , i have better things to do than arguing with you joke of a person . 
  do you ? 
  because i think you 're in deep denial of what you actually do on this site . 
  it 's not without reason that you 're a * known * troll by now . 
  yeah this is pathetic , fuck off from this sub , you 're ot welcome here . 
  and mind your own genocides , past and current ones . 
   i do n't think you know what that word means . 
  jan_brady alt account . 
  i 'm not going to say that i am not one of his alt accounts so that you can keep this conspiracy theory , i 'm also not denying that i am karmanaut . 
  i fail to see how my comment is ignorant , i 'm just stating what you do and you respond with `` and no more genocides '' , who is the ignorant one ? 
  and which country kills more people in the world currently , germany or the us ? 
  oh man , you 're the classic murica defending troll , you do n't do anything else besides picking a fight with people who say anything against your precious little country and when you run out of arguments you bring up stuff like your last sentence , just pathetic . 
  much unlike you then / s, 
  is n't this the point of reddit ? 
  there we go . 
   and romania wants to join the eu ... amen brother , in other news : i 'm really excited about the euro next year in austria and switzerland , i think italy or france will win it , since they were in the final last year . 
  no , you have to choose one , i mean you * got * to hate someone or something , right ? 
  how would you go about your day without some solid hate integrated in your attitude ? 
  i for one hate people who walk too slow , it 's cool because that 's many people so there 's always someone to hate . 
  you should pick someone to hate , it 's just a healthy attitude , really keeps you going , you know ? 
  sure , treat every refugee just alike and ignore that people from iran for example often have excellent education and others have a great work mentality . 
  nope , it 's the same way it is in english s p o. 
  ah sure thing , that would be * wir sind jetzt alle deutsch ( e ) *, 
  i 'm not sure what you 're trying to say , but you said : * we all to german are * , 
  help will be german , so ... 
  wow this is really cool , referendums for stuff like this should be more common , we 're blocked from full equality here because merkel actually * does n't feel comfortable with it * . 
  yes she actually said that on live tv . 
  it 's also a large part of her party that is also opposed to this , i think the other parties and a large part of the population are for it , i think we 'll have it in the next few years since they 'll be running out of reasons not to do it . 
  neat , some free lebensraum and also gifted to us by ... * the british * ? 
  i honestly thought that they would be more religious but this map suggests that they 're somewhere in the upper midle https://i.imgur.com/ejocw5w.jpg, 
  * shit i think they 're onto us . 
  thank you for the reply , two of my friends just started studying there ( fucking bildungsfl\u00fcchtlinge , he ) and that made me curious . 
  i 'll watch the video if i find the time , thanks for the link . 
   i agree that from the data we have so far , germany 's recovery does not seem to be significantly worse than that of the uk . 
  why do you flat out ignore that the uk is actually doing worse than germany , at least in flat numbers ? 
  i do n't understand this , you claim it and when i present statistics against your claim you still spin it the other way around . 
  kind of annoying to be honest . 
  i 'm sorry but i think i 'm not educated enough regarding econmy to talk about this , you seem to be very educated on this topic though . 
  but i 'll point my attention to this topic , it 's certainly important . 
  maybe it 's time for you to emmigrate then , 
  took another look , here is what i see : [ germany ] ( http://puu.sh/c8qbg/0e163f0dfc.png ) : highest point : 3 % , ever since that high point not much over 2 % , in the last two years always under 2 % . 
  [ uk ] ( http://puu.sh/c8qco/c566f5201e.png ) : rollercoaster , two times +5 % , only in late 2009 and since jan 2014 under 2 % so how is the uk better off with this ? 
  i do n't see how it does n't make sense , the graphs show the growth of gdp , that 's what you meant , no ? 
  ca n't figure out your directions , sorry . 
  the rest may be valid points , but you claimed that not * one * country did better than the uk , which is wrong . 
  and i fail to see how the crisis is starting to hit germany now , i 'm not too informed abot the/our economy but have n't heard anything that would suggest that , we have n't seen much of a crisis at all because we had austerity initiatives since the early 2000s . 
   the unemployment rate for germany is deceptively low because of the mini-job situation . 
  you refused to even look up data for poverty . 
  i explained that the unemployment data for germany is kind of skewed , i did n't * refuse * anything since i did n't promise to do anything . 
  and i pointed out why i did n't find data for ` poverty ' , seems like you did n't read that . 
  haha , that was two seperate comments , i promise , 
  can you still answer my question though ? 
  are vienesse more conservative than the rest of austria ? 
  because i would think that it 's the other way around ? 
  even if there 's a broad support for lgbt rights it 's still nice to actively show it once in a while . 
  i 'd love to see this more often . 
  what do you have against homosexuals ? 
  are you by chance an immigrant ? 
  these are pretty funny , i only remember that utah as a very conservative us state had the weirdest searches and the most for gay porn iirc . 
  do you suggest that people from vienna are more conservative than the rest of austria ? 
  spain would be an outlier to this rule . 
  cool map but kind of sad that they did n't have data for northern europe and benelux , they seem to be the most progressive . 
  i do n't want to start a fight here but some of these are not true . 
  just using germany for this example because , well , i 'm from here and it 's a country that did relatively well : ( you have to adjust the time frame to 2008-2014 , i used this time frame because 2008 is often referred to as the start of the crisis .
