  yeah you 're probably right , sadly . 
  that also ' * accidently * ' happened in dresden a year ago at an anti neo-nazi rally . 
  whoops we just happened to collect all the meta data of the people who were at that rally an close by . 
  what the fuck makes them * terrorists * , this word has lost all its meaning to you guys , has n't it ? 
  and it may be one of the first ralleys . 
  no one starts with 1 million on the first time . 
   they just hate europe because europe always looks down on them . 
  funny thing is that i do n't do this , i have a positive image of romania , at least of the things i know about it and i 'd like to visit in the future . 
  but you 're probably right , romania is often mistreated and this sucks to be honest . 
  good though to hear something positive from you , 
  i do n't get it . 
  surely it 's okay to criticise me , i made some too broad implications there but why deny that you have problems in your country ? 
  especially when they 're really not believable . 
  this is just once again stupid patriotism/pride getting in the way of a reasonable discussion . 
   you kinda know nothing about this country . 
  i may know too little about this country but i did n't bring it up in the first place , i did n't specify this to romania . 
  and i think it 's better to know too little than to be delusional like you and spread bullshit like there are no skinheads/neo nazis in romania . 
  i 'll end this now if you 'll excuse me . 
  right , and not seeing something means it does n't exist . 
  i do n't see how , you 're just being irrational and are probably insulted , which was n't my intention . 
  right , not one person out of 20 million is a skninhead or a neo nazi . 
  why would n't i believe that ... 
  well i did n't want to do that , i really did n't consider that and just wanted to reply in a banting way to the mistrust of ard which is not justified . 
  as i explained to him , i did n't use l\u00fcgenpresse to call him a nazi , i used it perfectly fine . 
   it 's being used to deride pegida followers well * they * started to use it , so if anythin that 's their fault . 
  are you assosiated/sympathetic with pegida btw ? 
  i find it foolish to vote for any far-off-center party ( goes for any country ) , that 's what i 'm saying here . 
  again , did i say `` all countries '' ? 
  right , romania has zero skinheads on no far right movements at all . 
  who are you trying to fool here ? 
  every country has these people . 
  did n't say `` all '' countries , did i ? 
   acknowledging that does n't make you a nazi stereotype like you insinuate . 
  how did i do that now ? 
   blindly believing their every word is just as stupid as blind disbelief . 
  is that what i 'm doing ? 
  i 'm just saying that they 're a credible source ... which they are . 
  when i say right-win i meant far-right or close to it . 
  unbelievable how people can be so short-sighted but yeah , surely refugees are destroying europe and not the maniac who is actually in power . 
  certainly for one book which happens to be free from copyright right about now iirc , that 's timing baby . 
  but in these countries it 's often very close to it , look at orban for example . 
  probably the jews again . . 
   make it look like a majority oppose immigration for starters they do n't , you are interepreting `` concerned about '' as `` against it '' . 
  * you * are the one who 's using his agenda here to misguide others . 
  i 'll rest this now , this is n't worth the time . 
  cheers . 
   no , please , let him display that general thought that goes in his government . 
  that 's just as ridiculous . 
   in one night the prices in portugal doubled and salaries remained the same same in germany , prices switched from dm to euro pretty much 1:1 and the exchange rate was 1,9:1 . 
   you 'd think with so much information at our fingertips , people would be a tad less clueless . 
  what good is information when most people are too comfortable to look at anything that is n't a meme/cat video ? 
  but fear ? 
  fear is an esay motivator . 
  okay i 'll give up , you wo n't believe anything anyway so there 's really no point . 
   cia , kremlin , jews , aliens , etc. 
  pretty redundant to say the same thing four times , no ? 
  funny thing though is that in many of these countries right wing parties are successful . 
  yeah of course * that * wo n't have any bad results . 
   so your beloved european commission is lying to us , saying people do not want immigrants in their countries ? 
  nope , but saying that they 're without an agenda seems foolish , everyone has an agenda . 
  but that does n't mean that what they say is wrong . 
  infratest-dimap is probably one of the most respected sources in germany , if you do n't take my word for it do your own research or ask / r/germany what they think . 
   l\u00fcgenpresse well that 's what pegida shouts or used to shout , they 're pretty silent nowadays . 
  did n't bring it up because of the relationship with nazism , but yes this exists . 
  i brought it up because pegida morons believe that the pretty unbiased german media is lying to them and they call them state media and what do they do as a response ? 
  qoute russia today , which is fucking state media and literally a propaganda channel . 
   oh man , first i 'll have you know that i 'm not a man , i 'm a woman . 
   people what do you mean [ you ] people ? 
   who quote did n't you just do that , you hypocrite ???? 1 ??!, 
   and answer if you did n't want anybody to answer this you should n't have posted a comment  like that again , like what people ? 
   drive me mad too . 
  you should n't drive , it 's bad for the environment . 
  oh right so who is n't agenda driven then ? 
  here 's a german word you might want to adopt : l\u00fcgenpresse . 
  you have to shout it at the top of your lungs while you qoute russia today articles . 
  hey man , do n't be an asshole like that . 
   well i have no idea who ` ard ' are ( the name on your chart ) but i know who the european commission are , and they do n't agree ... 
  they 're the biggest public tv station in germany , the source is definitely respectable . 
  i saw the study in the other comment , the person you talked to basically said everything there needs to be said , you can be concerned about the current crisis and still be in support of taking in refugees , i 'd say that both applies to me . 
  it 's a stressful situation for sure , but it 'll only improve if europe works together . 
   it seems that ` most germans ' are starting to join the realms of sanity too . 
  nope , the majority is still in support of taking in ( more ) refugees . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/germany/comments/3juiy8/ard_deutschlandtrend_september_2015_opinion/?ref=search_posts 5000 pegida morons in dresden who are against pretty much * everything * are not representative of germany . 
  see but it 's so differen across europe . 
  to me christianity may be the most followed religion but it does n't define europe ( maybe just because it 's not as important to me , but there are many regions where christianity is n't the religion of the majority ) . 
  same can be argued for your other points , just take belarus , huge differences in the political system , belarus is often regarded as the last dictatorship of europe . 
  my whole point is that both russia and turkey are both european and asian countries , from a geographical perspective and also culture-wise . 
  our languages are so similar  i 'm actually learning swedish currently ( well i need to pick up my book again ) but at least i 'm listening to swedish music in swedish right now , haha . 
  sure , i agree , but part of turkey can be argued as aligned with european values ( what would be those for you for example ? ), 
  and of course they 're part of europe from a geographical perspective . 
  they 're also part of asia of course . 
  it 's the same with russia basically as well . 
  a part of it is . 
  well `` besteigen '' is definitely both used for climbing a mountain and the other thing as well . 
  my dad always calls him * schweinebesteiger * , he thinks it 's funny so yeah i give him a chuckle since he 's my dad and german , it 's not easy you know . 
  pretty much , yes . 
  [ right , only in totalitarian regimes ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q2bfqdupl1i ), 
   what a great leader of europe this is the problem , germany is n't the leader of europe and it 's not supposed to be it . 
  a better approach would be to have an united approach for the whole eu , hopefully todays conference will move in this direction . 
   a joke is not going to increase the amount of radicals in a society .
