  sorry for all the jerking , i 'm often so angered and fell the need to express my views in these extreme manners because . . well i do n't know why . 
  i should n't have done this , since you seem to be capable to have a rational discussion with . 
  have a good day , there 's a bit left for you ( :, 
  it 's nice to hear that . 
  many people justify guantanamo with security reasons or say that we should be glad that the us is doing this for * us * which is horrendous . 
  defending torture in the 21st century ... 
  you may argue for a living but i 'm done here , i need to pack my things . 
  sorry , meant osama bin laden , not obama . 
  and i think it 's good to remind us-americans of the negative effects of 9/11 . 
  surveillance , guantanamo and agressive wars are often forgotten while they should n't . 
   mcdonald 's kept their coffee at extreme temperatures for no reason . 
  they argued that people like to drink their coffee at work and that this was the reason . 
   while you think it is amusing for old ladies to get burnt , here , we are happy they it is not happening anymore . 
  that 's not what i said , i said it was amusing that people sue corportaions because they spilled coffee and it was hot . 
  i realise that it may have been too hot but that does n't change much for me . 
  what 's next , suing your knife maker for too sharp knives ? 
   what i find so ironic about europeans fixation on things like hot coffee is that you have exponentially more regulation than we do . 
  that 's the ironic part for me too . 
  we have many regulations in germany , many of which are ridiculous . 
  but some stuff does work because we have these regulations . 
  i can drink tap water * anyhwere * because it 's heavily regulated . 
  you couldn ' do this anywhere on the world . 
  and lately the eu regulated that all cell phone chargers have to use the micro usb adapter , which is also pretty useful , i 'll be travelig tomorrow and we only need to bring one charger . 
  the us refuses to have such regulations and then complains that stuff does n't work . 
   like there was some fuss that the british could n't sell pints anymore they had to do it in metric not everybody knows imperial and metric  imperial , that should be clear . 
  obama is connected with 9/11 , is n't he ? 
  and yet again the broken international law remains unrecognized . 
  you just proved my point . 
  the us invaded pakistan by illegal means to get some vengeance for a thing that i believe us institutions took part in , passively or actively . 
  he argued that the us was cultural leader due to this . 
  i find this ironic because i always think that the us has very little real culture , since it 's such a young nation . 
   you guys pay to see jingoistic propaganda more then we do . 
  and for us , it is kind of an over the top laugh . 
  i really do n't think so . 
  most people in the us are not aware that the killing/murder of bin laden broke international law . 
  and some even celebrated it . 
  my mistake , they specifically said culture and only later explained that they meant pop culture after i replied with geuine influences on real culture . 
  and the us is only the ` leader ' because it produces such masses of movies and series . 
  most of which are n't really high quality but rather cheap concepts that 'll be repeated over and over again ( ` murica good - commies bad ' for example . ), 
  see : zero dark thirty , which is basically a propaganda movie and therefore never took off outside of the us . 
  there just is n't such a thing as * i 'm going to sue * here as far as i see . 
  people would n't sue others or firms because they had a problem with them . 
  this seems to be the case in the us though , is n't it ? 
  so how 's that a stereotype . 
  that does n't make sense . 
  a stereotype about americans is something like * americans ca n't name more than three european countries * that 's probably not true . 
  i just stated that there is more suing and imho ridiculous suing ( and i do n't see how it was mcdonalds fault that she spilled the coffee or that it was too hot . 
  coffee is hot , you should know that and be careful . 
  that 's why it was such a big story because the case is based on the argument that people ca n't know this , which is ridiculous and that 's why everyone laughed about this . 
  shittty since she had severe burns but the argument is still funny . ), 
  in the us . 
  i really do n't see how i reference stereotypes in my comment . 
  but right now you fit the stereotype of an angry and loud american , which is amusing . 
  * what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little bitch . . *, 
  insightful comment . 
  you 're probably also sorry for freedom and eagle tears . 
  i think these ridiculous law suits are pointless and i 'm glad that we do n't have a culture like this here . 
  i 'm not in favor of the corporations here , i just do n't like how dumbed down everything needs to be made and that people think they 're the most important shitpile on the planet . 
  some like american culture and some do n't . 
  the growing anti-americanism is probably a result of your foreign policy , where you treat the whole rest of the world as second class citizens . 
  do n't expect us to take this any longer , most people are really sick that the us thinks they can terrorize the world with drones and dmca . 
  all the muricans in this thread are just jerking back . 
  no real discussion here so you might as well leave this place alone . 
  i would n't consider the us a developed nation any more . 
  i get that the populance determines the content but the automatical assumptions that you 're from the us is really annoing . 
  let 's say there 's a thread about child abuse in askreddit : `` which state are you in , you should sue ! '', 
  - i 'm from germany , not the us . 
  and we do n't have such a sue culture as in the us . 
  you burned yourself because you took a sip of hot coffee - your fucking fault , moron . 
  not everybody is from the us and not everybody cares about the us . 
  for fucks sake this week someone tried to tell me that the us was the ` leader ' culture wise ... rembrand , picasso , mozart and what not disagree . 
  where is this place that they grow our * innenminister * . 
  they get worse every time . 
  i think it 's mandatory to hold this office to be a moron . 
  shoot , i 'll be in the netherlands next week but sadly not there . 
  maybe i can persuade my gf to go there , thanks for the hint , 
  i hope you see now what a big mistake it was to defeat us back then ... you would have been welcome !, 
  let ze germans in !, 
  i love tintin , thank you belgium for this wonderful thing . 
  it 's called * tim und struppi * here , 
  i 'm just a fan of electric stairs :p, 
  you really seem to have a clue of germany politics / s. 
  getting rid of nuclear power was popular far before fukushima and you really ca n't say it 's safe when you do n't know where to put the waste that 'll last for many many centuries . 
  that 's the main reason and also some failures in german power plants . 
  as i see it germany is giving much aid to other nations although i think that some of this is n't ` deserved ' ( the nepotism in greece is ridiculous ) . 
  but any nation that participates is doing this out of their own interests just like the us had interest in germany after ww ii . 
  i 'm still thankful that we got this chance . 
  and circumsision contradicts gg art . 
  ( every person has the right to physical integrity ) http://dejure.org/gesetze/gg/2.html so please educate yourself before you rabble like this and waste everyones time . 
  i 'm really not defending merkel here , she can suck it just as much as obama . 
  and i 'm realy not sure how i am responsible for the spying , i did n't vote any party that implemented this . 
   the german demeanor is growing more and more obnoxious by the day . 
  funny to hear this , not sure what germans are doing exactly that pisses you off , but it 's usuall americans that get called obnoxious . 
  i do n't think it 's wrong to praise norway for the way they handled this and condemn the us for engaging in multiple agressives wars and themselves acts of terror ( torture in guantanamo and abu ghuraib and many more examples ) . 
  even if it 's not comparable iyho . 
  ` sadly ' europe have n't had such a large terro attack to compare it to the us , sorry ` bout that . 
  ( i assume even 7/11 and madrid would n't count ? ), 
  do you say that as a norwegian that tries to tell me that he did n't keep his promises or are you just making a very useless comment ? 
  well i 'm not sure but that 's what stoltenberg promised . 
  maybe some norwegians can give us an insight .
