  and would n't that be quite an obvious sign of what they 're doing ? 
  and it 's swamped with far-righters . 
  so you do n't want to help people that literally fled from a war zone ? 
  your grandparents would be proud . 
  i have n't calculated this for slovenia but for germany it 's 4 people per 10k people , that 's one family for my home town which is definitely manageable . 
  read your username for me , please . 
  apparently their fingerprint is taken . 
  passively yes , they 'll only get benefits in their designated country . 
  that 's really unnecessary , pal . 
  i 'll have you know that i crossed the street today although the little man was still red . 
  yeah , just look at how old the accounts are , many are only a few days or weeks old , there 's been a large influx from right wing subreddits and other sites . 
  i 'm only calling him a troll for repeatedly ` speaking for the * volk * ' without anything to back it up , not his opinions . 
  this guy ( / u/partheus ) is the usual pegida troll , 30.000 people who apparently represent 80 million . 
  no you do n't , asshole unless you back up your claim you just speak for yourself . 
   i 'm just saying that most of us are not okay with having no say in this . 
  again , who are you that you 're able to speak for `` us germans '' ? 
   straw man . 
      i 'm not saying anyone should get priority - i 'm saying all should be helped equally . 
      '' . . can we also help our own ? '', 
  sure but why bring it up , i think noone who wants to support refugees would argue against helping underpriviliged people from their home country , yet you make it seem this way . 
  chances are that this family gets far better treatment and opportunities than any refugee . 
   he 's a really polite and almost shy dude , with great manners and work attitude , so basically every germans wet dream . 
  what are these people doing to get themselves out of unemployment ? 
  because they have it a hell of a lot easier compared to refugees since they 're allowed to live and work here without any second guess if they 're from the eu . 
  the job should go to the person with the best fit , regardless of where they come from . 
  right why do n't they just do what rambo did , that was a pretty sweet tutorial and seems rather easy and definitely like it could work in real life / s, 
  how is any of this relevant , they 're people who need help for fucks sake . 
  wait a second , does n't denmark take in no refugees at all ? 
  oh boy , i really wish we could trade you in against one of the highly educated people who seek refuge here , that 's be a great improvement . 
  i 'll unsubscribe from inbox replies , you 've proven more than enough that you have nothing of value to offer . 
  xenophobe then , potato potato . 
  yes , that 's me . 
  i 'd love to trade 5 people from `` third world countries '' against your racist ass . 
  bugger off now . 
   no sane person would welcome the biggest migration since ww2 into a single country , the fact that the people who are against this wave of germanic genocide have taken to burning camps speaks volumes of how strongly they oppose this . 
  well then good thing then that this is not what i was saying and not what 's happening and not what people want . 
  see , you have fallen for right wing propaganda , that 's why you 're so incredibly afraid . 
   you 'll have civil war within a decade . 
  you 'll no doubt be fighting against your own people you loathe so much . 
  yeah sure , whatever you say man . 
  i 'll rest this now , no sense in arguing with someone as deluded as you . 
  good one mate , it 's certainly not the xeno * phobes * who burn refugee homes that are the problem , no no . 
  could n't find a better word to describe it , do you have one ? 
  yeah i agree , usually deutschlandtrend is better than this though . 
   however , when they bring those degrees here , as soon as they see that these people are from a 3rd world country , they devalue the degree . 
  this is what should n't happen , it 's a waste of work . 
  if your degree is compareable to a german one it should be treated exactly the same . 
  sadly this depends , a friend of mine has a husband who got his degree in ukraine ( he 's ukranian ) and was n't able to ` convert ' his degree 1:1 . 
  i 'm not sure if that 's always the case but i think it does n't work that flawelessly . 
  true , yes , but these prices are often inflated without being connected to quality , biggest scam is locksmithes which is basically controlled by one company . 
  i hope this as well , props to your dad for doing this !, 
  care to give me link to read up on that ? 
  i think you can hire who you want . 
  not what i was saying pal and i 'll actually invite all refugees , they 're welcome here . 
  i 'd rather not have you put words into my mouth , kthanks . 
  yeah it 's a pretty weird wording , but it actually leaves a lot of space for interpretation . 
  the way i see it is that 44 % are not opposed to more immigration but could also be neutral or even slightly in favor . 
  [ not sure why you 'd use an unsourced graphic , here 's a better one from a public tv station in germany ] ( https://www.tagesschau.de/multimedia/bilder/crchart-1091~_v-videowebl.jpg ) q : germany should take in more refugees a : good - 50 % a : not so good - 44 %, 
  it 's a wikipedia article with * two * sources for the german part , one being a deutsche well article and one being a study . 
  sorry , but i 'm not trusting this with this topic . 
  edit : okay i gave the only credible source a shot , here 's the conclusion :  young migrants in germany are perceived as a problematic group with a greater risk of entering the criminal justice system , particularly as violent offenders . 
  however , they are not only overrepresented as young offenders but also as victims of ( violent ) crimes . 
  particularly because of this fact they deserve our attention and preventive strategies are urgently needed to be enforced . 
  ** the empirical data show that there is no value in just emphasising `` foreigners '' and/or so called `` sp\u00e4taussiedler '' as problematic or even `` dangerous '' groups . 
  one has to differentiate according to the socio-economic and other living conditions that determine the chances of integration into the domestic society . 
  and also the concept of higher crime prevalence rates does not correspond to ethnic minorities in general . 
  some groups of minorities show higher violent crime rates , but concerning property offences the `` native '' germans are more involved in crime . 
  ** theoretical explanations must consider the labelling perspective as well as social structural aspects of young migrants as a disadvantaged and sometimes stigmatised group . 
  furthermore , one has also to differentiate groups according to their specific social and national backgrounds when explaining specific problems of integration so yeah , this does actually show that socio-economic status and other criteria are far more relevant , how suprising / s [ source ] ( http://www.rsf.uni-greifswald.de/fileadmin/mediapool/lehrstuehle/duenkel/germany_youngmig.pdf ), 
  yup , i 'm from western germany and study in the east and it 's often the first thing people say to me , even my parents . 
  usually in a joking manner and i do n't mind it but it feels pretty weird that this is so present . 
  it 's mostly due to people having little experience with eastern germany , some have never really been there . 
  right and people migrate all the time , lot 's of polish people who work and live in germany , what 's different about them ? 
  if you have plenty you should post them , otherwise it 's a pretty empty claim . 
   problem is people will start seeing others get jobs that natives would normally get and that will start the uproar . 
  then that 's fair game , especially since a good chunk of open positions and open apprenticeships are n't filled because `` i do n't want to be a roofer '' is a common sentiment . 
  i think it 's important that we hold up our standards for the ` degrees ' that are obtained through apprenticeships ( so * geselle * and * meister * ) but this can obviously work for people from other countries , it should just be determined if their degree can be compared to a german degree and they could prove this through a test or so , the degrees should definitely not be lost , that 'd be a waste of ressources . 
  there 's a big union ( das handwerk ) who often highlight the many open spots for apprenticeships in the craft and trade field and iirc their president called to give refugees the opportunity to takee these spots , which i think is a great idea . 
  you could argue that the agressive intervention in iraq de-stabilised the region and made is possible . 
  this is of course only one factor . 
   most europeans support it source on that ? 
  i 'd guess that most europeans do n't have a fucking clue what to think or they think in black and white terms . 
   if germany can rebuild after being completely destroyed during the war , these countries have no excuses . 
  right , germany ( and the rest of europe ) did this all by themselves , there was not a * massive * support from the outside , certainly not named after a foreign minister . 
  and you 're wrong about the rest as well : western colonialism and interventions have gotten many of these countries into the state they 're currently in and our protectionism keeps them in this place . 
   otherwise europe as we know it will be destroyed good thing the fear mongering is in full effect ... 
  right , especially since refugees and asylum seekers have a right to vote . 
  i think especially your second point is important , it 's ridiculous that teacher is n't a highly respected job any more , these people have lots of influence and responsibility and everyone who thinks it 's an easy job should spend an hour in a class full of pubescent kids . 
  interesting , thanks for the reply . 
  i hope i can visit slovenia soon , everything i 've seen looks beautiful and it 's actually so close to germany , 
  sorry , i think you 'll understand my confusion when you look at my flair , 
  kind of worded that weird , i do n't mention that when i introduce myself or when we 're talking about our school time since it would n't be relevant , i only mention it when it 's relevant for example in a similar setting at this sub thread . 
  it only feels weird because i do n't realise it myself that i went to a private catholic school , not because i feel `` ashamed or anything . 
  is homeschooling and/or these schools formed by a few parents popular in denmark ? 
  and if so , does it create any kind of problems ( in your opinion ) ? 
  waldorfschools and other schools based on alternative teaching methods are indeed a thing in germany , i think i know 3 or 4 people who attend ( ed ) such schools , someone i met on a train who went for the first 10 years to a waldorfschule and afterwards to a regular gymnasium ( highest school form ) said that he basically received the same education but was behind his peers in math which a small holdback for him . 
  ah that 's pretty straighforward , thanks for taking the time to explain it !, 
  wow , thanks for the thurough reply , i appretiate that !, 
  the finnish education systems sounds/is pretty great , it 's interesting to see the different approaches , and i like finnlands approach the best i think , you basically can create a private school but not profit from it , which is a stance that more countries should follow , it 's the best compromise between the freedom to teach * as * you want ( not what you want as i undertand , so no creationist biology class etc. ), 
  and the freedom for everyone to get a good education for free .
