  it very much can do exactly that . 
   however an irresponsible politician 's open invitation for potentially tens of millions of refugees with different cultural background to her country ... now that will definitely increase it . 
  which did n't happen that way . 
   i suggest the eu pays for the building of a strong physical schengen border . 
  yeah right , walls work so well for the us , noone entering there illegally . 
   we know nazis are bad , ok ? 
  can we move on and talk about the actual issue ? 
  no we do not know and that 's the problem , teh far right and their ideas are in an uprise in europe , you can see this in / r/europe alone . 
  people actually do call for refugees to be gasses or what have you , if you think they 're joking you may be right some times but some of them are * definitely serious * . 
  and that 's why joking about this is not okay !, 
  yeah right , mixing a tense situation with some nationalism has always worked out for europe ... 
  how is that relevant when i 'm just telling you to stop making concentration camp jokes in a situation where people actually suggest these things ? 
  just cut it out . 
   syria 20.960.588 people and not all of them will get to belgium , you do realise that much and also not to the eu as a whole , right ? ... 
   sadly , it seems most other countries are content to not give a fuck . 
  and poland is one of them . . 
  til only poor people are allowed to flee from a war, 
  fuck off , this is not funny in this context !, 
  well we have to distinguish here . 
  i do n't view turkey as a safe country to stay if you consider all factors , i can understand why they move further . 
  and after being treated horribly in the hungarian camps i can understand as well that these people do n't think they 're safe and feel like they have less of a chance for proper asylum , especially since these countries do n't follow clear cut rules but change their policies every day it seems . 
  now the people who arrived in germany and want to go further to sweden ? 
  yeah that 's mostly bullshit imho but for many it 's likely promised land and they 'll try their chances , as would i probably . 
  but these are n't the masses , it 's a very small minority . 
  ( i 'll go to bed now but i 'll continue tomorrow if you want to ), 
   whether we should turn a blind eye to their being flouted . 
  not what i 'm arguin for , again . 
  just more compassion and less `` these people stopped being refugees when they entered turkey '' . 
  no , that 's not what i 'm arguing for . 
  i just want everyone to put themselves in the position of refugees . 
  would you stop in turkey or hungary ? 
  this is what i am thinking as well , as if * anyone * in this thread would happily stay in turkey or hungary . 
  you should only expect others to do what you would do yourself . 
  i definitely have to try that next time i 'm in groningen , i do n't think i 've ever eaten indonesian food . 
   and there are many indonesians in the netherlands because indonesia was a dutch colony ah , did n't know that , this makes sense then . 
  i know some things about indonesia because i represented it in a model un two years ago and i was actually amazed how many people live there , how large it is and that it 's the country with the most muslims worldwide , incredible country !, 
   by their new inhabitans who are not grateful for the help they are receiving . 
  makes it seem like you 're adressing all inhavitants though , could 've worded that clearer there . 
  hm but does the netherlands have more indonesian people compared to germany ? 
  yeah vla is just not a thing here in germany , niche products are always more expensive . 
  another advantage that you guys have is food being grown directly in the netherland and rotterdam ( talkinging about the harbour ) although germany has a similiar thing with frankfurt , where much food is redistributed across europe . 
  what drives down prices in germany as well is germans being greedy fucks when it comes to food , which is a bad attitudde imho since it also drives down the quality and production/living conditions of the products/animals . 
  well , you 're still a refugee in general , i agree that germany is a safe place to stay ( and again , the overwhelming majority does so ) but i can understand why people do n't want to stay in hungary and turkey fo a variety of reasons actually . 
  i do n't think that comparing the raw numbers makes much sense , emmigration/immigration is n't based on a rational judgement , where can i get the best live , it 's tied to so much and much of it are not rational things but rather thoughts like `` i want to live the american dream '' , `` i want to start over '' . 
  and another reason is probably also that it 's much easier to get us citizenship and build a live from scratch in the us then it is in many eu countries alongside with emmigrating from the us to another country is probably not a big thing , people would probably much rather move to another state and start over there . 
   most of the places were ok before they were destroyed by their new inhabitans who are not grateful for the help they are receiving . 
  this is a drastic simplification , most refugees are very grateful . 
  yeah it was really weird , coconut milk was very cheap , iirc 0,99 $ at albert heijn ( which is n't the cheapest store you can find obviously ) while it 's usually 1,70 $ or something like that here in germany . 
  the basic stuff ( pasta , rice , milk etc. ), 
  is pretty much the same , vla is * much * more expensive in germany ( if you can find it at all ) 1,49 $ for 300ml , i think any dutch person would lose their mind over this haha , 
  well airports are extra expensive so that is definitely not representative for the whole of norway but still what the fuck . 
  it 's probably also shitty pizza , airport food is the worst . 
  was n't my comment , i just tried to give more insight . 
  i 'm not pointing a finger at anyone , it 's just difficult since most problems stem from the small capacity of the rooms , germany just was n't equipped properly . 
  i 'm not denying that , i just think that they would n't make the top 5 for most people but we can only speculate about that . 
   refugee shelters are n't any better in sweden . 
  well i guess not every refugee knows that , i guess the `` sweden is a safe place , we need to get there '' believe is very strong with some , these things often trump rationality . 
  and let 's also not forget that the people who arrive safely in germany and want to go further to sweden are in a clear minority , most refugees stay here . 
  i think i 'd have the netherlands , sweden , norway in my top 5 and maybe also canada ( at least in my top 7 ) but i could imagine living in a lot of places in the right circumstances . 
  sure , that 's why i did n't say that they 'd be at the end of the list , i just guess that people would rather live in the current top 5 than in the us . 
  important distinction , a german would never screw with data !, 
  thanks for the correction , 
  fair point , but given that you could vote for multiple answers i 'd guess that most germans did also vote for germany , if there were only one option you 'd be more right ( sorry , i ca n't english right now ) . 
   but food is usually cheaper . 
  i was kind of suprised by this actually , my gf studies in groningen and while she pays 1,5 x of what i pay ( the city i live in is rather cheap tbf ) the food prices in the super markets were roughly equal , sometimes cheaper and sometimes a little bit more expensive , that 's definitely true . 
  and dutch aldi  german aldi , kind of jealous about that haha . 
  i was n't claming that , i personally have no clue about this , just trying to give an explanation of what they could 've meant with `` less culture '' because anything else makes little sense . 
  exactly and moderating a subreddit where you ca n't impose very strict rules ( for example / r/aksscience , / r/askhistorians etc. ), 
  only makes this worse . 
  no , it 's just that a default status never results in better quality . 
  not what i was saying but in a monarchy that 's institutionalized , that 's the difference . 
  when has war ever been the answer recently ? 
  i think that this would be a good idea alongside with asking reddit to change the geodefault status of r/europe . 
  i seriously doubt that the us would be in the top 7 , maybe even the top ten . 
  canada would probably be in the top 5 or 7 , the us ? 
  probably not so much . 
  i think they 're talking about culture events like festivals etc. . maybe i 'm wrong though , but it 's difficult to measure culture so events makes more sense to me . 
  there are a lot of germans in here who ~ ~ screw ~ ~ skew the numbers , although germany does have some advantages over the netherlands and norway , cost of living for example . 
  i 'd still like to live in either of these countries though , they are and seem pretty great . 
  edit : typo, 
  no thanks , nobody needs people that are supposed to be better then the rest . 
  the situation in many refugee shelters is indeed rather shitty . 
  yeah i meant to delete that , was in the wrong thread . 
  ~ ~ ... you know that this agreement is about syrians , right ? ~ ~, 
  i agree with what your saying , the world is n't black and white after all . 
  thanks for the source , i really thought you were making this up . 
   it is obvious , but then my point would be , what can the eu governing bodies do against it ? 
  i 'm not sure what the best idea would be , there are many ways to identify someone , fingerprints just happen to be the easiest way . 
  i think this just shows yet another time that a solution is not `` how do we keep these people from burning their fingerprints ? '', 
  but rather `` how do we establish a safe system for these people to get here and how do we establish a fair system of distributing them across the continent ? 
  i would n't support / u/usernume 's comment , but yours is just moronic , i do n't have to support farmer in everything they do just because i like to eat what they produce . 
  if someone uunnecessarily endangers other peoples lifes then i do n't support him , as easy as that . 
   and you can be pretty damn sure that my grandparents would not mind me not willing to help germany . 
  good to see we 've come this far ... ironically the right wing movement is far bigger in poland nowadays than it is in germany . 
   they are already safe in countries like turkey . 
  and turkey should be left alone with this burden ? 
   i would have no problem with them if they shared our cultural values , and work normally , like others . 
  what makes you assume that they do n't do that ? 
  that 's your speculation . 
  care to share such an article ?
