  would parents really loose their custody ? 
  i think the police would show up when it becomes a regular thing , have n't heard of custody loss , though . 
  i was pretty young and we only visited for one day but i instantaniously fell in love with this city . 
  i got many capitals left on my list but luxembourg was easily one of my favouirtes !, 
  aparenntly i live in west germany after all . 
  is it [ this ? 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/a/3ooh4#0 ) sorry , my photographic skills were n't that good back in 2005 :p, 
  not sure what you exactly mean but to vote in any election in germany you 'll have to be a german citizen with a resedency time of 3 month . 
  am i mistaking you ? 
  does n't sound familiar . 
  luxembourgerish is closely related to plattdeutsch , is n't it ? 
  that would also be the closest dialect to this poster . 
  and when i looked into the luxembourgerish version of * the diary of anne frank * i could understand quite a bit and it read like what my granddad speaks like . 
  in passports . 
  does n't mean that this applies everywhere , like the headline is implying . 
  that is definitely true , sorry if i did n't adressed this in my reply . 
  probably the better way to measure these things , at least for corruption that is kind of public ( bribing a police officer because of a speeding ticket or something like that ) . 
  i read once that germany is infact the least corrupt country in the eu and i honestly have no trouble believing that . 
  it definitely could be the netherlands , the uk or austria too , but ( at least in my definitely biased view ) i see germany definitely as not corrupt . 
  so sad that the only people who loose in this are the small workers , like always . 
  really good comment right here . 
  ( sounds quite sarcastic but i assure you that i 'm being serious ) the numbers are forced to be so low , many people work on 450 $ jobs , that 's basically nothing ( at least what you could live off ) . 
  definitely better than being unemployed but if people still get state aid it 's basically unemployment , at least it should be counted as this in this chart . 
  well , duh . 
  obviously 700.000  3.000.000.000 . 
  if you ca n't see that you 're just corrupted by your vision . 
  not sure if you 're serious but here are three sources against that : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_sovereign_states_in_europe_by_corruption_perceptions_index http://euobserver.com/justice/120064 http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/interactive/2011/dec/01/world-corruption-index-transparency-international-map, 
  i just started to learn it but i really enjoy it , it seems simple and i guess it will definitely be simpler than german and it will be an advantage if you already know a bit of german . 
  go for it . 
  i had to choose between french and latin ans since my sister struggled with french i went for latin . 
  i do n't regret it , my teacher told us many things about roman history and it was definitely the easier option ( for me ) but i 'd love to speak another language besides german and english . 
  i 'm trying this with swedish now , i defintely enjoy it , 
  switch * i * and * e * or it 's * shooting * . 
  depends on your bowel movement of course , maybe * schiessen * is correct . 
  where am i supposed to apply my latin skills ? 
   - `` german ''  - english , best student  - latin , worst student who passed the latin degree  - spanish , better than latin ftfy , bavarian friend :p, 
  i really do n't know why but this is the most hilarious video i watched since weeks . 
  i do n't even bother that what to do with my 1000 l of milk . 
  can we be your canada that 'll eventually get annexed so we can finally have a liveable life ? 
  it would be the final utopia ... 
   there are relatively inexpensive state universities i chatted with another american about this recently and what he told me was still * fucking * expensive in my eyes . 
  even at public schools you 'll pay 15x of what i pay here . 
  and as i stated , it really would n't be possible for me to study at american priced colleges . 
  and i probably would n't want to pay so much money just because i want to educate myself , why should i be punished for this , i really feel the government does n't care about this while it subsidises wars . 
  i kind of like the idea ( hope i get that right ) that you can look into many things and then eventually decided to major in one . 
  here you choose what you want to study first , then apply at places that offer it and then you 'll be accepted for it . 
  how does the vocational training in the us work ? 
  i wonder this about most countries because it seems that it differs . 
  do you have regulated vocationals trainings for let 's say an tax accountant or retail salesman ? 
  will they also go to school and have that alongside their practical training ? 
  i 'm not a big fan of gesamtschulen , i guess . 
  although the three-tier system does n't work any more , an hauptschul degree will get you pretty much nowhere , even jobs that require few skills will want an realsch\u00fcler or even an gymnasiast - because they sadly * can * do that , so why not go for it . 
   americans love their leisure time . 
  in germany , people tend to prioritize working very hard toward their goals . 
  i 'd say that depends , i liked school most of the time but i was not a busy student , i got by without doing too much . 
  i think the pressure rose recently due to the switch form g9 to g8 ( from 13 years to reach an a-level to 12-years ) . 
  i 'm originally from hessen where they changed the years but did n't reduce the things to learn so you can figure how that ended , children will need to stay in scholl until 3pm even in 6th grade . 
  other than that i would n't say it 's to much pressure , maybe the parents pressure them to get good grades , but that would be a problem of education , especially because it wo n't work very well , people will become robots instead of actually learning valuable stuff . 
  but then again the people who did an exchange to the us said that it was a joke and they came back not as smart as they left , but that might be an issue of the exchange programm . 
  a friend had * photography * as an subject . 
  i like this and i think it can be cool and interesting to learn it but you can also do that in your free time . 
   in germany , people tend to prioritize working very hard toward their goals . 
  i often heard this about the us , i.e. 
  the american dream . 
  i 'd say germans work efficient rather than much or hard , i think we work very low hours compared to others in europe . 
   then the number of qualified people applying for the same job rises , and consequently the wages for that job drop . 
  we 'll may follow the you socialists [  ] and introduce a real minimum wage . 
  although i 'm unsure what that will cause , logically prices will rise since people will have more money . 
  what do you mean by class system ? 
  do you mean that higher skilled people will usually get the higher skilled pays/positions ? 
  if so , is this really different in the us ? 
  usually i am under the assumption that class and where you come from matters * more * in the us than in germany . 
  surely there is the american dream of making it to the top but how can this be realistic when you make it so hard to get educated ? 
  and are you under the assumption that one has to choose their educational ` path ' and ca n't go in other directions ? 
  because it really is n't this way . 
  my cousin and a good friend went from hauptschule all the way up to studying at universities or applied universities ( fh ) , it 's definitely possible to climb up on the ladder . 
  i 'm not sure about your second paragraph , i 'm not really aware of the situation neither in germany nor in the us . 
  so is n't it like germanys system after all but with a much more expensive education ? 
  because you would n't be foreced to wait 5 years for a place to study medicin , but it 's easier to be accepted if you have many waiting semesters ( you must not be enrolled in any university program until your application though ) in which you could get an vocational education training for exapmle ( usually takes three years ) . 
  the problems with too many graduates in one field is probably a problem in germany too , but it may be regulated by the numerus clausus . 
  i 'm not sure but maybe fields that are not as needed ( i 'd guess psychologists ) are less sponsored then other fields that are needed more . 
  definitely a problem that sadly applied for basically all fields . 
  of course the highly desired programms will be affected by it . 
  psychology and medicine may be the hardest to get into , some people will be rejected with an gpa of 1,4 , which is a very good one . 
  if you have one of 2,0 , which is a pretty decent gpa , it 's practically not realistic that you will be able to study psychology on a public uni in germany . 
  i dislike this system , because a good gpa is n't the best indicator ( not only because they are not very compareable , due to 16 different education systems , one for each state ) but also because it 's not always the best students who are the perfect match ; consider that all the 1,0 people - who according to my experience are n't the ones with the best social skills - will have the best shot at being accepted for a degree like social work . 
  what will happen if 10.000 people apply for medicine at harvard ? 
  will there be 10.000 people in one auditorium ? 
  i definitely prefer the german system , if you want to you could still get an education at a private uni which will probably accept you as soon as you sent them the first check , but not many people do this ( among my friends probably 90-95 % study at public unis ) . 
  it would be beyond question wheter i would be able to study in the us or not , due to money . 
  and it is beyond question in germany too , at least money-wise . 
  and now i study eactly what i want , although i was stuck with a different minor for one year , which is not too big of an issue for me . 
  all students pay the same at my uni - 170 $ for each semester . 
  no wonder we have so many foreign students , 
  ah did n't see the 4 times faster claim , that 's not really true , yes . 
  i thought they meant that the speed is faster than usual hdds , which would be true . 
  which is automatically at least twice of what finnland has . 
  1gbps would be 125mb/s . 
  that 's faster than 100mb/s just to make that clear . 
  at this level only ssds can offer such a speed .
