  i agree , a question about this should always be voted on by the people not by  20 people behind closed doors . 
  it 's a huge step and the people are the sovereign . 
  looking at car accidents/deaths per inhabitans makes little sense , look at the netherlands for example , a country where people will much more often choose a bike ( i wish we did that too ) and it 's right next to germany , a country know for its driving/auto culture , these are huge differences . 
  this might be more useful information : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_traffic-related_death_rate and it shows that the netherlands and germany have equal rates . 
  i definitely feel like i have a better education than most us americans . 
  a friend of mine was asked if germany had electricity , cars and ` the internet ' . 
  it was in alabama , but still . 
  schr\u00f6ders opposition to invading iraq makes totally sense now , the bundeswehr is not supposed to be used intra country . 
  it 's actually a way nicer way to present these things imho , since it 's accounts all medals and does n't focus on the gold medals . 
  but the deeloping relationship between germany and israel is clearly effected by ww ii/the holocaust , so i 'd say it may not be a current issue but 's an issue of the past with effects in the present . 
  yup , i agree . 
  it 's a good mix though in the current state , you can both have some discussion and some leightweight fun on here , that 's pretty cool and sadly rather rare on reddit . 
  i can not understand how this could happen by accident . 
  germany is not a newly founded nation in the south pacific . 
  but it 's proably not the official ` welcoming flag ' ( i 'm not sure how this is called ) so it 's kind of funny i suppose . 
  see here : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1yiyoo/for_the_first_time_in_history_people_die_under/cfkyvr5, 
  and while ukraine is n't a member of the eu they 're a member of the council of europe , same as norway . 
  just to add this to your summary . 
  mc giraffe with extra lettucce and no pickles , those are disgusting !, 
  well neither of this is saying much , i can downvote a person 3 times in a thread when they are spamming , same could go the other way around . 
  ( just to be clear , that downvote is n't from me ), 
  i was n't saying that op does this . 
  i just do n't see the point of using a newspaper that defnitely could have a bias on this ( we 're talking about religion slaughter , israel is definitely not a country where religion is not important ) . 
  so why not use another source ? 
  well this is kind of the criticism here , is n't it ? 
  the title does n't seem to fit the content . 
  i have him at -3 , guessed they were a spammer . 
  and tagging it as `` misleading '' is n't censorship . 
  i agree . 
  meet you in 10 minutes at mcdonalds to discuss our options to ralley against this . 
  an american posting israeli propaganda news in / r/europe . 
  we really do n't need this here , maybe one of the mods should tag this . 
  til there is only one person in germanys parliament ... 
  wow , me too . 
  toronto , ontario born , raised , buried , exhumed , revived . 
  look it up , it 's a legit city and thus proves that i 'm from there . 
  great map , might want to change bavaria to a lighter color though . 
  yeah , i had to go for the even more ( well slightly ) expensive one . 
  but then again , it 'll enable me to do amazing things , 
  35 $ for 6 years , pretty spendy : /, 
  same here , i flew there and they did n't even want to see it . 
  must 've been my bratwurst perfume that identified me as a kraut . 
  and of course we have the most boring one : /, 
  agreed , / r/worldnews is a silly place to say it nice . 
  this is just so awesome . 
  i can drive for hours and visit so many countries without needing a passport . 
  a city trip to amsterdam , eating waffles in brussels , skiing in switz ... well , i used too be able to do that . 
  i just got mine this week and it says it 's valid until 16.01 . 
  you are right and it 's still concerning , i think you agree . 
  well it is very good comprehension . 
  only c2 is better and after that there 's only being a native speaker . 
  i 'd also say that what you described is b2 not c1 . 
  it 's weird with these classifications , i recently did a test to decided which cambridge exam to aim for and i scored a 24/25 which would mean that i should go for the proficiency exam ( c2 ) . 
  i was quite puzzled , i 'd say that i 'm on c1 level when it comes to listening and reading skills but definitely not in writing and talking . 
  if you want to you can check it out ( takes 5 minutes ) , i found it to be really easy : http://www.cambridgeenglish.org/test-your-english/, 
  i think the way it 's in scotland is the norm in europe . 
  must sound especially ridiculous to someone from the netherlands , eh ? 
  what the fuck did you just say about me you little bitch ? 
  well they 're still a social group that often gets portrayed worse than they actually are . 
  it 's not only the daily mail though . 
  entman and rojecki show that the crime rate of immigrants is actually portrayed much worse than it actually is : http://press.uchicago.edu/ucp/books/book/chicago/b/bo4488399.html http://press.uchicago.edu/misc/chicago/210758.html, 
  no standard , just a guess . 
  i do n't know what canada produces besides maple sirup . 
  i 'm definitely undereducated in this matter . 
  especially silly because both sports can hardly be compared so why should there be a rivaly ? 
  football can be great to watch , as can be football ( two different kinds of football :p ), 
  that 's why i said attractive instead of * omg roflz i 'd totally hit that , what a sexy beast * i dislike those comments too and am sadly not ver informed about albanian politics , are you though ? 
  thanks for answering , i did n't knew that but i was rather thinking of ` moral ' values , probably the reason i was confused . 
  you 're just a bad troll . 
  pretty high standards mister fat cat . 
  how do you know this photo was taken in sunlight ? 
  checkmate , jacob lover ... 
  albanian woman are really attractive . 
  i only know two though :p, 
  the netherlands is conservative ? 
  in which way ? 
  it 's your hand that is clicking these links but it 's not your brain that makes the decision . 
  i 'm quite certain that she 'll make this her last term , she is a person that would like to end it at her peak and this is surely right now . 
  she will not risk to deal with unforseeable situations and the goal of her current term is ` to make history ' with europe . 
   and preventing the access of cp does n't prevent any child abuse ? 
  if you could prevent it , assuming a method that would allow it to block the acces to cp completely , 100 % , this may actually prevent some of the child abuses . 
  the problem is that it 's ridiculously easy to prevent this and much cp is shared where it ca n't be blocked , be it the dark web , via e-mail or simply by exchanging usb sticks . 
  are you sure were talking about the same person ? 
  doens ' t romania also have the largest area of intact nature in europe ? 
  really amazing , make sure to keep it this way !, 
  and make sure to crosspost to / r/travel, 
  yup , mussolini was a great guy , that 's why thousands spit and trampled on his head after he was * hung * ... 
  [ i think this one is a protected brand . 
  ] ( http://www.teleprompter.rs/uploads/2/1/1/8/21189940/1965899_orig.jpg ), 
  it most certainly is and i definitely rolled my eyes over this . 
  i do n't think anybody bought it , same with his appeal to understand that september 11th made the us take this turn . 
  a guy in a higher semester replied to him and said that he acknowledges what a deep cut this event has been for the us but that it 's not an excuse for mass surveillance of innocent people . 
   i 'm actually going to school for law in the us . 
  ah that explains a lot , when i read school i was thinking of a 14-18 year and was amazed how engaged that kid is in all of this , i did n't even watch the news at that age . 
  we usually do n't use this term here as a synonym for uni :p definitely another interesting topic , especially here . 
  many call for a stricter regulation and a tax on finance transactions , short selling is already illegal . 
  the spying scandal ( i.e. 
  not only the nsa spying activities ) is a hot topic here , no day goes by without it being mentioned in the news but there 's not really any action to stop it , sadly . 
  merkel seemed pleased after obama promised to not spy on state figures . 
  i hope ed snowden ( or rather glenn and laura ) has something in his back pocket that 'll be the tripping stone for people to realise how dangerous this is .
