  thanks for that thorough reply , i really appretiate it !, 
  if i 'd be joking i would say that catalonia seems to have many similarities to bavaria , but i 'll rather reply seriously . 
   for us , a catalan is mostly someone who speaks catalan ( does n't matter they way they learnt it ) and wants to be a catalan . 
  so , language is a key for our identity . 
  the concept of common identity is incredibly interesting to me , some countries like switzerland with three different languages and different ethnicities identify through their common history , in the us it 's symbols and institutions like the common flag or their constitution . 
  identifying through a common spoken language is really logical though , but would you consider me a catalan if i spoke the language ? 
  ( i wo n't be mad if you say no although i could be mistaken for someone from the area from my looks :p ) i also like the . cat tld which is supposed to promote the catalan language , although the only site i know that uses it is https://crypto.cat and that one has a catalan version of the site , so yay . 
   only democratically elected president of a country or region killed during ww2 . 
  that 's really sad to hear , did n't know this . 
  i 'll take a look into the arguments of the ` other side ' and the general discussion although you provided a pretty good overview with compelling points , thanks again for this !, 
  thanks for the reply , can you explain why the catalonian people want to be independent from spain or ( in case you 're pro independece ) why you 're pro independence ? 
  a democratical referendum is definitely something i would support , so that 's some support from a german . 
  i do n't think so . 
  i 'm afraid i 'm not too informed about the independence movement of catalonia , but let me just tell you that i generally support these movements if they have a clear support of the people . 
  do you mind to summarize your view on what this movement is about ? 
  i 'd like to see your insight on this !, 
  you can not not communicate though , silence is a message and would be interpreted as her being pro-independence . 
  exactly , we had the olympics in china and nobody did mind . 
  i do n't agree , spying of supposed ` befriended ' nations is bad but your own government has much more ways to use that data to actually effect your life . 
  i 'd just go for a `` what about noone spies on me , how ` bout that ? 
  '' - approach . 
  i do n't even get why we would cia agents into our country , what business do they have here ? 
   germany can do a lot more with what it has the point is that we do n't want this . 
  military here is not seen as it is seen in the us , people are very critical of it to put it mildly . 
  we recently got rid of the compulsory military service which is a step in the right direction as we do not need such a large military but rather a well trained one made of experts and some day in the distinct future it might be what it 's actually supposed to be , a defence army . 
  i do n't agree with his opinion , i do n't see the us as a threat to the eu . 
  but i do see the us as a threat to world piece , there are many nationalistic elements in the us , they do n't fade . 
  and then there is this imperialistic mindset that somehow makes it okay for the us to get involved in any country of their choosing , some of this involvemet can be called and agressive attack , iraq for example . 
  and people seem to be okay with your three letter agencies behaving like they please in foreign countries , be it spying , overthrowing dictators or other dispicable actions that threaten the world peace . 
  i really do understand the uprise of anti-americanism in europe right now . 
  but why are they okay , what do we need them for ? 
  are they though ? 
  i heard that kaiserslautern has much trouble with drunken soldiers in the streets who do n't give a fuck about german laws . 
  i 'm against it , i do n't want drones to deploy from there that will kill innocent people in pakistan or wherever . 
  and i do n't want us-american planes to land there with people on board that may be on a nice connecting flight to guantanamo bay . 
  and i 'd say that they actually violate our basic law ( maybe not in a legal way but surely in a moral one )  art . 
  26 gg :   acts tending to and undertaken with intent to disturb the peaceful relations between nations , especially to prepare for a war of aggression , shall be unconstitutional . 
  they shall be made a criminal offence . 
  the german basic law says that no war shall emanate from german soil . 
  others do it too so that makes it okay ? 
  what a sound logic . 
  germany is also spying , should we kick ourselves out ? 
  with france i have at least hopes that we can convince them to adapt better policies , the us seems to be a hopeless case , they 've decided to go this route of fear and paranoia , and they can do that . 
  but not here . 
  feel free to colaborate with the brits , i do n't want drones to start from german soil , which is actually against our basic law . 
  not really accurate , there are different approaches to foreign policy , germany for example has certain values that prevents them from acting only in their own interest in some instances . 
   this is exactly the kind of behavior that encourages breaking international law , btw . 
  as if the us ever cared for international law or anything like that , they only act upon their interests and give a shit about the rest . 
  that 's exactly the point , we do n't need a big army as there is not reall a threat and even if there would be one most european countries are nato members . 
  i 'd love for the us troops to leave , we 're a sovereign nation now and that means that we have to care for ourseves , the best way to do this is in cooperation with * european * nations , which we 're much closer too and who treat us much better than the usa does . 
  the most fucked up thing is that we loose tax payer money on us projects that are spying on us , there are many nsa sites in germany that are also used for spying on german citizens , it 's time they get out . 
  again : what 's the correct chain of events ? 
  well it seems to me that there is a general understanding that it stems from someone in berlin , the invention being that someone put kebab in a bread . 
  mind to share the correct version then ? 
  i think you did n't explain it well enough and/or got some sketchy stuff ( race and your black people analogy for example ) mixed in there . 
  i do n't think that anybody wants the whole world to become exactly alike , at least i do n't want that . 
  but culture is an evolving process , if we would just settle for the way things are at one certain point we 'd get stuck . 
  and that means not only getting stuck with good things but also with bad things or ideas , like being ruled by one person etc. 
  that 's why i welcome change , although i can also understand how your opposed to radical change . 
  there was no mcdonalds outside the us until the 1970s iirc and now you can see how they dominate the food market in a certain degree . 
  and yet there are also restaurants which work against this trend , a new burger restaurant recently opened in the city i live in which only uses organic meat and real bread . 
  i did n't downvote you , i never downvote anyone based on opinion , although i do n't think that we differ that much , you just expressed it poorly i guess . 
  i think you can hardly compare these and the problem in the image you linked could be prevented by other measures ( such as setting a radius around certain sights that must remain untouched ) instead of just shouting `` do n't let the foreigners in !, 
   when i was in big german cities , every fast food place was selling `` doners '' and the like well d\u00f6ner is a german-turkish invention , ad honestly an amazing example of why change is n't bad . 
  germans wanted their food for takeaway , kadir nurman took a great thing of his own culture ( kebab ) and provided a handy way to eat it . 
  you can still get bratwurst and whatnot , d\u00f6ner is just popular because it 's a really great thing . 
   i dont mean to come off as a bigot but really add 1000 black people to a country with 1000 white people and over a few generations you will end up with all dark brown people . 
  genetics could ruin a culture how does a culture get * ruined * by that ? 
  it surely changes and develops but i ca n't see how this would mean it 'll be ruined . 
  well that 's the idea of the schengen area , some parties are sadly opposed to this . 
  i think it 's rather us who should be hoping for luck , we played absolute shite against algeria . 
  both teams played really fair and that 's the thing i amdire the most about the us-team , they usually play highly fair , many teams should follow the rules more closely . 
  costa rica , nicaragua and belize are pretty good from a safety standpoint , it 's honduras , guatemala and el salvador that you 'd want to be careful about , but both depends on where you 'll travel ( for example tikal in guatemala is probably safer than blue fields in nicaragua , tikal is as touristy as it gets so you only have to watch out for pickpocketing and blue fields has a lot of drug smuggeling going on ) . 
  i 've only been to nicaragua thus far but my girlfriend has been in every of these countries ( though only briefly in el salvador and honduras ) and if you 're using your brain you can be safe in most situations ; i highly reccomend traveling there !, 
  i predict that it will catch on and that 2014 will also have the final breakthrough for linux . 
  and you do n't need to travel the world to understand that vengeance is n't going to accomplish anything . 
  he is portraying it as if there are only two options : a vengeance system like in the us or one that is far too mild to criminals and does n't even punish them . 
  the seconds suggestion is n't really the case in most european countries , you definitely have some that punish people and some that try to rehabilitate them , it 's just his crooked view that makes him say that it 's not enough punishment ` here ' . 
  i get that and yet i was n't wrong , the death penalty exists on the federal level and iirc it could be applied in all states for something like treason . 
  certainly not semantics for me , i see the us system as one that mainly focus to get revenge instead of actually doing something that 'd make a repeated offence more unlikely . 
  it 's a broken system . 
  that 's not what i was suggesting , i was merely saying that the idea of vengeance is important in the american justice system , why else would you still enforce the death penalty . 
  you 're demanding that a person suffers and gets raped because of their crimes , this is vengeance . 
  the american ideas of what a prison ( system ) should look like are much different than most european ideas , i see you have adopted the american ideas . 
   however , they 'll fix your problems if you got any . 
  that sounds like they employ a gang of guys who break peoples legs or send them to sleep with the fishes . 
   i never knew that justice had such a soft touch in europe . 
  what you 're describing is * vengeance * not justice . 
  this is why you got such a negative reaction . 
  even if you had no flag i 'd be able to identify you as a true ` murican . 
  ... so similar to what hitler had planned for nuremberg ? 
  ^ just ^ kidding, 
  this time it 'll be different , we promise . 
  well what do you expect other than 90 % for `` the us did all the work '' ? 
  i was n't really arguing for that , but in an emergency you and everyone else should defintely be able to get by in english . 
  i want to say that i hope that time will change that but i 'm not too optimistic , it often seems to me that people are afraid to use a language that they are n't proficient in . 
  so definitely keep that german learning up and do n't be shy to use it !, 
  jesse in breaking bad is worse . . 
  of course this is not an issue in a city of 3,4 million . . 
  better than nothing , eh ?
