  man i have to keep a better of things like that . 
  he 's best buds with * who is most invested in nato *, 
   there are n't many birds to shoot . 
  seems like a correlation there . 
  would you ( and you , / u/obraka ) consider coming back as mods ? 
  with here i meant this very comment , you definitely find americans claiming they 're irish/scottish/german / cherokee . 
  i remember a post in / r/scotland when they held the referendum , that guy was definitely serious and incredible insensitive . 
  it 's often the other way around because it 's more often the other-other way around , 
  do yourself a favour and install something like [ proxmate ] ( http://proxmate.dave.cx ) or [ proxtube ] ( https://proxtube.com ) and just be done with it . 
  real budweiser is very much drinkable , yes . 
  not sure if you 're making a joke or you 're being honest here , i 've seen too many people on this site who really say that they are that . 
  time to join forces and plot our revenge !, 
  any modifications other than a cross in the marked fields will make the ballot void . 
  this should be the case for this election at least , which is the general election ( bundestagswahl ) . 
  i 'm not sure right now if there 's a general rule to it , but it 's possible in some elections . 
  an example from bavaria : http://www.blz.bayern.de/blz/landtagswahl_2013/flyer_kommunalwahl_barrierefrei.pdf http://www.br.de/wahl/kommunalwahl-bayern-wahlrecht102.html seems like the different terms for this are ` freie liste ' ( where you can strike out a candidates name and replace it and ` starre liste ' ( where you ccan only cast one vote and not change anything ) . 
  pretty similar to the [ german one ] ( http://kochsiek.org/blog/wp-content/uploads/2009/09/bundestagswahl_2009_stimmzettel_web.jpg ) . 
  i guess you 're talking about something like liquid feedback ? 
  this was actually a few month before i was born , i still have my brothers john cena shirt . 
  yeah maybe i was n't clear as well , i am in favour of many things to make our democracy more accesible and direct , especially on the local level . 
  just today i though about how benefiting it 'd be if 16 year olds were allowed to vote in all the local elections to introduce them to voting and give them a chance to decide what 's going on in their city ( local politics are much more straight forward and you can grasp them better ) . 
  that 's possible in some l\u00e4nder but not in all . 
   the n really does n't apply to bounties ( educated dark people ) . 
  most people use it talk about poorly educated people . 
  well i ca n't claim to be an expert on this but with most of what i 've seen it 's just uses as a racist term to refer to black people , nothing more nothing less . 
   but i have a problem how idiotic and unjust the current system is . 
  i agree , both the ` gez ' and baf\u00f6g could use a reform !, 
   if we talk about tv license fees , a better one imo is the finland system , they have a 3 tier system depending on the income . 
  sounds promising , i 'll have to look into that later . 
   my favorite being : every member can access every program they broadcasted since the 1950s . 
  i know it 's a law in germany which prohibits this wow i did n't know this . 
  yeah you should be able to access all content , no point really to prevent that ( laws would need to change though ) , imagine a actually good mediathek with every program ever . 
  that would certainly make more people be in favor of the license , but it 's also a threat to the broadcasting . 
  after all ard , zdf und co. have to compete over qouta ( keine ahnung ob das einschaltqouten bedeutet , das mein ich zumindest ) which is kind of stupid but that 's the reality and this is what makes them produce formats that will be watched ( i.e. 
  kochshows , zoodokus , rentnerfernsehen eben ) rather than anything else . 
  no , that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  if anything i 'm saying that people should be more educated , this is not the same though . 
  i 'd rather not have a heated discussion though , so let 's remain calm here , we probably do n't think too different about this . 
   do n't you think it 's a little hypocritical to praise a system of which you decided to opt out ? 
  no to be honest and i did n't really opt-out , i do n't have to pay it because i am a student and do n't have a lot of money . 
  and i said that i 'm in a conflict , i think the license could be lower and many things could work more efficiently , noone needs 253 zoo-dokus per year . 
  honestly though , the organisation of the \u00d6ffis is overblown , cut the high salaries for the top people and you 'll be able to ask for less money . 
   there 's plenty of public debate over a wide variety of topics in germany . 
   i think some kind of direct democracy would strengthen our sense for democracy as a system of government i 'm not disagreeing with some form of direct democracy , this could work on the local level and with specific topics for example . 
  but not with most topics , certainly not all . 
  well the original post was just as a wild speculation as well . 
  did n't say it was one thing only . 
  more issues to look at ( switzerland is n't a major player , is neutral so much fewer foreign policy topics ) and it 's easier to get a nationwide debate going and to keep track of it . 
  8 million vs. 80 million ideas , you get the idea . 
  op comes of as a prick though and it kind of sucks that he simplified the issues like that with his heavy bias . 
  not a reason to downvote though , i agree . 
  depends on the country i 'd say , i do n't think a direct democracy would work in a larger country . 
  thanks for the reply !, 
  glarus is really interesting , it 's the closest to a fully direct democracy that exists today . 
  sure , i do n't disagree , but you visit hamburg and you visit stuttgart and you 'll also see differences . 
   the fact the country that does has among the highest gdp/capita and lowest unemployment rate in europe kinda flies in the face of that argument , does n't it ? 
  and you 're basing switzerlands situation on their implementation of direct democracy ? 
  could stem from something else , maybe being a tax haven and having a very strict banking secret , i think that 's far more relevant . 
  hence the elites decide , often the people who are interested but also the ones who hold a not so moderate opinion . 
  that 's not how i see it , die linke is often in favor of pushing for more direct democracy , the parties who do n't want this are the two largest , spd ( center left - well center nowadays ) and especially cdu/csu ( center right/right of center ) . 
  just a pointless and uncalled for insult to east germans , suggests that west germans are somehow more educated which is just idiotic . 
   but the bbc as a system is biased . 
  care to elaborate your view ? 
  honestly though , this would n't work in germany , too many people and too complex , switzerland has fewer people and although this is simplyfied i 'd say the issues in switzerland are easier/fewer than in germany , just cutting out so much foreign policy due to neutrality/not being in the nato etc. 
  leaves more room to concentrate on other issues . 
  would be interesting to have it on the state or local level though , although you can also see how this can get emotionalised . 
   it 's a semi-direct democracy no not really , or what are you referring to ? 
  as is switzerland . 
  what about there is n't a clear cut between west germans and east germans , i would actually argue that germans are n't too different from each other over all but if we look at the differences they exist everywhere and certainly ca n't be divided in just two units . 
  not really though , `` niggers '' is just a racist/hateful term which can mean anyone from obama to a poor slob somewhere , `` white trash '' is closely tied to uneducated lower class people . 
  you would n't call angela merkel/geert wilders/what have you white trash . 
   million kevins from east germany seems like you forgot the assholes from everywhere, 
  i did n't even know people used that term , i thought this was almost exclusive to / r/frugal _ jerk, 
  just run it through switzerland , obviously . 
  i 'm in kind of a conflict , on one hand i think it 's really expensive ( in germany it 's 18 $ / month ) and could be cheaper or more effiently used but on the other hand i would n't want to miss out on some of the gret formats the license produces , especially the news . 
  look at how ( almost ) exclusively privatised news is working out for the us for example . 
  this was how it was like in germany , until recently , now every household is supposed to pay the tv license ( not all do that , i for example , but i 'm an exeptions since i receive student benefits ) . 
  it 's the easier system because when you had to pay only if you had a tv , radio , pc , phone etc. 
  you had to check up if people were lying about not owning one and it was generally more complicated . 
  the gez ( german tv license ) is not very liked but it gives us the closest we can get to an unbiased news source ( inb4 l\u00fcgenpresse ) and alo documentaries and whatnot ( `` ctizenfour '' was also sponsored by this system for example . ), 
  i 'll look at it later but this sounds promising . 
  really ? 
  i see them from time to time , often they will be overpainted though , striked out etc. 
  imagine that wagon having a navigation system which says `` turn left into * starbucks parking lot * '' right when you drive by them . 
  that 's not unique to any specific country though , super edgy teenagers exist around the globe . 
  i do n't think that it 'd work out though , too much difference : /, 
  yet only 8 states that are in the bracket that most european countries are in . 
   i think maybe we have lots of people who are technically overweight , but not obese ? 
  that 's probably it , same with germany . 
  many overweight but not many obese . 
   in a bar/restaurant beer is ~ 129ck while water is ~ 290ck , so go figure . 
  that would actually be illegal in germany although we 're also big on beer . 
  a non-alcoholic drink must be cheaper than the cheapest alcoholic option . 
  i do n't doubt that , it seems to be a remarkable city !, 
   `` obese '' obesity is usually measured by bmi not body fat ratio . 
   by the way i just said `` you can see '' , of course it aint the average man  that 's still misleading , you can also see 2m tall people , does n't mean that there are many of them . 
  well your personal impression is not the same as empirical data . 
  and the picture you posted is n't really the norm , you definitely see it but that 's really not the average . 
  just want to hint that obesity ! = overweight . 
  germany has many overweight people but not many obese people .
