   you probably could have made that argument before russia lost it 's mind , but it 'd be a hard argument to make now . 
  i seriously fail to see how russia * lost its mind * . 
  putin is currently on some power trip but i 'm sure that this will wear off sooner than later . 
  picking up the point of your dropping out of nato proposal , i have to agree with u/humankapital , most people would likely be glad to cut some ties with the us , i 'm concerned of the direction the us has been steering at in the last 15 years . 
  not many people here want to have nukes in germany or like being spied on , and that 's putting it mildly . 
  that 's not what i meant , it was more focussed on the state of beer in the us in general , but i know , microbreweries etc. 
  i hope you do n't take the `` austria is just not ausland to me '' too seriously , it 's just acountry that is very similar to germany . 
  and we do n't really have borders in europe and many things that we share . 
  nationalism in germany is n't reall big as you probably know , i 'm glad about this . 
  it 's often harmful and quite frankly i do n't see a point for it . 
  i got that you were n't being serious but i wanted to give you an answer nevertheless , 
  well i for one consider everything that is today in france as french , same with poland or denmark . 
  the only small exclusion is austria , that does n't * really * feel like a full foreign country since we share so much history and we have the same language ( well mostly :p ) and currency nowadays . 
  a friend of mine is beginning to study in vienna and he says the same , maybe some austrians feel similar . 
  i 'm not interested in * anschluss * but it 's just not * ausland * to me , i do n't know , i hope that does n't offend anyone : / . 
  austria ( and the netherlands ) is just the country i feel closest too and i also really like france . 
  but i naturally respect the sovereignity of all countries and have no interest in claimimg anything that is n't german as such , i think most people here are like that . 
   kronenbourg ah i know that brand and it 's definitely french , since it 's based in strasbourg . 
  i find the plastic cork more off putting , haha . 
  definitely weird but the bottle is empty just as fast , either you share it or you just drink 0,25 l more . 
  and they also produce 0,33 l bottles . 
  citing myself from another comment : i was recently visiting friends in paris and we talked about french beer and i asked if there really is such a thing - honest question , all we saw in paris was heineken and grolsch - and my friend gave me three bottles of beer that was brewed in [ tardinghen ] ( https://www.google.de/maps/place/tardinghen,+frankreich/@50.9665774,2.1806424,6z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x47dc250581dc82b7:0x40af13e8163d350 ) . 
  seriously really good beer , probably one of the best i 've ever had ( at least the wheat beer ) . 
  he sad that they produce about 5l a day and it [ looks really expensive ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gyndgap.jpg ) [ that 's 0,75 l bottles ] . 
  so french beer definitely can be good beer . 
  remember [ alcopops ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alcopop#germany ) and the panic they created ? 
  just because they had 8 % alcohol and tasted sweet . 
  i 'm glad this trend has passed now and we 're back to beer and wine which are totally harmless . 
  i 'd love to get deeper into this but i have the 7pm '10 fun facts about the oktoberfest ' segment is about to air and if i miss that i 'll have to wait a whole 20 minutes for the next one . 
  seriously , this is why i hate this time of the year and probably why i do n't really watch tv . 
  that actually explains a lot . 
  i was recently visiting friends in paris and we talked about french beer and i asked if there really is such a thing - honest question , all we saw in paris was heineken and grolsch - and my friend gave me three bottles of beer that was brewed in [ tardinghen ] ( https://www.google.de/maps/place/tardinghen,+frankreich/@50.9665774,2.1806424,6z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x47dc250581dc82b7:0x40af13e8163d350 ) . 
  seriously really good beer , probably one of the best i 've ever had ( at least the wheat beer ) . 
  he sad that they produce about 5l a day and it [ looks really expensive ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gyndgap.jpg ) [ that 's 0,75 l bottles ] . 
  this is probably why it is so off , it 's probably just the sales and not the actual consumption , hence why finns and swedes drive these numbers up . 
  i think it 's better if you not get into this . 
  i think it just came off as downlooking ( to me even sarcastic , why would internet censorship * never * happen in the us , i view the ` beacon of freedom ' thing as a popular myth and as pointed out , the us already has * much * self censorship . 
  the rest was a joke on my site . 
  i got it wrong then , thanks for clarifying . 
   i just , mean censoring a brewery site and having to input your passport number ? 
  why would you anyways , producing and selling water is not age restricted in the uk either . 
   america does n't care nearly enough about what its citizens do on their own time . 
  the us is surely a liberal paradise / s, 
  it 's kind of different though , the four countries in the uk still have some kind of sovereignty , do n't they ? 
  i mean they have separate football teams , you have to understand that this gets kind of confusing . 
  yeah they do that even when you 're 35 and have n't talked to your mother in 5 years because you ca n't see her lying in her bed ridden with alzheimers and not remembering you . 
  well you get sued by copyright trolls , private lawyer firms . 
  it 's mostly settled without a court though . 
  just do n't use public torrents . 
  or usenet or private trackers . 
   when it 's gone , it 's gone . 
  i imagine you starving after eating at a fancy restaurant on a tuesday . 
  good method though !, 
   also a little annoyed , because my bank charges me $ 4 to make a cash withdrawal abroad . 
  this is annoying and the only use i see for credit cards , hope we 'll soon have a eu initiative that will make this fee illegal . 
  * lol let 's still write an article about it *, 
  i have a different experience , i 'm from a well situated area ( not family , just general area ) and you 'll see everybody at aldi and lidl , from dirt poor to pretty good off . 
  i find that many people that are rich especially mind what they 're spending . 
   but every other business accepts credit cards nowadays . 
  seriously . 
  i know a few store who will only accept cash , not even debit cards . 
  usually smaller , something like bakeries and the like . 
  this is bewildering , the people from the motherland of capitalism do n't seem to understand how it works . 
  a pure proportional system would actuall be the best way to represent minority opinions , take a look at the netherlands or belgium , both have 8 + parties in parliament , at some point belgium even had 13 different parties . 
  or take a look at germany , which has a mixed proportional system with two votes , one majority vote for a candidate and one proportional vote for a party . 
  i 'd argue that the us system is actually one of the worst for representing minority opinions because you have to appeal to the whole country to get votes , thus you have basically the same ideology ( or close to that , there are of course differences between republicans and democrats ) . 
   politicians would have no reason to care what those people think because they simply would n't have the votes to matter . 
  and that 's because the voting system is broken . 
  can we rest this now ? 
  seems utterly pointless to discuss this , the fptp voting system is anachronistic . 
  period . 
   they would be ignored because it is cheaper and more efficient to campaign in metro areas versus spanning several states and still not reaching as many people . 
  they would get the same vote , they just would n't get as many ralleys if they live in very rural areas . 
  that 's the same everywhere and i do n't see much harm in that , most people do n't form their opinions based on ralleys . 
   al gore election proves my point . 
  the minority voice was clearly heard and won the election . 
  so now you 're just advocating that the minority should be able to elect a countrys leader ? 
  ca n't really believe you 're actually doing this right here . 
   their votes held more weight . 
  well they should n't have , bush ii was undemocratically elected . 
   they can have under a million people in the whole state and have the same voice as california . 
  that 's not true , maybe unfair but not un - * democratic * since it does n't refer to elections and the proper representation . 
   they can have under a million people in the whole state and have the same voice as california . 
  they would n't be ignored if they get the same one vote as anyone else . 
   in the usa system their minority voice would have a better chance to be heard . 
  this is a joke , right ? 
  it has to be . 
  even majorities are sometimes not heard , that 's how al gore lost his election although he had over 50 % of the total votes . 
   there was only one tight race in 2000 every presidential election is really tight , reagan and nixon won with close to or slightly above 60 % , everything else is really really tight . 
  face it , the us system is anachronistic , obsolete and undemocratic . 
  the eu parliament voting system is indeed kind of a clusterfuck because it differs much among countries . 
  larger countries do have more seats but smaller countries have more seats per capita . 
  that 's similar to the us , the voting system is n't though because it 's still a proportional vote . 
   they can have under a million people in the whole state and have the same voice as california . 
  which is undemocratic . 
  people from maine have more say in the elections than californians . 
  mind explaning what you mean with that first part ? 
  i was under the impression that it 's a remain from past times when there was n't such a good infrastructure that allowed decentralised voting . 
  the main election in the us , the electoral college , is not democratic . 
  this is all i 'm saying .
