  thanks for the reply , the language part feels weird , is it really accident that these good classes are created or is there some black magic involved ? 
  in germany most people pick french as their second foreign language , they usually start in grade 6 or 7 ( so at 11/12 years old ) and you often have it until grade 11 , some until 12 or 13 ( this is just the highest school form ` gymnasium ' i 'm talking about , it 's different in the other two forms ) . 
  other popular languages are spanish , latin and i think russian , but due to our closeness both geographical and in a sense of friendship with france french remains the most popular . 
  i wish i had picked french over the only alternative latin , knowing latin is rarely useful , haha . 
  it 's the same with british , swedish , you name it monarchy . 
  ah i see , dank je wel for the links !, 
  while i agree with you in general you have to remember that this is just our opinion and not some sort of fact . 
  also not sure if the last line is a joke . 
  if you wager that against the costs of changing the system to a republic then it 's probably not worth it in short term strictly from a financial viewpoint . 
  in germany the president is elected by the bundesversammlung which includes the whole parliament and also representatives of the states ( sometimes the states send celebrities of which they know who they 'll vote for ) . 
  i do n't think it 's the best system but a direct election is n't either , i guess . 
  most people outside of germany ( and probably also a few germans ) wo n't know that we have a president i guess so it 's not * too * important although he 's also needed in the legislation process and he appoints the ministers . 
  tusen tack for the answer , 
  no i wonder how people will see that on my cv , haha . 
  it 's always weird when i tell people that i was on a catholic private school , mostly because i do n't think about it unless i tell someone , it was just a regular school , the only difference was that they were allowed to hang crosses in classrooms/hallways ( did n't bother me ) , that we had mandatory religion class ( did n't bother me too much , although i would 've liked to switch to ethic which i realised after i finished school ) and that we had mandatory church service ( free period , yay ) . 
  some people will see it different and i wo n't send my kid/s on a catholic school unless they absolutely insist . 
  the only real disadvantage was the bubble you were in , which i only realised after i finished school . 
  70 % catholic kids , 29,99 % protestant kids ( actually only know one person who ` snuck in ' without being christened , they did n't check/care because his sister was already in who was christened ) and also not very many low class kids . 
  i would 've liked more diversity if i 'm being honest . 
  there were also advantages to a public school , we had a much better school social work ( 3 people who came into classes when they were problems and did preventive things against bullying etc. 
  ) , i liked that very much . 
  tl ; dr : private catholic school - 8/10, 
  aw shame , but i see [ you 've gotten over that quickly ] ( https://puu.sh/jmtmb/0aa5a69613.png ) , 
  can you explain what hmc/boarding school means essentially ? 
  i only heard this from my gf but she said that private schools in france are much better than the public schools . 
  would you say that this is accurate ? 
  you 'd be suprised how popular monarchy is in germany even today , people ( especially older people ) * love * beatrix and there are magazines like `` adel aktuell '' ( ~ * royalty today * ) and many more which sell quite well . 
  iirc a good chunk wish that germany would ` switch back ' to monarchy , mostly due to the romanticised idea i 'd say . 
  gladly this is not possible due to our very simple but extremely important \u00a7 20gg which gurantees that germany * must forever * remain a democratic , federal and social ( i.e. 
  social democracy ) republic and a state of law . 
  love the shit out of that article . 
  have n't considered that , you 're right . 
  my school was also catholic but had support from the state and the church , the tuition was ~ 30-50 $ / month which obviously ca n't cover the education alone . 
   there is no official social inequality of this sort in the us . 
  lots and lots of inofficial or rather non-institutionalised inequality in the us though , brah . 
  especially the netherlands are * way ahead * in this regard . 
   it was rather the children that struggled that were sent to private schools . 
  ah , we have a school like that around here too , you can not literally buy your abitur ( a-levels/matura ) but you can make it a hell lot easier . 
   you and i can get shitfaced every other week , post it to instagram and nobody gives a shit . 
  take advantage of that privilege . 
  there are n't only two systems you know , you could keep your whole political system but swap the royals for a representative president with only ver little powers like germany ( and other countries ) do it . 
   like happened twice before in history , when shit goes bad they 're off to england . 
  what were those events ? 
  i do n't have anything against the people , they seem nice and it 's probably why they have support but the concept that some people would be different under law or just by their institutionalised status is weird to me . 
  interesting , thanks for the ~ ~ suggestion ~ ~ answer !, 
  [ huh ? 
  lowering your flag to half mast , did something happen ? 
  do they cost the country though ? 
  i just remember it for the uk where the royal family seems to give more than they take . 
  quick survey here : are private schools a thing in your country ( asking everybody here ) or not really ? 
  in germany public schools are much more popular and you can get a similar education in public schools compared to private schools . 
  i actually went to a private school ( not really a special one and mainly since my sister went there ) and if i think i 'd send my kid to the public school across the street since they offer a better education imho . 
  got ta fight corruption on all levels , through transparency . 
  all ccountries need more transparency in their administration , germany as well . 
   most romanian students in the west are surprisingly patriotic , and would definitely come back in the country if it developed itself enough . 
  well but there 's the problem is n't it ? 
  it 'll be harder for romania to move forwards when all the educated people are n't in romania . 
  i get that it 's not feasible for you personally . 
  i could see this ending badly . 
  haha , glad you had a good encounter and found assistance ( especially since it was so efficient , makes my eyes glow ) . 
  i wrote a paper for university on the integration of romania and bulgaria into the eu and after that i 've been very impressed with romania . 
  it 's still some steps down the road but they 've gone a great deal , especially in the fight against corruption . 
  i must say that i 'm a big fan of romania and romanians ( especially in this sub , i think they 're the most hilarious - right after us germans of course ) . 
  yeah i do , because you 're being a wanker for saying something like this and belittling refugees . 
  what kind of asshole attitude is this ? 
   and i do n't like it much when people on the internet say it but eh it 's not that big a deal . 
  this is what i thought and i can relate to that , as i said i do my best to use the netherlands exclusively . 
  well i guess you would better describe it as `` administration '' than as a `` government '' . 
  i feel like this a wrong comparison . 
  it 's rather like germans always being called bavarians . 
  sure , bavaria is the largest state and the second most populous , many foreigners will associate typical bavarian things that are n't really a thing in the rest of germany as ` typically german ' ( lederhosen , dirndl , oktoberfest , traditional dishes from bavaria etc. ), 
  but you 're not a bavarian if you live in hamburg or cologne , are you ? 
  i can see how it gets annoying , i just hope that dutch people do n't get offended , i do n't know one person who means harm when he says `` holl\u00e4nder '' or `` holland '' , we reserve * k\u00e4skopf * ( cheese head ) for that when they beat us in football or clog the autobahn . 
   but it 's not that far along yet and some people do n't really like it . 
  can other dutch people chime in here on what you think ? 
  i 'm trying to say * the netherlands * ( or rather * die niederlande * and * niederl\u00e4ndisch * ) instead of * holland * with most people , but especially with relatives who do n't know the difference i often fall back to * holland * and do n't correct their mistake . 
  in german there 's * vereinigtes k\u00f6nigreich * which translates to * united kingdom * which is mostly used , but * gro\u00dfbritannien * ( = great britain ) is also often used when the uk is meant which i find kind of annoying but most people wo n't know the difference or even that there 's a difference in the first place . 
  i 'd rather say that she 's talking like a child , haha . 
  pretty impressive though that you can understand what she says , it 's gibberish and even slightly difficult for me because she is speaking pretty sluggish . 
  14 and 26 for germany and france are hardly `` love '' , though . 
  i think the numbers are lower if anything post-snowden . 
  well it 's not your fault , i could 've been clearer :p it 's pretty cool that you follow german politics , i was kind of amazed until i saw your flair , hehe . 
  i do n't understand , care to explain ? 
  i was speaking hypothetically , you ca n't vote in state and federal elections , no . 
  well this is kind of a joke/cringe video in germany , she 's called nadine the brain as a joke , because what she says ( this is part of a whole episode of the german * wife swap * ) and pretty much anything she says is stupid . 
  this is the kind of thing that where you hope it 's 100 % scripted , of course it 's heavily scripted but there are definitely people out there who believe some of this . 
  many people do , it 's been all over the internet and in pretty much every news show/newspaper . 
  well but you ca n't vote for her directly but only for her party ( the cdu ) which is often quite different from merkels policies . 
  well we may spell it different but [ some of us ] ( https://youtu.be/5oarpnixkng?t=12s ) definitely say it like that . 
  do n't be suprised if you do n't understand anything , german is quite close to dutch and i reckon many of you dutchies speak it but she 's pretty hard to understand and actually says * teewors * ( teewurst in german , [ theeworst ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/theeworst ) in dutch ), 
  i wish germany would stop to produce and sell weapons though . 
  you guys are our bros though . 
  the comic in question : https://i.imgur.com/tc3bary.png, 
  this is one of those times where bff is appropriate and i 'd say that france has the highest score . 
  france is germanys closest ally and closest friend , i 'm glad that we have a good relationship with many if not most coutries , but french-german relations are special to me , we hated our guts for a long time but this time is gone . 
  i 'm certain that if we do n't fuck things over someway that our relationship is only growing closer over time . 
  fuck off with this , this is neither appropriate nor funny in any context !, 
  well , we 'll see how this plays out and also the encryption ban thing on which the government is backpaddeling atm . 
  i hope we do n't see further limitations on the internet . 
   there 's no centralized way for the government to block internet sites .
