  for what ? 
  you definitely know quite a bit about this topic , hats off for that , not many people are this informed . 
  i think ( and hope ) that this will be one of the key issues of our time , the conflict between privacy and ` security ' . 
  it 's a matter of the heart for me , it 's nice to see another person who cares about this as much as i do , at least that 's my impression of you . 
  something you may be interested in considering data storage and retention : i just switched from outlook.com to [ posteo ] ( https://posteo.de ) as my e-mail provider . 
  many people say it 's the german lavabit , you can create an account anonymously and pay with cash or paypal , they do n't match your pament data with your account , they 're all about data sparingness ( collect and store as few data as possible ) and they offer perfect forward security , all data is stored in germany . 
  i pay 1 $ per month but i think it 's worth it , maybe they 'll integrate pgp soon . 
   the country that let thousands of us inbound planes land in their own airports during 9/11 that 's be quite a tough one for australia for example :p i though about canada too but i figured they 're just not an important economical player . 
  thanks for explaining . 
   2 ) the tv show `` jersey shore . '', 
  they actually show that in german tv too and as always copy it . 
  ha , very well then  is it really a common sterotype that people from new jersey are douchey/proles ? 
  oh shit , another one . 
  can you explain what you mean ? 
  definitely skip school , this will be a much more important event than one random day in class . 
  you could watch [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6kc5xvr24aw ) piece of propaganda ( sorry , but that 's really what it is , it 's not even an interview , you never see the interviewer and she speaks less than 10 words total ) to get prepared . 
  i missed my opportunity to ask more than one question although i 'm really interested in this topic , but time was limited and i was n't the only one in that room . 
  so make sure to prepare * interesting * question , i really regret not asking him why germany should engage in a free treaty agreement when it 's clearly not treated as a sovereign partner . 
  it 's interesting how these revelations are being perceived , though i 'm not aware of a worse european program . 
  the nsa does indeed do a lot more than european intelligence agencies , so it does get the right amount of attention , imho . 
  but you 're right , many people treat this like it 's only the nsa who does this , which is certainly not right . 
  are you asking for a summary here ? 
  haha , nope . 
  30 people with the finest german accents , one guy with an especially thick accent , was both funny and kind of embarrassing . 
  he does speak german but he wanted to stick to english which i really enjoyed , i read and write so much in english , probably more than in german on an average day , and you rarely have the opportunity to speak german to a native speaker . 
  and he was very likeable and polite , quite against the sterotype ( iirc people from new jersey are often seen as douchey ( ? ) ), 
  but i guess you get such a position by accident . 
  yeah , i guess this is what he was talking about . 
  he was there to talk about german-american relations in general in the light of the free trade agreement . 
  and as you 'd expect the questions quickly focused on the nsa scandal in a room full of ( polisci ) students . 
   the problem is that most people in charge government institutions are form a different generation , they grew up with different values and perspectives and ways to solve problems . 
  if a german had said this i would agree with him . 
  just looking at the same sex marriage issue . 
  a majority of germans is in favor of it and yet we wait for it to happen while our neighbours pass bills that give people their basic rights . 
  yup , curroption is a problem pretty much everywhere , the countries who think that they got rid of it just do it at a higher level , which is at least just as worse . 
  it was really weird because while i think that germany is an important partner for the us i 'd definitely had put the uk as the most important partner . 
  the us is surely doing a lot of pr work recently , we had the [ deputy chief of mission ] ( http://germany.usembassy.gov/about/dcm/ ) ( kind of like the vice ambassador ) at my uni this monday where he made sure to tell us how important germany is as a partner to the us , he actually said that ` we ' were their most important partner , and that we shall not loose trust over the nsa scandal because it was in his eyes `` just metadata '' that is collected and that the media is making this a bigger deal than what it actually is . 
  i did understand this part :p thanks for sharing your insight , hope i did n't come off as an euro skeptic or skeptic of romania , it 's actually the opposite . 
  i once wrote a small report on the integration of bulgaria and romania and it was really interesting , romania did a lot to improve their situation ( reduction of corruption for example ) . 
  at least that 's what the literature suggested , 'm not sure if that 's true . 
  what do you think about this , what changed since 2007 , both positive and negative ? 
  i 'm sorry but i 'm afraid i 'm not that shaped in economics to understand what you just said : /, 
   it 's an idealistic and not really serious coment , just a remark about the current situation  i was being cynical . 
  yes , this is true . 
  i 'm aware of this but ` even ' germany does n't stick to the criteria , so who are we or anyone else to tell them that they have to do this . 
  it 's an idealistic and not really serious coment , just a remark about the current situation , 
   romania will not fulfill all the maastricht criteria this year . 
  who cares , nobody does . 
  i think you 'll find help there . 
  definitely . 
  you can check in at / r/de or / r/germany to get suggestions . 
   beaches , islands , swamps , flatlands , hills , forests , mountains , lakes we have that too but somehow less amazing versions of this though there are surely nice places in germany . 
  it 's just that portugal is pretty different to germany , as would be greece and as is finnland . 
  we rarely have temperatures obver 30 \u00b0 c and you wo n't find azure water in germany . 
  that 's why it 's awesome that i can drive through 3 countries to get to a place that looks in a few ways really foreign . 
  i hope this can be one of my next trips ( :, 
  definitely , but i also mean landscape wise . 
  awesome spot !, 
  i 'm definitely biased as i 'm from this area but i think you guys will still find this to be beautiful : [ mittelrheintal ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/53/marksburg,_rhein.jpg ) [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/middle_rhine ), 
  i find that pictures of portugal often look like they 're not taken in europe , it 's so close but it still has many foreign looks , sometimes south american for example . 
  definitely worth a vacation , i hope i can come soon , 
  [ * prager fr\u00fchling * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prague_spring ) is the one i instantly think about , one of my favourite * events in history and of course the [ * prager fenstersturz * ] ( https://cs.wikipedia.org/wiki/pra%c5%besk%c3%a1_defenestrace_%281618%29 ) . 
  * i.e. 
  the ones that fascinate me most , can also be something negative . 
  we should n't trow censorship around like this , it 's an right issue between youtube and the gema and thus not accessible , that does n't make it censorship ... 
  how can you survive one day on the internet without [ proxmate ] / http://proxmate.dave.cx ), 
  i was calling the border official childish and the policy . 
  it does seem like this would be the case in many cenarios , though , not only with a serbia-kosovo constallation . 
  well , all members have to sign the treatie but i guess spain would be under a lot of pressure if catalonia would meet all the needed formalities . 
  definitely a difficult issue , why ca n't you be like us germans who only want to kick regions out of germany instead of desiring unity :p, 
   is it going to let spain handle the situation without restrictions ? 
  not sure what you mean with this sentence , i 'd guess it would n't be part of the eu at first , they 'd probably have to apply if they want to be part of the eu . 
   if spain was n't part of eu , you would n't allow it to join until they recognize it ? 
  i never stated that this is a no-go , i just think that 's an indicator that serbia may not be in the best position right now to join . 
  spain does n't seem to have personal problems with kosovo , they do it because they do n't want catalonia to do the same . 
   this would , literally , be same as if i were to come to germany with stamps of my own country that i made up and german officials put the german stamp over my own to enable me to travel throughout the country without any issues . 
  well kosovo is n't made up though . 
  but i get what you 're saying . 
  i 'm just concerned that there may be problems down the road when serbia is integrated right now when it has n't even sorted out it 's regional differences . 
  i think it 's best to have as stable countries as possible when they want to be integrated . 
  or you could place it next to the stamp and still not recognise it . 
  anyways , i 'm done here . 
  this seems to be a difficult topic for serbs and none of you seem to see my point . 
  to me it 's like drawing an arrow and writing `` lol you suck '' next to it , only in a more offensive way . 
  i think it 'd be best for the joining process if serbia and kosov came to better terms with each other . 
  my critic mainly focused on this childish behaviour which to me indicates that there are still problems to be sorted out before serbia is allowed into the eu , at least the border guard does n't seem to be aware of the eu 's principles . 
  autumn of 2013 . 
  when did i agrue that i want to kick them out , serbia is n't even part of the eu , how can it be kicked out . 
  i 'm generally pro european integration , i just dislike it when other countries behave like 14 year olds and do n't recognise everyones right to declare independence based on self-determination . 
  too bad that most people in here ca n't talk about this on a factual basis and refer to downvotes and not really prone arguments and defend this ridiculous behaviour . 
  that 's indeed not that easy , i did n't want to imply that . 
  one of them is probably germany . 
  you wo n't change my opinion on this , it 's a childish behaviour . 
  the constituton can be changed , i 'd guess . 
  west germany also had it 's difficulties with recognising east germany due to the constitution which stated that there is only one germany and that the eastern part is part of this . 
  they still [ recognised it in 1972 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/basic_treaty,_1972 ) , which improved the german-german relations and it was a win for both sides since other nations recognised them . 
  no need to be sarcastic about it . 
  i do n't think so , it 's probably similar to drawing a dick next to it , just a childish and stupid thing to do . 
  well the [ majority does recognise kosovo ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/b3/countriesrecognizingkosovo.png ) for one thing . 
  the childish behaviour refers to placing the border official action of placing the stamp right above kosovos .
