  and now i 'm asking you what those links could tell you ? 
  do you know german ? 
  if so then look for yourself and browse the site , otherwise i would n't know how to prove that i find their journalism shitty , not even regarding that that 's a ridiculous thing to ask for and there 's no way to prove an opinion . 
  how would you ` prove ' that the daily mail is garbage journalism ? 
  what facts would prove my claim ? 
   but it 's fine , it 's just your opinion anyways . 
  i never claimed it was more than that anyways , not sure why you 'd assume that anyone can really * prove * this . 
  claiming things that are wrong , exaggerating the truth and click bait titles . 
  we all know papers like this , do n't we ? 
  certainly , yes . 
  i 'm just saying that you should n't underestimate right wing resentments in the general populance . 
   the only places where i can really feel racism growing is the internet people on the internet are still people in real life and while they may use facebook to vent and rant they probably do n't feel much different in their offline life . 
  what would you like me to explain ? 
  apparently there are two refugee centers in a 500m range where i live , never noticed any difference whatsoever and the ones i met were among the nicest people i met and i could amaze them with the smallest facts ( that the next castle is only a 30 min trainride away for example ) . 
  what worries though is the steady increasing right wing rhetoric and violence . 
  i do n't think that i 'd describe them as `` very right wing '' but most of the time it 's just garbadge journalism . 
  yeah but gema is not asking for the content to be blocked , certainly not all content that * youtube * blocks . 
  yeah but youtube made that decision and they 're blocking much more than they would need to block to not get into trouble with gema . 
  youtube made that decision and it 's who 's blocking it in any perspective that you look at it . 
  de facto it 's youtube who blocks it . 
  ironically facebook already does delete a huge amount of posts and there 's no real outcry about it . 
  try posting a nipple on facebook , i 'd be suprised if it lasts 12 hours . 
  i understand your point but there 's just no political initiative to get rid of it . 
   perhaps not needed any more i do n't know , a german could probably answer that better than me . 
  i 'm all up for questioning the law , i myself am not certain how i think about the validity of the law , but i also see no gain of people being able to deny the holocaust and it is really not hurting anyone who is n't a very publicly outspoken holocaust denier , so the debate ( which is mostly held by people who have no clue about the issue both from a legal and a historical/cultural standpoint ) seems kind of weird to me . 
  it 's also not a slippery slope imho , we have had the law for decades and nothing really happened other than a few very outspoken holocaust deniers getting fines . 
  but however you stand on whether it should be upheld or thrown out it 's definitely relevant , there are holocaust deniers in germany or as a band i really like puts it `` who [ neo-nazis ] do n't deny the holocaust , they re-interpret it '' ( okay , this sounds much better in german , haha , but they do have a point , it seems as modern holocaust deniers do n't flat out deny that it happened , but they claim all sorts of things , that the gas chambers were used after 1945 or that they were used for something else etc. ), 
  thanks for your comment by the way , as i said i 'm critical of the law myself but it seems it 's only the folks who have no clue of its cultural context criticise it , good to see that a non-german understand it , 
  what do you personally gain by being able to deny that the holocaust did n't happen ? 
   as it turns out i can see into belgium and germany from my house !, 
  this is at the same time so cool and so bizzare . 
  i actually know a guy from izmir :d, 
  name a country that has absolute free speech then ? 
  even the us has limitations on free speech . 
  holocaust denial is illegal in germany , you may disagree with it but that 's how it is . 
  and denying the holocaust is n't being politically incorrect , it 's bullshit , also in slovenia . 
  and not due to hate speech but due to youth protection . 
  ( i do n't agree with it , especially because it 's so easy to circumvent it , just adding this to the discussion ), 
  just making a joke , pal , relax . 
  ah , once again a `` scot '' tells scots about their country . 
  it 's okay , somehow i manage . 
  that 's what she does n't say : /, 
  cool , thanks for this , subscribed !, 
  - in the south - more conservative than the rest of the country - ~ ~ a little bit nuts ~ ~ completely nuts - people are bavarians/texans first , then germans/americans i bet there 's more , this is just from the top of my head, 
  oh that 's pretty odd , it 's a common word in germany . 
  cool to stumble on words that are not used anymore and wonder why that is , is n't it ? 
  a nation as well as a strong black woman who do n't need no man can be * unabh\u00e4ngig * , i guess it works the same in swedish ? 
   they claim that europe and germany will get islamic because of refugees and immigrants from the middle east . 
  they claimed that even before the current refugee situation and despite saxony having less than 0,1 % muslims . 
  florida fits better , bavaria is already our texas . 
  you 've got a lot to learn , boy , but do n't worry , escalat0r is here for you , 
  `` selbstst\u00e4ndigkeitsambitionen '' is not a word in german but everyone would understand what you mean , although it rather sounds like a young person who 's looking for emancipation . 
  man , i love both languages , 
   \u00dcnoabh\u00e4ngischgeitsbeweg\u00fcngen if you prefer the saxonian dialect . 
  that 's not a fair comparison , carson is just a troll who 's doing it for the publicity ( at least that 's what i hope ) . 
   it is n't true that nazi symbols are banned by law ? 
  that 's true for some symbols with exclusions for some settings ( you can show a swastika in a museum , ( history ) book etc. 
   mein kampf 2 : k\u00e4mpf ' harder you need those two dots to make it proper denglish, 
  it did destabilize the whole region which made the rise of daesh possible . 
  you just do n't want to accept that because it makes your country look bad . 
  the iraq war started in 2003 and clearly influenced the current state of iraq and syria , but yeah , try to silence me with hitler to prevent cognitive dissonance . 
  yeah , of course it 's totally unrelated because it works against your `` poor murica '' narrative . 
  well , you kind of created the power vacuum that let daesh rise to power , now did n't you ? 
  again , i ca n't take this really seriously since the us only plans to take in 10k refugees and hand picks those , the majority is taken in by jordan and other nearby countries , then by european countries and yeah ... right there we see the us . 
  and saudi arabia and the uae are getting a lot of shit for not taking in refugees , but of course , as always the us is the real victim here . 
  what a joke . 
  how is taking in refugees related to the us military involvement . 
  i thought you meant that . 
  in case you just meant taking in refugees then yes , plenty people want it but as of now the us is doing little to nothing , 10k refugees is a joke for a country of 300 million . 
  i only hear americans saying that ... 
  i actually do n't think that it 's too difficult , you learn about different political systems , how laws are passed , what kind of institutions there are , not what party to vote for or what policy is the right one . 
  i never felt like one of my teachers let their own political affiliations influence the class , sure they may show it but it 's also important to learn not to just adopt your political beliefs from someone else . 
  i highly disagree , knowing how political systems work is an important part of life because politics influences you every single day . 
  and still so many people in the uk are anti-eu , likely without knowing much about it though . 
  hm that kind of blows , i find it incredibly important that children are taught how their and other country 's political systems work etc. 
  in germany you 'll usually have this at least 5 years . 
  do n't you have politics classes ? 
  one could argue that one thing is more relevant in our all lives . 
  i 'm talking about the military thing of course . 
  well do n't they do this in all countries though ? 
  yeah , we should just move all administrative stuff to berlin and let one guy run the show imho . 
  yeah me too , i think we 're thinking of weeks in a year . 
  you 're beyond help if you honestly think germany sided with sadam hussein , but yeah , this just shows again that you ca n't think in anything beyond black and white ... 
  in reality germany just did n't fell for the bullshit fabricated evidence that the us and the uk used to legimitize an agressive attack on a sovereign country which is wrong , even if it 's a dictatorship like iraq . 
  anyways , as i said , this has no place in this thread and i do n't think that we can have a reasonable discussion with a radicalised person like you so i 'll hit that `` disable inbox replies '' button . 
  we can only speculate about that and i 'm not claiming that iraq would be the land of milk and honey once again . 
  but more wars ca n't be the answer here , the war on terror has failed . 
  and yet people keep pushing for it , sarkozy even called for a `` war with total force '' , you can probably understand why somebody calling for a `` total war '' is worrying . 
  let 's not fall to another knee-jerk reaction , not again . 
  yeah right , the motivation of my comment was to write a love letter to sadam . 
  apparently you 're not capable of thinking in more shades than black and white , this shows that you support the `` either you 're with us or you 're against us '' sentiment which is ironically quite totalitarian , leaving no place for any legitimate opposition . 
  anyways , this thread is about france and germany standing together and i do n't want to derail it any further , as should n't you . 
  i do n't see how all this is relevant to this thread . 
  and if bush , cheney and large parts of the us would n't have pushed for an agressive war that would leave a power vacuum in this region the is may not been here today . 
  and you 're pushing for more war , seriously ? 
  glad to see people like you in here who are still thinking rationally , thanks for your comments !, 
  disgusting that you would abuse this situation for scamming people . 
  no , you 're just a pig . 
   which is very soon and with 100 % certainty . 
  yeah , i 'm going to trust you on this , seems like you 're very well informed and not at all a right-wing fear mongerer ...
