  here 's the english translation , you 'd have to provide the french version   mexican woman : where are you from ? 
    spanish woman : from spain . 
    mex : ooooh , you speak spanish ? 
    spa : of course , in spain you speak spanish . 
    mex : ooh , i thought that in spain you 'd speak like the canadians . 
    spa : i ca n't believe that , really/are you being serious ? 
    mex : yes . 
    spa : really ? 
  but you * do * understand me :d ? 
  are you telling me you thought that spanards speak french or english !? 
    mex : yes , well * different * ... 
  i did n't think that you 'd speak spanish well ... 
  anything else would be silly , let 's be honest . 
   i do think it 's overhyped in foreign media to scare people off though . 
  scaring people from visiting mexico or what would the motivation be ? 
  it 's just the same set of phrases for all countries , not specific to any country . 
  you do n't need that phrase in the netherlands but it may come in handy in honduras . 
  [ jungejungejungejungejungejungejungejungejungejunge ] ( https://youtu.be/bea6v6ivfys?t=1m05s ), 
  and you just do n't need one in everyday life , at least that 's how it 's in germany , pretty sure it 's similar over the border . 
  you can pay with debit everyday ( what 's the infnitive of `` pinnen '' ) and we germans can use our filthy cash money , haha :d, 
  pretty evident at the `` i have my own syringe '' phrase , why woud you need that in the netherlands ? 
  enough psychos in this thread , but thanks . 
  at this point i do n't even know if you 're joking or you 're being serious a moron . 
   i think it 's fairly well accepted that the majority part of the population is ` blind ' and does n't give a fuck about anyone else . 
  what the fuck is that even supposed to mean and how the fuck does this subreddit accept viglante justice . 
  vigilante `` justice '' is never the answer , an eye for an eye makes the whole world blind . 
  that is a flawed argument . 
  you can absolutely say that what country x does is bad without having to mention `` but to be fair , country y also does it and z is even worse '' . 
  if you 'd were to follow your rule we coulnd ' t criticise anything because somewhere someone is doing somethings equally bad or worse . 
  yeah , let 's just order someone to kill them and then kiss my feet , to show that that what they did was wrong and that we 're better than this . 
  no no , the climate and everything else would stay the same of course !, 
  i definitely do open doors and smiles but it 's still not easy to just randomly say nice stuff to strangers even if i want to . 
  i 'm not even socially inept or anything , it 's just so unusual that i would n't dare to do it . 
  it 's just a friendly and helpful society imho , and it 's the small things that make it that . 
  recently i was eating fries with a few friends and an old dutch couple was passig by and just randomly smiled at us and said `` ah lecker frieten '' and basically wished us bon apetite this way . 
  just yesterday i was riding a bike with my girlfriend sitting on the pannier rack and we both had a backback . 
  we struggled a bit to keep going and then a woman passed us and said `` well that seems to work quite good , respect '' or something along those lines . 
  this will look like nothing to a dutch person but it 's something that very rarely happens in germany . 
  and it 's just so nice , i find the dutch are the nicest people in europe and possibly a contender for the world championship of niceness . 
  edit : wow , seven paragraphs jerking it to dutch friendlyness , i really need to keep it in my pants . 
  esc  geopolitics it 's always been like that and it always will be . 
  i mean it worked once so why not again ? 
   our map now has mexico in it if you hover over it . 
  man it 'd be fun if mexico was actually between iceland and the british isles !, 
  sorry , we 're not that advanced here meme-wise , rickrolling * just * became a thing here . 
  that 's why i wrote `` was ''  also you missed the opportunity to reply like this :  he respected it of course but that was a really unusual experience for him and us ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  just wanted to say that it 's pretty clear that u/dalaik is n't being serious and that he knows that it 's illegal . 
  that 's not exclusive to danish law . 
  one of my best friends is dating an italian girl and this was definitely true for her . 
  he respected it of course but that was a really unusual experience for him and us , i do n't think that i know anyone who follows no sex before marriage . 
  actually a really beautiful town , smells like dick cheese though . 
  3 : everybody walk the dinosaur . 
  ca n't have sex before you 're married , this one book told me so i have to follow it . 
  even a basic requirement for places like r/the _ donald, 
  this thread is about privacy , so that criticism is very well reasonable . 
  not if you want to be secure , telegram has absolutely shit encryption . 
  probably the second one . 
  and even if the first one were true then we have to make it our job to engage more people in the political process and show them that it makes sense to inform themselves and to participate . 
  never before have people been more educated and have had more opportunities to educate themselves . 
  simultanously you could argue that some things get * too much * coverage . 
  just now the afd has won 11.5 % in the berlin state elections and ard ( our biggest public broadcaster ) called them the winner of the night , even though they polled higher and thus underperformed * this night * and wo n't be part of the government . 
  sure , they won the most percentage points ( 11.5 since that was their first election ) and it 's certainly a win for the afd but imho die linke ( the lefts ) should be called the winner of the night since they got 1.5 x the votes compared to the last election and will likely be part of the government again . 
  such an empty bullshit statement , this is something we need to adress as well . 
  all those people who say `` forget about it , politicians are all corrupt '' . 
  yeah right , that attitude will fix things mr. smartass . 
  so it 's neither better nor worse and thus not what was claimed above . 
  i 'm not talking about people i disagree with politically , i 'm talking about empty promises or ones that can not possibly be fulfilled . 
  populists promise people the world and use all kinds of fear mongering and faked statistics to strengthen their points . 
  if you have a politically educated populance people will be able to spot and avoid these tactics . 
  we could have [ neuruppin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neuruppin ) as the capital , that 's how you pronounce it in denglish . 
  lots of space there too , not much going on in brandenburg . 
  populism . 
  it 's why we need to educate our populances better so they do n't fall for such crap as easily . 
  that does n't seem to support u/watnxt statement . 
  sorry , but without a source i chose to not believe you , i have no way to verify what you 're claiming here . 
  also a thing in germany ( and probably many other countries of course ) . 
  i went to a exhibition of some students work and it 's really amazing what they have done . 
  i really dig the mix between handling materials and understanding how they work ( ca n't use a material that will melt if you put hot stuff in it etc. ), 
  and the more artsy approach of trying to figure out how to best package stuff . 
  not sure if your program is similar , but that was a really cool one . 
  have a source for that statement ? 
  i 'm not necessarily doubting you but i find it all factors considered ( the process of getting the oil needed to produce the plastic is n't environmentally friendly either ) . 
  that really fits the bavarian stereotype of ultra conservative religious people , my girlfriends grandmother is from baden-w\u00fcrttemberg ( pretty much equally conservative and religious ) and when she bumped her knee once and asked for a band aid her grandma got her a picture of holy mary instead and she was like wtf . 
  could n't imagine something like that in the north/west and certainly not in the east . 
  that 's how i learned that as well , i 'm always confused when it 's like that . 
  seems like starting the day at 2 am . 
  kind of makes me sad :( but you can ask hungary about wall building and if that 's your choice then we 'll pay for it . 
  that really was a fun fact , thanks !, 
  you had me until the last sentence , smells like an obsessive relationship where you 'll ask all kind of weird stuff like `` germany , you 're never home and always give the netherlands lusting glances , admit it you love them more than me '' and all that jazz . 
  we 'd have to go through austria and hungary to get to you . 
  happy to do the first one , we have expericence there but i 'd personally want to skip hungary , they seem pretty batshit crazy lately . 
  well supposed is difficult , there is no natural rule to this so it 's all made up . 
  but you start work and school on monday so it 'd make sense to have that as your first day and the weekend as the well end of the week , no ? 
  thanks for the link !, 
  i did n't realise that it was this few people , wow . 
  and that kingdom seems pretty interesting , sadly ca n't find anything in english about it . 
  sadly not many good d\u00f6ners in the netherlands from what i 've heard : /, 
  and yet mittwoch is still the middle of a regular work/school week . 
  yeah very true and super rural at the least , we often were excited/suprised to see another car when we drove in the evening/night and the next supermarket was a 20 minute ride , hehe . 
  but we saw an elk which was pretty great :d,
