  and red tops are full of pictures because people who read them do n't want to be bothered with something difficult as actual letters . 
  my brain ca n't comprehend how people ca n't see this as acts of inividuals . 
  if there were some kind of pope in islam ( i 'm not very familiar with this religion tbh ) and he called out to attack the ` western world ' , sure , you could call it this . 
  these attacks are the actions of individuals who abuse a religion ( that may not be at all perfect/tolerant or civilized ) for their selfish cause . 
  because guess what : they 're in a shitty situation , most of them are not very educated , very poor and have no hope . 
  i think we should fous on that because that is actually * our * fault , because we keep so many nations small . 
  we are the selfish brats that do n't want to share our fortune . 
  we 're assholes too . 
  a ) wow , nice comparison , they 're literally the ss . 
  b ) they were established by hitler/himmler , the two most powerful people in nazi germany ( yeah , maybe g\u00f6ring too ) and backed by the whole wehrmacht , so yes , they actually represented nazi-germany back then , or at least i 'm not aware of any actions against them besides the regular resistance . 
  maybe so that they ca n't spread their message . 
  do n't want to get into this debate but that was just my idea . 
  he 's differet , he 's not brown so he 's just some wacko . 
  these people , who just beheaded someone in front of an elementary school and then calmly talked to people , on the other hand are sane . 
  only one of these regulations is one against something else than meat . 
  really something to think about . 
  i just realized that i still live with my parents by this definition . 
  that 's a really cool flag !, 
  i do n't have mine because i 'm proud of germany or because i want to distinguish myself from * those * dutch people , i have it because i find it interesting to compare the comment of a person to were they come from . 
  but is n't it often like this because there is no or little data ? 
  i have saxon blood running in my veins ( a quarter ) but i do n't like ( read = hate ) the accent . 
  i currently live in th\u00fcringen and i like them much more , their accent is cute , the other one is pretty much unbearable :p, 
  i was just curious why saxony , you could 've picked schwaben as well or friesland , 
  we 'd have to exclude most people then . 
  i 'm curious , why ? 
  ron paul 's not a big deal on cj anymore , you 'd rather want to look at / r/braveryjerk . 
  also : check our priviledge . 
  there is free lasagne waiting for you in a discounter right next to you ( in europe ) . 
  i still would n't bet that it 's safe to eat . 
  i definitely want to visit there !, 
  the dead fox may have rabies . 
  sorry , i did n't want to spam , i just found this video interestingly disgusting . 
  you may now enjoy : [ some moron eating a roadkill fox ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2r3szqoxey ) my favourite sentence : `` who decides we ca n't eat foxes ; who decides which animals are edible ? '', 
  in hessen `` doll '' is a valid word for `` mad '' . 
  took a quick trip on google images and it does look amazing , 
  i can actually get something good out of this : untouched nature . 
  i heard that romania has one of the few untouched forests in whole europe and i think that 's really nice . 
  most definitely . 
  they murdered those people to spread fear so that immigrants flee the country . 
  they murdered them because of their ideology so it definitely is relevant . 
  i 'm really hungry now ... 
  e-5643 is a really nice name though . 
  you should 've named it like this in the first place and we would n't have these problems right now ... 
  i find the translation of * national socialist underground * slightly misleading . 
  their intentions were n't socialist , they 're neo-nazis . 
  i hope that not only zsch\u00e4pe will get the full punishment for her crimes and that the crimes will be resolved so that the families can have some peace but also , that there will be changes in the future . 
  i think we should remodel our agencies and the police , they simply failed in this case . 
  wikipedia says that but it 's not well enough sourced . 
  made in germany was too . 
  germans had to put it o their products because they used to be of poor quality . 
  it 's my definition - deal with it . 
   take a look at the map and recent headlines again what headlines in particular do you mean ? 
   what 's the downside you 're actually worried about ? 
  i just want as few as possible people to know about what i define as privacy . 
  why would i use chrome when there is an alternative or even two that 'll respect my privacy . 
  i just wo n't give it out for free if it 's easy not to do so . 
  this is what i mean when i say `` people do n't seem to care '' . 
  that does n't change much for me . 
  if enough people have a valid concern a company should follow this concern and implement a fitting change to the product . 
  if they do n't , legislation should change . 
  luckily enough many companies follow this concern or get forced to by our pretty decent privacy laws . 
  it kind of shocks me that some people actually do n't seem to care aout privacy . 
  sure i 'm more concerned about it than i often should be but i just do n't understand why people would give up their privacy so easily . 
  so many chrome users do n't seem to care that everything they type in the awesomebar wander to google , that they 're tracked on their android/iphones or whatever . 
  * but i have nothing to hide * - good for you but why give something away when you actually do n't have too ? 
  sorry , i just saw the flag :p  but look , you must accept that we have to balance your concern here against the enormous public benefit . 
  and we 're talking about something that you are doing in public already . 
  in my opinion you really do n't have to balance this . 
  if a company or a companies product contradicts german data protection laws they simply do n't go to business . 
  period . 
  like i pointed out earlier , i do . 
  u/umbama talked about faces being visible . 
  i ' e learned from many other encounters like this that i ( or maybe ` germans ' in general , at least the way i see it ) have a much more stricter view on privacy related issues . 
  i highly disagree with the argument you listed further down  surely anyone has the right to take photographs in public places . 
  corporations or otherwise . 
  restricting that would be ludicrous , next thing you know newspapers ca n't print photographs . 
  i think it 's not completely okay to be photographed in public just because you 're in public . 
  i would n't want to be visible on street view getting out of a sex shop or even in front of a restaurant . 
  why would i not care ? 
  i would n't know if nothing bad could come off it . 
  people were concerned about their faces being shown on street view . 
  that was before google voluntarily blurred the images . 
  if you look at our voting system it actually could influence the next election in september . 
  we have a 5 % treshold and if the * afd * ( maybe even among others , maybe even the * fdp * which is currently part of our administration ) do n't reach theses 5 % but rather 3 % ( they 're polling at this right now ) they 'll make the other parties stronger . 
  merkel 's * cdu * is polling at 42 % and if they get stronger and many parties ( also the pirate party ) fail to hurdle this treshold it might be even possible that teh * cdu * could form the administrative by themselves - unlikely if you ask me and i hope they do n't but to answer your question : they could have an significant influence on the election . 
  a joke that got lost . 
  why would i ask that ? 
  this is of course true ( what language do you actually speak ? ), 
  but you often hear about this especially about the u.s. . a friend was in a highschool exchange program and was asked if we hade electricity , cars and/or internet . 
  not that we invented some of that ... 
  immigration is still huge today in the u.s. 
  many people claim to * be irish * meaning * some of my ancestors were irish * . 
  there is a huge diversity in the u.s. 
  i 'm just puzzled that this does n't result in a huge interest for geography/ethnic origns . 
  i guess it 's their shitty education system or just ignoreance . 
  but what am i expecting of a nation that declares * themself * as * the greatest nation * or the * most free * whilst both is n't true and even more a ridiculous claim to begin with . 
  well i was n't joking . 
  only native americans are actually born there . 
  even if we let this mistake be i 'm still amazed by that ignorance . 
  so many ` what did we do to them ? '',
