  i 'm not sure about the accuracy of the site , i only checked inflation with another very credible site [ statista.de ] and they had similar numbers ) inflation : [ uk ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-kingdom/inflation-cpi ) [ germany ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/germany/inflation-cpi ) germany has less inflation since 2008 , steady rate somewhere between 1.8 and 2.2 percent on average , the uk is much more volatile probably at 3.0 and 3.3 percent on average . 
  gdp grwoth : [ uk ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-kingdom/gdp-growth-annual ) [ germany ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/germany/gdp-growth-annual ) germany took a greater hit than the uk but they vary between 1 and 3 percent , germany is most of the time in the positives and between 1 and 4 percent , at one spark they 're at 5 % . 
  unemployment rate : [ uk ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/united-kingdom/unemployment-rate ) [ germany ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/germany/unemployment-rate ) the uk did much better before the crisis than germany but took a huge leap at this point , it 's currently declining ( same as germanys ) but the uk had and has higher rates than germany . 
  ( i want to add that the unemployment voting is rigged in some countries , i 'm not sure about the uk but i can say that germany definitely uses tactics to polish it 's unemployment rate , so take that number with a grain of salt ) poverty is hard to measure , i ca n't find good statistics about that . 
  the way you portray it is wrong , at least when we compare germany and the uk . 
  there is a difference between ` spanking your child ' and ` no consequences ' though . 
  but that would suggest that they 'll gather data which could lead to relatively intelligent posts/discussions . 
  that 's not possible , better admit how you raped , strangled and burried your sisters cat with a confession bear and reap some karmas with that . 
  in which regard ? 
  guess what , your butt 's rating just fell from aa + to aa . 
  and yes , i can do that with the same authority as rating agencies . 
  wow , that 's some really useful talent there , you 're probably able to communicate with 70-80 % of the planet !, 
  i can only give you information about germany regarding the cost of studying . 
  you 'll usually have to pay adinistration fees only , that ranks from 150-250 $ . 
  at my uni you would pay 180 $ / semester , housing can be quite cheap ( for germany ) here too , maybe somewhere around 150-200 $ for a simple room . 
  but that 'd still mean that you 're probably in the 300-400 $ / month region at least . 
  the way i read it though suggest that you could be eligeble to * bafoeg * ( student support ) which can be up to 600 $ / month . 
  it depends on your citizenship , i assume you have portuguese citizenship , and on your/your familys income . 
  if you 're interested i could look into this more carefully ? 
  which languages do you know ? 
  and have you considered studying abroad ? 
  ( although that also requires money , this is why even 1000 $ tuition is too much , studying should be free of charge imho ) . 
  sucks to be in a catch 22 situation , you ca n't get a certification since you lack the money for it ( they 're really expensive sadly ) and you struggle to find something to pay for it because people do n't believe you . 
  have you researched if there are other ways to obtain such a certificate ? 
  maybe the non-official ones from universities or so will be less expensive ? 
  overpopulation , over 3 million people live in a limited working market . 
  even some high ( er ) skilled people are unemployed . 
  germany always looks so good in these employment statistics but when you consider what you wrote it really tells you how that is possible . 
  there is a company in my home town that produces dietary supplements ( and mostly not the ones you * need * but just the stuff for rich older woman ) and they only employ people on a 450 $ basis , either students or housewives and they 're making soo much money with this while paying a shit loan to their workers . 
  saves time , your w\u00f6rk brake is n't long enough to say * pommes frittes * . 
  do n't beat yourself up . 
  beat up your wife instead !, 
  i was just poking a fun because you listed common sterotypes . 
  a eu wide tax would help with that , no ? 
  i 'm not arguin that this ca n't be the case , just giving some perspective that it 's not only about effective spending and maybe even a question of what 's counted as ` social protection ' . 
  if denmark counts their student aid as social protection and sweden does n't ( and attributes it to the education budget for example ) than it 's no wonder that denmark is spending more in this regard . 
  it 's percentages so the size of the country should n't matter , no ? 
   since pretty much all the countries in the map have the same public services not every country has the same public services though , both in quantity and in quality . 
  i think i 'd rather be unemployed in denmark instead of france although both countries spend the same . 
  same thing can be said the other way around with another example . 
  i find it easier to explain it like saying ` o ' and ` e ' at the same time . 
  not really fast after each other but at the same time . 
  try it , works for me at least . 
  you 're probably also too drunk to notice . 
  can you explain why ? 
  because as i see it it might actually be the opposite . 
  if i started a business ( especially in the tech area ) and would have to pay the same corporate tax in the whole eu , i 'd probably prefer romania or the czech republic over countries with much costs . 
  skilled workers can be found pretty much everywhere , unless you want to start a high tech company . 
  can anyone explain what i 'm missing ? 
   but you have to understand the complete overhaul after 9.11 dictated that new techniques be used . 
  no i actually do n't understand that . 
  how can a nation that prides itself to be the land of the free just give away their rights and drag others with them ( i ca n't bring a bottle of water on a plane ) ? 
   it was the darkest hour for us intelligence when nobody had any answers on where those attacks came from the intelligence agencies had warnings , they just ignored them . 
   fear created the current system , and in the minds of americans our safety comes before your comfort . 
  and this is why i do n't appretiate the current relationship between germany and the us , our interest and rights are not considered and honestly trampled . 
  spare the apology , i do n't want it . 
  i want the spying to stop without any explanations why that wo n't be the case . 
  i do n't care about american paranoia when it 's violating my and millions of others rights . 
  haha , i was about to comment on that spiel is german , although you 'd capitalise the 's ' since it 's a noun , same with schadenfreude ( at least in german ) . 
  that 's probably true and would be a good purpose of this sub , but we ca n't have the old * i 'm going to tell you how these people are * spiel if we strive for that result . 
  i 'll look out for it . 
   `` americans ca n't comment on germany . '', 
  i did n't say that , i just commented on the fact that an * american * is telling others what * germans * are thinking . 
  i do n't think that 's really a good thing to do , especially when it 's a reply-reply to a comment of a german . 
  nice advice but sadly there are n't many sites that compare to reddit and even if they did they 'd be full of americans because people would have to agree on a common language ( i.e. 
  english ) and the us has the largest english speaking internet user base . 
  i do come here though to get more in touch about european topics with europeans . 
  * everyone is ignorant so we 're just keep on beng ignorant . 
  * good mantra , pal . 
   the nsa is supposed to spy on foreign countries - that 's the entire point of the agency . 
  that they are supposed or advised to do this does n't make it right . 
  it 's an universial human right to have privacy , the nsa and therefore the us violates this right every single day . 
  i 'm talking about mass surveillance here , i do n't propose an ending of all targeted surveillance , i 'm not delusional . 
  if you 're okay with the nsa spying on everyone on the planet but americans then you 're a self-centered asshole in my eyes , sorry . 
  when ( i 'm not using an * if * here although i doubt that the bnd can do anything remotely of the scale of the nsa ) german agencies do that i 'm against this also , not just against their spying on germans , because i recognise that it 's the right of every human being to have basic privacy . 
  i 've honestly never heard someone from eastern europe complain about germans not caring , maybe i just did n't look properly but i doubt that it happens very often . 
  oh sure , the us is so opressed with the little hegemonic power they have / s, 
  and the cold war is still going on ? 
  certainly , yes . 
  like i said , a threat from outside of the eu . 
  but i actually think that putins power trip will wear off sooner than later . 
  well that 's definitely debateable , i would agree that there is no threat from inside of europe which is a huge accomplishment of it 's own , the potential threat is comming from outside of europe ( yeah russia has an european part , okay okay ) . 
  no i would n't say that , it 's not really smart to say that in any situation . 
   you realize europe exists outside of germany which is bordered by nato and eu countries ? 
  well we also border switzerland so it 's not all safe and cozy here either , 
  it can be a problem or interest of the us or us-americans , i just do n't think that it 's appropriate for an american to tell other people how germans feel . 
  i definitely care about what happens east of the german border , why would i not care ? 
  you were the one that told / u/mkvtired how germans feel while having an american flair ... 
  just my limited experience on reddit for example , i often hear people complain about the nsa spying on * americans * rather than on everyone . 
  we even had protest in germany against the spying and these protests are n't limited on the spying on germans . 
  and you need a multi billion dollar program to defend that border ? 
  i love how americans come to this sub to tell us what europe is about . 
  that 's another issue and that should be tackled individually , yes . 
  i 'm against the mass surveillance of people in general not just the people of my home country , that seems to be the difference between americans and germans for example . 
  facing * north * ? 
  what are they afraid of , icebears or white walkers ? 
  it certainly wo n't end but they seem to need a sign that this is not accepted . 
  against whom is canada supposed to defend ? 
  they only have one border and it 's with you guys . 
  you realise that not everyone needs or is interested in having a large military , right ?
