  but even with the congress elections it 's kind of doubtful , the us has such a closed party system . 
  gosh i hate germans , they always bring up hitler . 
  on a serious note : i do n't think he was being really serious , i would n't see a reason for it at least . 
  they 're okay on a world stage , it 's just really hard to compete against all the european teams . 
  next referendum : should scotland move to central america ? 
  which is why the us can be seen as not fully democratic . 
  this is definitely a high turnout , although that 's not unusual for small countries / ` voting areas ' and highly controversial topics . 
  scots should be proud of that , a huge part of their people care for what happens to their country , seeing this turnout makes me happy ( we just had three state elections with 48-54 % voter turnout , that 's a disgrace ) . 
  you do n't have to apologize to me but rather that other guy . 
  or just refrain from using this hateful speech . 
  no harm done towards me . 
  i do mind comments like  two dictatorships unite just to wreck poland  fun times, 
  well that 's not what russians do , though . 
  they just ignore the rest , the bad things , you stated that . 
  ca n't believe i 'm even talking about this . 
  the nazis and the sowjets commited a huge amount of atrocities , if you 're proud of them or you willfully ignore them you 're a mad man . 
  how 's that working out for you ? 
  well i cited a / r/mapporn post that had many people in the thread calling out this inaccuracy , sorry about that . 
  i 'm saying that he would 've done it if he were president , he was / certainly okay with invading/droning other countries . 
   if there were widespread popular support for independence and the federal government outright refused it , i would fight for independence . 
  and why is that ? 
  what makes you want to leave so badly ? 
   we 're probably the only country on earth with a constitution literally set in stone , with no legal way to change it . 
  that 's not normal . 
  that 's not true , it 's not set in stone , only certain parts . 
  it just was n't considered that some states would want to leave the federation . 
   russians prefer to skip the rapings and katyn part and talk about taking down the nazi regime . 
  that 's blatantly ignorant , should germans be proud of their wrongdoings because they were wearing some pretty [ neat uniforms ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/29/bundesarchiv_bild_146-2008-0276,_hans_heinrich_lammers.jpg ) while commiting atrocities ? 
   there is not much glory for germany in this war , they came off as the bad guys . 
  well probably because they were . 
  useless movement though , it 's impossible to leave the federation due to the gg , you 'd need a war . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  that would mean we 'd have to definie a word for a win-win where you win a third time . 
  i 'd totally vote for that !, 
   we should let hitler finish you off fuck right off . 
   4 . nazi years are considered shameful and are rarely talked about believe it or not but most people will consider this a good thing . 
  russians should n't be proud of these days either , they too had gulags and russian soldiers raped woman after the invasion of germany like it was nobodys busines . 
  what kind of psychopath would be proud of that ? 
  not sure if that 's the right one but ireland got independence in 1916 . 
   it does n't really matter what we decide for our currency ( if the uk really does n't let us have a currency union ) because they are all viable options . 
  this is a major reason why i 'm interested in an independent scotland , i 'd love to see all these processes , setting up a currency or sharing one , the whole diplomatic relations being build all that jazz . 
  i 'm so excited for the turnout !, 
   al gore would , for instance , not have attacked iraq with fabricated evidence ; that was a neocon idea . 
  obama would likely have though . 
  al gore was an outlier to be honest , you do n't find many like him in the higher ranks of american politics . 
   fptp mathematically always leads to to two-party system , which is not that different from one-party in reality ( just look at us ) . 
  i get what you 're saying , you 're talking about basically * one * ideology , but i 'd hesitate to call that a one-party-system , which would mean that it 's a autocratic regime . 
  so you 're born in the usa . 
  that makes you an us-american . 
  i just find the us-americans attitude of pointing out their heritage and claiming they 're german/irish/italian when they clearly are n't ridiculous and that 's the general consensus here . 
  you 'd get weird looks if you were in germany and told everyone that you 're german , you have german heritage . 
   i 'm first-generation german . 
  that 's what you wrote . 
  i just wanted to show you that you 're not german , by any means . 
  do you even speak german or have you been to germany ? 
  which still does n't make you german , only non-american by your standards . 
  i doubt that they did anything illegal on paper , probably all similar to how germany sells tanks to the saudis and they sell it to the people that the government ca n't sell it to directly . 
  he 's probably also as * ` german ' * as the * ` irish ' * in boston . 
  oh man this is all so confusing , maybe we should try this use thing after all , everything 's shared then . 
  thanks for the reply , that 's really cool although i 'm not sure if i had a use for it . 
  that 's really awesome , 
  wait so when that 's done i 'll be able to order an estonian id although i 'm not a citizen ? 
  what is this laughing your speaking of ? 
  not another plague i hope . . 
  i did n't realise that the netherlands were so importnt for the german economy , especially nrw . 
  it 's ze most peautiful language in ze world , is n't it ? 
  i hope the tourist are n't that bad , my sister was visiting just last week , 
  wow , that 's crazy . 
  i love the diversity you can find in europe . 
  i like you guys too , i just think that germany has stronger ties to the netherlands because many germans go there for vacation . 
  and they used to be our rivals ( mostly in football ) so it 's a enemies becoming friends story . 
  much better than a `` we never had a problem with them ( well post 1945 : s ) and they have great beer , chocolate and waffles , 
   the population density of drenthe is still 186 people / square kilometre , whereas the population density of europe overall is only 72 people / square kilometre . 
  well that also includes large areas in sweden or romania . 
  but fuck , i live in an area that has about 223 inhabitants/km \u00b2 and it 's one of the most densly populated areas in germany . 
  kind of funny to have a `` wait , people live here '' area in one of the most densly populated countries on earth . 
  also the description for germany is very much true for most germans , you 're my favourite neighbour , 
  especially when you create the term `` third worlders '' . 
  / r/europe has a few sensitive topics , this seems to be one of them . 
  i 'd like to agree with both of you , and i do n't think that / u/fredelsloh is disagreeing with you , we need an eu-wide immigration policy , italy/cyprus should n't deal with this all by themselves . 
  replied to that in another comment . 
  you are right . 
  both technologies should be developed but only working solutions should be used . 
  it 's also important that the people are involved in this process , many people put solar panels on their roofs , energy productions in the hands of average people is the best solution . 
  i get all my power trough renewable power by choice , it 's probably a little bit more expensive than some what other suppliers can offer but i believe in that and it 's all local . 
  so all you can give me is possibilities for the future . 
  that 's why i oppose nuclear energy . 
  we have n't figured it out completely today ( that means all steps from production to waste handling ) . 
  if we know that it can be a viable option . 
  see this reply . 
  even the first point shows that this is not a sufficient solution , how is a few centuries of nuclear waste a viable option when we do n't know where to store the waste ? 
  and they are not expected to be available before 2030 ( which means that they wo n't be around until 2045 , let 's be honest ) . 
  i hope we 're on 100 % renewables until then . 
  even if the plants do n't ` blow up ' ( it is unlikely but there have been some small accidents even in german power plants ) what do we do with the waste at the end of the day ? 
  no thanks , i 'd much rather invest into renewable energies so that we do n't rely on anyone . 
  also : what do we do with the nuclear waste again ? 
  how am i supposed to answer your question though ? 
  that would be like asking you about the weather in germany right now , would n't it ? 
  why do you ask me this when you have an us flair ? 
  also a false friend in german .
