oh yes , of course , especially on cigarettes which will probably be the normal european price of around 5-6 $ in 5 or so years . 
  a few members of my family are actors , who sometimes do street performances , and they say , that the most money they 've ever made from doing street performing was in january of 2007 ( when we switched to the $ ) . 
  people had little feeling for the value of small amounts of money , like a 2 $ coin , because the conversion rate was so high ( 239.64 sit for 1 $ ) . 
  after a few months people got used to it though . 
  nowadays people generally only convert back to sit to show how much more expensive everything is . 
  just last week a taxi driver told me , that back when he was in highschool his father would give him 500 sit ( ~ 2 $ ) and he would have enough money for cigarettes and 2 beers , whereas today those same things would cost 8 - 9 $ . 
  war and peace ? 
  crime and punishment ? 
  eugene onegin ? 
  this might not be don quixote , the stranger , or the oddysey , but these works are some of the best works of their respective times . 
  hell , the fact they 're standart literature curriculum all over the world should be enough to show that these are world class authors . 
  they do n't . 
  in fact , compared to what i 've seen in southern italy ... 
  i will quote my comment from the thread higher up which is hidden due to downvotes  [ ... ] but you can not say that authors suchs as tolstoy , pushkin , lermontov , dostoevsky , gogol , bunin ... or composers like mussorgski , tchaikovsky , rachmaninoff , rimsky-korsakov , prokofiev ... have not been influenced or have not influenced the further development of the culture that we today consider european and western . 
  i do n't see with which part of my comment you disagree with . 
  i 'm not a fan of what russia is doing today or what it has done in the past , but you can not say that authors such as tolstoy , pushkin , lermontov , dostoevsky , gogol , bunin ... or composers like mussorgski , tchaikovsky , rachmaninoff , rimsky-korsakov , prokofiev ... have not been influenced or have not influenced the further development of the culture that we today consider european and western . 
  ehm ... 40 % of europe is in russia . 
  a very large majority of russians live in the european part of russia . 
  their works of literature and classical music are some of the most important parts of european culture . 
  true , but the op argues that every succesor country is worse off today than it was back in yugoslavia . 
  i thought he was a vice-president to the european commision now ? 
  republic of slovenia today is objectively better than socialist republic of slovenia was in 1990 . 
  anyone claiming otherwise is full of nostalgic bullshit . 
  wages are higher , standard of living is higher , ihdi/hdi is higher , life expectancy is higher , education possibilities are better ... sure we got hit hard by the crisis , but people today on average live way better than they did 25 years ago . 
  edit : not to mention the fact that srs produced 25 % of the country 's budget with 8 % of the population . 
  instead of american * . 
  all the trash left by partying students on saturday mornings , though ( the city is widely populated by students due to the city 's large university ) . 
  so , what you 're saying is that you 're not responsible enough to handle alcohol until you 're 21 , but joining the army or owning firearms , is perfectly ok to do at 18 ? 
  hah , if only they counted serbo-croatian as 4 languages . 
   as a slovene watching it it was tragic/comedic at the same time , how our own goverment can allow such unfit people to candidate for such important european positions . 
  this is just the point though , is n't it ? 
  the new government disagreed on sending bratu\u0161ek to brussels , it 's why her party left the coalition talks . 
  she nominated herself when she was still pm . 
  pathetic . 
  nominating herself and thinking brussels would somehow ignore this . 
  she was not . 
  the eu parliament is sufficiently staffed with interpreters . 
  sigh ... 
  there 's nothing wrong with the fact it 's muslim ... all i 'm saying is that the city has not been restored to what it previously was , due to the fact it was renovated largely by using money donated from arab states and i thought people going there should be aware , that the city today has a very different feel than what it had 30 years ago . 
  it also shows why there are fewer destroyed building left in the federation of bosnia and hercegovina as opposed to republika srpska . 
  also - nationalism in slovenia ? 
  what ? 
  [ yeah ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmi8y_gvwd8 ), 
  i suppose that 's true , i do n't really meet many brits here , the place is full of austrians , germans , americans and the japanese so i guess different nationalities vacation in different places . 
  [ this one ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9sqzltsfp8 ) bulgarian turbofolk , nsfw . 
  every tourist season in ljubljana and slovenia in general since 2004 has been a record season , recession and all . 
  hell , if you go through the center at the height of the season over half of people are tourists and it 's the same for nightclubs in the evenings . 
  sarajevo is great though . 
  it 's turned into a muslim city , but back in yugoslavia it was as much a cosmopolitan city as a place in the balkans could be . 
  it 's also really , really cheap . 
  what ? 
  all clinical phsychologists work using psychotherapy , they do n't perscribe medications . 
  psychiatrists do both . 
  late spring or early autumn if the weather prediction is good . 
  this year it was horrible , though , but that was an exception . 
  it will probably get too hot at the height of summer , unless you 're visiting the seaside , which is something i highly recommend , but it 's not something you should base your visit around ( it 's too small , albeit rather nice ) . 
  ugh , this article is just so messy , lumping everything and everyone together . 
  i think it 's trying to show eastern germany only ( ddr ) . 
  energija is missing . 
  edit : [ this one shows it in all official eu languges . 
  these are all countries , not cities . 
  well save for monaco and luxembourg , seeing as how the name of the country is the same as the name of their capitals . 
  i can only speak for ljubljana , but that 's where you 'll be situated , so that 's ok . weed is in that grey area of the law , where it 's not illegal to be high , but it is illegal for weed to be found in your posession . 
  i 've never yet been caught , have been searched a few times , but had nothing on me . 
  buying weed without speaking slovene is possible , you just have to either know somebody , or go to [ metelkova city ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/metelkova ) in the evening and ask someone , who looks like they might have something on them ( more or less everyone does , people are smoking right there in the open ) ( especially on fridays ) . 
  as far as prices are concerned , the price per gram falls as the amount you buy increases . 
  the price for one gram is 10 $ . 
  the price for 2 grams is around 15 $ , the price for 3g is 20 $ , 5g is 35 $ and 10g is 65 $ . 
  these prices are pretty much the same no matter which dealer you go to . 
  the weed is generally good , but occasionally you may get something which is sub-par quality wise . 
  edit : you may also pm me when you 'll be here and if i 'll be able to help you i gladly will . 
  again , it depends . 
  a simple vodka + redbull or gin + tonic will probably cost around 4 $ - 5.5 $ . 
  a cuba libre around 6 $ - 7 $ and a long island ice tea will be around 10 $ . 
  this is for nighclubs though , if you get them in bars they are cheaper . 
  of course night clubs also offer you the ` boat ' variant , where a bottle of vodka ( 1 l ) + 5 redbulls will cost you around 90 $ - 120 $ ( i do not recommend this , however ) . 
  well , bled is rather rural , but it 's a must-see in slovenia and tourists flock there en masse , so it 's one of our more expensive destinations . 
  this is unadjusted for ppp . 
  well , it depends . 
  supermarket price for our two main beers ( union and la\u0161ko ) is 1.09 $ per half litre right now , so it might go up or down a few cents untill next year . 
  the prices will be equal though , because the same company owns both breweries . 
  as far as bars and restaurants are concerned a half litre of the same beer will cost you anywhere from 2 $ - 4 $ ( the most common price is around 3 $ + - 0.5 $ ) for half a litre , depending on your distance from the city centre and how fancy the bar is ( this is in ljubljana , other larger cities and touristy areas , save for [ portoro\u017e ] ( http://www.ananina.com/pic_portoroz06_full.jpg ) where you could pay even more ) . 
  you will pay more for imported beers except for czech beers , which are usually the same price ( so think corona , guiness , erdinger , duvel , augustiner ... will all be more expensive ( from 3 $ - 6 $ ( around 4 $ most of the time , the bar i frequent sells tap guiness for 3,80 $ and is about 2km out of the city centre ) ) ) . 
  oh yeah , and alcohol gets expensive in night clubs , so keep that in mind . 
  if you find yourself in rural areas , you might get it as cheap as 1,5 $ , possibly even cheaper , though you will have to really search hard . 
  enjoy your time here , 
  oh yes , they sell them here as well and a few of my favourite places have them on tap , 
  yes , it was this one . 
  we opted for the slightly more expensive combo of kozel and staro/zlatopramen , which was undoubtetly better . 
  it was meant as a joke . 
  i 'm aware of better dutch beers . 
  it 's just that heineken is so succesful due to ridiculously well done marketing . 
  i was astounded at prices of beer in brno . 
  4 $ for a big lunch and 0,5 l of beer ( the beer itself was around 30kr ( ~ 1 $ ) ) . 
  we had to communicate in a weird mix between slovene and czech though , because the waitress did n't speak any english or german . 
  hella fun , do recommend . 
  edit : i just remembered that in a supermarket in prague a 0,5 l bottle of the cheapest beer they had was 0.20 $ . 
  well then we might as well call ourselves german ...
