i salute you . 
  out of the ~ 10 people responding , only you understood it was a joke . 
  it might be a shitty one on its own . 
  but i think it 's pretty good at showing the absurdity of the current policy . 
  but it 's not mass murder . 
  it 's mass saving . 
  statistically , we 'll save way more people in the end than compared to the current policy . 
  you are against saving lives ? 
  this is spot on . 
  russia may be following a flawed ideology but their actions within the context of that ideology are completely rational . 
  nothing idiotic or crazy about it . 
  now some people say -- russians are just crazy so can be ignored . 
  sure , but they also have a bunch of tanks and nukes . 
  and we ( ee ) do n't . 
  thank god for the low oil price at least . 
  yeah . 
  pickled cucumber . 
  the only `` aid '' allowed in that part of the competition . 
  whether they teach swimming or not has no relevance . 
  most deaths happen in this swimming competition : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8gprzfzrvp0, 
  so far this year we 've had only 25 drownings . 
  same time last year we had 52 . 
  i blame the terribly cold and rainy summer . 
  +9 c outside right now . 
  kind of ruins the mood for a late night summer swim . 
  which is exactly the point they are trying to contest . 
  remember , the kidnapping happened only a couple of days after the us president 's visit here . 
  i do n't think that was a coincidence . 
  we are not `` the world '' . 
  our influence is quite limited . 
  and our foreign allies also have to consider a case that russians come up with a video of kohver actually crossing the border -- making backing us up a bit dangerous . 
  also , a spy swap is a showing of weakness -- yielding to us is something they will never do . 
  and it does not fit at all into their narrative of evil faschist estonia . 
  the more of their spys we catch and imprison the more evil they can portray us . 
  as such the spys are used as propaganda pieces , on show in prison . 
  and , btw , our own official standing says that kohver is actually not a spy but dealt with cross-border crime and smuggling . 
  you know , i wish i was wrong . 
  but this is the reality we have to deal with . 
  you are terribly naive . 
  spys are swapped between equal powers . 
  we are a puny border country . 
  they are going to fuck with us as much as they can . 
  `` an accident '' is quite possible though . 
  a terminal accident . 
  would fit right into their agenda . 
  anyone who believes in sky fairies or thinks that everyone should wipe their asses exactly as taught by some random bearded guy more than a 1000 years ago is not a terribly bright person . 
  what more explanation do you need ? 
  now give such a bunch of retarded savages some guns and anarchy ensues . 
  as for me , i do n't really fear `` radical islam '' as a religion . 
  it 's a non-issue . 
  no , they are not about to conquer us all . 
  do n't believe the media fear train . 
  all they can really do is blow up the occasional airplane . 
  rather i think more pressing is the ideological decline of the occident . 
  everything is being replaced by institutional mediocrity . 
  the sharpness and wit of people is disappearing . 
  we , the civilised world , will only lose if we lose our will to live . 
  preserve that will , and everything will be just fine . 
  in this thread , to sum it up , i found out that poland has american masters , is being controlled by fsb and its leaders are in the pocket of germany . 
  way to go poland . 
  actually , until 2012 , poland had enough fissile material for about 5-10 nukes ( takes about 25kg of heu for a bomb ) . 
  [ but you returned it all to putin . 
  ] ( http://fissilematerials.org/blog/2012/09/heu_fuel_removed_from_pol.html ) i guess he 's really happy about that . 
  even if you break treaties , so what ? 
  treaties that are of no use to you should not be followed . 
  page out of putin 's book . 
  from any serious big state 's book . 
  poland is big . 
  poland is powerful . 
  act like it . 
  or do you think the eu will put sanctions on you ? 
  never will happen . 
  all you 'll get will be a sternly worded letter . 
  and the rest of us here will back you up . 
  i would totally contribute . 
  our american masters are much more pragmatic than you think . 
  of course , unofficially , when it comes to nukes . 
  while the american umbrella is nice , i do n't like the feeling of being dependent . 
  also , should anything serious happen , say a war in the asia-pacific , things might end up really bad for all of us here . 
  i think poland has plenty of history showing what happens when you are depending on allies . 
  us might also turn towards isolationism . 
  it just takes one election . 
  `` why should we bleed for the lazy eastern-europeans , etc. '' . 
  and being paralysed by fear of fsb is not good either . 
  that 's what they want , do n't indulge them . 
  build up your counter-intelligence and regain some confidence . 
  poland should develop their own nuclear weapons and missile technology . 
  this should provide the eastern europe with long-term peace and act as a counter to rabid russian imperialism . 
  [ here you are ] ( http://www.ibiblio.org/hyperwar/usa/ref/fm/pdfs/fm5-15.44.pdf ) , please see pages between 39 and 44 for inspiration . 
  and you do n't need 3 meter thick walls , but if you insist , you may . 
  [ first hit on youtube search ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oiy80jgb26q&amp;t=3m20s ) , i 'm sure there are better videos there . 
  or what did you expect ? 
  now the dude estimates that a 3mx3m = 9m ^ 2 section costs about $ 30 . 
  i wonder how much the barracuda costs for the same amount . 
  my bet is that about a several hundred times that much . 
  now barracuda may be awesome , but if you have only x money , it 's probably not a wise investment . 
  unless you 're selling them to rabidly illiterate dictators or corrupt clueless governments . 
  let me highlight the relevant section to help with your reading comprehension problem . 
   and i bet the dirt you can pile up locally is way cheaper than any of this stuff . 
  ** even if you need more dirt ** .
