  and as for bystanders getting hurt -- why do you think it was like that here -- bystanders were not directly targeted . 
  all i got was emotional trauma . 
  and i bet so are many people in malmo right now . 
  i need to start from a bit roundabout way . 
  there is a reason why russia is called a `` mafia state '' . 
  but this is not a recent phenomena -- the russian kgb has always recruited their people from among the ranks of criminals , using committed crimes as a sort of leverage and keeping everyone in line with a combined threat of law and violence . 
  now with the destruction of soviet union , this structure of control collapsed and what resulted was anarchy , often with the former kgb people as centre players . 
  the police force of the restored republic lacked resources , people , training and was also corrupt , so it took quite a few years to bring things to order . 
  the second motive was of course opportunity , as great wealth could now be made ; for example by selling scrap metal to west . 
  by monopolising some line of business and literally killing off your competition ( for example , in 1994 there were at least 364 mob related murders ) , one could quickly amass a lot of money . 
  malm\u00f6 is now like [ tallinn of the early 90s ] ( http://i.imgur.com/apco0yi.png ) . 
  scary times . 
  once had a bomb go off 30m away from me , under someone 's posh car . 
  still remember it vividly . 
  maybe the swedish police should ask help from our guys as we got it under control pretty well . 
  i wonder how common crime related bombings are elsewhere . 
  last year we had no explosions , but this year we already had a fatality , probably not criminal gang fights related though . 
  vodka, 
  poland should develop their own nuclear weapons . 
  would be good for long-term peace in this area . 
  nukes are good for peace . 
  wow i remember those as well . 
  watching macgyver , knight rider ( ritari \u00c4ss\u00e4 ) and star trek from the finnish tv . 
  i thought those clips were funny but had no idea what they were about ( was a stupid kid ) . 
  source is written at the bottom of the image . 
  here they are also in text form : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_hiv/aids_adult_prevalence_rate https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_population_ ( united_nations ), 
  [ here you are . 
  but ( most ) countries are individually small , need a different set of labels , different kind of adaptation to the local culture/competition , different set of ads and marketing campaigns , different set of legal teams , etc. 
  -- so overhead is still there . 
  you ca n't take the east as `` one single market '' . 
  and the buying power is much smaller -- people are poorer -- which means that most people will go for the cheapest product no matter the brand or quality . 
  if you want to make money , you got to cater to those people . 
  hence we arrive at the problem of this complaint . 
  in time , things will improve . 
  but as people get used to inferior components ( food industry ) , bringing `` real '' quality back might be impossible . 
  so sweets made with real butter and honey will be but a memory of grandfathers . 
  this is just capitalism . 
  the eastern market is small . 
  so they double the fillers . 
  and double the price . 
  and we get a double-whammy . 
  and i would n't say that the locally produced products are any better . 
  i 've seen and tasted and felt a massive `` commercial devaluation '' through the last two decades . 
  each year packages are bigger , but weigh less -- portions are smaller , the amount of filler components is increased , quality components are replaced by cheap garbage that might feel good on first try but has a nasty aftertaste . 
  and then the entire brand is retired and 8 new ones introduced . 
  the brand recycling is speeding up as well . 
  i can buy 50 different types of toothpaste , in 6 brands , owned by two companies , made in one factory . 
  drives me insane . 
  but this is just capitalism . 
  to be expected . 
  what infuriates me is that i ca n't buy quality . 
  as it 's more expensive , very few people are actually willing to buy it , so noone sells it . 
  i guess this is a provincial rant . 
  i miss my coffee , the fuckers are barely using any of the original good beans :( there are no more constants , got to get used to that , just need to search for something `` new '' , get hooked , and suffer the coming devaluation as profits are taken out at the second half of the brand lifecycle . 
  actually you are to the right . 
  but no worries . 
  i reformatted it for [ easier reading ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ua0bugt.png ) . 
  based on the listed examples at [ google privacy report ] ( https://www.google.com/transparencyreport/removals/europeprivacy/ ) , it appears that is so . 
  but mind here , this does not wipe the internet , just the search results for your name . 
  i think it would be good for the long-term european security if poland developed their own nuclear weapons . 
  i think that many here have the wrong idea about people `` wanting '' a grexit . 
  as if these people were engaged in some sort of schadenfreude or something . 
  this is like amputating your foot . 
  who 'd want to amputate their foot ? 
  but gangrene has set in , it is visibly rotting and a shot of antibiotics is clearly not going to cut it . 
  there are only bad options left . 
  it is not a pleasurable decision . 
  taking a bit of morphine and pretending that everything is fine is not going to end up well in the long term . 
  this is all insane . 
  greece needs to exit the eurozone . 
  and we need rules so everyone knows their place when something like this is about to happen again . 
  i 'm all for turning the other cheek . 
  but we 've run out of cheeks here . 
  unless you all want to start saving now for the fourth greek bailout . 
  what is more , the greek people do n't want this , the other ez countries people do n't want this . 
  and in a year we 'll probably have a new greek government that will do another u-turn ramping the insanity meter up even more notches . 
  perhaps i am just feeding the troll . 
  i took his comment in the context of the topic at hand , which is tsirpas ' response to verhofstadt 's speech . 
  ep is the most democratic institution in the eu . 
  they represent the people who have elected them there . 
  and they made it very clear what the democratic will of the 507 million eu citizens is . 
  now you may not like it , but it is what it is . 
  if anyone wrote a comment like that here . 
  they would be downvoted to -1 . 
  actually . 
  probably 9/10 meps would end up like that here if they put up comments similar to their speaches today . 
  austerity is not an end . 
  it is the means to an end . 
  and greece did not really implement austerity in earnest but only superficially -- getting now the worst result possible for everyone involved . 
  years wasted . 
  clearly , austerity in greece does not work as they are not capable of implementing it . 
  it is not the right path . 
  there are other means to the same end -- grexit , devaluation and possibly hyperinflation wiping all the greek savings . 
  this is their road now , no alternatives left . 
  i think he said `` golden general '' or something ? 
  was that a reference to the golden dawn ? 
  would you die for your country ? 
  or would you change `` your country '' , that is would you emigrate , like you change socks if things became difficult ? 
  you see , nationalism is necessary for self-preservation . 
  in the face of an enemy , banding together and defending yourself .
