he 's a good politician , he just deflects every piece of blame off of him onto someone else . 
  nick clegg and the lib dems were blamed for all the bad aspects of the coalition , and cameron is getting osborne , may , morgan and hunt to take the flack for unpopular policies in this government . 
  i think the only thing that could derail him is if he lost the eu referendum and his own party decided to oust him . 
  agreed , my friend says fptp is a good thing because it keeps governments strong and keeps parties like ukip out , but i just do n't understand how it is fair that so many people 's votes are just disregarded . 
  i 'd prefer to have a coalition than a single-party government as well , it allows more people 's views to be represented in a government . 
  theoretically , under fptp , a party could win just over 17 % of the vote in a constituency ( if all six major parties competed for it ) and get to represent every single constituent in that seat , even though 82 . something % did n't vote for them . 
  how ludicrous that is . 
  there are n't enough seats for every mp , so some have to stand at the sides . 
  this is n't usually a problem as mps are n't actually obliged to turn up , but for big votes or pmqs it 's usually overcrowded . 
  say what you want about the tories , but how they 've managed to make everything work out in their favour since 2010 is impressive , if it was n't so sad . 
  i think my one dying wish would be for electoral reform , i hate a lot about our country but i hate more than anything else an undemocratic voting system . 
  it 's such a shame that the public do n't know enough about it/are misled by the dominant parties . 
  yeah i see that , sorry i thought you were talking about violent uprising aha !, 
  no i agree , this sort of stuff is dangerous . 
  tensions are extremely high and newspapers like this need to start thinking that their actions have consequences . 
  ugh , so depressing . 
  rupert murdoch literally has more power than most of our government . 
  well , not if the regulators stop them . 
  they ca n't print if the regulators stop them from doing so . 
  it 's weird . 
  ukip are basically conservatives dressed in purple , with even more eurosceptic views , but somehow they 've been portrayed as men and women of the people and attracted a lot of ex-labour voters . 
  got ta say whoever farage 's spin doctor is , he 's done a great job . 
  i do n't think you 'll ever see a british uprising ever . 
  it 's just not in our character . 
  even during days of huge unemployment and the dole back in the 1930s after the great depression , people never tried to take up arms and overthrow the government . 
  closest we ever got to anything resembling a ` revolution ' was when one guy waved a red flag at the battle of george square in 1919 . 
  the express is just ran by fatcats who know whatever happens with brexit they 'll be fine and wish that britain still had an empire . 
  you say rolling back austerity , they 're still going ahead with cuts to welfare and benefits . 
  the only thing they 've said is that they will build more homes . 
  i bet the majority of these ` new homes ' turn out to be # 400,000 and in the middle of the countryside that will be left empty until the government decide to sell them to some chinese/russian/middle eastern investors . 
  plus when brexit hits all the big businesses here theresa will be forced to extend austerity i bet . 
  i 'm a remainer , i wanted to stay in the eu and the fact that brexit is a reality is devastating me . 
  but , i can understand why some people did not feel the deal that our former prime minister got for us was not enough . 
  i like the theory of free movement , and in practice , for the most part , it works . 
  but brits are far less likely to go and work in the baltics and in romania and bulgaria than citizens from those countries are to come and start a new life in britain . 
  it 's not balanced , not like it was when the european project began and all members were pretty much equal ( or there abouts ) in economic terms . 
  furthermore , you 've got the refugee crisis which a lot of us are worried about . 
  we want to accept refugees that are in trouble and are fleeing their homes into this country . 
  but after what 's been happening in france and belgium at the end of last year , having an open door policy is just not practical . 
  immigration is something that the eu were never going to compromise on and that 's fair enough , i understand that . 
  but in britain , there 's long been worries about immigration , it 's been an issue for many years and i think , at the end of the day , if the eu and uk could n't come to an agreement about it , brexit was the only solution . 
  but you want independence , no ? 
  how come your not an snp supporter when you want independence ? 
  scottish green supporter maybe ? 
  i think amber rudd 's policies are disgusting and quite honestly stupid , but you ca n't compare brexit to the start of the holocaust . 
  that 's just offensive . 
  why though , because it does n't fit with your narrative ? 
  it 's true . 
  you do n't need to sneak out . 
  we understand that the majority of scotland is interested in having its voice heard by the rest of the uk , the snp are by far the most popular party in scotland so we all understand that there 's appetite for autonomy and independence . 
  the snp will table an independence referendum at some point soon . 
  if the country wants out , then so be it . 
  but you do n't need to keep harping on from the sidelines about how scotland 's interests are n't being considered because , for a group of 6 million people in a country of 65 million people , you get far more special treatment with us than you will get on your own . 
  i 'm a remainer and i fully sympathise with the scottish people who ( mostly ) voted to stay in the european union . 
  we get you want to leave , the snp will get you your second referendum , just make sure you vote out this time . 
  yep . 
  you can blame the conservatives all you want , but it 's the mindless masses that keep believing the shite that the daily mail and telegraph tell us and keep voting them in . 
   the more the uk is prepared to do a hard brexit , the better the negotiation goes in my view . 
  what ? 
  how ? 
  if we go for a hard brexit , the eu will just tell us to piss off . 
  they hold all the cards virtually . 
  without us , they wo n't struggle , they 'll be fine . 
  we , on the other hand , will be well and truly fucked . 
  see , i ca n't even say that this is the media pushing these policies . 
  so many people , from all classes and areas of british society , think these policies are a good thing . 
  it 's upsetting that my country is turning into this . 
  unsurprising really . 
  quite extraordinary how our population , and politicians , have basically shot ourselves in the face . 
  you mean culturally and economically ? 
  minor differences really , it would n't be much of a problem to reunite them apart from the religious and political aspects really . 
  there is though . 
  has it though ? 
  we do want something to do with europe , we want to cooperate and we want to work with europe . 
  we just do n't want to be in the eu . 
  i think most britons would rather not have any of the benefits of eu/eea membership if it meant we were n't constrained by any of its rules . 
  but that does n't mean we do n't want to cooperate with europe . 
  i 'm a remainer but come on man , to say britain just wants to cut its ties completely with europe is silly . 
  if the northern irish want to reunite with ireland , then so be it . 
  would be ironic/upsetting if the brexiteers did all this to try and put britain back into the spotlight but just ended up losing half our nations instead . 
  to be honest , i think all anyone wants is a peaceful conclusion for northern ireland . 
  i do genuinely think that they will reunite with ireland one day . 
  i would n't be surprised if brexit has just hastened this process . 
  the repayment scheme is n't that bad though . 
  only if you 're earning over # 21,000 / year and it 's written off after 30 . 
  the rate of pay as well means that you wo n't pay them back fully until you 're earning # 70,000 + . 
  to be honest , i see from his point of view that allowing people a say on such an important institution , especially in a time of such controversy . 
  but bloody hell , he should 've introduced some safeguards . 
  a supermajority , requirement to hold a second referendum on a final deal or something like that . 
  52 % is a technical majority , but having less than 2 % deciding to change the course of our country so drastically ( especially when most are uninformed ) is ridiculous . 
  if you want to avoid sensationalism in our media , the daily mail is the first place to start . 
  a disgusting group of bigots , racists and right-wingers . 
  generally avoid most british newspapers to be honest . 
  the sun and the daily mail are the worst , the daily mirror is also worth ignoring if you want decent news . 
  the independent and the guardian have sadly become a bit more sensationalist recently as well , although to the left instead of the right . 
  because they see it as more efficient . 
  you 've got to remember most tories are wealthy enough to afford private healthcare anyway and probably do n't even use the nhs . 
  the nhs is a socialistic , inefficient method of healthcare to them , hence it should be destroyed and replaced with an insurance based system . 
  i 'm a remainer and i loathe the daily mail . 
  but , i think it would 've been obvious even in the 1970s that the paper would never support an organisation that allows complete free immigration from the ex-eastern bloc .
