  it just completely goes against the paper 's political stance . 
  62 % is a pretty overwhelming vote of approval for the eu , though . 
  if leavers begin to claim that 38 % of scots are being ignored , they should probably note that 48 % of remainers are being blatantly ignored as they steamroll towards hard brexit . 
  you could argue that the large number of yes votes in the 2014 referendum is a bad result for the union . 
  wilders would never have been able to form a government whatever happened . 
  the dutch political system is great at protecting the country from extremism . 
  how long would it take for scotland to join the eu ? 
  chances are scotland will get a referendum within the next couple of years and become independent following that , so by at least 2019 or 2020 . 
  is five years enough time to get them to join the eu ? 
  i suppose the eu will probably fast track them in . 
  geert wilders will have nobody to go in a coalition with him , there 's no way he 'll be pm ever to be honest , france will overwhelmingly vote for the non-le pen candidate in the presidential election too . 
  i think continental europe is far more stable than you realise . 
  unlike the uk , there 's a lot of love for the european project on the continent . 
  both sides are just looking out for themselves . 
  this is going to be a very messy divorce i feel , the room to compromise is not very big . 
  in terms of my personal circumstances and the experiences of not just myself but my family and friends , there 's not a lot to be happy about in the uk at the moment . 
  the sub pretty much reflects how the majority of people i know are feeling . 
  i think you 'll also find that unemployment has fallen but wages have stagnated and inequality is actually growing . 
  there is n't exactly much to be happy about if you 're a brit though . 
  unless you 're a eurosceptic or a scottish nationalist . 
  well , maybe immigration . 
  probably not by much though . 
  most people who were angry about immigration were annoyed at muslims/asians coming into the uk , as opposed to other europeans . 
  so i fear they 're going to be disappointed . 
  sounds a lot like what 's happening elsewhere . 
  thankfully germans seem to have clearer heads than brits and americans , but the afd 's rise , whilst not as big as trump 's or ukip 's , is based around the same kind of factors . 
  politicians should n't have put the question to the people in a referendum , if it was so important and the people could n't be trusted . 
  15 hours is still nowhere near enough to sustain yourself . 
  if you 're on minimum wage that 's only # 112.50 a week , and that 's if you 're over 25 . 
  let 's not be hasty . 
  we have n't actually triggered article 50 yet . 
  it 's difficult to put across the intricacies of the eu to ordinary people . 
  the media have been shouting about how eu = immigration = bad , people just assume that leaving the eu is a good thing . 
  if vote leave had said `` oh yeah , that would mean leaving the single market too , but that 's the eu and the eu is bad . '', 
  then people are still probably going to vote leave . 
   remain ran a weak campaign and leave a strong one . 
  this is exactly it . 
  it is difficult to be emotive about the eu , particularly when most of the benefits are economical , whilst the leave campaign ran a very nationalistic campaign that spoke about reducing immigration , giving money to our nhs , giving sovereignty back to our country which are all things a lot of people in this country want . 
  i think theresa may and the government are aware that the eu wo n't budge , but they ca n't go into negotiations saying `` there is no way we 're gon na get a good deal done . '', 
  i 'm kind of relieved that we know what the uk is going for now , so we can prepare for the shit hitting the fan when we finally trigger article 50 . 
  and hopefully this means ukip will wither away and die , because they ca n't spout on and on about immigration . 
  ultimately , i feel like the british ethos has always been different from the eu 's . 
  the eu desires further integration , the uk wants to pull back on that . 
  it 's in the best interests of both , in that sense , to part . 
  i 'm a remainer . 
  i 've accepted the result . 
  we are leaving the eu and i 'm accepting that . 
  it will be tough , especially for us , for a decade or so , but eventually we will be okay . 
  hopefully there 's still plenty of opportunity for us and europe to work together in the future . 
  we could , but we 'd have to pay in and accept free movement . 
  so essentially having a worse deal than being an eu member . 
   i think that if people had known we would also leave the common market vote leave would not have won . 
  honestly , i do n't think it would 've made much of a difference . 
  people were warned jobs would be lost , our economy would take a hit and yet people still trusted and believed vote leave . 
  i think a lot of ordinary people are n't overly sure what the difference is between leaving the eu and leaving the single market . 
  when the media and all their friends and family are telling them untruths on a daily basis , it 's hard for people not to get an idea and perception forming in their head . 
  for many working class people , the newspapers they read , the news they watched , the people they listened to hammered home that the eu = bad for years . 
  i 'm not surprised that they voted leave and if they did it believing what they were doing was right , then you can not blame them for doing so . 
  the people who should hold our scorn are the media and the lying politicians . 
  he did n't say that all people who voted brexit were shitheads . 
  i know many people who are perfectly nice and reasonable and voted leave . 
  actually , i would . 
  the west does tend to do what america does . 
  he was quite good at pr . 
  very much made from the same mould as blair in that sense . 
  they had snappy lines they could hand to their opponents , who often were n't as media savvy as they were ( miliband , howard etc ) . 
  he regularly outclassed corbyn , i think jez will have been relieved when he resigned and was replaced by someone as uninspiring as he is . 
  who are we gon na influence , realistically ? 
  in this day and age , there are only a handful of states that can influence others depending on geographical position , economic power and military power . 
  britain has no empire , it ca n't influence anyone else and this is why brexit was a mistake . 
  why would other countries try and get something from the uk , when they can put in the same amount of work and effort and sign a deal with the eu , a far bigger and economically beneficial trade bloc . 
  or the us , or russia , or china . 
  thankfully , the hardliners do n't talk for the rest of the population . 
  we voted for brexit , yes , but the majority of people are n't arsed what our foreign policy is providing our domestic policy is working . 
  the conservatives would rather have a strong eu that can be a close economic partner than a divided europe . 
  just because we do n't want to be part of the eu , does n't mean we do n't want to interact with it . 
  let 's just ask ireland . 
  they rejected the lisbon treaty so their government basically put it to them again until they said yes . 
  let 's just ask ireland . 
  they rejected the lisbon treaty so their government basically put it to them again until they said yes . 
  what sphere of influence ? 
  the empire has been dead for over 70 years , the commonwealth is the last remnant of any sort of world influence we have or have had . 
  the majority of people who voted for brexit did so because we do n't feel comfortable with the level of immigration in our country , not because of some warped geopolitical view that us and europe are rivals for global influence . 
  we would be happy to see a unified , peaceful europe that we could be partners with . 
  that did n't turn out too well for the labour party . 
  a lot of reddit and / r/unitedkingdom users like to believe they 're having somewhat of a resurgence , but none of the polls are showing that . 
  they 've done marginally better in a few council seats and a couple of bye-elections , but i ca n't see what sort of impact ( if any ) they can have in british politics with just 8 mps . 
  if they had 62 like they did after 2005 , then they 'd have a lot more weight about them . 
  wonder why he 's trying to come back and in what form . 
  a new party ? 
  he 's not going to do very well . 
  and if he 's coming back to challenge corbyn internally , he 's not learnt anything from this last summer . 
  seems like you just have a anti-uk problem . 
  absolutely every nation has a horrible history . 
  both european and non-european . 
  no nation is squeaky clean . 
  welsh is still spoken in some parts of rural wales and the welsh government is doing absolutely everything possible to keep the language alive . 
  i 'm sure almost everyone in wales will know/use english too , but i 'm sure some families/communities speak to one another in welsh . 
  i do n't think the same can be said for cornish . 
  to be honest , they do n't even need to do anything .
