  if there was a mechanism for doing that instead of having to pay my taxes to switzerland or sweden , i would . 
  i 've donated to greek causes directly from my personal income , though . 
  about 10k chf . 
  which is more than you 'll ever do , i suspect , judging from your tone . 
   do you know who paid for the 300 billion eur support both directly as indirectly thus far ? 
  the rest of the people living in euro zone countries . 
  exactly the problem , in my opinion . 
  they paid that money to bail out banks and creditors . 
  they helped them out using european taxpayer money , unconditionally . 
  no question about bank reform . 
  however greeks have to endure a great depression and implement massive reforms the rest of us did naturally over the course of decades , in exchange for the loans we give them . 
   you need to work together as partners . 
  no disagreement there . 
  but also the greeks did work together with europe since 2009 . 
  look what it brought them . 
  i do n't find it strange that they should ask for a different deal . 
  honestly , i 'd much rather pay it to the greek state than to the swiss ( where i live , i 'm half swiss ) . 
  i 'm all for supporting europe economically , and europe needs to be built around fiscal transfers . 
  a simple currency union is always going to lead to crises like that , because the weaker economies ca n't be competitive with the strong ones . 
  but greek pension funds and greek banks , which were also holders of greek bonds , took most of that hit . 
  it 's the reason why a lot of them are in such dire straits now . 
  it was essentially an overnight $ 100 * - bn shifting of the burden from greek state to greek society . 
  \\* or however much of that was due to greek private organizations, 
  i have in fact given to greek charities multiple times . 
  not much , but i am not rich . 
  i can only agree with that . 
  a man who causes sch\u00e4uble and the rest so much discomfort is alright in my book . 
  much respect to janis . 
  his voice was different and honest , and it will be missed . 
  i 'm fully behind you greece . 
  do n't be afraid , have hope , whatever you vote . 
  conspiracy theories ? 
  about what ? 
  i am using real financial indicators like deficits and balance of trade to argue my points , what are you using , if you even have any points ? 
  and about ela , understand that it 's not a hard and fast rule , otherwise they would n't have extended any liquidity to greece to begin with . 
  it is a support system , and they did use it to support greece , and the suspension of it at the critical juncture is entirely the point . 
  it 's political , because it directly affects how greeks can run the referendum : in a state of a bank run , or in a state of calmness . 
  [ do yourself a favor and read the actual ela procedures ] ( https://www.ecb.europa.eu/pub/pdf/other/201402_elaprocedures.en.pdf ) that detail how viability of a country is assessed , and how it is suspended , instead of two sentences that you linked . 
  it does absolutely work . 
  that 's what 's `` emergency '' about it . 
  eurozone gave greece a huge trade deficit and no way to adjust it using the corrective mechanisms of sovereign currency , which it did n't have , except by debt flows , which stopped around the time of the crisis ' outset . 
  no one has benefited as much from the eurozone as the industrial exporting countries of the eurozone , and to pretend otherwise is a huge disservice to the people of europe ( and of greece in this particular instance ) . 
  to say greece has benefited the most ( i.e. 
  living beyond their means and so on ) is a blatant untruthfulness that has been propagated by nefarious media in europe since the beginning of the crisis . 
  here 's the gist of the eurozone - trade tariffs gone , no foreign exchange loss , no import taxation . 
  since the eurozone 's inception , therefore , and to take one prominent example , german exports to greece have risen by 150 % - that is , they have more than doubled . 
  i hope you understand how this is a massive increase in profits . 
  in contrast greece 's exports have risen by a meager 10 % , which has dropped since the crisis . 
  in short , greece is held up by germany and co. as a client state whose only role is to buy german products by borrowing cheaper money than before ( that they have access to because of the euro ) . 
  when they inevitably fail when the money stops , the strategy is to blame them to avoid any real examination of the problem . 
  this is an unpopular opinion , i know , and harder to accept , because it wo n't show up in any kind of journalistic media , whose wheels have been spinning to blame greece for all they can , but i believe it 's the truth . 
  also why greece has been a ( very big ) net gain for germany in the eurozone . 
  they could give them $ 100bn in debt forgiveness tomorrow and they would still come out on top easily . 
  feel free to post some of your facts , like i posted mine , and we 'll see whose holds more water . 
  it is criminally delusional to think that , in an economy where gdp has shrunk by 25 % , a slight upward change in the last quarter of a fiscal year means that austerity was working just fine , while at the same time unemployment is higher than ever , deflation is taking place , and all indicators show a protracted crisis that would last 50 years . 
  and austerity has had ill effects everywhere in europe . 
  even [ the european parliament 's employment committee recently adopted a report ] ( https://www.theparliamentmagazine.eu/articles/special-report/strasbourg-comment-role-and-operations-troika ) accusing the troika as well as the eurozone 's finance ministers of creating a ` social tsunami ' . 
   [ several studies ] show , without the shadow of a doubt , that the austerity policies and the structural reforms imposed in the troika countries have led to a real social tsunami of massive unemployment ( it has tripled in some countries ) especially among young people , the closure of hundreds of thousands of companies , mainly smes ; and a sharp rise in poverty and social exclusion . 
  a recent [ 357-page report ] ( http://www.ilo.org/global/research/global-reports/world-social-security-report/2014/lang--en/index.htm ) by the [ international labour organisation ( ilo ) , the geneva-based un agency , makes another scathing assessment of the effects of austerity in europe . 
  according to the ilo , fiscal consolidation has given rise to persistent unemployment , lower wages and higher taxes . 
  all three have boosted poverty and social exclusion rates , which now affect some 123 million people or 24 per cent of the eu 's population . 
  before the start of the crisis in 2008 , the figure was 116 million . 
  today , around 800,000 more children live in poverty compared to five years ago . 
   the achievements of the european social model , which dramatically reduced poverty and promoted prosperity in the period following the second world war , have been eroded by short-term adjustment reforms . 
  also , this comment  that all happened before the leftist radicals started to run the country shows that you have quite an agenda here . 
  sure , it was going just fantastic , but the damn leftists had to ruin it for everyone !, 
  it 's decidedly not all economics . 
  conditions that impose gdp shrinkage of 25 % ( among other calamities ) is a deal no country in the world would take for any amount of debt under normal circumstances , and blind insistence to such a policy is something no organization would follow if it relied on economic indicators alone . 
  the imf has come out and declared their mishandling of greece . 
  even strauss-kahn a few days ago published a paper that criticized the mistakes of the past and pleaded with his former colleagues to not insist on them . 
  it 's sad to see that they do anyway . 
  he understands better than you . 
  ela mechanisms are unattached to bonds and other collateral . 
  normal interbank lending by the ecb is , but the collateral usually provided by greece is not acceptable by ecb anymore , so they always have to resort to ela - until now . 
  an entirely political decision . 
   the massive trade benefits of a single currency oh god , that 's utterly and entirely untrue . 
  the single currency and unified trading zone helps exporting countries . 
  germany , and so on . 
  not importing countries . 
   but i was in just commenting on the normality of countries borrowing to pay old loans and that the loans are not something evil out of the ordinary but really just substitute interest and capital payment for austerity . 
  i agree with the first part - every country does it - but not the second . 
  debt repayments do n't mandate you ruin your economy , which is against the interest of both the lender and the borrower , and which is what has been happening in greece . 
  this theatre of the absurd that greece has had to endure has nothing to do with sound economics , it is largely political . 
   last year for example my country took on 28 bil euro in new loans and only spent 5 bil off that on internal things the comparison does n't really hold . 
  all countries do it , of course . 
  but does your country also have to pass reforms ( which , all told , have a big cost ) and cut expenditures at the same time ? 
  is its gdp shrinking by 25 % ? 
  does it have 30 % unemployment ? 
  it 's done by every country on the world , but under normal circumstances . 
  if the cost of borrowing becomes prohibitive , you either need to turn to other kinds of financing , or restructure your previous arrangements . 
   this for example mixes up the timeline . 
  greek debt is n't unsustainable because of spending cuts , it 's unsustainable because it was perpetuous , runaway borrowing . 
  not entirely sure i get what you 're saying , but if i am , that 's the entire premise we 're talking about here . 
  any kind of cash deficit can be sustainable as long as the economy 's mechanisms can enable the diffusion of the debt burden , which was the us example i provided . 
  greece , one way or another , could do that up continuously throughout its history until the crisis in 2009 , despite maintaining deficits for large parts of its history . 
  i merely pointed out how the euro sped up the problems but took away fiscal control mechanisms that could have alleviated the burden ( as they had in the past ) . 
  hence it reached the crisis point . 
   the main thing you need is to convince lenders that you 're trustworthy the point about the lenders ' trust is , i believe , largely moot in the discussion about deficits . 
  lenders do n't base their trust on deficits , otherwise no one would lend to countries that have had a deficit for a long time . 
   i think i disagree .
