  why did n't you take all of tyrol until kufstein and be done with it ? 
  you chose to draw the border at the highest mountains . 
  you little drama queen . 
  downvoting , bitching around and over-exaggerating . 
  drink a beer . 
  calm down and have a nice day . 
  it seems more like you have some complex when it comes to austria . 
  funnily enough you 're not the only italian redditor here when it comes to this . 
  with the slight difference that kosovo got its independence while south tyrol was annexed against its will . 
  this is not the whole story . 
  they built the infrastructure . 
  they just need to hook the wall in if the situations worsens . 
  after we did this italy agreed to limit illegal border crossings . 
  this ai n't a war threat . 
  lol, 
  close the brenner already !, 
  when italy annexed south tyrol they did so to prevent future invasions from the north because the brenner is easy to fortify and defend . 
  turns out it works vice versa as well . 
  you were the one who put austria in the title . 
  and how exactly am i mistaken ? 
  i know the history but it 's different nowadays . 
  it 's always funny when foreigners on / r/europe want to tell us what we are . 
  we do n't identify as germans so this means we are not part of this hypothetical * german nation * . 
  there is now an austrian nation . 
  last time i checked my calendar it said that we have 2017 now and not the 19th century . 
  keep that in mind if you post titles like that . 
  if you post it like that it seems like an unnecessary provocation . 
  it 's a pretty church and i will upvote it for that . 
  but your title is very controversial because austrians and the dutch are not part of the german nation . 
  that 's very insulting to us if you say that . 
  lies ? 
  i wrote * basically gone * which is true . 
  [ they are moving the nationalrat and bundesrat to the hofburg at the moment which is almost complete . 
  ] ( http://diepresse.com/home/innenpolitik/5244147/parlamentsumbau_plenarsaal-in-der-hofburg-fast-fertig ) so this will be the nationalrat for the next three years . 
  the one in your picture is basically gone anyway . 
  we will get a new fancy one . 
  i 've read a lot about the roman province of noricum and i 've never seen a claim that someone still spoke celtic once the empire fell . 
  the population is often referred to as romanised celts but that 's about it . 
  they saw themselves as latins as you can see in the vita sancti severini - one precious document of that time about severin of noricum . 
  keep in mind that latin replaced the local celtic languages very quickly . 
  as you can see on the map most of what 's now austria once spoke a romance language until to the migration period . 
  even after that not all of those people left for italy . 
  many stayed as you can see nowadays in many , many germanised town names . 
  they got slowly integrated . 
  it is believed that there were still many speakers of a romance language in the austrian alps centuries after the fall of the roman empire . 
  it 's part of our history but not many people know about this . 
  i see you want to stir up us austrians with this mentality . 
  make such a beer contest and the masses will block the border again . 
  [ it is the 8th most prominent peak in the entire alps . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_alpine_peaks_by_prominence ) it is also called drei-l\u00e4nder-berg because it lies in 3 different austrian states and its name means * roof stone * in english . 
  so why do you make assumptions how we austrians speak even though you 've apparently never heard one speaking in dialect in your whole life ? 
  ffs the austrian dialect in vorarlberg is even in the same group of dialects as swiss german . 
  your way of thinking is a bit arrogant . 
  * swiss german is soooo different compared to standard german while the other german dialects are n't . 
  * lol seems like you have no idea what you are talking about . 
  austrian itself is neither a language nor a dialect . 
  in austria we have dialects of two different groups ( alemannic and bavarian ) and they can definitely be very different compared to standard german . 
  so bilingualism is n't far fetched in this case . 
  standard german is almost like a foreign language for many austrians . 
  i said almost because all of our books and newspapers are written in it as well as it 's the language of television so we know it pretty well . 
  but it 's still foreign to speak it . 
  from the article :  `` it ca n't happen that a baby is baptized and a bell with the words ` everything for the fatherland ' is chiming , '' she told news agency dpa . 
  to be honest , i think it 's pretty harmless . 
  the city of novigrad in the witcher 3 looks quite similar . 
  later on it was censored because of racism . 
  they replaced turk with wizard and morgenland ( orient ) instead of t\u00fcrkenland ( turkish land ) . 
  the current leader of house habsburg is n't called franz though . 
  and the last version of the anthem was * gott erhalte , gott besch\u00fctze , unsern kaiser , unser land * which is universal . 
  good luck finding an austrian who understands anything in czech . 
  you wo n't find anyone . 
  i guess it 's the same in the border regions with slovak , hungarian and slovenian . 
  even though there is a slovene minority in carinthia so at least they should understand . 
  i 'm not sure about how widespread italian is in tyrol and carinthia . 
  i guess it is spoken in touristic places but i do n't know about the ordinary people . 
  the border to bavaria is a less problematic . 
  we do n't just only understand them . 
  we speak almost exactly the same . 
  furthermore our state treaty was signed by the ussr in 1955 so they have to accept our sovereignity . 
  i 'm a bit worried because they support the fp\u00d6 . 
  maybe even with money . 
  but that 's not exclusive to austria . 
  they seem to support right-wing parties everywhere in europe . 
  i like it too . 
  the slavic part of austria is also an integral part of austria . 
  no theft was involved . 
  the stone has no connection with the republic of slovenia but with the state of carinthia which has a slavic background . 
  you can admit that you are almost austrians since [ you even put austrian cultural heritage on your own euro coins . 
  it 's a bit of a shame that most austrians do n't know anything about slovakia but bratislava . 
  like it 's a city state . 
  i 'm not an exception myself but someday i 'll go there and visit the tatra mountains and some other cool locations . 
   austria ... lovely people . 
  not australia . 
  germany !, 
  and it 's not even close . 
  after that italy . 
  might be because we are in a sandwich between them . 
  big countries , strong egos . 
  a big brother is older than the little brother . 
  how is that the case here ? 
  also countries are not humans .
