  schei\u00df hurenkinder that should be self explanatory . 
  [ yes . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/1c7wkpl0ukq ), 
  i think most europeans do n't even have a choice . 
  we pretty much have to learn it . 
  my vote goes to prague as well . 
  are you freaking serious ? 
  why should we celebrate that ? 
  do you celebrate the 26th of october ( austrian national day ) in the us ? 
  portugal 's 1 and 2 $ are pretty dope . 
  lithuania is also one of my favourites . 
  i do n't like the coins with royals on it . 
  bosna is the king !, 
  i know carinthia maybe looks a bit wild for outsiders but they are n't that bad if you get to know them a bit better even though they voted for haider multiple times . 
  imho it would be shady to force the uk into ceding territory . 
  this not what brexit is about . 
  it 's not something they would agree to anyway . 
  i 'm very much in favour to let the people there decide to whom they want to belong to . 
  i do n't think we have something like that but a dumbass minister recently wanted to rename the famous and historical viennese heldenplatz ( square of heroes ) into square of the republic or some shit like that . 
  needless to say that literally everybody asked just why ... do n't we have other problems ? 
  just because hitler held his infamous speech there it 's apparently a cursed name . 
  not sooo different but ok . 
  if you say so . 
  an example that bavaria would be just fine as an independent country . 
  it has its advantages to be independent . 
  austria for example is better off alone . 
  i was in pula in istria last summer and it was basically a german speaking city . 
  everybody on the streets spoke german . 
  :d the croats there also speak it very well . 
  tourism makes it almost like our little colony somehow . 
  [ it 's basically only austrians and germans in my part of austria ( upper austria ) . 
  the data is from 2016 . 
  the european countries i visited did n't give me any cultural shock . 
  maybe germany when they brought me * apfelschorle * in a restaurant . 
  i 'm kidding . 
  the only thing i can really think of is the siesta of many stores and shops in the south . 
  that would be unthinkable here . 
  yes , because the kids grew up in a completely different environment . 
  i personally do n't see children of expats as real austrians anymore . 
  to be honest i 'd rather give citizenship to a person whose ancestors had nothing to do with austria but who has lived his/her whole life in austria than to a person who lives somewhere else on the planet , has never been to austria , does n't know german and whose only connection are his/her parents or grandparents . 
  [ the alps seen 70 km away from my hometown . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nvtg6qt.jpg ) i bet you can even see them in the czech republic which is n't far away from where i took this photo . 
  hard working and very friendly people . 
  have lovely stores around the corner of many austrians . 
  thank you for giving us kebap . 
  german should still be one of the easier languages for native english speakers . 
  they 're closely related . 
  countries like malta are even selling citizenships for a fee . 
  i guess they have an opt-in while we have an opt-out so that 's not surprising . 
  i do n't know why you were downvoted . 
  i heard that a lot too . 
  [ not this ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gf2kl7k-sp0 ) edit : probably was n't a number one hit though . . 
  there is a bit of confusion regarding the term southern styria ( german s\u00fcdsteiermark ) . 
  historically the southern part of styria is now in slovenia and was called untersteiermark . 
  when we speak of s\u00fcdsteiermak we do n't mean slovenian styria but the south of the austrian state of styria . 
  seewinkel is really very atypical for austria . 
  it 's a steppe and the neusiedlersee ( lake neusiedl ) is a huge steppe lake . 
  finland because they are in the eu and have the euro while iceland is not . 
  i hear a lot of foreign languages in the city and i see many people from all corners of the world everyday . 
  that 's about it since i do n't know any foreigners personally . 
  * kohle * is more a german german term imo . 
  at least it sounds very german to my ears . 
  a more austrian but disappearing term would be * die marie * . 
  i think what really differentiates the german speaking countries from each other are the different identities . 
  sure , there are many cultural differences depending on where you go ( north-south ) but the most obvious differences are the peculiarities because of the borders of the nation states . 
  was n't there a mini reform last year ? 
  to be honest , french spelling could need a major overhaul . 
  removing all the silent letters would make learning written french so much easier . 
  but english spelling is n't that much better as well . . 
  worse , actually . 
  i 'm curious : how does dutch with the old cases sound to you ? 
  just old fashioned or completely wrong ? 
  to call them nazis ? 
  why ? 
  that 's not my intention . 
  i do n't associate prussia with nazism . 
  well , we 're also still being identified as germans after 70 years as you can see in this thread . 
  so i can call you prussians as well . 
  the result would be the same though . 
  my point is that they would n't join russia just as austria would n't join germany because of similar dislike . 
   and with all of their will and attitude they prove they are one of us . 
  if you divorce your wife you are n't together anymore even if she says so . 
  we are not one of yours . 
  we do n't want to be associated with you . 
  why insulting ? 
  you know any austrians who would support this ? 
   federation of equal states i see modern germany as the successor of prussia since they unified germany . 
  germany got prussiafied culturally and linguistically and i do n't want my country to end up like that . 
   if circumstances were to arise where it would be economically beneficial for austria to unite with germany ( and it would be done in a way that does n't cost austria any prestige , like if vienna was to be the new capital ) and the rest of the world forgot about the unpalatable historical context of that , the austrians would n't really have a problem with it , would they ? 
  we would have a very big problem with that . 
  joining/uniting with germany is probably one of the most unpopular things you could possibly ask . 
  joining a country which is n't particularly liked is very unrealistic . 
  poland also would n't join russia , right ? 
  well , i would n't even call austria germanic . 
  we speak a germanic language but our culture and also the people are a mix of all directions because of our location in the centre of europe . 
  the hre was n't a nation state but a loose confederation of states . 
  there was n't a unified germany until the 19th century and austria was not part of it . 
  but you understand my concern that * proper * is in the eye of the beholder ? 
  you germans always seem so arrogant to me .
