til the nordics are quite na\u00efve . 
  do n't worry . 
  it 's just banter . 
  you got ta react somehow to the italy circlejerk here . 
  well , at least we have jobs . 
  i definitely prefer being employed . . 
  by the way . . goethe spoke hessian in everyday life which is a high german language but you probably meant standard german . 
  : / that 's how i imagined german fishermen . 
  i imagine them speaking low german . 
  otherwise i 'd be disappointed . 
  do n't bother me with your wikipedia numbers . 
  these are the official numbers from the last census in 2001 : but note that this is already a long time ago so a lot of old people who spoke the languages died and the younger generations only speak german . 
  [ from the official site of the state . 
  lol . . where do you have that from ? 
  you have to really search for those people and it would still be difficult . 
  i bet you 've never been there . 
  good look with hungarian or croatian if you ever go there . 
  i know that but it 's just not mentionable . 
  a couple of thousand of people is nothing compared to the german majority in south tyrol . 
  so it 's still a bad example . 
  the burgenland does n't speak hungarian though so that 's not a good comparison . 
  i like that we still make an important distinction : in standard german it 's nowadays only * rein * : komm rein !, 
  while we still indicate direction : kumm eina !, 
  i would have no problem if someone posted a picture of austrian tyrol ( which is beautiful as well btw ) and the same tag with europe . 
  apparently it 's a problem for italians for south tyrol . 
  let it go . . let it gooo ... 
  oh , nationalism kicking in ? 
  ehhh now i 'm confused . 
  is n't it more like that : the region is called trentino-alto adige . 
  in this region there are two provinces : autonome provinz bozen ( s\u00fcdtirol ) and provincia autonoma di trento . 
  trento is not south tyrol as far as i know . 
  to me it seems more like it 's intended an attack against the germans than a commemoration of the victims . 
  english is not my native language . 
  i could rephrase it in german if you want . 
  interesting . 
  here we have it only in the neighbor 's language . 
  but i guess every country can decide that themselve . 
  i think i saw a sign like that in hungary in 2 languages in slovenia as well . 
  the street signs of foreign cities in neighboring countries are usually in the language of the neighbor . 
  so for example in austria we write praha on our signs and not prag and in hungary they write wien on their signs . 
  i always imagined scandinavia with taller mountains . 
  as far as i know there is a bit of a dispute over the border at mont blanc/monte bianco . 
  italy and france never agreed on a border so france claims that the border is not on the summit of mont blanc . 
  i think even / r/europe is a geo-default for all people with a european ip . 
  the map is worthless because some subreddits like / r/austria are geo-defaults while for example / r/de is not . 
  this means that everytime a new redditor in a certain country makes a new account he/she is automatically subscribed to a geo-default . 
  i can downvote you as well if you really wish to play that game ... 
  we also both speak english but does it connect us ? 
  not at all . 
  the point is that germany could still bitch about getting back their old territories . 
  but they decided to not do so and accepted the border how it is . 
  that 's a quality post . 
  very beautiful cities . 
  thanks for sharing . 
  it 's not just politics . 
  i 'm not particularly interested in german culture and media as well . 
  but you 're right with the memes . 
  not necessarily interesting though . 
  well , we need a place to discuss topics about austria . 
  a place to rant about the germans and a place where our threads are visible . 
  so it 's hardly surprising that / r/austria is active . 
  we are also allowed to post in german there whereas it 's not allowed on / r/germany . 
  austrian topics do n't even get upvoted on / r/de . 
  understandable because i 'm equally not interested in most german topics so why should the german majority there be interested in swiss or austrian topics ... 
  that 's not true though . 
  / r/austria is quite active and it 's better for us austrians than / r/de because they never talk about austrian topics it 's only about germany all the time . 
   all three national subreddits are not really notable except for foreigners ) what do you mean ? 
   `` croatia was very bad , worse than austria . 
  we only had a thin blanket , there were problems with the heating . 
  the toilets were dirty . 
  very very difficult . '', 
  he 's a welfare migrant . 
  he was very safe in croatia but that was n't what he had in mind to begin with . 
  we have to make our laws as unattractive as possible for such people that they only come if they are really in danger in their home countries . 
  well , to be fair the majority of south tyroleans do n't want to be part of austria either . 
  the benefits of staying in italy are just too good . 
  [ another pretty picture from there . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/3rvdvzb.jpg ) the glacier in the background is the dachstein . 
  [ i 've hiked in this region a couple of weeks ago and i can really recommend it . 
  go up the krippenstein with the ropeway . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/u1e75li.jpg ) and after that you can go to hallstatt which is just a couple of minutes away down there . 
  that 's really terrible for italy . 
  this brain drain should n't go on . 
  very , very pretty place . 
   germany the mountains in the background are already austria . 
  uagh . 
  i almost forgot that felix baumgartner is such a prick . 
  it 's really not just skiing for austria . 
  we are a popular summer destination as well . 
  because austria is known for its alpine scenery and picturesque cities . 
  we are also a major winter tourism destination in europe . 
  i feel like the turkish government is going to retaliate this somehow . 
  better not plan a trip to turkey as an austrian at the moment . 
  probably not . 
  look at other germans in europe . 
  they were all expelled and it did n't matter if one individual was a nazi or not . 
  nah , thanks we are good . 
  we do n't want anything . 
  i was talking about that italy wanted the border exactly at the highest mountains . 
  if they did n't care about that they could have easily taken the rest of tyrol too .
