  how can a country be a little brother ? 
  but austria did n't exist back then . 
  the nazis made sure of that and even renamed historical names : \u00d6sterreich -  ostmark it 's not a flag of austria . 
  i ca n't think of anything . 
  the habsburg flag is n't popular amongst anyone . 
  neither is the nazi flag which is also not a flag of austria but the party flag of the nsdap . 
  i do n't think you are qualified to post here . 
  germany has 83 million inhabitants . 
  well , i think it 's important to mention that classical latin was always only a written and literary language . 
  thus the modern romance languages are not just some abomination of classical latin but the result of the natural development of vulgar latin . 
  so slang might be too hard since it implies inferiority . 
  you display the typical german arrogance towards us . 
  you think you 're so much better . . 
  even morally . 
  it 's disgusting, 
  i do n't believe you . 
  i doubt ypu talk about such a topic with austrians . 
   even today many people claim that we were the first victims . 
  dude ... that 's simply not true . 
  austria did a good job in dealing with our past after 1990 and i do n't know what we should do more . 
  so i 'm really not sure what you want . 
   bayerisch btw it 's called bairisch because it is not only spoken in bavaria but actually in austria and south tyrol as well . 
  english , standard german and latin were the 3 languages which kept me busy during my time at school . 
  especially latin was a tough one for me because i was n't that gifted in translating 2000 y/o texts . 
  so what exactly was n't fair in 1920 ? 
  yugoslavia even occupied the territory back then . 
  i think you were too stupid to rig the result . 
  to be honest . . 
  i think the outcome was well deserved after all the military aggression of your national `` hero '' rudolf maister . 
  it would require the member states and thereof the ruling parties to give up all of their power and privileges . 
  i can only speak for my own country and we barely manage to merge municipalities . . we do n't get anything done if someone from the ruling parties loses their privileges . 
  so this whole federalization of europe would definitely fail in austria and probably in a lot of other countries as well . 
  you have to go elsewhere if you want to experience the real austria . 
  they speak differently than the rest of the country . 
  but your neighbors might have changed the sentence especially for you . 
  and you have n't heard that yet ? 
  well , most foreigners probably think we speak * wrong * german . 
  ca n't blame them if they only teach german from northern germany abroad . 
  it 's completely fine in austrian german and definitely not clumsy but natural instead . 
  in southern germany and austria you always use the indefinite article in this context . 
  in the north not so much . 
  it 's just a regional difference . 
  it 's definitely not wrong . 
  fair enough . 
   some dislike them maybe they perceive them as arrogant out of curiosity : because of what ? 
  funnily enough i often perceive a lot italians as arrogant too . 
   they 're just kinda there but that 's it i could say the same about switzerland . 
  i think that 's because we 're only technically neighbors . 
  speaking of bohemian . 
  in austria if something is * bemisch * for us it means that it is not understandable/unclear and weird . 
  * etwas russisch machen * -  to make something really sloppy ; [ for example this is a russenluster ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/7e/russenluster.jpg ) -  a russian chandelier, 
  ehh . . does anyone say that somewhere ? 
  i feel like this was only a term newspapers used when the euro was introduced . 
  i 've never heard it somebody say . 
  and if you come to austria you have to master oachkatzl . . that 's our word for it . 
  i think mainly about sounds like * ch * and our r-sound . 
  english speakers often struggle with those sounds . 
  if you get them right everything will sound so much better, 
  sometimes if it 's a good matchup vs a good opponent . 
  but it 's no fun because they almost always win and then i 'm angry . 
   basically all that watch the match in german are also in favor of the team . 
  you know that you can watch ard and zdf in your neighboring countries too ? 
  so not all of the audience roots for germany but rather the paying audience which is obviously what matters anyway . 
  still water is fine as well but if i buy water i only buy sparkling water because otherwise i could just drink tap water too without paying anything . 
  oida wos is mit dia ? 
  [ this song . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5kmza_hmqe ), 
  definitely losing ww1 and with that our empire and a lot of territory . 
  like the french prime minister georges clemenceau said after splitting the empire : * l'autriche , c'est ce qui reste !, 
  the rest is austria . 
  what 's a german though ? 
  it 's just an identity and since we do n't identify with that anymore we are n't germans anymore . 
  it 's as easy as that . 
  calling us germans . 
  calling austria little germany or mountain germany . 
  all of those are super insulting to us but unfortunately very common on reddit . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  i guess we 're not hated but also not really liked . 
  yup . 
  we have/had our problems with all of our neighbors . 
  i do n't think there is something like a closest ally for us . 
  we have to fight for our interests ourselves and ca n't count on anyone . 
  it 's quite simple for austria : either you speak german or you wo n't be understood . 
  because of the iron curtain the attitude was that the world ends behind the border . 
  so there is no communication . 
  yup . 
  [ they even have a 3000er . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zugspitze ) well , almost . 
  [ especially the alps around berchtesgaden are breathtakingly beautiful . 
  ] ( http://s2.germany.travel/media/content/erholung/natur__und_nationalparks_1/nationalparks/berchtesgaden_1/landschaft_koenigssee_panorama.jpg ) ( not my picture ) one of my favourite places . 
  i suppose it 's a joke but it ai n't a good one . 
  [ this is a picture i took yesterday on the krippenstein in upper austria . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/escthyi.jpg ) the little town down there is hallstatt . 
  does it look like i 'm scared to lose ? 
   although , i think he meant it more in the cultural spirit as there was no `` germany '' back then as a single political entity , and austrians were considered germans back then , just as prussia or bayern was . 
  agreed . 
   i suppose it still is absolutely not . 
  back then they had a common identity which is gone nowadays . 
  the alps are beautiful everywhere . 
  it would be insulting to make a ranking here .
