   `` sweden is racist and opressive '' this never happened , its just the `` anti politically correct '' hivemind going crazy again . 
  all she did was ask for plasters in other colors . 
  that is all she did . 
  the rest are internets right wing populists fabricating a story to fit their narrative . 
  again . 
   what a lot of danes are responding to is the level of the debate in sweden , where public media accused pharmacies of discrimination and sparked a big debate this is completely false . 
  in fact the only thing about this that was in the media , was that in denmark they made shit up , and claimed that there was a debate in sweden and that `` it was called racist '' , even though no one said anything about racism . 
  there are a lot of misconceptions spread by assange , his legal team , and supporters . 
  its a * legal system * , not a kindergarten . 
  they cant promise people anything regarding outcomes in trials , no matter what . 
      its a racist propaganda site . 
  they always spin stories like this . 
      the apothecaries are not accused of racism , some just want other `` skin-colored '' plasters as well . 
      but i get a feeling people on reddit prefer the spin ... 
  its not our fault reddiors are naive enough to trust right wing extremists . 
  its not . . its a racist propaganda site . 
  they always spin stories like this . 
  the apothecaries are not accused of racism , some just want other `` skin-colored '' plasters as well . 
  but i get a feeling people on reddit prefer the spin ... 
  at least its not racist propaganda . 
  a lot of jokes about it on twitter . 
  `` ate nut - became sd politician '' `` ate ice-cream ( is-glass ) - became jihadist '', 
   i think next scandinavia is run by swedes ( is that right ? ), 
  they guy writing it is danish . 
  and as usual there are flat out lies about `` reactions '' in sweden , but that is to be expected these days . 
   during all of this , the swedes decided to get rid of the gender referring pronouns `` he '' and `` she '' / `` han '' and `` hon '' and to replace both of them with the gender neutral `` hen '' stuff like this as well . 
  not true at all but a lot of energy is put into these lies . 
  its like there is no fact-checking . 
   voice of denmark to sweden . 
  i listened to it . 
  it was like listening to north korean broadcast about america . 
  how fanatical does one have to be to put this amount of energy and time into the smear campaign against sweden ? 
   but it suppresses freedom of speech and throws away the swedish soul . 
  political correctness makes many swedes deny that there even is such a thing as swedishness , but to the rest of us there is and we do n't want the swedes to get rid of it . 
  it is not a metaphysical `` spirit '' , but the sum of swedish experiences and narratives ; it would not make sweden ( or the rest of the world for that matter ) a better place if the majority of swedes gave it up . 
  wow ... 
   there is no media war here between left and right you know that 's bullshit . 
  is there any lie too dumb for r/europe ? 
  if you asked swedenyes , coontown , european , mensrighs , redpill , whiterights etc etc , they would probably agree with sweden . 
  well at least your gullibility is providing r/shitamericanssay with entertainment . 
  unfortanly there is not a lot translated . 
  its still swedish politics so there is not much interest abroad . 
  try google translate , hopefully it will be understandable . 
  god damn it !, 
  how are you all going to blame this on `` secret swedish islamist illuminati '' ? 
  im so surprised ... 
  its our kkk that created their own party . 
  their ideology is based on white supremacy . 
  there is a reason the racist redditsubs love them . 
  here is some of the stuff their politicians have done lately . 
  https://www.interasistmen.se/irm-listar-sd/ and they have their own media that looks like whiterights . 
  note that all he hatred that the green pary is getting in here is based on only 2 ( ! ), 
  people messing up . 
  sd does that every single day . 
  yup , most non-racist swedes have given up on r/europe a long time ago . 
  the level of dishonesty and conspiracy theories that are being spammed , and facts being downvoted , quickly looses its charm . 
  almost every swede in this sub is going for the racsits . 
  why do you even ask ? 
  their bullshit about swedish politics and `` muslim takeover '' shoud make it obvious . 
  i heard from westboro baptist church that the us is being destroyd . 
  why do you let this happen !!?!?!?!, 
   american who is very liberal im sure you are , that is why you blindly believe the most obvious far-right propaganda . 
  if they could not take finland , they would not be able to take sweden either . 
  yeah all those `` provide cannon fodder for the swedes '' . 
  yeah , `` once again '' . 
   i have given you proof . 
  no you have not . 
  you are making a ridiculous claim about sweden , you have the burden of proof . 
  i made a comment about reddits anti-swedish myths before , so i will just copy it since its about / europes delusions :  here are the facts , without reddits anti-swedish propaganda :  sweden is richer then ever . 
   one of the strongest economies in europe . 
   the economic growth is one of the biggest in the western world . 
   crime is decreasing . 
   unemployment is deceasing . 
   social support and welfare still the same and improving . 
   a month ago , it now includes free medication for anyone under the age of 18 . 
  but you wont hear about that in this sub . 
   sweden tops pretty much every list on security and measurement of quality of life . 
   / europe has racist blogs and right wing extreme subs to rely on . 
  anti-intellectualism and conspiracy theories , that reddits brags about . 
   even though reddit puts almost 100 % of crime reporting to be about refugees , the actual stats show that refugees are involved in less then 1 % of crimes , and that includes when crimes are committed towards refugees . 
  so you admit there is only ** one single thing ** that aaaaalllll scare propaganda , conspiracy theories and anti-swedish circlejerk has to go on ? 
  the circlejerk has been going on for about a year , long before that one thing . 
  no , that thing * actually * happened . 
  its one of the few things about sweden on this sub that is actually true . 
  some police did n't report on it to the press . 
  but you are talking about `` all '' these reports and some `` disaster '' . 
  also this :  well in sweden , given the extreme views their press has , it might seem very likeley that you have a `` social taboo '' opinion even if it is perfectly normal . 
  which makes no sense . 
  not being a racist or right wing extremists , is not `` having an extreme view '' . 
   im reading this sub , and every single submission about sweden is a desaster . 
  here are the facts , without reddits anti-swedish propaganda : sweden is richer then ever . 
  one of the strongest economies in europe . 
  the economic growth is one of the biggest in the western world . 
  crime is decreasing . 
  unemployment is deceasing . 
  social support and welfare still the same and improving . 
  a month ago , it now includes free medication for anyone under the age of 18 . 
  but you wont hear about that in this sub . 
  sweden tops pretty much every list on security and measurement of quality of life . 
  / europe has racist blogs and right wing extreme subs to rely on .
