  did the racist on reddit tell you that ? 
   it can not support all of its immigrants . 
  yet we do . 
  no matter what you people claim . 
  you look in the mirror and say `` russia '' three times . 
  then you spend to much time on r/europe . 
  um no they are not . 
  it does n't matter how much whitewashing and propaganda is being spammed here . 
  what the fuck happend with the rule against using / r/europe as a propaganda tool for political parties anyway . 
  now there is nothing but lies about sweden to promote racist parties . 
  for the racist , right ? 
  white power !, 
  he sounds like most threads on r/europe . 
  stop downvoting facts / europe since there are so many myths going on about those murders , fact check is in order :  the rise of political clickbait , ikea murders     https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ad5ler2gwjq, 
   i hold a belief that downvotes are for factual errors shame the rest of the sub disagree so strongly with you o this , or this sub would not look like such a joke . 
  now its the other way around :  sweden have been a disaster ever since they promised the unpromisable is at 50 + in reality the swedish migration office has stated that they are well prepared for the refugees . 
  but as usual the anti-swedish crowd never needs sources for anything . 
   using logic and trying to reason with your brains . 
  that is not what any of you are doing . 
  is this really difficult to understand for r/europe , or are your anti-swedish spam taking over everything ? 
  can you not hold to thoughts in your heads at the same time ? 
  thanks for all the downvotes . 
  since you all seem to have difficulties understanding this :  he did n't blame anyone . 
  he is stating what the rules are . 
      and what in the world does that have to do with all this `` sweden is dying '' nonsense being spammed everywhere ? 
  are you people for real ? 
      its called schizophrenia . 
  it does n't makes sense . 
      this is in your head . 
  you are hearing what you want to hear . 
  this sub has reallt gotten pathetic . 
  i say it again : reading / europes descriptions of sweden in thread after thread is like listening to north korean news about the us . 
  just you wait till the water freezes !, 
  and they are looking for any excuse to defend the notion of sweden being thrown into chaos . 
  l\u00f6fven stating the rules is enough apparently . 
  sometimes it feels like they are trolling , but they get tons of upvotes in every thread . 
  is 2 less then 4 ? 
  no , not that tin foil asshat again . 
  he makes these racist propaganda videos , with conspiracy theories , that gets really popular on the racist subs and those that are into conspiracy theories . 
  people who think they are being clever for always saying `` the media is lying to you '' , so they end up blindly trusting right wing extreme blogs instead . 
  ( and yes , i know he really loves the `` you get called racist '' - defence , to give racists immunity ) he is dishonest , twists and takes things out of context , so it fits his agenda . 
  criminologists and statisticians say crime is either decreasing or staying the same . 
  it doesnt matter how scary headlines you have about murder or rape , crime is not increasing . 
  overall we have never been safer . 
  that is why right wing populism is so dangerous now , it sells because it scares . 
  sigh ... 
  the immigration office has stated they are well prepared , including housing . 
  the rise of political clickbait https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ad5ler2gwjq, 
  * he did n't blame anyone * . 
  he is stating what the rules are . 
  and what in the world does that have to do with all this `` sweden is dying '' nonsense being spammed everywhere ? 
  are you people for real ? 
   its called schizophrenia . 
  it does n't makes sense . 
  this is in your head . 
  you are hearing what you want to hear . 
  i do n't wan na be a crappy housewife , so i became a crappy popstar . 
   sweden have been a disaster ever since they promised the unpromisable reading / europes descriptions of sweden in thread after thread is like listening to north korean news about the us . 
  edit i dont know if i should laugh or cry . 
  no wonder / panichistory loves this sub . 
  are you kidding ? 
  the comment you respond to is karma whoring . 
  the pictures represent the group well , but in here there is nothing but bitching that is going on . 
  populist click bait works . 
  top of the sub , and half the thread think its all about refugees . 
   oh , and a comedian is not a valid source by the way he is not the source . 
  he just made a video about the sources . 
  the ones showing crime is decreasing . 
  and he is more well-read then most journalists . 
  crime in sweden is decreasing . 
  criminologists and statisticians agree . 
  why are you avoiding the issue ? 
  if there are no racists here , then explain comments like this getting upvotes and gold : https://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3kda3o/refugees_marching_through_denmark_towards_sweden/cuwnptn we know its bullshit , racist propaganda . 
  and the rest of the thread is no better . 
   the higher number is tremendously misleading because it does n't include the circumstances . 
  only if you only look at one number . 
  and one should not . 
  to get the full picture , you combine it with other stats . 
  in all seriousness the migration office of sweden has explained that they are well prepared for the ones coming . 
  yeah , we are getting more immigrants and crime rates are going down . 
  but that does n't matter . 
  does n't matter how many times criminologists and statisticians points it out , some want crime to be on the rise . 
  its a good thing though !, 
  only if you include all do you get a truthful view . 
  and only then can you be sure what policies are working . 
  85 % of rapes in the western world is not reported . 
  changing the attitude and get people to report is the only way to see how big the problem is . 
  you can like some countries design the rules for stats to look good , or you can go after the shadow numbers and have huge campaigns getting victims to go to the police , like in sweden for example . 
  a lot are afraid to report , want to forget about it , ashamed , convincing themselves its their own fault and so on . 
  swedens numbers may look higher , but its because of how stats are collected . 
  canada has the highest rates of kidnapping , for example . 
  we have answered this for 5 years now . 
  so yea , we are getting tired of explaining it  its a combination of going after the shadow numbers and different rules and attitudes to reporting it ( 85 % of rapes in the western world is not reported ) . 
  and that is a good thing . 
  its going to look bad in stats , but ts more truthful . 
  some countries design their rules for stats to make them look good . 
  for the same reason canada is the kidnapping world leader . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-19592372 for comparison http://i.imgur.com/tfc4kn9.jpg, 
  if you are not a racist then why do you defend the racists that take up most of the threads , the ones i am talking about ? 
  we all know what comments gets upvoted on the frontpage .
