  do you want to be alone in / europe ? 
  no one to fact check and debunk ? 
  i love how no one read what i actually wrote , they just upvote and downvote on politics . 
  cowards . 
  as long as you can get your friends to downvote me even more . 
  did anyone actually listen or are you just cirklejerking because its sweden and denmark ? 
  are you talking about the real sweden or the fantasy-version made up on / europe and / european ? 
  because you will not learn anything about real sweden in these threads . 
  this is north korea levels of propaganda . 
  they are only trying to promote a right wing populist movement . 
   he basically calls most of the european continent racist . 
  you forgot to mention bigfoot . 
   i love the way that `` populism '' is being lumped in with racism and being a bad thing . 
  true , populism can mean different things . 
  i should have specified . 
  im talking about the populist movement in scandinavia , and that is right wing populism of the racist kind . 
   they mean well , like children at the playground sharing candy , ugh , the fucking arrogance in this thread . 
   their frustration is probably more directed towards the swedish establishment and political class . 
  but that shows how easily manipulated they are by the racists on reddit , and they do bring that into real life . 
  the same comments have been spammed on other forums long before reddit . 
  started over in stormfront , and then spread . 
  doesnt matter what forum im on these days . 
  and i dont think it would be that easy unless there is a * will * to hate sweden behind it . 
   but stop bitching to the rest of us who do n't want to you self righteous counts . 
  this is literally what ** you ** are doing , and the rest of the alarmists . 
  you alamists and tin foil hats never shut up about how `` sweden is doooomed '' . 
  every thread . 
  some of us have had enough of the ignorance and arrogance . 
  most of us dont get our worldview from european or whiterights . 
  you wont learn anything about sweden in this sub . 
  the extremists are to fanatical . 
  upvotes and downvotes * is * statistics . 
  if people agree with / europeans conspiracy theories we see that in that in the upvotes . 
  and we see that those that facts check gets downvotes . 
   you even say sd will never gain popularity . 
  why do i need to show you your own comments ? 
   but she is saying that she refuses to discuss the facts because she is right that is a very biased `` summary '' . 
  they are not `` facts '' , they are others opinions , and she and many others disagree . 
  and what she knows about the city she is a mayor of , should not to be ignored , when we talk about `` facts '' . 
   `` just because dkk in denmark and fn in france have gained popularity , does n't mean sd in sweden will too '' read it again . 
  haha , its so predicteble . 
  i said i bet its not true , and it wasnt . 
  read again . 
  its * not a given * that they will get much more support . 
  do you understand the difference ? 
  do you even care ? 
  yes , but i find it difficult to find a sweden-related thread on / europe that does not have angry danes lying about sweden . 
  there is real anger . 
  i see what comments gets upvotes and downvotes . 
  we all do . 
  its right in front of you . 
  if racist conspiracy theories and right wing extreme propaganda gets all the upvotes , and sane thoughtful comments gets downvoted to hell , that speaks volumes . 
  no , when did * i * say that ? 
   you even say sd will never gain popularity, 
  yes , and therefor its out of context , since that single frame makes it seem like she think we should `` not calculate what we can do '' when its actually `` we are not full , its about how you can integrate '' . 
  the angry reaction people in here have shows they misunderstand . 
  and you are defending this sect ? 
  now that is incredible . 
   you even say sd will never gain popularity . 
  did i ? 
  let me guess , that is not true ? 
  are you kidding ? 
  look around you . 
  scandinavian tv-series is probably the best way to quickly get the gist of it . 
  like bron . 
  so why are swedes `` soft '' for working harder and doing more then others ? 
  its just a trick , to insult those that do n't follow right wing populism . 
  and this shit has been going on for longer then before the these refugees . 
  sweden taking in immigrants is enough for the circlejerk . 
   just out of curiosity , how is that racist propaganda ? 
  we have seen every other sweden-thread in this sub , or any thread about immigration . 
  and there is no reason for / europe to act this irrational unless they have a very strong agenda . 
  we are not the ones panicking and being afraid of immigrants and refugees . 
  danish is like a very very thick accent to us . 
  you can learn it pretty quickly , but if you have never been exposed its going to be very tricky . 
  if they are spreading the same rumors about sweden and refugees/immigrants as the racists , then something is wrong , yes . 
  every time i see you comment you are agreeing with or spreading the racist agenda about sweden , like so many other here . 
   at that point you 're basically calling most of the european continent racist !, 
  no , they dont talk like / european . 
  never mind , i saw your other comments . 
  you are as anti-swedish as the rest . 
  most in here get all this from the racist subs . 
  the irony . 
  im responding to people that spread racist myths . 
  if that is most / europe does now , then that is not my fault . 
  this sub used to be ok , but the last months its been raided by whiterights , european , coontown and such , and they changed the forum to be a dishonest and manipulative sub for racists propaganda . 
  just look at this thread . 
  they are fanatical . 
  another thread to promote racism . 
  / europe is such a joke . 
  stormfront and / european really changed this sub . 
  and in every thread about sweden i see comments like this  i though there were exaggerations about swedish politicians , but ... 
  remove them , while you still can , sweden . 
  racist propaganda is what it is . 
  why trying to defend it ? 
  you people sound like / european . 
  no you dont . 
  you defended this :  i though there were exaggerations about swedish politicians , but ... 
  remove them , while you still can , sweden . 
  and tried to help excuse it by saying i sound like arnstad , the person everyone is smearing in here .
