  thanks * to * the scare propaganda . 
  this is your claim  oh , well , that 's to be expected after such emotional exploitation by the media . 
  has the effect persisted until today however ? 
  its strange how you do n't see what effect extreme amounts of scare propaganda has on people . 
  cant believe everyone spamming downvotes in here . 
  got damn babies . 
  `` waah we dont want a immigrant mega thread , we can behave . '', 
  yeah right . 
  if we keep saying it sarcastically , then all this racist circlejerk is not racist any more right ? 
  thats how it works ? 
  so the far right call it `` reckless '' , and that makes you support the far right . 
  sounds about right . 
  if you are far right , then you are far right . 
  i dont care if you claim to have been `` left '' . 
  you obviously extremely biased against the left , the way you make shit up about them . 
  for those that dont know that study has been criticized very heavily , one of the reasons is because has nothing to do with political journalists , and those working with politics has said they are not to answer such studies . 
  for some reason the right wingers claiming its `` left '' , can never show it . 
  should there not be something three in the reporting ? 
  that says a lot . 
  its the height of irony to see you people try to accuse others of brainwashing . 
   germany and sweden are not acting weak and vulnerable to avoid taking responsibility . 
   the rest should be ashamed . 
  why do you think they spend so much time spreading scare propaganda ? 
  im not the one lying . 
  and you know it . 
  for those that dont know that study has been criticized very heavily , one of the reasons is because has nothing to do with political journalists , and those working with politics has said they are not to answer such studies . 
  for some reason the right wingers claiming its `` left '' , can never show it . 
  should there not be something three in the reporting ? 
  that says a lot . 
   you say that having massively loosened asylum policies is `` not lowering standards '' . 
   basically everything that you say is the opposite of reality . 
  it 's not hard to see why you 're so preoccupied with reality and delusion , because you ca n't find it at all times . 
  you 're useful , though . 
  every opinion you have is bascially the mirror opposite of what is happening . 
   so there 's a usefulness to your idiocy . 
  that 's about the sole thing about your existance that matters . 
  see , this is what im talkning about . 
  this is much more then just `` young conservative '' . 
  no , we are not lowering our standards and effort just because some countries are running and hiding . 
  since it got downvoted :  the support for taking in refugees are growing . 
  the numbers against it are decreasing . 
  i know facts dont go well with / europe . 
  keep fighting reality . 
  thanks for all the downvotes . 
  lets bring some nuance into this circlejerk :  so if the poor father that has lost his family to european cruelty turns out to be a dumbass smuggler that is responsible for the death of his family do you understand * why * they had to resort to smuggling ? 
  they do n't do it because its fun . 
  is it like svt in sweden , that they are politically neutral so a large right wing media just calls them `` left '' , because neutral is not right wing enough ? 
  no this is more then that . 
  they are too delusional and rabid . 
  with this little connection to reality , there must be stronger emotions at work . 
  if idiots gets upvotes for saying that malm\u00f6 is an islamic shithole , then its whiterights level of delusion . 
  adn how they use downvotes says something as well . 
  this is not normal . 
  if you are naive and get you `` news '' from / europe , / whiteright or / coontown . 
  always someone not playing stupid ? 
  not taking part in the racist circlejerk ? 
  whatever . 
  how about the fact that they resort to smuggling for a reason ? 
  why is this so difficult to understand for r/europe ? 
  the reason they had to smuggle them in , is because of europe stance on refugees . 
  that is * still * the main issue . 
  the details around the boy is irrelevant to that . 
   i always loved the original sweden how is that different from the racists version of sweden that / r/europe goes on about ? 
  [ putin knows his place . 
   islam really is a dangerous and oppressive religion but we should not help those running from the extremists ... right ? 
   sweden is at a point to which we never want to come ourselves . 
  i live in sweden , the scare propaganda is not something i put any value into . 
  germany and sweden are not acting weak and vulnerable to avoid taking responsibility . 
  the rest should be ashamed . 
  why do you think they spend so much time spreading scare propaganda ? 
  a thread about sweden that is connected to reality ? 
  am i dreaming ? 
  guess the racists are busy circlejerking in other threads . 
  also , shut up putin edit this just happened : fake letter from swedish government spread in russian media - `` sweden is running errands for ukraine '' http://www.dn.se/nyheter/sverige/forfalskat-brev-fran-svenska-regeringen-sprids-i-rysk-tv/, 
  yeah and the emotional `` sweden is beoynd saving '' and racisit circlejerks has had no affect at all ? 
  all the scare propaganda is loosing some its power now . 
  that is what is happening . 
  get used to it , / r/europe is stormfront-light . 
   people are angry as hell . 
  lol . 
  the support for taking in refugees are growing . 
  the numbers against it are decreasing . 
  its reddit neckbeards and racists that are angry . 
  yes , and they dont spam racism , conspiracy theories and a 50s view of women . 
  here is one of those that has spoken out about the party : http://expo.se/2013/tidigare-chef-i-kansliet-sd-ar-en-rasistisk-sekt_6301.html, 
  ever read about the meetings they have ? 
  guess not . 
  as i said , they who leave say its a `` racist sect '' . 
  few of those saying something racist gets excluded . 
  its only if the media makes a big deal about it that they might do it , and even then they blame the media . 
  guess you dont check their politicians on twitter , facebook , and their `` news '' - sites . 
  or the people leaving the party , describing it as a `` racist sect . 
  seems like whose who likes sd , dont know anything about them . 
  we will remember that the next time danes talk about about saving their jews during ww2 , and sweden taking them in . 
  today , the hatred towards sweden for taking in refugees , is overwhelming . 
  so much propaganda . 
  good . 
  the hatred towards refugees is unreal . 
  and / r/europes celebration of it , and hatred towards sweden for taking in refugees , is incredible . 
  or being hated on / r/europe [ 1 ] because im swedish , and not as racists as the rest of the sub .
