  well the country is practically built for an amount of people no more than the amount of people that live in my city district in amsterdam . 
  i get that the tourists are a problem . 
  look it up . 
  a lot of countries do n't allow their citizens ( or even children of citizens born abroad ) to renounce citizenship . 
  well , thankfully you 're not the one deciding this . 
  haha , was just kidding ofc sometimes this reddit seems like a few countries bitch fighting each other , haha . 
   i know it sounds like a reasonable statement ( if you want to be french - be french ) , but it really is not . 
  some people do n't have a choice . 
   the reason why she wants the renounciation of dual citizenship , is because a lot of citizenships ca n't be renounced , like the moroccan or algerian citizenship . 
  how ` fortunate ' that these two immigrant groups are quite large in france . 
  not being able to strip away moroccan/algerian citizenship  must strip away french citizenship for them to not be dual citizens  makes it all the much easier to deport them . 
   scary stuff . 
   i know it sounds like a reasonable statement ( if you want to be french - be french ) , but it really is not . 
  some people do n't have a choice . 
   the reason why she wants the renounciation of dual citizenship , is because a lot of citizenships ca n't be renounced , like the moroccan or algerian citizenship . 
  how ` fortunate ' that these two immigrant groups are quite large in france . 
  not being able to strip away moroccan/algerian citizenship  must strip away french citizenship for them to not be dual citizens  makes it all the much easier to deport them . 
   scary stuff . 
  i know it sounds like a reasonable statement ( if you want to be french - be french ) , but it really is not . 
  some people do n't have a choice . 
  the reason why she wants the renounciation of dual citizenship , is because a lot of citizenships ca n't be renounced , like the moroccan or algerian citizenship . 
  how ` fortunate ' that these two immigrant groups are quite large in france . 
  not being able to strip away moroccan/algerian citizenship  must strip away french citizenship for them to not be dual citizens  makes it all the much easier to deport them . 
  scary stuff . 
  what a joke tbh . 
  amsterdam = the shit . 
  greece butthurt much, 
  it 's so sad that you get downvoted . 
  the serbian you 're responding to acts like they 're a group who do things together with everyone 's approval . 
  retarded thought . 
  no wonder they want to flee that region . 
  it is scary . 
  a lot of countries do n't allow its citizens to renounce their nationality . 
  for example , the moroccan or algerian nationality is non-renouncable , even if not you , but one of your parents was born in one of these countries . 
  but they already know this . 
  with this proposal , they know they have to strip away their european nationality for them to not be a dual-citizen . 
  which makes them way easier to deport ... https://ind.nl/paginas/landenlijst-behoud-nationaliteit.aspx, 
  the netherlands completely dismissed on this map , even though we have immigrants from almost every country in the world . 
  pls, 
  i 'm not saying it 's true that this divide has effect on germany , i 'm saying people think it does . 
  in the other thread with a less-detailed graph about this , people made this assumption of a divide . 
  also , i think next to the religion difference , berlin and bavaria help those stats a lot . 
  say it how it is . 
  geert wilders did n't only go to trial , geert wilders was convicted and fined for hate speech . 
  the party has a bit over 1 million voters . 
  we 're a country of 17 million people . 
  1m does n't make 16m far right . 
  it 's because on statistics on these kind of topics , there is a clear huge difference between the two sides of the ` iron curtain ' . 
  western europe is mostly green , while eastern europe is more red . 
  the iron curtain used to divide germany in west and east . 
  how are the borders with norway and switzerland ? 
  edit : oh , and how about gibraltar ? 
  well , i guess that 's why the political spectrum varies from left to right . 
  you believe the government should n't intervene with the striving of individuals ( freedom ) , i believe the government is a guardian that should protect those that are n't able to do it themselves ( equality ) . 
  i get that you do n't want to pay higher taxes for others when you work your ass off , but yeah ... 
  i think you 'd think otherwise if you were in a wheel chair . 
  those that are strong should help those that are weak . 
  that 's the essence of the social contract . 
  we give away some of our individual ( economic ) freedom , to ensure the freedom and well-being of the collective . 
  do n't be so quick to assign the top percentages towards groups . 
  being gay is still a tolerated vs. accepted thing here . 
  especially under young , straight dutch men . 
  you may have the same rights , but seeing you as equal ... not so much . 
  straight men do n't usually befriend gay men , and making fun of ` being gay ' is still very much present in society . 
  it depends . 
  you can divide the dutch population in roughly two parts : randstad metro area in the west ( about ~ 10 million civilians ) and the rest of the country ( north , east , south and south-west ) ( about ~ 7 million civilians ) . 
  the randstad is mostly left-leaning ( with exceptions ) and hugely diversified in cultural aspects , the rest of the country is mostly conservative and right-leaning in international issues ( with exceptions ) . 
  people in the west have very similar point-of-views to scandinavia . 
  especially in amsterdam . 
  i really like nordic countries on issues like policies in politics , as the social-democracy form you guys ( and us as well ) use is pretty fantastic imo . 
  good social security is key for a good society . 
  why did you call my mom ? 
  almere ????? 
  why would you mention the netherlands ' slightly off centre butthole, 
  it 's dutch haha, 
  pls , dutch is so easy . 
  it 's like easier english . 
  they are filling huge parts of the sahara desert in morocco with solar power plants . 
  they could sell it to us , but we need spain as a gateway to europe for transporting the energy . 
  i heard that people actually do n't dislike our accent . 
  which i do n't believe at all , our english accent rips my spine out my back errrrrrr ` time . 
  we really need to . 
  the us is dead , either it 's us filling the void or asia . 
  this . 
  queen al-zabith wen-suur *, 
  ^ shhhhh !, 
  * ^ ^ ^ fuck ^ ^ ^ your ^ ^ ^ water ^ ^ ^ we ^ ^ ^ gon na ^ ^ ^ drain ^ ^ ^ it * ^ ^ ^ ** all **, 
  our government does n't really care . 
  we follow the eu carefully most of the time . 
  the only reason we want to freeze the accession talks is because we have elections coming up ( march 2017 ) , and we do n't want public opinion shifting towards ` fear for migrants/migration from a muslim country ' . 
  that would lead to more voters to the pvv , a useless populist party with no realistic ideas for governing . 
   ideally the accession talks should be frozen permanently , only the be reopened if the eu memberstates agree to it . 
  personally , i disagree that turkey joining the eu is a good idea at the moment . 
  it 's not about their religion or whatsoever , or them being more dependent on us than we gain from them ( they have a pretty strong and big economy and strategic geolocation that could benefit us a lot ) , it 's just that it is a very ( politically ) unstable country at the moment . 
  but the eu made a deal with turkey , and i believe firmly that a deal = a deal . 
  you do n't promise to do something and then do n't do it . 
  it 's important for the eu to realize that it was a dumb move , and learn from it in the future . 
  but now , you have to suffer the consequences of your mistakes . 
  basic beers ( heineken , amstel , etc. ), 
  are okay , not great .
