nationalism is only the symptom . 
  the regressive left is the sickness . 
  they are deconstructing national identity , the most fundamental many humans relate to . 
  nationalism is only the blowback , a call to preserve national identity . 
  because the rest of europe is much more susceptible to corruption . 
  the lowest common denominator is the problem . 
  the only solution for us is if we get to define the political organisation ourselves . 
  there is a reason the word ombudsman comes from scandinavia . 
  i love europe and europeans though . 
  we truly are the greatest continent in the solar system . 
  maybe he is talking about the ataturk post-ottoman days . 
   the rise of the far right can partly be attributed to leftists sticking their heads in the sand let 's be honest here , it 's the the biggest reason . 
  a lot of norwegians voted in our current government on a single issue , immigration ( fyi , i could not decide and did not vote at all ) . 
  and we all knew they would only bring oligarchic policies to the table , that is , less taxes for the rich and worse-everything for everyone else . 
  without the lefts insane immigration policies the far-right would be laughable . 
  i also think the rise of the far-right is the only reason the left is starting to close the borders and send back a lot of economic migrants these days . 
  i 've said this a long time , a leftist party with a conservative immigration agenda would be insanely popular now with the current economic climate . 
  that people in almost every nation has to choose between national seppuku combined with socialism or national-preservation combined with oligarchy is the real mystery . 
  and yeah , i like to talk black and white and generalize a bit to get my point across , 
  indeed , but the result is basically the same . 
  the death of a culture . 
  we have enough humans on this planet so that is n't the biggest worry to be honest ( in a scenario of outright genocide vs a dissolution of a nation ) . 
  culture defines our thoughts and actions , while genetics do not . 
  that 's why in many minds , anti-nationalism is scarier than nationalism . 
  one seeks to destroy culture , while the other seeks to preserve it . 
  i see the dutch bid and raise with a brand new nordic union with a super-monarch king of kings from slesvig-holstein if the territory is handed over to us . 
  your super king will have the privilege of addressing his populace in a new years eve speech . 
  he will also have the privilege of making formal complaints to his sub-monarchs whenever they act unruly . 
   the fact is that while hitler was gathering german lands and he united germany , austria , the sudetenland , and memel without a single drop of blood . 
  if hitler stopped at that , he would be remembered in his country 's history as a politician of the highest order . 
  probably correct ... without the genocides of course . 
  it 's not heinous like raping a baby . 
  but it 's heinous in the sense that the one you cheat on will likely suffer mentally for years because of your actions , or rather inaction in the example you give when a person do n't want to be with someone and yet ca n't bother to leave . 
  cheating can be way worse than physical violence for the well being of the victim . 
  i agree we can only commit to an extent . 
  asking for honoring a completely normal commitment is not exactly pushing it . 
   that betrayal thing is a leftover from medieval religious brainwashing . 
  uhh . 
  it increases the chances of std for your partner . 
  it increases the chance for violence or manipulation for all partners . 
  secondly , we commit and have partners because we want full support , not half-assed `` icouldjustleaveyouforsomeoneelse '' kind of support . 
  cheating is morally wrong because you break the commitment and promise for full support . 
  it has nothing to do with religious brainwashing . 
  do you have any sources on that ? 
  did the english , french or spanish specifically state their goal to populate america with as diverse populations as possible ? 
  oh it does n't really affect me . 
  tell that to the kurds . 
  the mistake was not dividing further by clear nation-state lines . 
  how much suffering would be prevented with a kurdistan , assyria and many others . 
  and turkey should have never existed , it legitimizes the invasion of turkic peoples in anatolia and established them as the majority over a large country with historically much more diverse populations . 
  well , all governments of nation states should be . 
  sadly europe is pressing for multiculture instead , which disintegrates the very concept of `` nation '' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nation  a nation is a large group or collective of people with common characteristics attributed to them - including language , traditions , mores ( customs ) , habitus ( habits ) , and ethnicity . 
   etc. 
  eventually 10 people are standing on the tram stop with exactly 2 m spaces , because they want to be polite and keep an appropriate distance chosen by the first two introverts . 
  they 're not even introverts . 
  the second person thinks , oh , there 's a person there . 
  since there is so much space i 'll stand a couple of meters away so the first person can keep personal space . 
   i 'm gay that 's cheating . 
  are you saying you make friends with strangers on public transport ? 
  i ca n't even remotely fathom how weird it would be to try to get contact information from a stranger after a meager 5-30 minute of boring small-talk . 
  the only time i got any joy out of talking to strangers on public transport was on a greyhound from la to las vegas with a old rich dude who could hold a conversation by himself . 
  i was still not remotely interested in getting his contact number or whatever . 
  i was thinking eggs benedict cucumbersnatch, 
  no country can survive with sub replacement fertility rates over time . 
  if most women in germany is having 0-1 children , the few that have 3 + is literally saving the country from dying out and should be celebrated . 
  entitled ? 
  i ca n't imagine viewing my post in such a manner . 
  it 's written as if i am a tourist in that case , but the same goes for my own culture and country . 
  fuck do i hate american `` white vs black '' thinking . 
  i dont want to meet poles or germans either when im in england . 
  new world people never seem to get this . 
  i want to meet english people with english traditions . 
  skin is irrelevant here , the english culture is what 's dying . 
  instead of fish n chips we get even more kebab . 
  no , read up the term fascist again . 
  few here advocate for dictatorship . 
  actually the state exists already to protect the nation . 
  that 's a nation state ... 
  in your silly little world we can not have any laws because they exist to preserve a nation . 
  ^ #justregressivethings, 
  you already said you do n't care if native germans die out . 
  even becoming a minority would be a fatal blow to german culture and therefore the german language and eventually economy and all else would lead to a civilization spiral of death for germany . 
  i 'm curious , have any `` communist '' or `` socialist '' governments ever implement full public ownership of the means of production ? 
  i 'd imagine since these countries often have been poor that corruption have been rampant . 
   article 4 freedom of faith and conscience ( 1 ) freedom of faith and of conscience , and freedom to profess a religious or philosophical creed , shall be inviolable . 
  the nazi symbols ban already violates this and basically voids it altogether in most peoples minds . 
  if you ban hateful ideologies you might aswell ban islamist symbols also . 
  or iranian ones . 
  we had a law proposal here in norway that we could ban funding of religious houses from countries without freedom of religion . 
  seems completely reasonable , justified , equal and all that good shit . 
  yeah now it 's 4 times more expensive and pays twice as much . 
  hey ... we might be giving them a mountain on their birthday . 
  what are you giving , lithuania ? 
  i agree denmark probably has more very good arable land . 
  but food can also come from fish , kelp and there certainly is plants that will grow together fine in historical rocky pine forest land . 
  norway was as of 2014 the second largest seafood exporter in the world . 
  what i mean is each of the scandinavian countries could probably if needed support a population at least 5x the current size . 
  i heard denmark produces enough food alone to feed 50 million people . 
  i 'd think sweden could do the same . 
  norway too .
