not that recent , but here in hanover we had [ fritz haarmann ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fritz_haarmann ) , a serial killer who after killing his vicitims had cheap meat to sell . 
  i never met a romanian and never trained along side them , so idk . 
  never had a discussion about the romanian forces either , so they are probably ok . 
  the eastern european states had their militaries recover pretty fast , especially in comparison to their economy . 
  being close to russia might have helped in that regard . 
  france and germany are brothers . 
  they should work together as close as they can . 
  what we have today is n't enough i think , there should be put more effort into the coorporation . 
  aristocratic ? 
  i am the exact opposite to be honest . 
  the only nobility my family had were some dutch nobles . 
  but in the bundeswehr there are some remainders of aristocracy . 
  there are many in the reconaissance , since it 's the spawn of the cavalry . 
  there are 2 kinds of soldiers in my experience : those who want a war and the good ones . 
  why would a soldier want a war ? 
  we 're the guys who get blown to pieces legally . 
  the best soldiers are lazy and peace loving . 
  the mindset is totally different . 
  civilians are way more egoistic , civvy street is demanding . 
  you have to make sure you have health insurance , you have to take care of your pension , you have to deal with employers who would press you out for some more cents they can make of you . 
  it 's a different world . 
  more support for veterans ? 
  i myself do n't think i 'll need more or any help from the bundeswehr . 
  more support for those who need it because they come back damaged after being deployed ? 
  absolutley . 
  especially against ptsd there is done too little i think . 
  i volunteered because i am from a family that was opposed every bit of military action or participation after ww2 . 
  i grew up with stories about how bad the war was , how evil military is etc. 
  that made me snap , if that does make any sense to you . 
  i wanted to see it for myself and it grew on me . 
  so i stayed . 
  why did i stay ? 
  because despite all the problems , all the short comings , all the annoying stuff that came with the job it was a great experiance . 
  i never saw a bunch of strangers bundle together so fast and help each others so much . 
  on our first big march after being in the field for a week something in my foot broke . 
  i could n't walk without tremendous pain and i asked my superiors to just get me on a jeep and drive me to the medics . 
  instead the sergeant took my backpack and the others helped me to hobble back to the baracks and arrive on my own 2 feet . 
  nobody complained or pointed a finger at me . 
  they helped without even thinking a second about it . 
  i never saw that outside of the military . 
  civilians tend to ask what they can get if they do something for you which is quite unpleasent at times . 
  what was studying for it like ? 
  hard to say . 
  you learn more about yourself and you see that you get molded by the training . 
  the subjects of training themselves are n't that hard to grasp , getting the right mindset is . 
  i am most definetly not happy at the moment . 
  i work in a shitty , underpayed job and have to relearn the civilian way of thinking and living . 
  it is quite different . 
  i plan on studying some more to become a teacher in the future , which will give me a better payed job and hopefully make me a full state employed clerk . 
  the dynamics depend on the persons involved . 
  yes , cadets and not fully trained officers to have to live through a lot of banter , but i myself never had real problems with it . 
  there are some guys , mostly pretty young , who think that their rank should be taken extremly serious while having next to no experience at all . 
  that does cause some problems . 
  i myself did n't have these problems . 
  i never oversteped and neither did anyone towards me , i never played the rank card . 
  i actually told people not to salute me unless there was a superior officer present , since i never felt like i actually earned the salute at that point . 
  that did in fact made some of the sergeants take me more serious . 
  once you earned their trust and established the relationship with them most ncos do work quite well with you . 
  it 's pretty simple if you stick to the rule of thumb that you as an officer are responsible for the what , the ncos for the how . 
  well , the combat experience is n't really an issue . 
  what hurt my family more was losing everything due to bombings . 
  bocholt , the city where they lived back then , was destroyed by 80-90 % because the local nazi official declared it to be a fortress , which actually meant that they had a volkssturm unit and 4 trenches . 
  no , we do n't study these tactics specificly , but we use them as most , if not all armies do . 
  ww2 set the rules for conventional warfare in many cases . 
  so yes , there are lessons to be learned , both from defeat and victory of the wehrmacht , but as well the adaptation the red army did and how sturdy the brits were . 
  units i do n't know , but i had 4 relatives serve in the wehrmacht , one in the luftwaffe , the others in the army . 
  another one served in the waffen-ss . 
  all of them did fight on the eastern front , 2 of them were kia , one in the battle of kursk and one in the ukraine . 
  2 were later captured by the allies , one by the red army during the battle for berlin . 
  yes . 
  being an officer is a demanding task especially for the head . 
  academic skills are pretty much neccessary to do your job right . 
  but you need to be on board with the ideals of the bundeswehr , elsewise it is futile . 
  but they are not in europe . 
  but them using it would make sense , since they have one of the most recently founded militaries with a pretty modern way of thinking . 
  i do n't think a european army would work and it would n't be a good idea right now . 
  look how poland is drifting away from the ideals of the union , a shared army would also call for a shared command . 
  as long as europe has n't reached full stability , there ca n't be a functional army . 
  well we always had trouble with spying and were taught how to act against foreign influence . 
  cyberwar does only really hurt on the big level , we were n't influenced by it at all . 
  the bundeswehr is creating a cyber war unit . 
  idk how that 's going to be honest . 
  combat experience ? 
  quite some i 'd say . 
  the bundeswehr is engaging missions now with far more willingness to fight . 
  how do we deal with asymmetric warfare ? 
  like americans , only that we tend to drop far less bombs or drone strickes on civilians . 
  but it is pretty simple in theory : capture/kill the insurgents win hearts and minds of the people rebuild the country and arm the people who like you , so they kill the insurgents for you leave 5 . 
  i wish there would be at least some interest in the bundeswehr outside of the scandals that come to light from time to time . 
  if the bw is in the news you can be pretty sure that someone somewhere messed up , that is painting a worse picture than it actually is . 
  foreign forces never had that much of an influence on the bundeswehr to begin with , it was a friendly coexistence but little more . 
  it hurts the regions , since british troops brought a lot of money with them . 
  i think the bundeswehr performed accordingly to the mission it got assigned . 
  the first few years politicians wanted the bundeswehr not to fight , if possible . 
  they thought it would be a better picture to see german soldiers digging wells , giving teddy bears to children and wave and smile a lot . 
  during the last 2 years the mission changes and the taliban was directly attacked , with great success , but it was way too late and too little to really change the outcome . 
  i do n't know honestly . 
  one of the problems of the bundeswehr is that for the last 27 years each and every government started their reform package and the second a new minister of defense was appointed they scratched the old reforms and started new ones . 
  von der leyen is the most stable thing we had for the last 3 decades . 
  this and moral corruption basically .
