  there are too many soldiers simply in for a comfy job without any risk of becoming unemployed , there is a lack of idealism . 
  no , in reality everybody wants to adapt to it , but using it are only germany and austria , irrc . 
  i guess that would 've been the guy who completely forgot to carry the machine gun of our squat during basic training . 
  we had an alarm and then came the comand ` machinegun , fire 3 bursts at xxx ' and the response was ` we do not have a machine gun ... ', 
  while working as a helper against the floods 4 years ago , maybe . 
  drinking - or saufen - has always been a part of being a soldier . 
  as a conscript we had our flurparties ( hall parties ) and spindsaufen ( locker drinking , basically everyone sits on top of their locker and the first one going to the toilet has to pay the bill for everyone ) , but it was n't mandatory . 
  as an officer i had to attend so many occasions where we had do drink that i basically became a working alcoholic for some time . 
  as bad as lower ranks do drink , as an officer you have to drink more and stil function . 
  in this regard the german armed forces are as historical as it gets . 
  for all those who might question my credentials : https://picload.org/view/rwdpiiil/011.jpg.html, 
  as i said , in an open invasion or the unlikely case of germany delcaring war on anyone ( in a justified case ) i would rejoin the force without a doubt . 
  but in the case of a dirty war , i do n't think i would want to participate . 
  does it command respect ? 
  kinda differs . 
  when i tell people that i was an officer most people do respect it . 
  but that is more due to the fact that we are pretty rare ( and for some people officers still are an elite cast - going back to the wilheminische \u00c4ra ) . 
  but in general no , the bundeswehr is n't that respected . 
  people do tend to acknowledge the armed forces more than in the recent past , but it is seen more as a job like a firefighter for example . 
  i do n't know exactly , i have been out of the maintenance unit for 6 years , but i do n't think it has changed to be honest . 
  i feel sorry for you . 
  when i was younger i really felt like you guys were living the dream , being cheered upon and all that stuff . 
  then i did some research and thought that that had to be anti american propanda . 
  but the truth was harsh and i had to accept that i would be rather be spit upon for serving , but at least receiving a half decent treatment afterwoods , then being greeted on the street and then discarded . 
  i hope you are allright now !, 
  i really do hate gutenberg for dispanding the mandatory service because that did damage our system pretty badly and i think that a year of service for the community does really help young people to get a broader horizon . 
  no , i was n't deployed . 
  i had the choice to either be deployed or have my officer training started . 
  i chose the latter . 
  i met the son of a afghan warlord , who happened to be a afghan general . 
  unpleasent figure , i assure you . 
  that 's a tough one . 
  the bundeswehr ranks pretty low , i 'd say in the last 10 % . 
  finance the bundeswehr accordingly for 5 years and they go up to the top 10 % though . 
  and the german army will always excel in one thing : we do have the best soldiers , since we use auftragstaktik . 
  i think that modern days do not really need conscription , but a mandatory service for both sexes that can be served in the armed forces or as a civilan helper for e.g. 
  hospitals . 
  i think everybody should do a year of service for the community . 
  i was one the last ones to be conscripted for 9 months , even though i volunteered for 12 months . 
  i was given the choice to either serve 9 or 12 months . 
  that phase was n't that bad for us in our unit , even though the training unit in our baracks comlained about the bad morale of the new recruits who only had to do 6 months . 
  yes , peng is bang , the sound of a gunshot, 
  i met : candians americans afghans japanese polish estonians britsh burkina fasonians it was always lovely . 
  even though the afghans were n't that nice . 
  and i think some cadets from eastern europe were prosecuted for rape after staying at our academy ... 
  in an open invasion ? 
  yes . 
  in a scenario like in the ukraine ? 
  i do n't know . 
  this is part of the reason why i as an officer lost faith in our system and was glad to quit . 
  if my country needs me , i 'll rejoin the forces gladly , but i do not believe in our government anymore . 
  yeah , that is the bundeswehr i know . 
  once i became a cadet a sergeant ( feldwebel ) told us ( we had many new recruits who started as cadets ) that that would n't be a thing and never happened at all . 
  i and other cadets with prior experience had to laugh out loud . 
  the american attitude towards soldiers is like a whore . 
  nice to look upon , nice to experience for a short time but pretty nasty up close . 
  american veterans do in fact suffer a pretty bad fate . 
  they very often end up unemployed , homeless and are frowned upon . 
  it might look nice from the outside but i 'd rather be a soldier in every other western country than in the us . 
  depends . 
  having the real thing in your hand is another experiance for sure !, 
  i do n't know of that incident but it seems very likely to be honest . 
  i had my share of walking through the woods and shouting ` peng ' since i had no training rounds . 
  prussia and it 's traditions are frowned upon by most germans , since the allies in the west did everything to repress what they saw as ` hostile prussian militarism ' . 
  i as an officer was totally clear that my training and our traditions directly come from prussia , it 's military traditions and that the bundeswehr in fact is the decendent of the former armed forces ** including ** the wehrmacht . 
  i saw it as my obligation to learn from the military professionalsm of these times but as well take my lessons never to follow orders blindly . 
  that would be worth a scandal today , i guess . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  i do n't really understand . 
  1 ) the financing is and was a problem . 
  i had to take the basic training 2 times . 
  the first as a conscript and the second as a cadet . 
  during my time as a conscript we had shortage in ammunition ( both live and training rounds ) , as a cadet we had everything we needed and more . 
  i shot my gun more often in those 6 months then in the other 5\u00a01/2 years . 
  while i served there was a shortage in everything . 
  we did n't had duct tape for quite some time in one unit , so we reused everything we got . 
  i knew tank and armored infantry battailons that had 9/10 of their gear not working . 
  2 ) most demanding was the time as a conscript . 
  i worked on the bo 105 as a mechanic and to repair one helicopter we had to dissemble 3 others and patch one up . 
  the system would 've worked , if we had new spare parts , but so the aircraft just started to pile up in our hangar , which was frustrating to see . 
  3 ) the bundeswehr is not that much bully friendly . 
  there are many mechanisms in place to prevent it , even though there is some kameradenerziehung . 
  i myself had a fellow soldier we cleaned by force at night since he did n't grasp the concept of not stinking . 
  4 ) i personally would rather see a mandatory service for both sexes in civilian live as a helper in a hospital e.g. 
  alternatively people should have the option to serve in the armed forces for some time . 
  no , the times of the ex-wehrmacht are over for a long time . 
  the treatment of recruits is quite soft to be honest , since the bundeswehr right now needs every single one of them and we do not use conscription anymore . 
  the bundeswehr is in a pretty bad shape . 
  20 years of cutting funds , more and more engagements with a public that does n't support those , the end of conscription combined with a negative demographic development in germany do hurt . 
  there is as well a problem with corruption as far as i can tell . 
  as common as greek gods , i guess . 
  depends on what you see as right winged . 
  we had far more conservatives than the ` normal ' society , we had a different picture of the past regarding prussia and the military traditions , but a captain i serverd under was a member of the spd . 
  we had our share of right winged extremists , but they were not very well liked and kicked out of service pretty fast . 
  i was in the army from 2010-2016 , so no . 
  i was part of the streitkr\u00e4ftebasis ( skb ) , which sums up most of the supportive units like communications , logistics and military police ( which i was a member of ) . 
  it 's a germanic word , we use anderthalb , so it has the same rootes i guess . 
  i guess something like ` oh , i did n't realize that the current government is just a company , i 'll join your cause ! ' . 
  those people love confirmation from officials and you could say that a recruit ( i was 20 back then , fresh out of school ) looks like an easy target . 
  these simpletons never confront people who know better .
