ah , i was under the impression that is basically the same at both sides . 
  though with the scandal with swiss bank accounts and stuff pp does seem to be in a league of its own . 
  quantitative easing targeting spain in particular would essentially taking ez tax payer funds to pay for a spanish recovery . 
  i mean doing this on a large scale , to allow for a recovery would open up for doing it in other crisis countries , and that would be unsustainable for the ecb . 
  i will , it 'll probably be a hilarious cavalcade with speeches of a `` solidaric europe '' as usual i.e. 
  give us money . 
  i mean seriously , spain has to a significant extent built its economy on white elephants during the last 20 years - roads , harbours , high speed rail , airports and whatnot . 
  this means that spain ca n't spend its way out of the crisis , a country can only have so many airports . 
  neither will it be able to borrow , since quite frankly the markets are aware that it wo n't pay back , and at that its run by people so corrupt that it is almost comical . 
  but is n't the corruption just as bad in the left , not only at a national level , but also on a regional ? 
  its not a high horse , its just facts from every conceivable report and measurement there is , such as ti , wef et.al . 
  agreed , since besides france the only real geo-political player in teh eu is britain . 
  i ca n't see how they could afford that . 
  i mean spain wo n't be given good interest rates anymore . 
  this 'd also lessen spanish competitiveness in an already bad state as it is . 
  while that might be true , its definitely not going to be fun for the rest of us from the north who 'll be stuck within a supranational cooperation with a few states that are near banana republics . 
  on the positive side , a britain that functions outside the eu will be a good example for countries poised to leave . 
  so in terms of economic reforms , to get the spanish economy going , what do they want to do ? 
  how fucking stupid can that woman be , there seems to be no bounds anymore when it comes to german stupidity . 
  i mean really , does she actually want a weakened north in the eu ? 
  a eu without britain will be much more vulnerable to southern incompetence . 
  just like germany is doing with the euro-zone then . 
  that old fat and incompetent portuguese communist is as corrupt as the rest of them . 
  the eu accountants still wo n't sign of the eu expenditures . 
  our job is ( almost ) done then . 
  so where 's this serbian-russian `` brotherhood '' now eh ? 
  that is a false equivalence , i have yet to see impartial information fr\u00e5n the russian side . 
  russia is trying to re-establish its hold of the ukraine through gw6 , this is not a radical statement . 
  you can read about this in the economist , foreign affairs , the new york review of books et.al . 
  that is reputable sources . 
  yes he did , this is just generation 6 warfare . 
  the leaders of these separatist movements have time and time again been found to be gru officers , and the people doing the fighting are russian soldiers on `` vacation '' . 
  these people have no legitimate demands what-so-ever . 
  i 'm sorry , but i think that is naive . 
  there wo n't be any cease-fire from the russian side until putin has what he wants , which is [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mariupol ) and teh eu simply can not let him get that . 
  so what responsibility does the ukraine have ? 
  you think it should just let russia take a huge chunk of it ? 
  putin aims to make the ukraine land-locked . . 
  no clapping , please say it ai n't so . 
  he changes so often that i 've lost track . 
  while that is true , at the same time the big b-52 bombers in teh us had a far more central role during the cold war and were upgraded and much more developed than the russian counterparts . 
  hence i do n't think that a comparison between the two can be made . 
  so ` naturalgreek ' , where 's your god now ? 
  ai n't that the truth ... it 'd be fun if we in the west just left the general mena area to fend for itself . 
  let it have a battle royale once and for all . 
  i 'm sure ikea can find a way to sell some stuff to rebuild when they are done . 
  it 'd be a nice profit in it . 
  yeah i know , but still its a sitting duck . 
  but protecting that antiquated machine today would be such a hazzle . 
  i mean its not a strato-bomber like the ones the us uses . 
  is n't the tu 95 slow as hell , and at that so noisy that you can basically track it by simply turning your ear to the sky ? 
  that is hopefully true , still a new minority government , which it will be , wo n't get a nato initiative to pass either . 
  well , since the government has stated that it wo n't happen this article is kinda moot ... 
  furthermore , we should fix our own fucking defence , rather than trying to rely on others . 
  god almighty , all of this nato spam amongst liberals in this country is infuriating . 
  it does have a tendency to produce very good looking women . 
  how could that possibly help a country that is going into a * triple-dip recession * , stuff that in macro economics was almost unheard of outside theory just a few years ago . 
  god dammit , realise that the euro is killing the country . 
  given rising poverty rates , extraordinary costs related to anything medical , a in many cases unhealthy food culture and the `` sit still '' way of life it is to be expected of the us to trail behind . 
  ai n't no way we are `` green '' in that chart , absolutely not . 
  150 seems reasonable given reliable foreign sources . 
  still , its close double the 90 persons reported in our media . 
  my point is simply that to get the correct estimates you need to turn to foreign media . 
  the burden of proof is not on me . 
  lul , i 'm not asking whether swedish media has acknowledged that isis fighters are a real thing , we all know that , and it is completely irrelevant to this discussion . 
  if you go on being all hight and mighty moralistic about me getting information from `` right wing blogs '' , while at the same time covering for our media you have to put up or shut up . 
  fro you the latter seems to apply . . 
  you are n't answering the question , where have you read about 200 people joining isis in swedish media ? 
  where can you read about 200 citizens in swedish media ? 
  last report in swedish media talks about 90 persns . 
  you wo n't see this in our national media , lul . 
  out of our own cheeses it is [ v\u00e4sterbotten ost ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/v%c3%a4sterbotten_cheese ) , out of international cheeses its [ saint agur blue ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saint_agur_blue ) . 
  none of that is specific to the us . 
  britain has had a huge influence on the western world in general , in everything from government , to tech . 
  also , classic british literature is thought throughout the world . 
   the american economy , oil , defense , nuclear and everything , is basically fair game for british business . 
  oh , now that is simply not true , given the amount of money in washington , lobbyists , and the domestic military industrial complex . 
  does iraq ring a bell ? 
  that is really the poster child for military quagmires . 
  as for intelligence , the storm of findings about british involvement in spying on other european counties not only damaged british reputation among its fellow european states , but also british public trust in their government . 
  true that , we ca n't take care of ourselves even , just look at the current cluster fuck in our neighbourhood . 
  nuclear missiles are irrelevant in this context . 
  the relevant stuff is that american and british societies do not share some `` brotherly bond '' or whatever . 
  rather its two societies that are very different . 
  if you strip away some recent ideological similarities such as teh new right , and britain being a us lapdog in the wonderfully conceived iraq invasion , you 'll hardly find anything . 
  yeah , a few hundred years ago , but so did france ( besides linguistics ) , and you do n't see them toting a special relationship . 
  but do you honestly believe that the cooperation is on equal terms ? 
  i mean its basically the us screwing them over , not only in the survalliance stuff , but in military quagmires in general . 
  barroso should encourage portugal to take on more immigration . 
  that 's a good point . 
  that the `` special relationship '' is nothing more than british delusions should be obvious to anyone alive . 
  i mean , its special in the way that it is really , really one-sided , but beyond that the shared ` new right ' ( thatcher/reganism ) ideological heritage from the 1980s there is hardly anything . 
  oh , damn , it was that close . 
  how ? 
  in our case a politicized school destroyed by leftist ideology . 
  i refuse to believe that it could possibly be that bad . 
  i suppose in a way i should thank the russians for making my side ( conservative ) basically win in the defence issue . 
  the government will now be forced to put way more money into defence , just like i want . 
  i do hope the russian 'll visit gothenburg as well , we need to reopen the naval base there , and oh , do please fly over gotland , so we can reopen the airbase as well . 
  surprised to see britain on the map .
