  i agree with you that the euro is a clusterfuck in the way is constructed . 
  though still , i do n't think that a syriza type party would have been greeted differently anywhere else . 
  the former czech president is a good example of this . 
  as in regards to interest rates and lending - greece had the same interest rates as the rest of the ez , it was the choices made by greek politicians that put greece in the current situation , not banks lending money , this since the whole idea with teh low interest rates was to create a convergence of behaviour within the ez , which obviously did n't happen . 
  you 're essentially arguing that greece has a right to welfare state ( pensions et.al . ), 
  regardless of its ability alone fund it . 
  there is simply no legal basis for such a claim , including in the report you linked . 
  the ez in itself is not subject to these laws , as the report also states . 
  your links do not corroborate that greece has been subject to unlawful meassures from the ez . 
  well thats how bailout works , to keep greece from collapsing due to its financial situation . 
  the bailouts were never inteded to be some kind of investment scheme for greece , but rather to keep the financial obligations from blowing up in the faces of greek politicians . 
  furthermore , greece is the only country were austerity has n't worked , this is less due to he program itself and more due to greek incompetence in reformning the country . 
  you make it seem like the greek government has an inherent right to funds from other ez member-states . 
  it does n't . 
  it 'd be infiltration rather than an outright invasion . 
  likely confined to narva , estonia , which world have too much of an opportunity cost for nato to intervene . 
  hence , the conflict would be compartmentalized by both nato and the eu . 
  the estonians would likely be offered compensation for territorial loss , brokered by germany pimarely . 
  this is what would happen if they tried some shit in the baltics . 
  nato would n't lift a finger , but rather compartmentalize the conflict due to major member-state interests . 
  [ which promptly got rejected ] ( http://www.ekathimerini.com/4dcgi/_w_articles_wsite1_1_09/06/2015_550840 ) . 
  iceland . 
  waste of money . 
  send them back to where they came from . 
  those industries produced inferior goods , it was either that or bankruptcy . 
  that is also how the eu works , in regards to the movement of people goods and services , witch the brits also have to abide to . 
  it does however not mean that polish politicians should try to meddle in british politics . 
  the ecj has also in a verdict made clear that member-states have the right to deny benefits to nationals from other member-states . 
   `` you can not keep all the goodies and forget about the costs . 
  is n't this what poland is doing ? 
  poland sucks up eu benefits like a sponge , externalises its unemployment and has the audacity to try to meddle in british politics . 
  it is no wonder the brits are tired of the free movement of people . 
  no , its not . 
  the labour market over all is still among the most regulated in europe , with a key difference from the rest of the eu , that in the case of greece regulations are there to protect vested interests . 
  shipping has also been on the ropes for years , and hte agricultural sector is focused on the wrong crops . 
  tourism is still good though . 
  what planet are you living on ? 
  people here not having bad impressions of somalians ? 
  they are included in the muslim category . 
  are you seriously telling me that the make up of the greek economy , that is overwhelmingly geared towards on one hand public sector jobs and on the other small service sector companies , will work out in the long run ? 
  there is next to no fdi in grece , it has one of the most rigid labour markets in the eu et.al . 
  thre is no way this will work out in the long run . 
  they have nothing to build a functioning economic model on , but rather seems to gamle on the notion that the rest of teh eu will provide cheap credit for an indefinite future , at least that is how it looks in the agreement sent to the troika from tzipras . 
  i mean its like a bad joke that a country can be run by people this incompetent . 
  and the alternative would be what exactly ? 
  in what way could the cluster-fuck that is the greek economy / chances for the future survive within the ez ? 
  this will make the french so butthurt , as it will show that germany and its interests i.e. 
  to keep britain within the eu , will prevail . 
  which will also be good for us in the north , since britain is a massive part of our weight in both the council and council of ministers . 
  so what ought to be done then ? 
  should the ez and / or eu member-states prop up greece indefinitely ? 
  if sucessive greek governments had been serious in the attempts to facilitate job creation it would n't be this bad . 
  also , greece already before the crisis suffered from both hight youth unemployment and seasonal unemployment , just like spain . 
  the labor market regulation plays a massive part in these rates . 
  interesting to see cold war symbolic politics related to sports making a return . 
  i 'm all in favour though . 
   including a greek state company , one almost feels sorry for the russians . . 
  of course this would happen . 
  it will be viewed as a ntb that infringes on the movement of goods and people . 
  but i thought the nazis were still biding their time on the dark side of the moon . 
  gunnar h\u00f6kmark is surely crying his eyes out for not being able to visit russia ... 
  should this be the case the french are going to lose their standing to a large degree . 
  you can look up whatever of the big indexes , such as ti , wef , oecd as well as commission reports . 
  they all speak the same langage when it comes to corruption , red tape and management . 
  these are not opinions but expert views , compilations and reports about the state of the greek state , about insitutional and normative factors explaining why the state dos n't work . 
  these are not the failure of the ez , regardless of the ez in itself being built on wishful thinking . 
  also , greece blew over the 3 % goal during the entire period from the inception of the euro to the crash . 
  while other member-states did the same it does not exempt the greek state for its decision to borrow . 
  no one , neither other ez governmets nor private insitutions , held a gun to sucessive greek prime ministers heads and forced them to rack up debt to create a welfare system via public works that it ca n't afford . 
  additionally , those banks were bailed out since it was necessary to avoid another lehman brothers . 
  to compare this to the greek sovereign debt crisis is apples and oranges to say the least . 
  yes , it is the responsibility of the greek people , since they are the ones who time and time again voted these people in offfice . 
  its not like a substancial part did n't earn lucrative public sector contracts / public sector employments as more or less rewards for voting for certain parties , i eman come on , you need to spend five minuts on google scholar typing in clientelism + greece to find articles in good journals . 
  you can not make the case that the greek state is functioning state akin to a western european state , it simply is not . 
  first one in the article looked like a cutie . 
  i 'll give you that the kamaz are good . 
  what about it is untrue ? 
  luckily the trucks were n't russian made at least . 
  the overwealming tendency among greek redditors to parot the view their politicians the current crisis as something external imposed by either germany or the troika on greek society . 
  this rather than accepting the fact that excessive private and public borrowing alongside missmanagement , clietelism , red tape , corruption and outright fraud with statistics is teh cause for the crisis . 
  a great part of polish growth can be attributed to the share of eu funds it manages to absorb . 
  also , where 's all them greek redditors playing victims gone ? 
  there is a distinct lack of them in this tread . 
  but i suppose this graph is german imperialistic conspiracy or something to that affect . 
  i would assume that they 're dumped in a passive-aggressive manner in britain . 
  we actually do via the ecj and court of first instance . 
  though to be fair these are at times good tools for citizens to demand their rights against the state . 
  however , if caught by money and / or zealots like the us ones not so much ... 
  two lovely us concepts - multiculturalism and white flight carried over to europe . 
  the only thing we need now is more outsourcing and more of a `` service economy '' and we 'll be in the shit as much as they are . 
  this is gon na bring a lot of snakes and other nasty crap to europe . . i do n't know about this ... 
  hardly a complete map . 
  we have \u00c5 , \u00c4 , \u00d6 in our alphabet . 
  nope . 
  those survivors have already gotten money . 
  add to that the the greek state has gotten money , and that the issue o german debt has already been settled . 
  how many times should these greeks get paid ? 
  indefinitely ? 
  whenever their politicians have fucked up their country ? 
  we do n't have pakistanis here .
