  just wait for mutti merkel to strike a deal with putin , he obviously wants the same thing as her . 
  no , there was * nothing * about that in the treaty . 
  i dare you to find it in print . 
  you 'll find speculations from gorbachev and cohen , but nothing more . 
  nato never promised anything like that , it was simply a conversation between the us president and the ussr counterpart . 
  no deal has even been made about something like that . 
  speaking about broken promises , what did russia promise when the ukraine gave up their nukes ? 
  its not the rest of the west , its mostly germany , and to some extent the italians , hungary and slovenia . 
  so here we have the eu with its `` soft power '' and german `` leadership '' , what a fucking travesty . 
  it is only fair that europe , and the eu , will be by and large irrelevant in the international system after this debacle . 
  of course i know that lobbying happens in the eu , its even institutionalized . 
  look at my earlier [ post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2en4m9/italy_wants_euus_trade_talks_made_public_the/ck1op8h ) . 
  the irony is that ts is trying to be a fucking cunt , by asking obvious questions . 
  do n't you understand irony ? 
  lol . 
  do you have a point ? 
  bar a few southen states nothing in the eu comes close to the [ amount of influence money buys in the us ] ( https://www.princeton.edu/~mgilens/gilens%20homepage%20materials/gilens%20and%20page/gilens%20and%20page%202014-testing%20theories%203-7-14.pdf ) . 
  i had no idea ... money in politics is a very different matter in the us when it comes to what influence money will buy . 
  the revolving door also makes sure that special interests will get what they want in this deal , be it it the us airlines or whatnot . 
  absolutely , the amount of lobbyists in brussels is astounding , and is to be expected , some of them are also a formalized part of the process . 
  the difference is though that they are n't more or less bought in the way that a lot of us politicians are , after all money is * the * factor in us politics . 
  at this level , in such a large agreement ofc . 
  the army of lobbyists are gon na play a huge part in what terms comes out of the us . 
  absolutely , let them live in the russian `` provinces '' and see for themselves just how nice life there is . 
  i ca n't believe that anyone still believes that something negotiated with the us government ( it does n't get more influenced by lobbyists than that due to the revolving door et.al . ), 
  would be anything but a disadvantage to us . 
  i would hope that some small change can come , but if we look at greek politics its still the usual suspects who 're in charge , and they keep to their old game of obstructionism and fervent populism regardng the talking point of the day . 
  i said studies , not news paper articles , and those three above makes general claims , that can be applied to sweden ? 
  nope . 
  there is a lof to take of , that kiruna politician who wanted to shot `` right wing '' journalists , the chemtrail kooks in the greens , the somali m rep. who thought it was okay to beat women , since the quran said so . 
  the v members who support violence , i could go on and on , but you wo n't read a lot about this , maybe some small articles , and apologism . 
  but have an sd member of a local council in random small county having posted some stupid shit on facebook x number of years ago and boy here we go , the government attack dog expo will have found it , and we 'll have a national media storm for about three days where talking heads in indignant articles are asking themselfs why sd just ca n't admit that they 're a bunch of space-nazis . 
  do link me these studies about sentences , from a reputable , non-swedish source . 
  but for gods sake , what is it you do n't get ? 
  just google `` allm\u00e4nna r\u00e4ttsmedvetandet '' it is supposed to be that way . 
  you 're just to perfect ** `` the difference between fps politic and sds , is that fp still have their grounds in facts while sd have their politics strictly based on misinformation and emotions . 
  '' ** and what do you base this on ? 
  do you have aany indication whatsoever that some evil sd person is sitting and dreaming up policy out of `` missinformation and emotions '' in a dungeon somewhere . 
  yes they are , under both leijonborg and bj\u00f6rklund it has traditionally been the party for order . 
  everything from language tests for migrants , a stricter school , more money to defence , harsher punishments ( used to be anyway ) , or well at least they 've paid lip-service during elections to these thoughts . 
  no , you simply do n't get it . 
  sentences are not supposed to be based on studies alone , rather are supposed to reflect the public sense of justice , it is in the god damn ` grundlag ' , go read it , it is to keep public confidence in the criminal justice system . 
  you seriously mean to tell me that our sentences are working out fine , or even should be lowered ? 
  this is also a good example of establishment hypocrisy that you are paroting . 
  when the social-liberals in m and fp call for harsher sentences there ai n't no outcry on the horrors of populism , but if sd does , oh man then its like god damn satan himself whispered into jimmie \u00c5kessons ear . 
  as i wrote they 've had fucked up mp : s , why they keep people like ekeroth only god know . 
  but as for the local level kooks , you have those in every party where the media to look , but they , wo n't since they ca n't create hit peices with that . 
  there are 27 other states in teh eu , and states in the mena-area that are that are bathing in money , since qatar et.al . 
  finances isis , they can take the migrants as well . 
  there is no reason for us to be some kinda god damn gullible international mother theresa . 
  i 'm simply not going to vote any of those 7 parties , i 've had it with support voting in kd just to see that block spit out this level of absurdity we 're seen this last few weeks . 
  even though they have had fucked up mp : s , and a kooks at the local level , you can find the same stuff in any should you launch the same witch hunt , with includes stuff like allowing ex-con leftist extremists establish registers over followers . 
  fact of the matter remains , their policies are very similar to the parties i counted , just go and compare party positions . 
  that old tabloid story since 2004 is irrelevant at best . 
  the rest of the parties well have to deal with it whether they like it or not . 
  when looking at policy ownership of specific issues sd ranks among the highest in its key issue , and it will likly be the king maker after the elections . 
  sd is a pretty standard conservative party ( i 'm voting for them ) , in line with the tories and ump et.al . 
  who 've been made a boggyman by our leftist media , and social liberal establishment . 
  i do n't think its possible to change greece , in other than small details . 
  greece is in general not a modern european society , rather it is deeply traditional , family based society more in tune with the states in its immediate surrounding area . 
  as for nationalism i 'd say that modern day hellenism pretty much assured that it would happen that way . 
  golden dawn did n't just pop up , greece had the ` laos ' party before that which was the same shit with a more refined front . 
  just go and look at any index you can find , be it economics , quality of government , corruption , fdi , quality of life , institutional trust or whatever , greece is in the absolute bottom of eu states , the former eastern states , bar romania and bulgaria has all passed greece in making the nessecary reforms . 
  the troika releases those statements becuase it have to , to keep the faith in ez up , they do n't really reflect reality in the sence that reforms are going well . 
  also , those evaluations where everyone gets the highest score you mean ? 
  yeah , lol , those have worked out fine ... those few persons who have gotten arrested amounts to nothing , and knowing greek courts they 'll get of with a slap on the wrist . 
  its the general graft in everyday life that needs to be dealt with . 
  no , you keep electing the incompetent halfwits , that is not to won up to the situation . 
  just open the opinion section of your random greek newspapers and you 'll see the warped world image where foreign evils are making conspiracy 's against greece . 
  the bailout programme would have worked , ahd greece sicked to it , ofc it did n't , rather greek governments have dragged their feet for years , and they still do ( !!, 
  i agree , its more or less the same tactic as samaras used during the papandreou presidency , an that he used to get elected - that he 's gon na free the greek state from the `` memorandum '' and foreigners meddling in geek affairs , while miraculously restoring growth . 
  that the memorandum is greek law is something non of them touched upon much . 
  such an assumption would assume that the greeks on their end would assume responsibility for the dysfunctional state and vote accordingly . 
  i my view they do n't at present , right after the crisis there was some owning up to the failings of the state , but as the crisis have progressed rather we sadly see a discourse of conspiracy where problems are blamed on `` the other '' , be it the troika , germans , the imf or whatnot . 
  hence its unlikely that the greek state will have some real imputes for change, 
  in the end it is a clientilist state on every level ; local , regional and national . 
  it is so ingrained that to weed it out you 'd have to fire so much people , and change structures in a way that would likely seize up the state . 
  to be every concice ; their ruling class has spent the last five years hacking away at public employee salaries , but done nearly no substantial reforms at all , mostly due to vested interests . 
  the greek state is still far from that of advanced european countries . 
  rather it is still bloated , inefficient and corrupt . 
  the lack of reform also applies to red tape , which is still a huge issue for both ordinary greeks and potential foreign investors . 
  the country has not tackled corruption , it is also still run but the same incompetent elite that has failed to resolve any of the country 's issues in the past . 
  a bright point is tourism where greece is making a comeback , , due to most likely to prize adjustment . 
  do n't worry , i\u00e4m sure there is a place for you somewhere in novorossiya . 
  i do n't think pulter 's gon na pay you , i mean you 're awful , you ca n't even stick to character , lol . 
  ah , butthurt then you show yourself as a complete fuck up , understandable . 
  i am a part of that second category . 
  he was a danger to the country . 
  before palme we were a well functioning country , however that champagne-socialist ruined everything . 
  could n't ' have written it better myself . 
  have an up-vote . 
  its not geographically located in europe , rather its in central asia so it ca n't join , that 's it , period . 
  yeah , its an an innocent mistake that just happened , because its really common to to mistake a fucking rocket accident with artillery barrage . 
  god almighty , you putler relativists are a tragic bunch . 
  i originally thought that greater german involvement in world affairs would be a good thing . 
  jesus tap-dancing christ was i fucking wrong . 
  i mean , yeah , obviously the ukraine should just let this stuff fester and turn it into another russian made [ frozen conflict ] ( http://www.foreignaffairs.com/articles/141210/jeffrey-mankoff/russias-latest-land-grab ) to avoid hurting poor putlers feelings . 
  just wow , i mean how dumb and gullible do you have to be to believe that the russians will just give this up ? 
  from a russian point of view the rational action ( assuming ra ) would be to just stall for time in order to shore up teh rebels . 
  dumb fucking western idealists have to learn to understand that putler does ** not ** see trade , globalisation , interconnectedness or what-fucking-ever as a primary policy goal , he sees the expansion of russian influence , politically and military as the rational action .
