  this is sacrilage isnt it . 
  ukraine is far to large for th eu to absorb given the enormous problems it faces in terms of corruption , political instability et.al . 
  its less about being sophisticated and more about our elite being [ `` davos men '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/davos_man#davos_man ) . 
  we have far worse in \u00c5sa linderborg and lena sundstr\u00f6m . 
  jan should focus on writing more hamilton books , i.e something that he is actually good at . 
  live here and have dissenting opinions to those of our rulers , then come back , 
  compared to us you people actually have a political debate and a `` debattklimat '' that allows for public discussion of controversial matters . 
  i am quite envious of this . 
  sweden : leftist idealists and neo-liberals . 
  alexandra stan , transylvania , bad roads , dacia etc. 
  ( from the top gear special ) . 
  hahaha . 
  ofc we 're scared , given just how much subsidies those get from the norwegian gov. 
  we do n't want them anywhere near us . 
  we don wan na pay a single krona , 
  that a leftist and ( southern i might add ) jorunalist it trying to apply the north ( western world ) - south ( africa et.al ) perspective on europ\u00e9 itself . 
  why ? 
  because she wants northen money , and if the north does n't foot the bill they are evil colonialists out to destroy the societies in the innocent south . 
  austerity is what the south has done to itself ( with the exception of portugal to a certain degree ) with bad policies , corruption et.al . 
  it is not the fault of the european north . 
  leftist journalists finding '' north-south '' perspectives inside the eu , cute . 
  so were the hell are they gon na live ? 
  and who is gon na keep them with alive ? 
  oh , thats right , us , they tax payers . 
  dumb idealistic fucks like yourself is the reason our country takes these decisions . 
  god almighty . 
  you think we can absorb this with an already high immigrant intake ? 
  idiot . 
  i 've always feelt for norway . 
  i mean you know its bad when someone sees our ( sweden ) prices as good . 
  wine , olive oil and golf courses ; a nice place for a lax vacation . 
  so the un forbids the troops to atcually do something and the duch have to pay for it . 
  such a fucking outrageous cop out form the worthless paper tiger that is the un . 
  like your uncle i do believe that our country took a profoudnly wrong turn under that awful man and his associates . 
  he was never a `` man onf the people '' rather an upper class idealist who placed his ideals ahead of the country . 
  i do n't believe he was a spy though . 
  this was obvious from the get go . 
  the profound scilence from both our media and politicians should have been a tell tale sign for you our dear neighbours . 
  that said i agree with the ieda of keeping tabs on the enemy ( russia ) . 
  yay , more people we ca n't support . 
  its so nice of our government to take these very costly decisions over the head of us citizens . 
  i 'm much anticipating the campaigns and avalanche of trash articles that we 'll get to see . 
  also , it 'll be interesting to see just how many policy areas sd can steal from our now former right wing . 
  we 're so lucky its election next year . 
  i know what i 'll be voting . 
  ohh , i did n't know of that , thanks !, 
  as much as i personlly would like my country to take a more active role in our ( now preivious ) area of influence i sadly doubt that our incompetent leaders will do so . 
  i mean estonia belongs with the rest of scandinavia , not russia . 
  i 'd like to learn icelandic , this seing as it is as close to the language of our ancestors as i can get . 
  true , my point is though that if we look at the reasons behind adopting a certain policy germany would be a far more rational actor than the us . 
  i mean obama has to pander to utterly delirious gop lunatics , that would not happen in germany . 
  i 'd say that germay would be a great choise as a rational counter to the anglo-americans in terms of global security , and at that for the security of europ\u00e9 . 
  this simply because germany is a far more rational actor than the us . 
  i refuse to believe that parking is a part of the greek drivers training corriculum . 
  if there is a parking valet sure , then they can park . 
  but only then !, 
  old men in three wheelers are the worst . 
  ) , crizis , horrible trafic , ca n't park , clear water , scenic country side . 
  no u, 
  i agree over all . 
  since ntb : s are out of the question the ez ca n't survive without a full transfer union ( i.e the next step after a banking union ) . 
  this said i hardly think it is feasable in the long run , this simply because of the fact that it will be widely unpopular in the north and ( assuming a transfer union is set in place ) all a northern oppsotion party needs to do ahead of an election is to state its intent to withdraw from said union and it 'll win . 
  and we 'll be back at square one . 
  why should the piigs be `` given investment money '' , more useless air ports in spain , or perhaps more deserted roads in portugal ? 
  what will you do when these `` gifts '' have run out ? 
  ask for more ? 
  do please enlighten us on how greece could grow itself back onto the markets . 
  no , the eu has been on their ass since he early 90s . 
  they still hav n't implemented the relevant laws though . 
  still ca n't buy them as a foreigner though . 
  this since a lot of the houses in the greek country side ( mostly summer homes ) are illegal ( no central land register . . ) . 
  to buy a summer house in greece is to set yourself up for a legal cluster fuck . 
  i hope you wo n't let em get away with it . 
  but at the same time i am familiar with the way southern politicians use to deflect public anger at a `` wedge issue '' rather dealing with stuff at hand , and sadly it does work a lot of times . 
  hopefully not this time around though . 
  my wording may have been of , i should have said openess to debate , this in the light of this portion of the text . 
  i found it quite ironic given our own public debate climate and openness to debate . 
  : * `` we know that you will agree that one of the hallmarks of free and open democracies is a vivid public debate addressing all fundamental aspects of society , including the balance and possible conflict between the legitimate security concerns of governments and the protection of privacy and the free press . 
  '' * debating all the fundamentas of society , thats something we certainly do in this country is n't it ? 
  he , along with with his ( swedish ) colleauges do not see it as their mission to create debate , to discuss issues of importance . 
  rather they 're quite happy to thread along reporting the views of their friends insinde our `` beltway '' . 
  hence i think he is a bad choise in promoting freedom of debate abroad . 
  know what , i 'd like to see him take his new found fondness of public debate home and write a piece ahead of or election . 
  i 'd like him to write a piece stating a want and need for vivid public debate regarding all fundamental aspects of society . 
  that would never happen . 
  rather we have dysfuntional debates regarding several policy areas , this due to wolodarski and colleagues . 
  also , i think it is preposterous and quite embarrassing to go about , as a nobody form a small nation to sign such a piece . 
  the primary interests of a state will always triumph that of the individual in issues such as this . 
  edit : it kinda pisses me of that he would go about signing such a peice aroad while being a central actor in our own dysfuntional public debate . 
  its nothing but a load of poustering at a safe distance from home . 
  but it does work dos n't it ? 
  i ca n't read spanish newspapers but as far as i understand from the english sites a lot of the spanish media have taken the bait completely in some nationalistic frenzy . 
  as for winter , i 'd welcome it about now , its been warm for far too long . 
  i may sound as a cynic ashole now , but you will elect them again . 
  the next time you 'll elect the socialists since they 'll be able to use the right buzzwords about solidarity , responsibility , equality and such . 
  this regardless of how corrupt they are ( i.e as bad as the current ones ) . 
  all this while the rest of us have to pretend that spain is a major power in europ\u00e9 while in the real world the country is supported b eu fund and relies on bad banking , un-needed and unsustainable housing supported by country wide scams through the regional savings banks . 
  you can pretty much disregard anything peter wolodarski says . 
  his version of press freedom is to function as an outlet for politicians and to promote bland centrism at all costs . 
  how fucking dumb can they get ?
