  the t34 was not engineerd in a good way , it was the shear numbers of them , a german lack of tanks and retret that made it possible to swarm the germans . 
  in tak-to-tak battles against a tiger tank they were inferior . 
  the ak-47 is the same deal really , the main scource of its popularity is the very basic design , its flooded the markets due the cold war , and being cheaply mass produced . 
  again its just quantity that has spead the weapons , not the engineering . 
  if we actually look at conflits ( battles between armed forces ) were russian arms have gone up against western arms ( such as the first iraq war ) the russian arms looses due to them being supar when compared to many western counterparts . 
  are you really trying to claim that russia is not trying to reasert itself in the former socvet republics ? 
  that is quite a claim . 
  do the ukranians want you there ? 
  period . 
  whats your argument ? 
  `` the us does therefore we can ? '' . 
  i do n't give a shit about the us , any country that elects the tea party crowd is beyond help ( you have similar partys to that crowd btw ) . 
  its far worse in russia given that you ca n't even hold fairly good standard elections , at a lot of eastern euope tries to change , russia however does not . 
  i bet your schoolsystem is kinda crappy as well . 
  difference is that we can be self-critical , and admit that our schoolsystem sucks . 
  you russians would just go into some pathetic rage and blame someone else . 
  specific ? 
  just look at the reports i suggested , if you wan na play world power ( ca n't even get moldova to do as you want , lol ) then you 'd be much higher up in a lot of ratings . 
  who cares about 70 y/o tanks , a defunct space station and a rifle that was past its prime in the 80s . 
  no i do n't own anything made in russia , why ? 
  because the most good that should be up for export are seen as ` inferior goods ' in western eurrope . 
  i 'll give you that smirnoff is good , and caviar , that is true . 
  i 've also meet some nice russian women where i work , the country has it good points . 
  ofc it wants to influence europ\u00e9 , to claim somthing else is odd to say the least . 
  man i wish you 'd turn to your natural allies such as kazakstan et.al . 
  countries you have something in common with . 
  fucking stuff up ; illegal interventions , corruption , incompetence , autocacy , mindboggling inerior products among other things . 
  i mean take your pick . 
  just look at random survery from ti , wef , the world bank , the un et.al . 
  the country is a cluster fuck of fail . 
  does is seem that the russian way of doing thing is popular anywhere in europe outside russia , bar belarus ? 
  no , there you go . 
  the only way for russia to get infleunce in europ\u00e9 is through force . 
  its model of society is that shitty . 
  why would he be able to make it where everyone else has failed ? 
  as a young outsider he 'll have a hard time mustering the coalitions needed to make a dent in the italian state , especially the beoucracy . 
  what is tehre to elaborate on ? 
  it is a well known fact that the honour culture is a massive problem in kurdish culture , as is etnochauvinism as desribed below . 
  if they want to assossiate with teh eu they should modernize their cultural noms . 
  how about if they stop that hounour culture crap and related cultural backwardsness then the eu might think about it ? 
  sound like a fair deal . 
  volvo trucks / heavy machines and cars are different companies . 
  come back when you got a clue . 
  the russians starved a lot of the contry to death during the early 30s . 
  no wonder they hate them . 
  that politizised crap is wothless , that was basically just paving way to help the inferior good produced by man . 
  the argument about possible price discrimination in a truck market was a load of shit . 
  oh yes it would . 
  the other considerations being that man being terrible would cannibalise the tech ( just like gm did with saab ) . 
  that is why they want it . 
  luckely though it wo n't fly . 
  it wo n't pass since the swedish shareholders wo n't sell . 
  also , the commission should fucking deal with vw . 
  if volvo could n't buy scania neither should a bigger company . 
  as i stated , in my view the polish are simply to involved due to connections and relations to be seen as a neutral part in this conflict . 
  furthermore , even though he represents the eu he will not be , to put it bluntly , seen as a partner of rank . 
  the us will probably play the bigger role because of this choice , even though we 're talking about a european affair , once again proving european incompetence . 
  it is simply rediciolus that the eu goes about and chooses such a low key individual when it has a sleeve or reputable individuals to go to . 
  hence a french ` profile ' diplomat or former minister would be to prefer , this since germany and britain are out of the question . 
  as for my own country , ofc it dos n't have any weight . 
  that is besides the point though . 
  you are right that i wrote pm instead of fm . 
  that said , still , he is a terrible choice due to ; the polish relations to the russians , their relation to western ukraine , and the fact that he obiously is an amateur without any weight . 
  the eu is trying to hold some common kinda line in the ukraine . 
  amateures with vested with western ukraine interests like the polish pm are not needed . 
  cry as much as you like . 
  true that . 
  but i mean the kremlin will as always be game changer . 
  i do n't agree at all . 
  they have their own interests in the conflict though . 
  poland should leave this to the ones experienced and reputable in international diplomacy , such as france . 
  is n't it only politicians ? 
  they did seem to be agreeable during the last truce as well . 
  it is likely fair to say that the mp : s are probably have had their hand in the cookie jar , and hence want to protect their own scource of money in wait for help from the kremlin . 
  oh please this is a smokescreen to stall and gain time to get putin involed again after the olympis are over . 
  i 've heard the description paramilitary a few times . 
  i mean that just goes to show how russia is not neither a democracy or a western state in regards to norms . 
  in london there was n't any indigionus paramilitary groups with whips . 
  yeah , its like random kossak ( lol ) going : * `` hmm , we got a lot of cameras here , and these internatioanlly known women who are sure to be followed by western journalists , why i know !, 
  why do n't we go at them with whips and pepper spray . 
  secretary general putin will be pleased with us !, 
  how to create a pr disaster 101 . 
  its not gon na fix the underlying reasons for the crisis . 
  interest rates wo n't drop , nor will investment flock to the south . 
  i 'd be a short term band aid in the best of worlds . 
  there is nor normal way to resolve this . 
  pan-ez inflationary policy would just create prize-increases across the ez and lower the few compentitve advantages teh failing countries have ( tourism et.al . 
  i agree in regards to the institutions , the ever present pandering to farnce and germany is absurd . 
  this said natioanl languages should be protected as much as possible , and every documnet should be avaliable in each language . 
  yes , since it is lingua franca , regardless if the french wants it or not . 
  you do n't see any huge internatioanl communities like reddit in french or german now do you ? 
  the eu consists of about 500 mil . 
  people , it ca n't be run like the old eu ( until eu 15 ) anymore , it is not resonable and is a huge part in the legimacy problem . 
   all animals are equal , but french/english/german are more equal then the other ones ... 
  this would most certainly be the case , just as it is today . 
  yeah that is our position as well . 
  if they wan na keep going at it with the failed prestige project that is the euro they should pay for it themselfs as well . 
  the debt should just be restructured . 
  nothing else will help . 
  though that is going to be a massive hit for the ez taxpayer .
