  how will the markets react to this ? 
  what will draghi do ? 
  he really ca n't order italy and spain to pick up the slack . 
  hence it is possible that the markets will be alarmed that money is being thrown in a black hole and panic . 
  of course , as i should have clarified . 
  however the question is how much of a potential hit it will take . 
  i mean without the accountability of a state the ecb will be wide open to market volatility . 
  i think you 're overstating hollandes influence . 
  i mean the franco-german relation is kinda frosty at the moment , partly due to the increasing power imbalance between the two . 
  if anything is going to happen it will be bacause germany wants to . 
  true , but both the uk and us have excellent market confidence , this since both currencies are seen as relative safe harbours . 
  the bazokka has already been fired though , i mean can draghi pull it of by himself again , without merkel standing directly behind him ? 
  you do make a good point , im not against some kinda boost to consumers pp throughout europ\u00e9 . 
  that said i am concerned that this kind of policy will be speculated against due to it having no `` central '' government backing . 
  though germany might have to take charge of it by defult for it to work . 
  qe on the ez level ? 
  i ca n't see how this can be implemented in such a way that market confidence for the euro wo n't take a hit ? 
  true . 
  every current member state have to accept a new member for it to pass . 
  greece will just point to the agean issue and that will be the end of it . 
  you think greece is every gon na let turkey join the eu huh ? 
  think again . 
  this was one of the most delusional posts i 've read , i have to assume that you 're trolling . 
  waste money on pet projects ? 
  does the f35 ring a bell ? 
  or perhaps those tanks your congress ordered a few weeks ago ? 
  even though your army did n't even want them . 
  you americans do have social welfare only it is payed to the military and its contractors to employ people to create subpar military equipment . 
  this rather than giving it to the people that actually needs the money . 
  also , you 're assuming some kind of common `` european debt '' in your post , there isnt any , some countries are indeed fucked but a lot of us are in better shape then the us in regards to debt levels and unemployment . 
  with good reason . 
  there is no reason what so ever to for us emulate the dysfunctional crap that is the contemporary us . 
  rather we should look at france , germany , sweden , denmark and a few other o how to strike a balance between the private and the state . 
  simply because you 're brought up into the belief that you live in the most free country in the western world where everyone can make it he/she tries . 
  this is just a bullshit narrative though since the us is a class society to a * much * greater extent than most oecd countries . 
  as for civil liberties you people simply do n't have them anymore . 
  also , just compare your news feed in / politics to / europ\u00e9 , the current issues in us politics are just mind bogling at best . 
  sadly we 'd have about 90000000 ngo : s breathing down the eu : s neck screaming racism and stuff . 
  you have had those in basically every western nation , regardless of whether the country is traditionally conservative , liberal or socialist ( such as in the case of sweden ) since atleast the 1950s . 
  to have free education is not indicative of social liberalism , nor is having free healthcare or whatnot . 
  furhtermore it is totally besides the point , seeing as the question was what would constitute an area with cultural similarites to california , neither stockholm nor sweden in general matches this . 
  rather you 'll have to go with amsterdam . 
  no really , you should probably read links before claming something like that . 
  i mean in what way does social liberalism characterize stockholm to such an extent that it can be compared to california ? 
  i ca n't see how california should be more socially conservative than stockholm , i really ca n't . 
  i mean if you want the preverbial melting pot of communities you have in california , in the huge cities . 
  if you on the other hand want a seriously divided as well as rather small and uniform city you have that in stockholm . 
  [ those absurd arrests and this picture does remind of something ... ] ( http://www.google.se/imgres?imgurl=http://www.wired.com/news/images/full/big_brother_f.jpg&amp;imgrefurl=http://www.wired.com/news/privacy/0,1848,56152,00.html&amp;h=500&amp;w=375&amp;sz=41&amp;tbnid=7y4cnrhk1keemm:&amp;tbnh=90&amp;tbnw=68&amp;zoom=1&amp;usg=__j8wq818tlrkw1n3qqlamcrftkze=&amp;docid=vewt1stwbazwam&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=a82kubmic6f04qswnyhabg&amp;ved=0cdaq9qewaa&amp;dur=128 ), 
  yeah , it is esentially a clique of well educated people on the european side of the bosphorus . 
  if you compare both our laws and cultural acceptance of divience i.e. 
  what makes california liberal you really ca n't say that stokholm is ayway near california . 
  if you at that throw in prices and our culture of banning stuff and there is no at all to compare . 
  i know enough of their history , language and politics to get by easily , but that is not the point , nor is it required anywhere else in europ\u00e9 , with a few exceptions . 
  do you really mean to tell me that an american would be seen without contempt in one of the most tourist infested areas in france , in say nice ? 
  that is just naive . 
  true , the city is as far as i 've understood trying to regain its old image as a place for intellectuals and such . 
  they still have to accept the whole body of law , especially stuff concerns human rights and freedom of speech , and erdogan wo n't . 
  nope ; 1 . 
  they have yet to accept the whole acquis communautaire - as long as they wo n't a membership wo n't be on the table . 
  they 're occupying a part of a eu country ( cyprus ) - has to be resolved before they 'll be able to join accordning to accession rules . 
  there is no way some member countries would let them in , period . 
  well it dos n't have dumb and hilariously uninformed republicans . 
  it is more like the crown of what i suppose most ameriacas would consider european arrogance i.e as an american he certanly wo n't enjoy himself . 
  this said monaco is totally fine , it has another attitude . 
  though then we 'd have the money issue . 
  lol no , not our ( swedish ) cities , just forget about those this instant . 
  our cities are n't even liberal in comparisson with our neighbours , by a long shot . 
  yes , copenhagen is indeed a liberal city , but both berlin and amsterdam are still to perfer if he wants something that resembles california . 
  i 've heard good things about belgrade ( serbia ) as well , but that is just way out of anyone way . 
  the cote d'azur would like to believe that it is , but it certanly is not . 
  this pirmarely due to the people living there being pompous asses towards anything and everone non french . 
  there really is no culturally liberal place like california other than amsterdam and in part berlin . 
  never new about this , very cool though !, 
  the public sector unions effectily did by making it very hard for the government to fire useless employees ( the ones who got their positions through nepotism ) . 
  i mean if the gov. 
  have to keep redundant / bad personel wage cuts is the only option , as we 've seen for years by now , i mean lower over all wages has ben more hurtful to the economy . 
  yes i am happy to know that , the sooner those fat cats in charge of the unions gets busted the better , i do to god hope they 'll send the tax agency a them . 
  i 'd say that the indications in that case would have been better indications of the general economic recovery . 
  this said i usually look at other indicators when i work with this kinda stuff . 
  despite your `` clarification '' it is still a terrible analogie that ca n't holds its own at all . 
  fooball fans do n't go about demaning their own judiciary now do they ? 
  these people alrady have their own `` councils '' in britain . 
  nor do fotball fans try to justify their actions by refering to aincent texts or run countries after religious rules . 
  fact of the matter is that there has been a radicalization of muslim communities both within the middle east and asia as well as in europ\u00e9 since the iranian revolution . 
  they ( including these in the video ) see themselfs as promoting a counter culture to the west and thus continue to radicalize more people . 
  this is a potential hotbed for terrorism and has to be discussed . 
  we have what amounts to the beginning to the same shit in our own country , try to watch evin rubars documentary `` slaget om muslimerna '' . 
  you 're just trying to cop out of even admitting that there is a problem by using an absurd analogie in order to avoid discussion . 
  of course , but my point is partly that the government did n't actually do what the package said . 
  rather they were hamstrung by unions into just using wage slashing as a tool . 
  im not trying to white knight the eu or the imf , rahter i am trying to offer explanations for the faulty predictions . 
  worst strawman i 've seen in quite a while . 
  wtf does fotball huliganism have to do with rising religious extremism partly as a result of segregation ? 
  nothing . 
  it is absolutely to a great extent the fault of incompetent greek governments who ca n't do what they are supposed to . 
  rahter than just slashing wages they could have cleard red tape , made sure to have a functioning tax office et.al . 
  though this is true for * all * greek government since 1974 . 
  as for the numbers , i mean in 2009 and 2010 the scope of the deficit was still coming to light , making predictions a shot in the dark at best . 
  as for 2012 , remember those two elections ? 
  stuff like that obviously affects predictions .
