  seriously , they ca n't give that to junker , no fucking way . 
  still , that is no reason to allow these countries to offload their problems on the rest of us , and expect os to foot the bill , the governments shoudl take responsibility for their citizens . 
  the amount of romanian and bulgarian beggars we have in my city alone is staggering , outside every fucking shop , and yet this is nothing compared to the situation in continental eueope . 
   as are everywhere else nope , not as anywhere else , politicians in the balkans are far worse than anywhere else in europ\u00e9 by a long shot , they area special kind of inept . 
  25 % of romanian doctors are hadly the issue , nor is that a big number . 
  romania , and bulgaria to a greater extent are n't doing shit to improve , the politicans are corrupt and at best inept . 
  the fact that workers taht actyally have a job moves abroad does not equal some kind of social resposibility for other states for unemployed workers , gypises/beggars or whatever . 
  edit : with your logic germany would be responsilbe for unemplyed spanish workers , simply beacuse it employs young spainards . 
  romania and bulgaria are ofloading their problems to the rest of europ\u00e9 , why should n't their governments be forced to pay ? 
  had it not been for the `` troika '' what had these countries done ? 
  created money out of thin air perhaps ? 
  ah , so he is trying to switch foot to seem as the part willing to compromise , this to get uncertain eu-countries to back down in case of ukraine . 
  i think the part on us is quite spot on , do n't see antything wrong with it either , except for the feminsim part . 
  feminism in this country needs to be rolled back . 
  edit : do note that we choose to be `` envious , stiff , industrious , nature loving , quiet , honest , dishonest , xenophobic . '', 
  we like it that way . 
  we do n't want to live like the continental people , atleast in my experience . 
  as an example ; the recent topic on when to move from home , to live at home as long as in many continental countries seems absurd to us . 
  dystopian is a fitting term when comparing the present sitautation to the so called great society , regardsless of whether you think so or not . 
  and certainly when compared to the rest of the oecd . 
  the us has among the lowest social mobility in the entire oecd . 
  ofc . 
  it is dystopian , you have the so called `` rust belt '' for a reason , detroit is a case in point . 
  citizens united in combination with gerrymandering is as corrupt as it gets in the western world . 
  it means that money has been let to roam free into politics . 
  to say otherwise means you 're uninformed . 
  there is quite a lof of research on the militarization of the police , such as the use of swat-teams , that has increaed not due to more frequent sever crimes , though rather because the police departmnets chhoses to use it on a regular basis , the equipment used , survalliance laws , recriutment of ex . 
  militray personel ( who bring military norms into the local foces ) et.al . 
  so what ? 
  we do n't have a battery of survalliance agencies or the partiot act . 
  i would n't go as far as momopolies yet , through it is certainly possible in a near future . 
  that is a fair point , i 'd say it 'd be a tie in the `` culture wars '' issues . 
  yeah on paper , though in truth its not liberal i a lof states due to obstruction ( closing planned parenthood et.al ) . 
  still , the mad economic ideals of the gop and tp are unique ... 
  low social mobility , bad growth prospects , massive outscoursing , a polarized and corrupt political system . 
  ( revolving door , citizens united , gerrymandering , et.al . ), 
  edit : also , a militarized police , omni-present state survallience , regional oligarchies ( in telecom , through walmart et.al . 
  yeah , i mean its not possible to actually do the stuff rand paul , paul ryan et.al . 
  want to do . 
  youd get a state of oligarchies withiin a few years . 
  rationalization of the welfare state has occured everywhre , but it is true that the uk has taken a more us like routh , this said there are still massive differences between europ\u00e9 as a whole ( the uk inclueded ) and the dystopia that is the us . 
  the tea party ideology with regressive social policy combined with neo-liberal economics is alien to europ\u00e9 . 
  omg , that crap is actually making its way here to europe then . 
  ideas originating from the gop , and especially from the tea party is something that has to be fought tooth and nail . 
  i had no idea about this actually , thanks for the links . 
  i thought `` libtard '' was an exclusevly american term to describe the democrats . 
  yeah , the economy affects iving standards et.al . 
  though this primarely a cultural issue , an issue that is linked to a whole sleve of issue , like everything from low birth rates to high unemployment , this sicne that the tradionional practice of living at home into adulthood lessens the need for social reform , and hence kidna entrenching etablished practices . 
  just look at the relevant oecd statistics/reports . 
  its not about fucking money , why in that case why would about 20 % of austrians in that age live at home ? 
  it is a cultural issue . 
  so you think its resonalbe to , as a fully grown man , be taken care of by your mother ? 
  yeah , probably some butthurt southerners . 
  i mean being like 30 + living at home , while not being able to take proper care of oneself , it simply is pathetic . 
  i 've lived in some southern countries , and this crap is absolutely deprimental to individual development , you can see 18 y/o and easaliy misstake them for being 13-14 y/o . 
  would n't the want an own life ? 
  to care for themselfs and be independent . 
  as oppsoed to living at home like a tenager , i mean it 'd be hard growing up having a mom that cooks and cleans for you when you 're 30 . 
  oh come on , you ca n't live at home when you 're that old . 
  it 'd drive me insane . 
  i knew it was bad in south , but i never thought it was that bad . 
  i mean 30 y/os having `` helicopter parents '' . . come on now ... 
  why is n't this just what the eu needs ? 
  another balkan country , this one with maffia and an odd complex in that it sees itself as close to / an ally to russia . 
  i mean how can the eu get on without this . . also , do n't they have some latent territorial conflict with hungary ? 
  because they are in a position to influence the agenda , its a small clique of people within a geographical areas who share the same norms ( think of bourdieu 's social and geographical room ) . 
  their perception of relity is based on whatever buzzword that is the flavour of the time . 
  its also called `` inside the beltway '' in the us . 
  it is embarrassing when the insane stuff that the small elite ( pressure groups , politicians and media ) in this country does spills over to other countries . 
  crap like this is simply not representative of our country as a whole . 
  about time to regin the banks in , especially the german and french ones . 
  not really , norway and denmark are still the primary places for our jobless youth to move to . 
  that is actually one of my favourite articles on the topic as well . 
  it captures the combination of a lack of civil society and dysfunctional administration . 
  there was an article from that time from a historian as well , on the countrys historical ties and diferences with western europ\u00e9 in terms of historical development . 
  sadly i ca n't find it . 
  are you ( like often is the case with your american counter-parts ) on crack ? 
  i apologize on behalf of my country . 
  we have far to many post-modernist , contructivist leftist hipsters here . 
  it 's the eu equivilant . 
  everthing from their corrupt commissioner to this . 
  why do these fucking banana-republics even have a say in the eu ? 
  god almighty . 
  southern incompetence , corruption and retardedness all distilled onto a small island . 
  i 'd see leaving the ez in rder to regain regioanl competitiveness as the best option . 
  ofc it can be changed , though it 'd wreck trust in greece from both foreign private sector and govs. 
  i ca n't see anyone wanting to be lenient towards greece . 
  it 'll likely end up being compared with ireland and cast as a black sheep . 
   i hope you 're wrong but i know you 're most probably right . 
  i dare say this is the first time we agree on something . 
  in the case of greece you have to factor in the psi-agreement from 2012 . 
  it is an added fctor that 'd raise the rates . 
  you know the first solution is unfesable . 
  it simply won\u00e4t fly in the north , a government that would authorize that in our high tax societies would be out on its ass in no time . 
  his general appeal , that he would be able to rip up the memorandum , he ca n't since it is in effect law , and if he would if ensure that greece would be blocked from the markets for years and anger its leders i.e. 
  pretty much making it into a third world nation . 
  ofc he ( and all the fractions in his party ) are populist , he ca n't actually go through with it , he is as samaras was under the papandreou admin - all talk and no walk , but with a different colour . 
  so what is your solution naurgul ? 
  i suppose you belive the fairy tales that comes out of tzipras . . 
  actual relity .
