  i think * post war * [ fortress europe ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fortress_europe ) is essential to the survival of europe . 
  gubmint overreach !, 
  it should n't be a shock to anyone that the russian way of governing consists of more or less turning things into a giant cluster fuck . 
  or it might be because the [ `` reform list '' ] ( http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/55b27a7e-d87c-11e4-ba53-00144feab7de.pdf ) presented to the troika looks like it has been written by a first year university student . 
  also , do n't editorialize your titles . 
  obviously photoshopped ... 
  there are some curious parallels between our former pm reinfeldt , and the british cameron ; they 've branded themselves as `` new '' conservatives , they 've both had similar fiscal policy , and both wrecked respective countries defences , among other policies . 
  that 'd be awesome . 
  some merkavas , israeli missiles , and a drone ow two would do the trick . 
  do you ever contribute to treads , or do you just spread one liners ? 
  what major reforms have been implemented since the onset of the crisis ? 
  beyond slashing wages . 
  no , it is not `` gaining foothold '' . 
  its a god damn minority of politically correct journalists , leftist writers et.al . 
  who 're trying to showe it down our throats . 
  i ca n't believe that i even have to read to our own pc propaganda from foreign outlets , god all fucking mighty . 
  i 'd welcome this stuck up people doing something flamboyant . 
  though you 're right , even if you 'd photoshop in j\u00c5 in a north korean fashion our media would jump at the opportunity . 
  you 're giving me future night-terrors !, 
  yeha , the levels of indignation would be astronomical within a very specific sphere of people , all living in a relatively small area . 
  its good that our clowns can be of some humours use , haha . 
  since you seem to lack batikk\u00e4rringar i think we should export gudrun schyman to you , just for equality !, 
  i do n't know what that would be worse here , feminist anger or anger of waste , its difficult to say , haha . 
  nice to see though that you are moving forwards quite fast in tackling corruption . 
  swedish twitter would be kr\u00e4nkt beyond belief . 
  should a politician in sweden be seen in similar outfits with that company the shear indignant moral panic would be biblical . 
  in addition to 10 00000 different authorities that 'd be called in to check exactly what laws that have been violated . 
  it gives russia an exuse to have aggressive military presence in teh baltic sea - in essence compromising regional security all to give the germans the gas they want . 
  ah , then at least something good came out of the present turkish administration . 
  how is the turkish eu accession coming along ? 
  not enough . 
  i get it that you do n't like having your country cut up like a steak , but in the long run , where do you think the future lies ; with teh dysfunctional and kleptocratic russia or the eu ? 
  this ought to be a simple choice , but hey its your choice . 
  as for historicism , had it not been the west that weakened the ottoman filth the russia would never have had the opportunity to do that in the first place . 
  additionally , even though i suppose it is impopular , serbia owns its freedom to some extent to austria-hungary . 
  no i 'm not , im mearly using the same logic as the greek government is using . 
  say that a slovak government stripped for cash wants a external enemy - its share of the loans to greece makes for a perfect target . 
  its the same principle . 
  yes , i mean that greece should make substantial slashing in the public sector - fire redundant workers that only adds to red tape , forbid regional guilds , do public tenders in a rational way the facts you are listing is nothing new to the greek economy - the black sector has made up about 30 % of the total economy for a some time . 
  about gd , yeah that is fucked up , but its nothing new , you had laos before that - ultra nationalism has always been a part of greek politics , this due to greece being a very insular and nationalist country . 
  now listen 39 billion euros went to recapitalise greek banks , and 19 billion euros have gone directly into the greek budget - without these funds alone greece would have been bankrupt . 
  i 'll answer the rest tomorrow , since i need to sleep at the moment ( work ) . 
  yes it is , as the loan was worse than anything the imf could have given them . 
  as for energy , well now they 're tied to a increasingly authoritarian russia while croatia is taking over the role as the f yugosphere hub . 
  congratulations serbia - its lucky it still can walk . 
  when they took over nis then proceeding to fuck them over regarding pricing as an example . 
  the loan in teh early 2000s is another example . 
  yeah , my work makes my resposes sporadic at best . 
  agreements does not work that way . 
  in that case you will have to argue as an example that individual member states can re-conceptualize it and vote for greece to pay them market interest rates on their share of the loans , since they have a `` mandate '' . 
  but that 's how it works for each of the piigs countries . 
  why should the eu take into account a prime minister throwing who is doing what amounts to temper tantrums ? 
  who is trying to blackmail his lenders to do his bidding . 
  it wont work , the germans have been much more clear these last few weeks than they normally are regarding greece and a potential exit from the ez . 
  auserity has worked fine in both portugal and ireland , and spain is on teh right track . 
  i mean you do realise that without the bailouts austerity would have been much , much worse right ? 
  since greece defaulting would have been cut of from any funding what-so-ever . 
  furthermore , austerity did n't cause the greek meltdown - greek governments did via absolutely insane polices and mismanagement on a massive scale . 
  its also not about ideology - its about greece picking up teh ball and actually implementing reforms that nearly every other eu-member state did do about 20 years ago . 
  its not a trade , lol . 
  the loan agreements are actually greek law , and have to be fulfilled . 
  you ca n't re-conceptualize stuff at will . 
  come on now , are you trolling ? 
  a nato country leasing a naval base to russia ? 
  no , rather a precedent would be that the rules have to be adhered to , which is probably an attractive option for the major ez countries at the moment , this rather than facing the same situation in spain and italy . 
  the russian economy is set to contract , it already has some , albeit minor , problems funding its public sector without tapping into its reserves . 
  you ca n't honestly think they 'll loan the masses of funds the greece needs . 
  i have no preference as to whether greece should cave or not . 
  i have only one preference , that greece should leave the ez . 
  anti-russian * sentiment * is not a `` phobia '' . 
  he is isolating greece from the few allies it had in both the ez , and now the eu in general . 
  its not `` aid '' - its a loan agreement , you need to get your concepts in order . 
  what do you mean with a `` sovereign union '' ? 
  well that is a pretty central threat is n't it ? 
  since greece will be bankrupt if it wo n't comply with the terms . 
  tsipras has no leverage at all . 
  i honestly , greece is a nato country , and russia can pay give a loan in rubles . 
  this is n't a strong hand , its just a joke . 
   russophobia do please define this concept . 
  it seems he really did make these [ statements ] ( http://www.amna.gr/english/articleview.php?id=9046 ) . 
  i ca n't see what he is playing at , i mean he 's just isolating greece even further . 
  changed what exactly ? 
  all i read is pumped up hopes by leftists . 
  as it wo n't with greece the ez wo n't do any policy change with spain . 
  you simply can not put tariff-barriers into place within teh eu . 
  that is correctly described by the bulgarian minister as unacceptable within the treaty on the functioning of the european union . 
  i 'm sorry but its not 1945 , its 2015 and every european country should be able to deal with its of defence . 
  the us has no obligation to babysit europe anymore . 
  i actually find it astonishing that people seem to think that it is okay that us should basically pick up their military expenditures . 
  this just show how utterly pathetic we europeans are ( my own country included ) . 
  its 2015 and we need some kinda saviour due to not being able to face up to reality . 
  this is embarrassing . 
   europe 's periphery can not and consequently will not pay the debt . 
  and everyone knows that . 
  this is also what the markets know , hence - debt relief wo n't solve anything , since markets still will demand sky high interests rates . 
  you state all that as if there is some kinda alternative to capitalism - there is n't . 
  i agree about the euro though , it is an unmitigated disaster both in economic and political terms . 
  it has dragged the eu as project to new lows . 
  generally greece has to ease red tape , proceed with liberalization of professions , privatizations and such . 
  to a large extent the country still does not live up to the standards set in maastricht regarding the inner market .
