  having the us doing some functioning state building would be a welcome change . 
  i am not denying that , i mean having eurocrats and worthless fat-cats from the equally worthless un trying to construct a state is as fruitful as banging your head against a wall . 
  the general problem is though that kosovo , just like albania faces a hostile regional enviroment and there are no realistic procspects for them to getting closer to the eu . 
  i.e it will have huge difficulties cgetting a functioning economy going . 
  this ontop of corruption , the prime minister being suspect in organ theft , and the country itself still being contested in some respects . 
  just your avarage run of the mill problems ... 
  it begs the question , without the support of the eu , un and us will kosovo be able function as a state ? 
  or will it become a more or less failed state . 
  i ca n't see that is has any competitive advanges , nor does it have functioning institutions or any credible politicians in general . 
  it is amuzing to see these champagne-socialits from le monde trying to relativize the issues that france faces . 
  also , the fact that they want to impose the french `` way '' on the rest of europ\u00e9 is kinda imperialist in itself , though they 're far too ideologically set to see this themselvs . 
  the political spectrum in the us has shifted so much to the right during last 33 years ( and continue to do so ) that far much far to the right , and caters far to much to special interest to lead the western world . 
  i mean the faliure that is obama is more of less the same as gwb with better marketers . 
  ido n't think they can , i mean previous rows about steel and stuff saw the us being the loosing part . 
  europ\u00e9 needs a strong germany in my view . 
  europ\u00e9 also needs to take care of it self , this inlcudes militarily . 
  look at german diplomatic history after wwii , it has always been ckeckbook diplomacy more or less . 
  present day germany has broken this trend , it is more or less ignoring us advices on everything from handling the euro crisis to how to approach china and russia . 
  in the case of conflicts is taken quite the hard line ( arguing against interventioism in favour of a `` legalist '' approach ) i.e the opposit of the us . 
  oh please , would the french and brittish have been able to do it without somekind of inital backing from the us ? 
  read this and you might learn something : http://www.worldpoliticsreview.com/articles/13335/diplomatic-fallout-three-good-reasons-for-the-u-s-to-spy-on-germany, 
  cute . 
  naturally everyone are syping onew way or another . 
  this said , nothing comes close to the `` supervillain '' - spying of the us , and at that germany have far better oversights than the cluster fuck of secrecy that is the us . 
  well if we look at recent events , such as libia and syria germany has been a more vocal opponenet of the us . 
  i do n't think the old `` check book diplomacy '' / lapdog germany is relevant anymore , the `` new germany '' is establisning itself as a player , though not in conventional terms . 
  also , the us simply does not have the clout to dare a trade war with the eu , especially since the trade agreement one of obamas flagships . 
  are you implying that germany has even close to the same capabilities ? 
  they do n't . 
  also , due to history it has functioning oversight of military and related agencies . 
  the us does not . 
  if germany would be to do this its gain in terms of soft power would be enormous vis a vis the rest of the western world . 
  [ we should send these guys , in the exact outfits used in the video . ], 
  ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3hjglyb-_hc ), 
  this . 
  our success ( a huge amount of world leading companies/capita ) is neither based on social democracy nor high taxes . 
  rather a culture of coorporatism , rationality , a homogonus society , a tradition of scientific inquary , formerly good educational system and incentives to create are the foundations of our success . 
  this all changed from 1968 and onwards though , and we are only now starting to correct some of the errors . 
  depends on the model really . 
  if it is an old one i can see it do fine in a storm . 
  saab 900/9000 also works . 
  i do hope this prods germany to take atleast some action . 
  to put it crudly far too many of our governments ( that of my country being a forerunner ) are just to happy to take that red , white and blue dick day in and out . 
  at this point europe needs a ( militarily ) strong germany . 
  still , even with that date is fair to say that it is connected to christmas . 
  well are n't we lucky that the un cares about the important stuff . 
  why look at womens/girls situation in the middle east et.al . 
  when there can be a committee that investigates christmas celebrations instead . 
  this is obviously more important . 
  well , for starters it is in the middle east , rather than europe . . also , it is quite autocratic , has a longstanding confilct with amrenia ( nagoro-karabach ) and has a crap ton of oil . 
  its not based on language really given the amount of separate communities , and it certanly is not based on blood . 
  hence ideas is what you got , not only constitutional but also like `` the american dream '' and simular bull . 
  i 'd say the czech republic , hungary , estonia and latvia have been the stars . 
  the ones doing the worst are obviously albania and belarus . 
  yes it is . 
  the us as a state is built around constitutional ideas , and separate communities living side by side i.e the opposit of most european states . 
  yes it is . 
  the us as a state is built around constitutional ideas , and separate communities living side by side i.e the opposit of most european states . 
  they are doing their best to impose autonomy in romanian villages , hence they shoudld as a group have some kind of autonomy ( like the sami perhaps , with no territorial claims ) . 
  poverty in this case is a product of above reason and at that civiliational belonging in the long run , rather than the standard teary eyed clich\u00e9s on `` a world that does n't want them '' . 
  no , academic musings is the correct figure of speach . 
  also , do please take that `` racist '' hypebole and false sence of morality back to / r sweden were it belongs . 
  perhaps iflashie has some links from v\u00e4nsterpartiet you people can gather around . 
  good night . 
  poverty is a bi-product of cultural incompatibility . 
  to have the major roma communities have some kinda autonomy within their state might forcefully kickstart change ( kinda a snowball effect ) -  the communities realise the dyfuntional nature of their culture -  facilitates change of the social contract within the roma community . 
  this though is just academic musings . 
  i 'm mearly trying to raise debate , hence the stalin comment and ( comment ) . 
  as for education , their way of life kinda closes that opportunity right from the get go , that should be obvious by now . 
  it has been tried all over europ\u00e9 and completely failed all from bulgarias commie blocks constructed for roma to our welfare state , none of these state intervantions have been succesful at a large scale . 
  also , their culture is in general ( except for some professions in the balkans ) partly based on the concept of the majority being `` the other '' as opposed to the roma . 
  he would not be running as a european and he certainly does not have a `` european '' identity , though he is quite pragmatic for a gop-er . 
  identity in the us is not really based on blood and language , rahter it is based on adhearance to ideas . 
  well i for one would love to hear your ideas , though something tells me they 're gon na be awfully naive . 
  really why not try to integrate them into india ? 
  have you seen any succesful integration of roma ( excluding travellers , finnish `` roma '' and whatnot ) communities at all in europ\u00e9 ? 
  why not try to introduce them into a context were they might thrive . 
  knock yourself out . 
  i 'm trying to illustrate the problems with settling the roma communities i.e not even the warsaw pact with forced settlement could do it , with that in mind wth can democratic societies do ? 
  now go back and circle jerk in r/sweden were you belong . 
  knock yourself out . 
  i 'm trying to illustrate the problems with settling the roma communities i.e not even the warsaw pact with forced settlement could do it , with that in mind wth can democratic societies do ? 
  now go back and circle jerk in r/sweden were you belong . 
  that would be touch and go though , in terms of likliness . 
  i 'm really struggeling to find something less likely than this . 
  oh my , did one of our courts actually sentance a person ? 
  do n't worry it 'll be overturened soon . 
  we do n't do sentencing in this country . 
  yeah , that 'd be wwii ones . 
  thre 's alof of em in bogs and such were they 've been `` preserved '' , both axis and allied tanks . 
  i 'll give you that the ak is durable . 
  but for tanks from the t72 and forth i ca n't agree . 
  money laundering , human trafficing , a ( former ) tax heaven , prostitution , divided , beaches , corrupt . 
  russian made stuff being of bad quality , who could have guessed ... 
  so , what country was it that was hellbent on getting said countries into the eu ? 
  oh that 's right , it was france . 
  if wonder if this 'll work though ? 
  i 'd say that the country is far to divided to take such a decision in the near future . 
  i 'd like them to do it though , it 'd effectivly neutralize and humiliate russia ( something i 'd like to see happen ) . 
  ca n't have that much beer without meat .
