  cutting of a part of a toddlers dick is mutilation , irregardless of whether it is a religious practice . 
  is it factually wrong ? 
  no , there you go . 
  i agree completely , since such a move would entail germany to take a more active role in european security , and that is something i ca n't see happening beyond government officials and a few politicians paying lip service to it . 
  it wo n't , germany wo n't react any stronger this time around than with the other scandals . 
  german officials will sulk for a while to sooth domestic opinion then it 'll be business as usual . 
  a religious minority ca n't have it their way and mutilate toddlers , quickly to the indignation mobile !, 
  on a serious note , the french got it right , the role of a modern secular state is to protect the individual against religion , not to accommodate this bullshit . 
  why the fuck would n't you get the `` real '' numbers by calculating percentage ? 
  likely since it would n't fit the italian ` victim ' narrative . 
  rather than cherry picking numbers from 2008 you should look at more recent data . 
  edit : do n't you get that the percentage indicates costs ? 
   your country is thriving thanks to the cheap manual labour . 
  again italian arguments i.e. 
  bullshit , we have the smallest ` low skill ' sector in the entire god damn eu ( eurostat for you again ) , they are a huge burden on our society . 
  how the hell do we thrive due to illiterate somalians ? 
  i get it that its a tough situation , but rather than shifting the burden to us they should be sent back , the eu does not have to take on economic migrants . 
  we 've had finish immigration for a long time and its always worked out fine . 
  i get your point though . 
  thing is rather than us taking even more people , we already have enough as it is . 
  they should be directed to eastern europe , or in alof of cases be sent back . 
  but you do n't cope with it , and forcing us to take them in is exactly what you people do , since your authorities know very well that we have these fucking idiot politicians that have an almost zealot drive for more immigration , you push these people onto us . 
  just register them and send them back . 
  that is true , i 'm sure there are very competent italian people who do the right thing , and i do by no mean mean that every italian is incompetent . 
   but who am i talking to?probably you do n't even believe in cooperation , shared interests and solidarity , so you can go on with your privileged life , nothing to see here . 
  you know what , you are completly right about that , having worked with eu issues in southern europe turned me from being eu advocate to being viciously anti-eu . 
  good immigrants here ? 
  we have the worst riff-raff of illiterate somalis and whatnot . 
  want to find the educated ones then you 'll have to look at germany or britain . 
  it is eu rules , not ours , educate yourself . 
  a low amount of immigrants you say ? 
  you go and do some reading on eurostat and come back . 
  well that 's a load of shit , in real numbers we , a country of about 9,5 million have to take on more of these people than italy , a country with a population of 60 million . 
  this partly because italy shifts the burden over to us . 
  just like it tried with libyans to france . 
  i mean you do n't get it , you are supposed to , in accordance with dubiln ii as the country of arrival register them ( you do n't , since you fail to register them by choice ) , not shift the stuff to the rest of us that already have more than enough to deal with . 
  but as always italians cry and moan when they have to do something , and fail to do stuff in accordance with the rules . 
  its italys obligation to actually deal with this , in accordance with dublin ii , rather than shipping the problems to us in teh north . 
  but then again i suppose no one thought that italy 'd be able to handle something in a competent and rational manner . 
  hmm , i must have missed that vice broadcast , still though it is nowhere near half a million shells . 
  slovansk has been a victim yeah , of air strikes mainly . 
  in the end the russians are the ones responsible for inciting this violence , not the ukrainians for trying to keep the country from splitting . 
  it sucks that innocent ukrainians get caught in the crossfire but ukrainian government has an obligation to keep territorial integrity , and keep the country safe from russian imperialists . 
  still , event though they are using some kind artillery ( one piece , seemingly , and its not a haubitzer ) its not close to * the ukrainians who recently dumped like half a million artillery shell over the last days on the russians in eastern ukraine * i.e you ca n't prove your claim . 
  if it was the case that the ukrainians had launched such a massive offensive there 'd be word on vice news , if that is ostrovsky , there is n't any news about this . 
  also , the second video is a random building , which sucks for the people living there , but it might as well be an isolated air strike . 
  it simply does not qualify as evidence of an artillery barrage . 
  lol , are you kidding me ? 
  you think a sub-reddit is valid source ? 
  again , where is the source for these * tens of thousands at a time . 
  hundreds over time * ? 
  that guardian article certainly is n't it . 
  also , i 'm noticing that you edit your posts quite extensively , interesting . 
   * the ukrainians who recently dumped like half a million artillery shell over the last days on the russians in eastern ukraine * i 'd love an objective source for that . 
   * tens of thousands at a time . 
  hundreds over time . 
  * again , such outrageous claims demands a proper source ( no , not russia today ) . 
  i do like your attempts to shift focus , and to borrow legitimacy to those claims by brining in the nsa scandal , how does that fit into this btw ? 
  that rant is a kinda bad attempt at shifting focus , and proves that you 're a member of putins 50 cent army . 
  do you believe that the us operates a `` secret system '' that abducts '' hundreds of thousands '' or not ? 
  are you saying that the us during president bush and obama have * `` disappearing hundreds of thousands in a hidden torture prison system '' * ? 
  if so you 're a conspiracy theorist . 
  an organized genocide targeting multiple populations spanning decades is not even remotely comparable to early war on terror renditions . 
  your comparison is asinine . 
  [ whataboutism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism ), 
  as an icelandic citizen the women should have known that . 
  also , in general people should look up the norms in a country before crying about stuff like this . 
  we do see eye-to-eye on a lot of important issues , this inluced . 
  looking at your comment history i rest my case . 
  ah , you actually have no arguments at all , save some clich\u00e9s , . 
  got it . 
  no thank you . 
  i do n't wish to be formally ruled by germans and french , as it would turn out in the real world , beyond the faire tales of european unity . 
  yeah , a ceremonial head of state inevitability leads to , and excuses nepotism . 
  how dumb are you ? 
  our politicians have a nasty ability to set a narrative and then tick with that narrative , irregardless of any evidence to the contrary . 
  idealistic ? 
  yes , trustworthy ? 
  ah , so italy is going to bang its head against a wall . 
  interesting , and a very good trait . 
  i hope you polish people cherish realist politicians so you do n't end up like us with idealist zealots . 
  i do n't think we can defuse it , but at the same time i think the gravity of the situation is over-played , this due to previous bubbles since the sub-prime mortgage crisis and subsequent bubbles in the eu . 
  i would argue that our situation , while a bubble , is taken into account to a much greater extent my markets and banks than previous bubbles . 
  well lill boy , all you spaniards did was to build shoddy housing , tourist destinations , airports , harbours and whatnot for years and years with caja and / or eu money and thought it would go on forever . 
  our housing bubble is due to permanent housing shortage , these are quite different issues . 
  also , unlike you people , we 'll be able to deal with it when it blows up . 
  i 'd say that a nordic dish i think is kinda unknown [ gravlax ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gravlax ) is well worth trying . 
  so why should prudent countries pick up the bill for countries like spain ? 
  why should spain be mollycoddled ? 
  it is rife with incompetence and corruption , and has an economy built of fraud and eu-funds . 
  but hey , i suppose letting them off the hook and essentially pouring more money into it will fix the situation . 
  what a joke . 
  exactly , people that we have no responsibility what-so-ever to care for . 
  though they are framed as `` hunted refugees '' or whatnot that we should feel ashamed to question , ( this to quash public debate ) . 
  yeah , it is a poison . 
  the tumblr stuff in general is extremely damaging to any kind of public debate , due to its orwellian take on concepts . 
  you ca n't seriously look at those pictures and say that there is no correlation , just look at the prevalence and cross compare it with religion . 
  you 'll find that countries with a muslim majority , or a sizeable minority are by in large , with a few exceptions , the culprits . 
  the majority is , it is a cultural practice that is manly tied to islam in the mena area . 
  what facts ?
