  no , we just need far less immigration . 
  it works fine . 
  a lot of regional hospitals had one option : to close due to political incompetence / failing tax revenues . 
  to privatize got the public more hospitals in their vicinity , better quality and cost effectiveness and at that less medling from stupid politicians . 
  well mr/ms white knight you come up with a better description of the residents and then come back . 
  naturally , the discourse is already framed in the * `` evil police vs righteous , opressed minority '' * perspective . 
  of course , after all we do need all these iliterate people for all low skill jobs we swedes wo n't do !, 
  ( never fucking mind that we have the smallest low skill sector in the whole eu by far . ), 
  even though i would n't watch the eurovision even at gun point i do like this one ( winner 1991 ) : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0vxve-jxx-q, 
  the eu as a progressing union will be substancially weaker without britain . 
  this since the south will gain a stronger hand in the council of ministers i.e more wasted money to their infrastructure and the cap . 
  - vienna - the seat of former empires - monaco ( it is kinda a city ) - it is unique - london - a truely global city - rome - culuturally a must see - constantinople / istanbul - the last european outpost at the cross roads between europ\u00e9 and the middle east, 
  he really is desperate to get money to france while at the same time avoding any change what so ever . 
  - most trustworthy : britain - least trustworthy : greece - most arrogant : france - least arrogant : netherlands - most compassionate : ireland - least compassionate : italy, 
  that is true . 
  words like that could have something to do with the `` bokm\u00e5l '' and `` nynorsk '' fight ( ? ), 
  probably . 
  i naturally agree that it should be fixed , but the solution to the problem in the long run lies in the hands of bukarest and sofia . 
  if the incompetents that are in charge in these places wo n't work to improve conditions for their own people both social problems and resentment will rise in the rest of the eu when migration from places such as bulgaria and romania increases . 
  i 've heard the explanation that it is supposed to refer to radiowaves being transmitted . 
  we do n't have a similar word though , hence it would n't make sence for us . 
  social tourism on the scale that is feared is a new-ish problem due to it putting a lot of stess on an already pressed systems . 
  quite frankly a lot of western contries do n't trust the maffia that runs bulgaria to deal with the potential problems that comes of thousands of people who need money , housing , home language and special teachers and such . 
  this is also why some countries do n't want bulgaria and romania to be able to join the schengen agreement . 
  i agree with this , until romania and bulgaria functions like the rest of the eu they should have to suck it up and continue to change ouitside the shengen area . 
  i mean the decition to let them in in 2007 was a political play by france , rather than a decision based on the progress being made . 
  i know i should have added in the case of social tourism . 
  my argument is in responce to those who are white knighting social tourism through the bizzare use of racism and historicism ( such as in yesterdays thread about the fraud invilving the dutch system ) . 
  this . 
  our ( swedish ) results look that way in part simply because of the social stigma attatched to chosing the `` wrong '' answer to controversial question ( even when anonymous ) . 
  i 'd guess it is similar i denmark ( ? 
  because it is their countries perhaps ? 
  every dutch , brit or whoever are entiteled to the own fucking systems . 
  bulgarians and romanians however are not entiteled to anyone elses welfare systems . 
  if they want the these perks they can start by changing their own countries when voting . 
  i do n't think we do get the same basic understanding other than through movies ( such as s\u00e4llskapsresan ) and some preseners who speak norwegian . 
  though its not like there is any difficult understanding . 
  i 've heard that word as well , my faith is restored , 
  do n't try to shatter my image of you !, 
  you have to call if `` guleb\u00f6j '' . 
  if that by any chance isnt true i do hope that you call tvs a `` kringkastare '' . 
  eurostat numbers for us are from our own scb i.e what the government wants to send . 
  i ca n't say anything about the validity of other countries numbers , but they 're probably rigged as well . 
  really you trust our politicians ? 
  to play with the unemployment numbers through `` fas 3 '' , internships and stuff is pretty much standard practice . 
  i read about those . 
  i did n't think it would be as pervasive on regional and local level though . 
  it is that bad ? 
  stuff like this is supposed to be done by either national , regional or local government , rather than something as thoroughly corrupt as a church organization in the balkans . 
  you could n't make it more corrupt if you tried . 
  balkans ... 
  welcome to our club !, 
  you are now a part our club ( we swedish being the chairman ) where jews are fleeing the country due to anti-semitic muslim migrants . 
  as far as i know ( do correct me if im wrong ) the netherlands dont have the us plutocratic system ( that made the crashes possible ) or any financial industry or other high risk industry that could sink the country . 
  an article that boils down to market confidence that sowhow fails to mention that markets still have * far * greter confidence in the netherlands than the other countries mentioned . . 
  it is not like it is the first time now is it ? 
  i did n't bother to read the article but are they refusing education reform again ? 
  or perhaps protesting that the government want to curb their often lucrative side business were they teach after school hours ? 
  ( though with the difference that they care after hours ) . 
  i have been in contact with the greek education system and have friends who have children in greek schools , i no symphaty for greek teachers what so ever . 
  yeah , they have been kicking the can for some while now . 
  i 'd say it is because they know that the euro wo n't work without a system such as the one you described . 
  i mean ez wide convergence is still essential but at the present impossible to achieve . 
  i agree to have smaller countries ( such as my own , if we were in the ez ) to yield competences and at that money to a centralised authority ( that most likely will be run from paris/berlin anyway ) is basically impossible . 
  i meant the stability of a centralized loaning system would still rest on the sucess of majority of countries , in order to keep intrest rates down . 
  now suppose that germany hits a slow year with minimal growth , that would severly undermine such a system . 
  this since german ( and french ) sucess would be integral , even in a centralized system , their rule would also still be essential for such a system to have any kind of market confidence ( due to national market size and size of bakning sector ) . 
  in order to makes this work ( too keep market confidence ) there would have to be oversight on what countries are loaning money too . 
  this both to underpin german and french control and ecb credability . 
  both is analogie of the parents and youngester as well as to have the eib unilaterly finance state projects is in part what greece has been calling for . 
  also , to make the ecb a guarantee for loans would be tailored to greece ( among others ) since they effetivly do lack market access . 
  it would likely lead to inflationary policy due to articifial intest rates i.e what in part caused the homegrown euro crisis in the first place . 
  why would makets accept these lower intest rates he suggests this time around ? 
  a centralized system for loans the way he suggests would have to be based on ear marked to pre approved projects in order to work . 
  if the ecb would go about taking loans from say china , india or the us to a common ez pool and at the same time have a large number of non preforming states such a system would be shot down by failing market confidence . 
  tackling tax evasion should indeed be a huge part of the structural refoms , though as i understand it even some national tax offices do n't want to change due to making money out of fraudulent practices . 
  fiscal stimulus also carries with it the problem that projects have to be approved and at the present some countries ( such as greece ) ca n't even absorb the eu funds it is entitled to presently , hence a stimulus might be completely ineffective . 
  part of the problem with the leaders expalning themselfs to their people is that some leaders within the ez do have a lot more clout than some , making it difficult for other leader to expalin themselfs to their people . 
  i mean yes , germans ( as an example ) might accept transfers , though on the other hand austria might not . 
  how would a simple problem like this be solved ? 
  i ca n't see euro wide redistribution as an alternative that smaller countries would accept . 
  this especially smaller countries that have done their homework and reformed . 
  it 'd be a hard sell to say to holland that * `` hey , you 're gon na finance spanish development with yet more money '' * . would n't it come with massive moral hazard risks ? 
  i do see what you 're coming from though since ez wide convergence still has to be realized , otherwise the euro will remain a `` one size fits none '' suboptimal currency area . 
  the problem with that proposal ( in the link ) is that is it tailored greek needs and in addition punishes good governance as well as will contribute to inflationary policies , i mean such as leanding cyckle that he is suggesteing is to say it crudely a ponzi scheme . 
  do feel free to elaborate on how it could be feasable / realistic . 
  a possible stimulus i agree is as charlemagne stated simply not feasable . 
  it would futhermore aggravate the north south divide since country a will inevitably end up with the bill for country b. 
  a possible break up of the euro-zone owuld indeed restore competitivenss for the south and force germany to stimulate domestic demand , but would at the same time possibly create bank runs and severe inflation in some countries . 
  this is partly the core of the problem i.e. 
  that structural factors such as institutional make up , institutional norms and history prevents/hinder the structural changes needed throughout europ\u00e9 . 
  i ca n't see any way out of the predicament though . 
  i mean the eu can send experts and such but these will at best have a limited impact on deep rooted institutional norms . 
  edit ; deep rooted path dependency in insitutions is very difficult to change . 
  this goes for the whole of the crisis affected south and france at that . 
  futhermore i do agree that harmonization should take place in some sectors , but at the same time it would inevitably cause huge losses of competetivness in entire regions of the eu . 
  of course we do as a union , but we 're still states . 
  if i read this correctly i assume you are speaking of redistribution within the eu ? 
  i 've heard the idea that trade surpluses of country a be used to cover losses oc country b. i do however doubt that it would be feasable though . 
  good points - about capital and reinvestenment i do see a problem since that has been tried , it is the basis of the convergence that the eu hoped to accomplish with regional and structural funds .
