  ofc , its not a subversion of language . 
  its an accepted term regularily used . 
  i 'd say its an application of `` whataboutism '' to disrupt . 
  havnt heard about this being a specifc chinese method , do correct me if i 'm wrong though . 
  yeah , as i wrote its textbook examples of whataboutism , this rather than astroturfing . 
  absolutly , its the same crowd that cheers on the iranian regime just because its anti-us , no matter that it is a theocratic dictatorship . 
  yeah , a lot of textbook `` whataboutism '' examples regarding russia vs. the us in comments , in most cases aimed to change debate focus to the us , or a `` debate about the debate '' . 
  i expected much better from you finland . 
  violating a fine nordic tradition like that . 
  still , its a much nicer city than sthlm . 
  the sale should not be seen as a recit for completed reforms . 
  rahter that private insitutions know taht the next haircut will slash other ez states loans . 
  hence , it is a quite a `` safe '' investment as long as it it is done at this level . 
  christian science monitor , now there 's an onymoron for you . 
  also , dads taking care of kids , the horror ... 
  i know the ukraine is n't in the eu ... my point is that the eu ca n't even make a clear line towards teh ukraine , and barely even against moldova i.e. 
  there is no way to absorb turkey . 
  also , `` quick effective responses '' and `` firm sanctions '' ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  the eu ca n't even unite to manage the cluster fuck in ukraine , yet you think it can absorb an increasingly autrocratic muslim state bordering irak , syria and iran ? 
  talk about living in an ivory tower . 
  are these people for real ? 
  did they miss the stuff that 's been going on in turkey during the last year ? 
  also , the samll fact ath turkey is growing regional connections in order to be a regional power should speak volumes , though apparently not for old politicians totally disconnected from reality . 
  it is also a eu-sceptic party . 
  i have this great idea ; lets take the most dystopian pictures avaliable and claim them to represent a whole country . 
  also , there is no alternative to austerity . 
  sooner or later these reforms will have to be implemented . 
  to fulfill the dutys of `` night watchman-state '' is one of the core functions and obligations of the modern state . 
  if they want to fuck about with climate change they should do it within the frame of the approriate agency . 
  also , do ask the ukranians if they think it is a `` game '' you halfwit . 
  thats not the case , it is rather about us having our own [ beltway ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/inside_the_beltway ) with a specific class who are in charge of both media and politics , these have norms that aint represetnative of the general public . 
  polls show that the majority have a negative view of religions extremists . 
  take your pick ; almost closing our military down while changing focus to enviromental threats , our defence collage has done this . 
  look at our schools ; falling apart , though still the focus is on `` gender '' , `` power structures '' `` structural racism '' and such , rather than tackling the issues . 
  our energy policy , the greens are hellbent on closing down nuclear power , even though there is no alternative . 
  our police have stopped tackling certain types of crimes in favour of administrative tasks including slef-evaluations demenaded by the greens during pre 2006 , we have judicial activism in our courts . 
  i mean you name it , i could go on and on . 
  yeah , europ\u00e9 has to step up , but we all know we wo n't . 
  countries such as mine are naive beyond belif and weak busy with post-modern bullshit . 
  others are way to busy looking after special interests , such as the us and britain . 
  also , we need nuclear power , not the unhealthy shale-gas stuff . 
  we in the west have been giving china et.al . 
  a free ride for about 30 years by now . 
  rather than liberalising and absorbing western values as the west hoped we see a sitaution were there is no universialism of values , and no committement to stabile international institutions . 
  western states have lost a tremendous amount of influence through outscourcing of technologies and the economic tilt towards teh east , we have to reign in gloablism . 
  we simply can not continue to abolish ourselfs . 
  i knew it 'd be bad , but honestly in what way are those represernative of this country ? 
  cherry pincking is a better description . 
  i do n't think that it is ridiculous to assume that they wo n't change . 
  its organizatioanl theory 101 , the norms of organisations ( state enteties in this case ) are very difficult to change , path dependence will make it nerly impossible for renzi to do anything but token messaures . 
  as for general policy to get some kinda growth in the ez trouble areas , i honelsty ca n't see any solution , i know people ( still ) are salivating over a banking union , eurobonds and such , but that simply wo n't happen . 
  greece is only growing because of the fact that it is on the absolute bottom , the only way was up really . 
  looking at greece and long term future prospects there wo n't be any major suge of internatioanl investment , due to regulator uncertainty , corrution , closed professions et.al . 
  hence it wo n't bounce back after it catches to the losses from these pasts years . 
  greece has very few competitive advantages while at the same time still shows a lot of dis-incentives for investors , start ups et.al . 
  those of us who are older than 15 does not . 
  but they wo n't reform , thats just the issue . 
  look at italy , montci could hardly put a dent in the laws and practices that needs reforming , and the newly elected president wo n't be able to do any major reforms due to inexperience , ressitance from the old parlimentarians et.al . 
  in spain roijas and his government are plagued by huge scandals on an almost weekly basis , the old labour laws are still in place more or less , and red tape and corruption have not been delt with . 
  this also goes for greece were footdraging and clever manouvering basically holds the troika hostage ( they do n't wan na see the left gain power ) so the reports that comes out of greece are hot air . 
  it also has failed to deliver any major reform . 
  we also have france , a massive and to europ\u00e9 central economy that has n't even begun to reform and probably wo n't due to a very weak and undecisive president . 
  what i want to point out is that the states wo n't reform . 
  rather it is about reforming the welfare state , taking the hard decisions and live with it . 
  we did that in the early 90s and so should the south ahve done . 
  though rather it hid behind subsidies , corruption , buocracy et.al . 
  it is simply not acceptable to demand life-time employments and such in 2014 , southern labour markets ahve to reform a lot more , period . 
  this said do the current ez-leaders have a stake in the blame ? 
  absolutly , i mean the ez non-inflationary policy will contrinue to damage the south . 
  you just do n't go about reinstating heavy industry though . 
  to attract that kind of business if the key to the whole of europ\u00e9 and to be blunt portugual has very littleto offer in competition when looking at heavy industry , besides lower labour costs . 
  the bigger countries still does not care for the smaller ones , thats a lot f the issue still , that present policies wo n't change . 
  no we hav n't . 
  most of them have had 30 years or more to reform , it does not in any way fall on the north . 
  they have themselvs to blame for draging their feet in an almost biblical manner . 
  sadly anemic growth means lower job prospects  <, 
  yeah devaluation will help tourism-economies such as greece , et.al . 
  against regional competitors . 
  what is your solution ? 
  to continue down the same road as the last five years ? 
  thats has worked out just fucking fine hasnt it ? 
  the ez is incapable to construct a policy that will accomodate the dysfunctional south . 
  only idiots think that the south will actually complete the reforms needed to gain competitiveness ( what that is needed to turn the ez around ) . 
  yeha , since it 'll give states back the pirmary policy instrument ( monetary policy ) to break this downwards cyckle . 
  the euro is a faliure , face it . 
  how are you going to work out the ez problems ? 
  france wo n't reform , germany wo n't agree to major policy changes , italy is sill ungovernable , greece will be a cluster fuck for years to come . 
  add to this rising eu-sceptisism that makes compromise even harder and you 'll find yourselvs in quite the bind . 
  it is unfixable , and the euro should be scrapped . 
  you think so ? 
  is the situation in spain fixed ? 
  no , france ? 
  no , italy ? 
  is germany willing to compromise with the current non-inflationary policy ? 
  no ; i hardly think the crisis is over . 
  you should have read more than the first few lines . 
  as they point out , the structural factors that actually caused this clsuter fuck are still to be resolved i.e. 
  we 'll see anemic growth rather than a recovery . 
  how will it pick up full steam ?
