  when even these people realize that he is a bad choice then you know it 's bad . 
  the eu being scrutinised at the level it is presently regarding democratic deficit , accountability et.al . 
  i do n't think that is likely . 
  i agree on your points , still the handling was ham-fisted at best . 
  electing him will likely exacerbate the eu current legitimacy and image problem . 
  no-one has any ` right ' to a vacation , it is that simple . 
  junker ... well did n't he do a fine job during the night of the ez-crisis ? 
  oh wait , he sucked beyond belief . 
  that they insist of dragging these unpopular careerer eurocrats to to jobs in the eu will just ensure the eu becoming even more unpopular . 
  this said , its getting tiresome that the uk increasingly relies ` leave the eu ' card , the uk has a very weak position , and should realise that . . 
  so what ? 
  boo fucking hoo that people ca n't afford what that amounts to a luxury . 
  a country that is almost unable to reform itself , with a leader that wo n't have a shot in hell to reform italy wants to lead ? 
  what a joke . 
  how cute that you think the eu cares about rules , i 'm telling you how the real world works . 
  cyprus , an inept and corrupt hell-hole of trafficking , money laundering , et.al . 
  were still much closer to the eu through the connection with greece and religion than turkey will ever be . 
  when push comes to showe the geographical rule will be used to keep turkey at bay , a decision i am in agreement with . 
  you seem to have very bad reading comprehension . 
  yes it did , and partly since it was seen as close-ish to europe culturally it worked . 
  turkey on the other hand wo n't have any of that working in its favour . 
  yes it is , look up both teh eu requirements and morocco 's application . 
  both will clearly state geography as a key requirement . 
  is there political leeway in this in terms of cultural and religious belonging ? 
  yeah , there is , and turkey is on the wrong side of that leeway . 
  because greece blackmailed the eu into accepting it in exchange for accepting the eastern enlargement . 
  well boy , actually being a part of europe geographically is a central aspect of being allowed to join the eu , it is one of the requirements you see ... and also the reason to why morrocco , as an example , was not able to join . 
  oh please , no they wo n't . 
  especially after the mid-terms , a republican majority in both houses wo n't touch that , they 'll end up fighting some dumb windmill like `` benghazi '' . 
  what the national gop says is less relevant btw , than what its potential future presidential candidates says . 
  so what 's teh current stance of the gop on `` immigration reform '' ? 
  there you go . 
  i 'm just gon na give you a taste of what some of these people actually think , by a simple google search : allen west : http://thinkprogress.org/politics/2012/02/16/417174/allen-west-15-worst-quotes/ michele bachmann ; http://www.politico.com/gallery/2012/07/michele-bachmanns-most-controversial-quotes/000293-003810.html?ml=po_g paul brown ( didnt mention him , but stil , another addition : http://www.theblaze.com/stories/2012/10/07/gop-congressman-calls-evolution-the-big-bang-theory-lies-straight-from-the-pit-of-hell/ paul ryan ; http://politicalhumor.about.com/od/paul-ryan/a/paul-ryan-quotes.htm rand paul ; http://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/rand_paul ted cruize : http://swampland.time.com/2013/09/25/top-10-ted-cruz-quotes/ ron paul : http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2011/12/28/10-outrageous-ron-paul-quotes.html todd akin ; http://www.nytimes.com/2012/08/21/us/politics/rep-todd-akin-legitimate-rape-statement-and-reaction.html?_r=0 i could go on , and find worse stuff , but i cba . 
  they \u00a8 re all a bunch of halfwits who should be in some kind of protective custody . 
  nope , just look at what representatives of the party actually says , its basically the same , as an example immigration from mexico and golden dawn border paroling suggestions towards turkey , they 've got the same policy . 
  i suppose you 're one of those who stupidly believes that there is always `` two side of the argument '' ? ... 
  no it is not , the tea party has drawn the gop so far right that they 're nearly on the level of greece 's golden dawn when looking at a huge variety of policy areas , such as religion , religious laws , abortion immigration et.al . 
  there are hadly any ` rinos ' left in the gop . 
  want me to get quotes from bachmann , santorum , paul ( both of em ) , ryan , cruize , king , west , akin , walch , et.al . ? 
  the gop makes european fascists like jobbik look like a kindergarten . 
  that is bland compared to the verbal diarrhoea that us republicans suffer from 365 days each year . 
  i am , i just have no confidence whatsoever in these people . 
  of course , i meant that i do n't think it is a good measure of british attitudes towards / perception of the country in the 60s . 
  i do n't think ` c ' will be able to hold on to their seat , they 're so vastly unpopular at home that i ca n't imagine them being able to muster enough voters . 
  also , this 'll be a vote of confidence for the present government , and it wo n't end well . 
  our situation is quite like yours , both in terms of the `` elite '' and general public divide , and in how eu-scepticism , if coming from the right , is framed as xenophobia . 
  i do n't know what 's worse , a megalomaniac and rude german , or that fat portuguese communist at the post presently . 
  over all we 'll send a lot of parties that pay lip service to eu-scepticism , but whose representatives will end up going native in the ep . 
  nah , he 's just stating the obvious , that you have no idea how to place he party correctly . 
  also , the poll you 're referring to is way of all other polls and hence is n't a good measure . 
  ah , nothing that actually hurts then , got it . 
  yeah , cold war propaganda depictions from the warsaw-pact countries are credible sources of information ... 
  you 're right , i should have just written state , i meant the http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/westphalian_sovereignty definition of a state . 
  its not really news that russia is the nation state equivalent of a drunken hobo sleeping in his own piss in the gutter . 
  the country has been a walking corpse for at least 35 years just looking at the demographics alone , when factoring in other indicators it just gets worse . 
  i agree about that . 
  my point was that being supported by pasok should have had a negative impact due to lingering disenfranchised voters and protest votes . 
  yeah , that is very surprising , hopefully a sign that people are starting to realize that tzipras is full of shit , and actually ca n't do teh stuff he purposes . 
  i 'm suprized to see pasok that high , seems they managed to get some voter confidence back from swing voter going to syriza . 
  i agree , the cap is awful , and in part resonsible for that . 
  this said , a lot of eastern companies offered inferior goods and hence simply perished due to products they were producing not being up to scratch . 
  not really , its not like the markets were closed of before the accensions . 
  they had been implmenting the aquis for some time . 
  looking at birth rates/abortion rates among russians , and factoring in that a huge part of your pupulation are ethnio-religious muslims , who do n't do abortions , the cluster fuck waiting to happen is russia rather than europe . 
  because the population has said no , and , we like to control our own policy instruments . 
  in addition to this we 're part of the perifiry and do not see ourselfs as a part of that close cooperation . 
  i agree completly . 
  there is no foreign bogeyman who caused the curent situation , eventhough this is a very common narrative among greeks . 
  rather 30 years of missmanagement and corruption on a biblical scale caught up with greece . 
  ofc , but that is how the world works . 
  in the end companies and national governments will look to a potential advantage when selling expensive goods . 
  companies wo n't stop playing into greek bribe culture , simply because there is always that one company that has no qualms , hence participating will be the rules of the game . 
  you have to bribe your way in front of the competition in greece to make any kind of deal work out . 
  the germans just adapted to the local business climate , just like every other european country has done when trying to close deals in greece . 
  if you want to pass blame look to your own parties , all of them . 
  sigh ... this again ? 
  its not gon na happen for sweden . 
  there are very few politicians who 'd be dumb enough to make a serious push for a nato membership . 
  also , we 've already made an agreement with finland on increased cooperation . 
  yes , i am mixing them , this to provide a context to likley actions from the eu and us . 
  mccain is seen as a rino though , he has little say in the gop these days . 
  i would hope business would be ignored in such a event , but looking at the us today i do n't think that is likley , wall street infleuence is far to big after 2010 . 
  as for europ\u00e9 , i actually think germany probably would continue like now calling for stability while making concesions . 
  right wing american media can and would easliy spin that around the other way , just look at the ongoing spin about `` benghazi '' , with something like us troops in the baltics , threatening the us economy via confrontation with russia that they 'd have a field day . 
  you need to take into account that a , europ\u00e9 is not popular among the american right , and b , that they the would much more see the asia pivot happen . 
  its already a political disaster , the russians have exposed eu/us helplessness . 
  i mean a lot of the discourse in the us is about whether it is actually worth confronting the russians over defending the baltics . 
  wall street thinks not , it tells obama to lay of since it has vast amounts invested in russia . 
  the eu ca n't unite about ukraine , about 6k german companies , that are trading with russia , are in effect blocking any action from the eu . 
  you think these they 'd change footing due to the baltics ? 
  i think not . 
  real-politics and national interests will prevail here . 
  also , i think you 're not taking into account american interior-politics . 
  the democrats will loose the senate , hence it 'll have a gop majority in both houses , such a majority would be unlikely to intervene in the baltics , this due to them thinking in terms of spheres of influence , and a lot of the right wing in the us sees the baltics as being within the russian sphere of influence , they often use mexico parallel as an example . 
  this will render nato useless . 
  tldr : yes , the troops are for show . 
  i do n't think this is the case as explained above . 
  also , due to the russian nuclear doctrine vis-a-vis nato i find it even more unlikly that the us would engage . 
  this said , it remains to be seen if teh russians are dumb enough to try something in narva , they 'd be crossing a threshold where they ca n't go back . 
  i do n't think that is the case , to sell potential military confrontation with russia to a war-weary american public would be difficult at best , especially when considering that european abysmal military spending would be a part of teh american debate , the narrative would be that europe is n't taking responsibility for itself ( we are n't ) .
