  interesting to note though is that , [ those mosques are producing the among largest amount of isis fighter in europe , i.e they do cause a lot of bother ] ( http://www.di.se/artiklar/2015/8/28/ledare-kravs-mer-for-att-stoppa-exporten-av-terrorister/ ) . 
  if you believe that then you 're completely delusional . 
  also , all recent polls suggest taht migration , and much tighter migration policy is wanted by a majority , i.e. 
  you 're a small minority . 
  but it is more or less a given where food being smuggled from eu is from , given previous import patterns , and due to the third country smuggling via belarus et.al . 
  the danger for russians though is the legal imports of chinese stuff , seeing as it can be of very low quality . 
  do you really believe that yourself ? 
  that russia has a problem with unsafe african food imports . 
  the eu food that is being bulldozed is in general of higher quality than domestic russian food , just due to the difference in legislation betweeen the eu and rus fed . 
  putin really need mauripol for the shipyards , right ? 
  i.e tsipras aims to root out disent within his own party while at the same time defeating a weak opposition ( post samaras nd ) . 
  however , will he be able to muster a stabile collition government after the election ? 
  he 'd be forced to rely on potami and pasok ( ? 
  should they pass the parliamnet limit ) . 
  some tentacle crap with this as the background sound ? 
  so now i need therapy . 
  is it possible to bill the german state somehow ? 
  faster than i hoped to expect . 
  also , they still have massive growth potential in both cities and among women i.e. 
  they 're gon na get a lot bigger during the three years still to the next election , during which the other parties will completely allinate themselves from the electorate , due to their lill cartel . 
  that is precicely the music i had in mind . 
  that constipated looking guy in the video can bring his accordion . 
  serbs gon na provide the music corps ? 
  i aint following , what does our surstr\u00f6ming have to do with russians destroying awesome food ? 
  anyone who 'd rather destroy a duck than having a nice duck breast with a good scauce and some vegitables should n't be trusted . 
  two parts of our coutry , to the east , has gotten mistaken flags . 
  one a white and blue flag and another part a black , white and blue flag . 
  otherwise it seems fine . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdrnktsdbre ) . 
  its true that the crisis has enchanced this effect , in germnay and other safe-heaven countries . 
  that 's unlikely , but within the ez for some states , sure . 
  germany ahd low interest rates before the crisis . 
  actually , during the early 2000 the rest of the ez artificially had german interest rates via the euro . 
  thr crisis acted as market correcting in regards to interest rates . 
  germany having alow interest rates has nothing to do with greece . 
  it would have done that regaradless of were the crisis was taking place . 
  the article is disingenious in that it links low interest rates to greece in particular . 
  news at 11 : countries with functioning insitutions etc. 
  have lower interest rates , always has and always will . 
  how on earth is this `` profiting 100 billion from the greek crisis '' ? 
  if we could leave ` your ' union i 'd be thrilled . 
  i get it , you 're embarresed of your countrymen . 
  deal with your problems , leachers . 
  i ca n't agree at all . 
  they 've shuffled their beggars on other countries , including ours . 
  deal with your citizens romania . 
  the same goes for bulgaria . 
  no , it was only stopped in a single place ( which is bad enough ) , but still , it will thankfully remain in the other locations around the metro . 
  false marketing . 
  shame on you . 
  no , it was worked good in turkey in removing islamists and promting economic and social stability . 
  of course it had massive drawbacks aswell though . 
  got ta be time soon for them turkish generals to step up to the plate and put the turkey on the right track again . 
  with all due repsect i do think you 're trivalising the matter . 
  this stupid county alone takes about 20 % of the migrant inflow to eu-28 . 
  it is not sustainable . 
  there is also nothing , beyond our dumb politicians , that guarantees these people a place here . 
  they ought to be sent to the arabian peninsula , the countries that sponsor stuff like isis . 
  also , the north consist of conformist lutheran societies , we do n't like difference or people that differ and fail to conform to general society . 
  yeah , i can only give you links in swedish though , the average time to get the first job is 8 years for an average migrants . 
  couple this with our labourmarket , that is the one with the smallest low skill sector in eu-28 . 
  there is , you can ( should ) find all the information you want [ here ] ( http://www.bra.se/bra/bra-in-english/home.html ) . 
  also , my point was in over-representation of migrants in crime categories , i never laid any claims to total crime . 
  you 're free to view me as an ass , but i stand by my point . 
  the generalisations are substantiated if you 'd look at percentages of crimes committed by migrants , as you yourself points out . 
  i can guarantee that rapes will be up in these areas , as will assaults and robberies . 
  i honestly do n't care if they are traumatized or not , i do n't want them here , and i 'm tired of the rest of eu ignoring dublin ii via sending them here . 
  i want them out . 
  the thing is taht we have white flight everywhere . 
  local people do n't want these people here , they will never be integrated as society in general do n't care for them , their religion or culture . 
  a substantial part of them will end up getting social welfare permanently , running some kebab-shop , drive a taxi at most . 
  they will * never * be integrated . 
  they will remain a burden , especially in small districts where services are cut to accommodate their needs ; social welfare , medicine , language aid , housing et.al . 
  people view these foreigners as nothing but a burden . 
  they are hence virewd with disdain from the outset . 
  we should not serve as a role model in anything , want a good functioning society look at finland ? 
  but not us . 
  stop idolizing this country , it is nothing to look up to . 
  as i understand it people of social welfare get bus pass if they get an internship or similar . 
  they do n't get it just because automatically . 
  this accomplishes nothing but having these people loiter about in city centres . 
  i do n't think they ought to be here in the first place for the record . 
  also , all this will do is to allow criminality to spread . 
  i mean so now they ca loiter about town centers , yay , real profit there . . 
  why the hell should they get free stuff that the rest of us has to pay for ? 
  i do , you however seem to be unable to grasp well documented issues . 
  i had to google `` geordie '' , [ jesus christ almighty ] ( https://www.google.se/search?q=geordie&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0cacq_auoawovchmi7-wkmzj7xgivasxych1dgqvy&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=633 ) . 
  seems it 's [ not that difficult ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/g%c3%bcrtel_case ) , seeing as the judiciary [ dos n't ] ( http://www.thelocal.es/20150310/confidence-in-spanish-justice-system-at-all-time-low ) seem to hold a high quality . 
  yes , our police is beyond incompetent , but it still has nothing to do with corruption level . 
  i really do n't get your point , lol . 
  but i did n't ! ... 
  you see this is what i 'm talking about . 
  the common folk are those who make up local administration , those who staff authorities who cleared hotel complexes in natural sanctuaries et.al . 
  these people didnt come down from mars and started to corrupt spain , rather they emerged from the same people and share the values of these people . 
  what does that have to do with corruption ? 
  i 've linked you perception indexes from a reputable source , a news article on corruption , an article from an academic journal and a well written article from te . 
  what more do you want ? 
  of course there is a bribe culture in spain , it stretches from local government to central government . 
  it includes everything from local government to judiciary ( there was an article on a regional juridical branch that literally was run by a fucking family a while a got but i ca n't find it ) . 
  true , it does indeed seem they are n't competent enough to manage it on their own .
