  greece still has very low fdi due to red tape , it also suffers from regulatory uncertanty in regards to foreign investors rights and time to process tenders/legal matter . 
  additoinally the over all institutional factors that are stopping growth has yet to be dealt with . 
  as long as this wo n't happen there wo n't be growth . 
  this is relevant since the above predictions have always taken into account that greece will go ahead and reform practices that hinders for example fdi , the greek governments never really did that though . 
  a few casual arsonists eh ? 
  you 're just embarrassing yourself . 
  regaradless of if you think that it is a valid definition is is how they define themslelfs in most cases . 
  i 've lived in athens . 
  the anarchists from exarchia are behaving the way they are because of the revolutionary romantics that is flourishing in the neighourhood . 
  their actions have little to do with the actual situation in the country . 
  they are n't arresting people partly because of the leftist journalists who 'll be sure to whip up a fake media torm abour `` racism '' and crap if they would . 
  as for the machete wielding old man im pretty sure he had to be a threat for our toothless police to actually do something for once . 
  as long as they keep turbofolk contained to their own countries they can do what ever they please . 
  well in this country `` leftist activist '' is another way of saying anarchists/communist left . 
  its the same kind of left that destroys wto meetings and who are causing havoc in the demonstrations you can see from places such as greece . 
  med tanke p\u00e5 deras upptr\u00e4dande och hur de r\u00f6r sig i omr\u00e5dena tror vi att en del av upploppen \u00e4r organiserade , s\u00e4ger en av initiativtagarna till nattpatrullen , jakob eliyo '' translation : a group of voulenteers discovered that cars has been used to block police cars . 
  in the centre of jacobsberg they encounter about 10 youths , the youth are all hooded and wear thick gloves . 
  when the voulenters tells the youth that they are n't welcome they leave in a car . 
  taking the behaviour into account and how they move have lead us to believe that some of the riots are organized says jakob eliyo of voulenteers `` nightwathers '' . 
  translation : the security police is since a few days assisting in the investigation of the stockholm riots . 
  the police suspects that violent leftist activists are taking part in the riots . 
  translation : three types of individuals are thought to be the force behind the riots . 
  these being local youth , known criminals and a small group of activists by trade '' `` bitr\u00e4dande l\u00e4nspolism\u00e4stare , ulf johansson , bekr\u00e4ftar att yrkesaktivister finns bland de individer polisen nu spanar efter '' translation : assistant regional police chief ulf johansson does confirm that activists are among the individuals that the police are on the look out for . 
  i.e both the police , the security police and voulenteers who are trying to stop it points to leftists . 
  i mean come on , it is not the fault of the eu if the ( as always incompetent ) greek government ca n't come up with plans that will be approved within the eu legal framwork . 
  it is fucking obvious that using common eu resourses for national benifit programs to curb unempoyment is n't legal . 
  the is no common funding of national unemployment schemes . 
  germany dos n't have a tarnished image . 
  i thought the clip would be about some southern protesters , did n't even know thistrail was going on . 
  http://www.svd.se/nyheter/inrikes/polis-misstanker-yrkesaktivister_8207976.svd you ' l have to put the article it in translate though . 
  i would accept that they do it bcause of the fact that they want to riot and fight the police , why ? 
  because they think like they are fighting a war againt the mjority and the majority norms . 
  its not because of humaniratian reasons , we do take the quota refugees , that is for humanitarian reasons . 
  though beyond that about 90 000k + economic migrants / year !, 
  this in a country with 9,5 million people , we take as much as germany . 
  why you ask , i ca n't tell \u00fdou beacause i have no idea myself.it 'd be nice to have one of the white knights from / r sweden here so you can see their bizzare arguments for yourself . 
  it is likely though because of a disconnect between on one side media and politicians ( they are in the same bed ) and the other side the general public . 
  our media are left wing radicals ( about 70 % ) and because of that will shout racism at first chance ( kinda like in the uk and france ) , our centrist and weak politicans will shy away from anything in order to accomodate a media who will wip up a fake fire storm about racism at the slightest chance . 
  as i stated originally thay have taken in some enticers , among them was career criminals and communist `` activists '' . 
  so if was to compare it would be a mix of london and paris . 
  police brutality is just a media narrative used as a scape goat for both media and politicians , it has absolutely nothing to do with reality . 
  rather the police does nothing becuase of the government , they have barely made arrests . 
  of couse unemplyment is higher , we have the smallest low skill sector in the enitre eu , but the government still continues to bring these people here year after year . 
  to be blunt we neither have the institutional resourses to take these people into society , the general public do n't want them here and they themselvs are only here because of the money ( compare migration flows to our neighbours and you 'll see that this is true ) . 
  the immigration policy responsible for this mess is a * everyone loses * policy , except for some journalists and politicians who considers themselvs `` humanitarian '' and `` good '' in a saint like way for sticking to a completely botched policy that has no legitimacy what so ever . 
  yes they would , beacause they do not accept our norms in how we live and handle daily life . 
  no , they are not poor and their area is not derilict . 
  the area that has been rioting the most ( j\u00e4rva ) has been given a shit load of money all since 2007 . 
  they have among the highest ration of teacher/pupil in sthlm , they have generous open hours at youth houses , they have a new library et.al . 
  social exclusion is not the reason . 
  we have a lot of ex yugoslav immigrants , iranian , assyrian etc. 
  we do n't see these people rioting . 
  rather these muslims from margreb and iraq and somalia riot because they do not accept the cultural norms and laws that govern the majority . 
  he was n't innocent , he was fucking around with a machete . 
  learn to write a title properly . 
  also , besides left wing terrorist entising riots whenever they can there have been reports of criminal immigrants using the riots as cover . 
  futhermore the media reports on muslims because * the rioters are mostly muslim * who believe that they are waging a war against the majority . 
  this is pretty much the same stuff as in the suburbs of paris a few years back . 
  there are positive sights but i ca n't say that i agree with the sentiment in the article . 
  i mean greece still has very low fdi as a consequence of red tape , wich has not been fixed . 
  furthermore regulatory uncertanty in regards to foreign investors rights and time to process tenders/legal matter as well as and emoplyment standards are hindering a recovery in the long run . 
  well it is true , the sizable latino dispora in both texas , new mexico and california do make for a huge challenge in terms of demographics and general social inplications . 
  look at texas , the latino population could swing the traditional republican stronghold to the democrats . 
  as for possible sesessions we can see that the us is becoming more fragmented than ever in a centre ( costs ) - perifery ( inland ) perspective . 
  i 'm a realist and i base my assumptions on in part huntingtons works , thre is were my opinions originate . 
  i 've also worked with people who served in the un missions to former yugoslavia . 
  there is no dynamic to speak of , the serbs in rs do n't wan na be a part of bih in the first place and the croats would much rather join croatia if given the chance . 
  as far as i can tell no one of the groups cares , they 're to busy with religious infighting also , its not like the croats or serbs care now is it ? 
  its like the bosnian precidency , shared by three persons who ca n't stand each other and who only looks to his respective group . 
  bih as a country is an absolute trainwreck . 
  what kind of example does it set ? 
  it tells the average greek tax payer that the richer you get the less you need to pay , also it kinda pisses of the people in the rest of europ\u00e9 that are forking up the money for the greek bailout . 
  also , a lot of them have flagged in the philippines for a long time , but they * still * get the tax braks . 
  - constitution of the federation of bosnia and herzegovina - constitution of bosnia and herzegovina - constitution of the republika srpska, 
  look it up , greek shipbuilders / owners suc as onasis as an example are exempt from taxes due to their `` service to the contry '' i.e that they employ a lot workers ( wich they do n't ) . 
  indeed the rest of the euro zone ( ez ) does . 
  though it has hardly been connected to preformance for about a year , rather greece recieves money more or less to keep the ez intact . 
  had the support truly been connected to reforms ( other than in words ) they 'd be bankrupt already . 
  but they do n't want to change , they average greek protester ( union man ) is n't protesting in favour of change , he is n't angry with the old ways . 
  rather he is protesting the acutal small changes that greece has been forced to make and is actuivly trying to revert the system back to the old ways . 
  this is true for the most protesters who stand around drinking coffe at public in syntagma ( btw to any greek is public still open ? ) . 
  greece needs to leave the ez in order to regain competitiveness with their neighbours . 
  another entry into the ez could be a carrot for change . 
  northern europ\u00e9 can do nothing to change the faulty institutional practices that made the greek crisis as severe as it is . 
  sure the rest of the eu can send experts but these people ca n't do anything against ( as an example ) tax agents who refuse to do their job due to the loss of `` fakilaki '' money that comes with change . 
  oh please , a large part of the rich elite in greece are exempt form paying taxes by law . 
  also , the unions have made sure that wage reduction is the only policy option the government has , rather than fiering incompetent workers who got thier jobs due to connections . 
  not really , a country comprised of three religios groups that hate each other and at that has three constitutions ( one for each group ) and ethnic quotation to their central government simply can not survive . 
  also , look at bulgaria , being a a eu member has done nothing to help the situation . 
  needs to do more ? 
  we ca n't have an * almost * failed state in the eu . 
  the different groups that comprises bih needs face the truth , that the country wo n't work without ever presant international presence . 
  we scandinavians + baltic countries have nothing in common with the spanish , the greek or the eastern europeans ( with the exeption of poland ) , likewise they have nothing in common with us . 
  the british and french have never really gotten along , germanys relations with britain is ambivilent at best and their relation with france has been underpinned by 60 years of money flows . 
  if you want to catch a glimps of how people in europ\u00e9 identify with each other do watch this from the economist : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtwjledeume, 
  both the us and brazil are * founded through immigration * while our countries in europ\u00e9 have developed through centuries through war and animosity based on religion , etnicity and regional power . 
  to believe that it would be possible unite this under a single identity is naive at best . 
  i am , since ( m ) are a bunch of traitors in both defence policy and criminal justice . 
  that said i do support their ( sd ) migration views . 
  they 're gon na get about 11-14 % next election and with that hopefully force some well needed changes in a lot of policy areas .
