  the amount of gravad lax that is to be consumed ... 
  thats a load of shit , look at iran as an example , sanctions worked fine . 
  also , negotiate about fucking what ? 
  what 's the eu ( that cant even unite ) say ? 
  please mr putin stop using g6w to destabilise ukraine ? 
  what leverage does the eu have ? 
  god dammit its so common for germans to be naive and / or think about their business interests with russia in this context . 
  and you think talking with putin will have even a slight chance of doing what exactly ? 
  convince him of giving up ? 
  he 's fully invested in this venture , disentangling him would leave him wide open to attack at home in russia . 
  yes , our country has hid away from major conflicts , avoided taking responsibility , and at that betrayed two counties that were once half of our country , yet people here pat themselves on the back self-righteously . 
  i really do n't get why dumb fucks here are to celebrate this , as they will in my city . 
  its a fucking embarrassment , nothing more . 
  edit : oh my god , my countrymen in this thread trying to white wash our history in regards to wwii in particular are both embarrassing and ridiculous beyond belief . 
  oh come on !, 
  there must be some methodological issue with that index , otherwise i ca n't see how those two could be ahead . 
  on a more serious note ; take stuff like this into account when proposing that cluster fucks like serbia and albania should be accepted into the eu . 
  the amount of crying over that plant from our dear neighbours has always astonished me . 
  i 'd hope that we 'll build more plants . 
  hey you !, 
  you ca n't just come in here with logic and common sense and throw of populist greens !, 
  i do n't really care about right and wrong either , just about observable reality . 
  i do n't agree about that the ukraine has maintained good relations to russia , rather the relations have been ambivalent at best . 
  the toppling of the administration came to be because of this , taking into account previous revolution . 
  while western propaganda might have been a small factor at the same time there was huge resentment towards teh establishment that had been tehre for years . 
  the wolf should n't do that , since the bear and its larger cousin , the panda , wants to erode the influence of the wolf through its own systems . 
  the wolf is old and apparently blind towards any threat , even one it knows since the past . 
  the bear on the orther hand is completely unable to adapt to the new way honey bees hide their honey , and therefore ca n't get it , and in the end will go extinct if it wo n't adapt . 
  yeah , the russia view is a curiously one , is based on realist assumption ( huntington in particular ) while at the same time they cry against realist tactics against itself ( bandwagoning ) . 
  in this story thought he bear is old , impotent , drunk and threatens the sleeping wolf with a broken bottle . 
  but thats the thing , in my mind , , that while crying over expanded western influence , mind you towards nations that have been desperate to escape russian influence the russians cry foul when doing much , much more crap themselves . 
  in essence they have absolutely no right to complain . 
  the hypocrisy in these apologetic articles is always astonishing . 
  while crying over the big bad western wolf that takes no account of poor lil butthurt russia that cries over loosing its empire ( none of em wanted to be a part of russia ) , at the same time no fucking word is given to the russian tactic of freezing conflicts like in georgia , moldova , nagoro-karabach et.al . 
  you mean the corruption , clientelism and general dysfunctionality ? 
  [ whataboutism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism ), 
  i second this , most issues are bound to whatever narrative the politicians together with the journalists want to spin . 
  so they 're finally going in then i take it ? 
  i agree with that , it needs to happen . 
  we all have to man up and take responsibility , especially my own country . 
  because vailes are relevant to geo-politics ... also , thats naive , since your government effectivly decides eu policy - without germany putler will run loose , and your government will make sure that he does . 
  i wish teh us would pull their troops from germany to force it to handle stuff . 
  as i wrote , until recently . 
  i do n't agree with that national identity is in a downward spiral , not in general . 
  looking at some countries in teh former east its been rising for some time due to the re-establishment of national identity , and remains quite constant in quite a number of western countries . 
  this is to say that there is a lack of a foundation to build a federation , since there really is n't any european identity ( associated with the eu ) that can be used to warrant a federation . 
  because of [ this ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/prominent-germans-have-understanding-for-russian-annexation-of-crimea-a-961711.html ) basically and until recently [ this ] ( http://www.eubusiness.com/news-eu/ukraine-russia.x6k ) . 
  well both . 
  has putler backed down ? 
  nope , is germany ( along wiht italy ) a major hassle in dealing with russia?yes . 
  is mutti merkel still naive/drags her feet ? 
  yes . 
  national identity is nothing that will dissaperar just because eurocrats wants it to , its is far too deeply engrained . 
  also , the current power-players would never accept such a thing , france , however deluded , still sees itself as the `` political centre of europe '' even though it has n't been for nearly 200 years . 
  as for increased regionalism i 'm sceptical , just look at catalonia . 
  i think the british way of dealing with it is a one of . 
  a name change is all that federalism would accomplish . 
  the power structures in-between members states would remain the same , the eu would still be run by the germans and french with a lill splash of italian in the mix . 
  looking at current events ` unity ' is so fucking far of its not even on the map . 
  european unity is , always has been , and always will be constrained to dealing with ntb : s and such , technocratic details . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  you simply do not get it , law in the eu is , at best , applied when it suitable . 
  when germany and france chose to not give a crap about ez-stability rules they did n't give a shit about legislation , when my country voted to ignore teh euro it did n't give a shit about treaty obligations , giving the ecb lender of last resort capabilities did n't conform to any legislation , and know what , no-one could do jack shit about anything . 
  its asinine to believe that law will trump political reality in a cooperation with 28 member states . 
  its not how the eu or eec has ever functioned . 
  greeting neighbour !, 
  for us there woul n't be any problem , sadly though the eu does n't work like the north . 
  if we take into account the south and the east i 'd think we 'll get a different picture . 
  if you wan na live in teh delusion that stuff like this would more or less be an administrative procedure decided by a court do knock yourself out . 
  i see your point , but still the cultural , economic and language differences in the eu makes that evolution highly unlikely in my view . 
  basic stuff like power relations - the germans and french would never let important posts go even if there was a federation , hence it would n't change anything . 
  whenever major stuff has happened in teh eu , as with as an example keeping the ez alive et.al . 
  regulations have been thrown out the window . 
  rather you 're the one who should read up on how teh eu has developed , and how lax it really is as to regulation when state / major interests are in play . 
  that is simply irrelevant . 
  you have to understand that when push comes to shove , when geopolitics are involved , as would be the case here then the ecj and the lisbon treaty will be disregarded . 
  i 've honestly never though someone 'd be that naive to think that the fines of the ecj would be a key in stuff like this . 
  you 're incredibly naive if you think that something like ejecting a member state would be left to the ecj alone . 
  having seen teh ` geordie shore ' show on mtv i do get what you 're coming from . 
   as it is now sovereignty of the member state exist only as long as the collective will eu wants it to actually be . 
  absolutely not !, 
  out of curiosity , where do you get these ideas ? 
  the eu can not in any way abolish a member states sovereignty , the eu is made up of sovereign states , and the states are the basis for the eu , not the other way around . 
  those are still just words , someone needs to operationalize them , to make an assessment as to whtehter hungary fulfils the criteria . 
  that can not be done without severely damaging what little sway the eu still has . 
  also , there is no way the remaning 27 countries would be able to agree on strong operationalizations . 
  i know about pan-slavism and all , and that the reasoning is idealistic . 
  still , even back then russia took more notice of the positions of austria-hungary than those of serbia , like when austria-hungary took bosnia is a great example . 
  if we look on a societal level the similarities simply are n't there , neither socio-culturally , nor economically . 
  not even in regards to religion if we look at the differences in serb ( and balkan in general ) orthodoxy to russian . 
  i 'd say that this fixation on a link to russia , as is the case with greece , is an attempt at latching on the own nation to a heritage more in line with how they themselfs want to view history , i.e. 
  to suppress the ottoman part of it . 
  kinda an attempt to change civilizational belonging . 
  i just find it very interesting . 
  absolutely , but then the reasonable path would be to ensure teh democratic process ; citizens access to the democratic process through eu-wide regulations on press freedom , governmental transparency , ability to set up parties , grass-root organizations , clear and transparent electoral laws et.al . 
  this rather than sending them into the open arms of putler . 
  do note that i 'm not trying to defend nazi-parties like jobbik that while not eh main party hungary is still a player . 
  you 're talking about making national election results that do n't suit the eu subject to supranational oversight and possibly ` correction ' , that is simply preposterous to even suggest . 
  what makes you think that a populous would accept either eu intervention in national sovereignty or a prime minister that 'd effectively be an installed puppet . 
  having the eu defining what ` proper democracy ' actually encompasses , and enforcing it would be a very bad idea , and would make support for the eu instantly disappear in eu-sceptic member states .
