  obviously not , though it makes it far more difficult for greece to grow within the ez . 
  greece willhave problmes attracting international investors due to a uncertain regulatory eniorment , high entry barriersand a unreliable private service sector . 
  this said , as for an alternative to austerity there simply is none , and in the case of greece they themselfs though catering to unions have fucked up the austerity program . 
  i do n't agree at all . 
  i mean like two of the closed sectors have been liberalized thus far , the privatization tenders are going nowhere adn i have yet to see any major reform in regars to red tape being implemented . 
  as long as there are no snap elections i can see the tourism industry regain some more ground though . 
  be that as it may it is still not relevant at all to this discussion , about greeces lack of competitive advangades within the ez . 
  yeah it was , thanks , couldnt remember the product . 
  i mean the moral of the story still applies in regards to opaque red tape . 
  shipbuilding has been on the ropes for years , even before the crisis , and the metalirgic industries are among the dirties in europe ( they wo n't survive for long ) so that kinda leaves farming and tourism . 
  well you know they ca n't , due to the euro i.e. 
  they ca n't do anything . 
  no it wo n't , you know very well that the reforms are on paper only , there is still the deadly red tape , and very corrupt officials that wo n't move a finger without a fakilaki . 
  i do n't know if they 've refomred the law by now ( probably not ) but earlier you needed to give as an example a ches x-ray and a stool sample ( yes , you did read correctly ) to open a simple web shop , was a great article on this a few years ago in one of the dailys.tthis is why greece wo n't be a hot start up for tech , greece is also still quite adverse to new tech in a lot of sectors . 
  i do n't know if that project will go smotly , there are still a lot of trouble in the way of getting that going . 
  if i was a greek minister i 'd really really try to get some green energy stuff going instead . 
  i do really hope that tourism will go up , i 'm all for having greece returing to growth , even though it dos n't sound like it , and i hope the service sectors picks up the slack so that tourists will return . 
  greece as a tourist country needs to offer better service and press on the unique cultural/nature experience that defines it from its competitors . 
  why i do wonder ... might it have anything to do with the facts that the parliament still is mostly a farce , that the commission is headed by either corrupts as fuck old men or as is the case now a former maoist helbent on increasing his power . 
  or perhaps that nearly half the budget still goes to the fucking cap , or that germany and france still , even though its now 28 members bascially runs the whole cluster fuck by themselvs like a king and queen , ignoring rules at will and putting their interests ahead of europe as a whole ( see france and cap as an example ) . 
  that is the eu for you . 
  as an originally technical cooperation in the form of the ecc it is undemocratic in so many ways that i 'd need to write at least two walls of texts outlining it , cba though . 
  that just proves my point . 
  now scroll down and have a peak at this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_economic_complexity greece is neither an advanced nor an diversified economy , hence its options were very limited from the get go , and made far worse so by the euro that effectivly removed the policy option it used to have i.e. 
  devaluation . 
  yeah i 've read macro a , but you know thats not really how stuff works in the real world , you ca n't take that basic model and apply it to a country outside `` centris parabus '' reasoning that way . 
  greece has basically no competitive advantage to the rest of southern europ\u00e9 , and certainly not if compated to europ\u00e9 as a whole in regards to any product , knowhow et.al . 
  that could turn the economy around . 
  one could argue about tourism ( on paper ) , but there , again , the euro makes it weak against croatia and turkey . 
  stimulate their ` global output ' of what ? 
  agricultural products ? 
  it needs to be scrapped . 
  i mean honestly not even france should be inside a common currency with its resistance to reform . 
  hence the countries were it could work ( that has functioning institutions et.al . ), 
  are far too few to make the euro work . 
  we had a vote on it , that it is what matters to us . 
  also , to be very blunt : when push comes to showe eu-agreements about high politics ( such as this case ) do n't count for shit in eurosceptic non-continental europe ( sweden and britain ) . 
  i mean honestly we are in the eu for the single market ( not that it works . . ) and nothing else . 
  when the eu is discussed here in sweden it is often refered to as `` they '' . 
  in other news : the earth is round . 
  the accordion music if enough , ca n't walk 20 meters outside my office without hearing it , should be illegal . 
  anyway , now that the snow is comming they 'll hopefully be forced to pack up and head back to the balkans where they belong . 
  luckily they ca n't force us ^ ^ seems like a plan , just get enough mannequins do distract them !, 
  feels so nice being outside the ez when i hear these kinda statements . 
  yeah , human rights are gon na bounce right back as soon as someone starts up the gravy train again ... god almighty . . 
  ca n't you read ? 
  we have gypsies native to romania , bulgaria and serbia pestering our streets . 
  it is the responsibility of their countries of origin to deal with them , in order for them not to come here to beg et.al . 
  its their god damn responsibility to deal with their citizens , but i guess this is way too much to ask of balkan countries . 
  no , a few journalists and various people looking to sue the police questions these lists , beyond that i hav n't heard any our-cry about this . 
  also , @romania , bulgaria and serbia ; take care of your f-ing gypsies , their terrible accordion music and begging is very annoying . 
  yeah becuase fdi is so dependent of ownership of utilities ... . 
  the comment was meant in the context of my reply to nargul and the greek disqouse . 
  that said the thought of some kind a `` transfer-union '' does have traction in southen europ\u00e9 , perhaps not in portugal but most certanly in both spain and greece . 
  no its not , just go look at the disqourse in greece and its calls for a `` marshall plan '' , debt relif , forced `` investment '' of other countries trade surpluses and such . 
  getting a free lunch from an external `` evil-doer '' is exacly what is being discussed . 
  nice women , still got some awesome tech , horrible government , awful drivers . 
  they also cheat a fucking lot in online games . 
  not that i am german but likewise i see it as a curse having to read these endless relativisations from southerners who are looking for a an external boggyman to blame/extract funds from . 
  still , in regards to both ireland and greece the utalization of funds was not the making of some evil german puppetmaster but rather individuals and governments in greece and ireland . 
  italy has been stagnat for 10 years + , altugh the problem was made worse with the euro i do believe the stagnation was evident before that . 
  yes that would be the basis of the crisis in spain , dysfunctionallity - corruption both among both civil servants and politicians , non-functioning control systems ( cajas ... ) and massive red tape . 
  really ? 
  `` creating huge bubbles '' i.e you 're saying that the adult people in some perifiral countries ca n't be expected to acts as resposible adults in regards to credits ? 
  that the germans in effect are responsible for terrible deicsions made by both goverments and private citizens outside germany . 
  id does not explain anything of the sort . 
  it does not explain the irish housing bubble and the fucked regulatory system that allowed it , neither does in explain a stagnant italy , a spendthrift greece , a dysfunctional spain or the collateral damage that essentially is the portegese crisis . 
  should n't the russian side rather feature ; a wrecked country side with nuclear and military waste , alcoholics sleeping in the gutter in their own womits , stalin-blocks without plumbing and a picture of the general secretary . . sorry ... president ? 
  the polish debt is at about 125 % ( short term gross external ) , the currency is slightly undervalued , it is very vurnable to a sudden capital freeze ( unlikely but still a factor ) , and far to reliant on eu-funds . 
  i.e it is risky . 
  yes our jobs market is fucked , it has been for years , that is the reason for a lot going to norway . 
  we have the lowest % of low skill jobs in eu 27 and at that a jobs markets that is reliant on contacts and miss matched against supply . 
  other than the bridge commuters i 'm not sure it is common to go to denmark though , i mean they do have to clear border control if i remember correctly ( ? ), 
  i saw these people in uppsala once , banging their `` shields '' and stuff . 
  at first i though it was some larp event , lol , close up i realised it was n't . 
  so has many swedish companies , such as volvo trucks . 
  i am not that thrilled that my tax money are paying for improving a countrys infrastructure , and then after that our companies move there . 
  it kinda is like being fucked over two times . 
  no , its an artificailly inflated economy that without large subsiedies would not be anywhere near were it is at the moment . 
  also , rather than we owing our jobs to poland we can see that due to the lower wages \u00b4 some companies are moving there i.e we actually paying for example infrastructure that 'll be the basis of relocation of idustry jobs , not just swedish but also german and italian . 
  i wasnt trying to attack your statement , rather i quite suprised by that particular senitment . 
  oh , did n't know that , that is however quite a perposterous view . 
  why would the fomer east be entitled to modern day western european tax payer money ? 
  its not gon na be able to keep doing this tough , somewere along the line the funds will be diverted to other countries/policy areas . 
  also , we will see some kinda convergence between poland on one hand and northern europ\u00e9 and scandinavia on the other hand in regards to wages . 
  by getting a crap ton of eu funds while keeping wages low and as such cannabalising indistries from other european countries ? 
  saint agur ( my favourite cheese ) , awesome food , awesome wine , awesome bread , a world leader in many areas such a nuclear power , train technology , stil one of the dominant forces that shapes europ\u00e9 . 
  i 've never had any trouble understanding the swedish spoken by finnish friends . 
  they can initailly be hesistant to speak swedish but are in most cases far better than they give themselvs credit for . 
  love affair huh , id say its more of an abusive relationship , from both parts . 
  look , greece is n't gon na change , the reform pace makes this crystal clear , at the same time germany wo n't do inflationary policy . 
  something has to give , my guess is that in the end greece will be out of the ez , this in order for the ecb to send a clear message to the markets when france starts buckling . 
  albania has supported the albanian minority in macedonia in such ways that the relations between the two are quite cold , i dare say since the late 90s . 
  its not about being primtive , rahter its is abour clan beloning influencing access to institutions , policy outcomes and such . 
  that both the un and the eu trying to build states has a really bad trackrecord , just look at the balkans in general and in particular bosnia ( eu ) , and in the case of the un africa , with somalia and rwanda as the worst example . 
  i do n't agree , the un is a papertiger unable to do anything , it always has been . 
  also , eurocrats and technoctaric way of thinking is not sutable for nation building , again , just look at bosnia . 
  as with the case of kosovo albania faces a hostile regional enviroment - macedonia , greece , serbia all long standing have issues with it . 
  add to this a unfavorable western view due to criminal dispora groups . 
  also , compared to its neighbours it holds few competitive advantages and at that is still in essance an un-governable clan based soceity very resistant to change .
