  i 'm not trying to push for some us-style bullshit , rahter the german middlestadt model . 
  that is the way europ\u00e9 has to take . 
  are people like donald trump leechers ? 
  yes . 
  is ingvar kamprad , the founder of ikea leecher ? 
  poverty traps exist in europ\u00e9 due to ( among other tings ) overly stringent labour laws , corruption and clietelist practices . 
  in places like italy , spain etc. 
  this is the real problem . 
  not really , the general cultural context is the cause of this . 
  ( yes i know there 's a lof of different cultures , and etnicities ) . 
  marx and the theorists after him all had to revise their theories in absurdum due to it not holding up . 
  also determinism teh wat maex outlined it simply dos n't work . 
  solve what problems ? 
  in what way would permiate solve an all-encompassing social welfare systems solve the problems of the present system ? 
  rather it 'd more them worse . 
  its not apologism , its the way the world actually works . 
  unless you try to breath some kidna common intelect and silimalr skills in people tehre will always be different socioeconomic groups , this simplye because because os scarce supply of skills inate to a limited amout of people . 
  just give india back to britain , they 'll sort it out . 
  i ca n't see why shareholders and / or investors in a company are equated to universial income . 
  i mean its simply not the same thing , it sohuld be obvious . 
  if you 've invested in a product or company ofc you 're gon na want to see a profit , otherwise you would n't invest . 
  `` doing the same amount of them '' ? 
  if someone gets tax money ( transfers ) for not working and instead does something ` self-fufilling ' or some bullshit that is a fucking cost , period . 
  are you trying to pretend that we live in some kinda alturistic faily tale world ? 
  `` gee my money is going to these people who do n't wan na do shit '' now taht is a dis-incentive . 
  whats your point ? 
  there will always be different socio-economical groups . 
  if you 're talking about financial capital etc. 
  then you know thats how banks work ... 
  observable facts like that the earth is round on one hand , and ( horrible ) idelogocial concepts like nazism are n't even formed through a similar thought process from the get go . 
  even if you were to equate basic income to a political ideology on its own ( its not ) you 'd be hardpressed to see it as some kind of overreaching or ` meta ' theory . 
  you 've got the right to think what you want , i 'm not questioning that . 
  though i will remain a cynic and question the feasability . 
  nazism and the shape of the planet is hardly the same stuff as some kinda universial income and/or income inequality now is it ? 
  you really ca n't equate those just because it fits your purpouse . 
  its about how society actually functions , you can live in some fariy tale world if you want but outside that the confidence in the state would take a massive hit with such a reform , also civil soceity would be segmented quite fast . 
  you 're assuming that people in general are ` utilitaralist ' , they 're not . 
  we ca n't do that , how 'd that work with reality ? 
  the local councils are besiged with stuff they ca n't pay for now , hence we see alot of rationalizations . 
  also , practial stuff like the free movement of people in the eu , if one country does this the coffers will go . 
  you ca n't use those studies as examples for welare sates in europe . 
  we have totally different economic , polical and social realities that ahs to be taken into account , even when compared to the manitoba case . 
  you try live in a social democratic country and say that . 
  people will leech if they can , be it sick leave , entitlements or whatnot . 
  if people gets used to getting a totally free lunch they 'll expect more . 
  you know what , it does not in high tax societies ( the only place it 'd work ) . 
  rather it breathes a lower confidence in the state , a bigger shadow sector et.al . 
  all this since people will want to save their money from people sitting on their asses what they `` enjoy '' . 
  when regulations on sick leave were very laxed here in hte 90s / early 2000s people started staing home more , not beacuase they were sick , rather just because someone else payed for it and they saw it as a right . 
  that is what you 'll get , people not doing anything and expecting other to pay . 
  not everyone can do what they `` enjoy '' , a country ca n't work that way . 
  wo n't be that much more moeny if everyone can leech at will . 
  you knwo , someone has to pay for that party . 
  so , what incentive will people have to work and develop a career ? 
  true , include body contact with strangers and/or standing too close to someone for scandinavia as well . 
  it is seen as rude and inappropriate . 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  did n't think about it when i wrote but i should have take an ` i ' out of ` piigs ' -  pigs . 
  lol , no amount of buzzwords or ` may ' will lift the ez . 
  the only piigs country relativly safe to return to for investors is italy , though this only due to investors and markets being used to it functioning in a ` unique ' way . 
  no it wo n't , there is far to much prestige in the current talk for both obama and rohani . 
  none of them can risk backing down due to natiaonal hardliners . 
  terrible article . 
  i hav n't seen those statistics , but i know that ther can be selection bias when gettingthe number ( what they ionclude and such ) . 
  this aint the case ? 
  you mean the libians ? 
  those were supposed to be taken in by italy though , the dublin ii regulations are quite clear . 
  this is n't really about that though , rather its about benifits et.al . 
  just like the current deate in germany - eastern europe wants to shuffle gypsies , low income poeple and such to the west us to to care/pay for them . 
  why should anyone but british politicians and the british public have a say about british migration policies ? 
  the eu , poland or what fucking ever should mind its own business . 
  thats nice for our border trade , carry on . 
  i really ca n't see how our government is that high on that list . 
  we do n't even discuss the stuff thats wrong in this country for christ sake ( ranging from school to defence ) . 
  not that any other of our parties would do a better job though . 
  ofc its not recovering , among other issues it still suffers from a very low level of fdi , a woefully inefficiant private sector , regulatory uncertanty due to the risk for snap elections after the ep election , golden dawn exiting parliament et.al . 
  i do n't get it , where do they see growth potential if you look at greece from a regional perspective ? 
  why would a company invest in greece when it can invest in say croatia or turkey . 
  no , you got seveal economic crisises ( housing bubble , leehman etc. ), 
  and at that missmanaged ez-economies that ended up in a massive market confidence faliure . 
  i did n't count the pirate party since it is a fringe party for lil boys . 
  i do n't agree that wanting controlls and regulation on immigratin is akain to racism or xhenofobia . 
  about the canadian model , that is the one that most countries want to go for , nothing odd about that . 
  so how are they `` often quite clearly racist '' ? 
  wanting to lower immigration is not being racist . 
  we appease dumb people in this country , that is and always have a been a problem . 
  he 's probably been here and meet people who agreed with him at all fucking times ( out of politeness ) and hence thinks he 's got a clue , even though he clearly does not . 
  yeah , they 're pretty much just wants to go for votes at this stage , like the stuff about allowing school events in churches a few weeks ago . 
  they never follow thorugh though , they just want the votes fo favour their terrible mix of social and neo-liberalism . 
  carl hamilton actually wanted us to join the euro just to give our $ $ to the south . 
  there is an old ariticle on newsmill he wrote , do note though that it is so dumb that you risk getting a heart attack reading it . 
  carl bildt is anothermatter ... a lot of the ranking diplomats hates his guts . 
  i have no confidence in thse poeple what so ever . 
  they do n't ask us since they 've idenitied a north-south dimension within the eu , hence they see it is as oblighed to spend our money on greek highways or spansih trainsystems , or similar bullshit . 
  otherwise we 're racist , un-solidaric or something , this is how they think . 
  well i 'd say that we 're here because of the fact that we have our own [ beltway ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/inside_the_beltway ) combined with both media and politicians who see themselfs as [ ` davos men ' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/davos_man#davos_man ) . 
  they 've basically they 've teamed up against the public in favour of some post - nation-state globalist bullshit . 
  for it to actually be expanded and to focus on the best of the european consumers , that is wwhat could gain some momentum for the eu . 
  and at that to have every country actually abide with it . 
  those or the bavarian cdu sister-party .
