  it is obvious that this is a just a decoy to distract the public from the corruption scandals . 
  also , them reef blocks has been there for 30 years right ? 
  if the spanish are dumb enough to be distracted by this , then they deserve such terrible political partys as they have . 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  blaming friday night wine : ), 
  do feel free to link me some info about the argentinian sucess-story in integrating religiolus muslims . 
  this since its the first time i 've heard of it . 
  as for our ability i 'd honestly say that , no we ca n't , since we do n't want to ( hence structural impediments ) . 
  edit : after regained indepenence from the russians they 've been quite successful in developing ever since . 
  of course its not going to be a caliphate . 
  that said , trying to integrate * religiolus * muslims is neih impossible , more so the futher north in europe you look . 
  as has been explained time and time again . 
  while our government likes the idea of migration a lot of us regular citizens ( me inluced ) do not like the immigration that has taken place . 
  why ? 
  because we as a people value conformity rather than differeces . 
  as a % of your population no you have not , try taking some iraqis or afghans from your wars . 
  also , the ones going to canada are to a great extent highly educated due to canadian immigration rules i.e. 
  moot comparisons . 
  try taking in a sizable and religious amount of muslim migrants in your country , then come back , 
   as much as / r/worldnews . 
  i always knew there was a place for me somewhere . 
  even though i do like the idea of crisis management that dos n't involve us special interests i do n't think entering syria would be a wise choise . 
  it will just serve to unite groups against the west . 
  remember that syria is a proxy war between iran and saudi-arabia adn that the syrian army is much better prepared than the libyan or mali counterpart . 
  no smugness . 
  i meant that the social norms in romania ( still quite more conservative than a lot of europe ) didnt follow modernization of intrastructure . 
  yes , they had shortages of both capital and financial capital , though noone who would invest after the fall of the regime , other than in a few cases . 
  this said there were also a shortage of `` knowhow '' when compared to the west , this though due to the party controlling education . 
  i 'm not saying that every single factory or product was inferior , but a substantial part was . 
  i mean the demand for capital investment was huge ( but ignored ) in the whole of the former warsaw pact . 
  i 'm aware of their inability to absorb funds , both cap as well as regional and structural funds . 
  i mean that has been a problem since the procedures for eu co-financing got more strict . 
  the greek applications are rejected on ont e grounds that they are n't up to standard a lot of times . 
  thing is though that these funds wo n't go through the same procedure as normally are required , as far as i 've understood . 
  rather they 'll be fast-tracked to greece ( that is exactly as alarming as it sounds ) . 
  ( my speculation ) it is likley a demo for eu transfers from the eu-budget ( rather than the ez-member countries ) to the perifiry . 
  it is absurd , but it has been in the making for quite a while . 
  i believe the suggestions inludes using eu-funds for unemployment schemes as well . 
  in regards to legality , it is sadly almost never an issue for the dominant eu countries and their policy makers . 
  it did grow alot , but like china during the early 2000 and parts of africa at present only because it was such a gap to catch up . 
  this said once the catch up is done corruption and backwards education and social systems do become a problem , this was the case for romania as well . 
  alot of those industires were closed down due to being part of a completely failed economic and social system . 
  i mean the interconnectedness of the massive warsaw-pact command industries meant that if one country did fall the others would follow suit , and they did , this due to demand being completely regulated from central authorities . 
  also , the antiquated products and capital pretty much ensured that they 'd close the day ceausescu got a lead shower . 
  when comparing western industries to eastern block it was many times painfully obvious that the domestic goods in countries such as romania would be seen as inferior goods . 
  this is more likely the main reason to a substantial part of them closing . 
  i 'd say something in the lines of [ this ] ( http://www.ekathimerini.com/4dcgi/_w_articles_wsite2_1_21/08/2013_514939 ) . 
  that 's right , eu-funds , rather than ez-funds will likely fuel the black hole henceforth . 
  as the arcile says the greek government is plaining to use eu-funds rather than to `` adopt revenue collecting measures '' i.e actually getting people to pay taxes . 
  are you implying that due to the state ownership system romania was a stabile and functioning state before these reforms ? 
  hint : it was n't . 
  so all in all this suggestion boils down to : complete debt forgivness , both private and public and ontop of that massive investment in a corrupt and dysfunctional state . 
  i 'm sure both the ez-tax payer and big europan banks would be lining up to participate in such a venture ... . greece has been showered with eu money for 30 years ( it ca n't even absorb those properly ) but is still an utter trainwreck . 
  more money wo n't help root out the problem . 
  [ hello !, 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_mco1d_ap3m ), 
  i do n't believe you will tbh . 
  i mean given the extent of gerrymandering and the post citizens united political scence i relly do n't belive you can change the country . 
  ys , and people speaking a form of english i really ca n't understand that well . 
  i aklways thoguh we in the north were the worst binge drinkers , i was wrong . 
  i ca n't see why 're touting statistics , as i said : `` as for the ` north ' i general the wage growth have been more or less flat and even negative during the pre crisis years , ** this for spain and italy as well . 
  ** '' our average wage is 35 800 sek , cba to sonvert it into $ . 
  cpi has nohing to do with the causes of the crisis , it is completely irrelevant . 
  the crisis did n't cause the southern institutions to fail , they were trainwrecks from the get go , hence the spending binge in some countries . 
  i mean just look at indexes like ti , wef and such , the rankings for spain , italy and greece have always been laughable at best . 
  they 're competing with african/south american nations rather than the rest of the eu ( romania and bulgaria excluded ) when we look at corruption and institutional conditions . 
  this is ( partly ) why they now have austerity , since noone trusts them to actually do what they 're supposed to , the so called moral hazard of letting them go is just far to high , this is not the fault of some evil northener but rather that of southern polticians . 
  great country in regards to music , also makes some of my favourite brands in luxuray cars . 
  also keith floyd , jeremy clarksson , gordon ramsey et.al . 
  brilliant personalities . 
  i also like the debate style they have in their parliament . 
  above said i 've visited some british friends a few times and going out `` clubbing '' in britain is different . . 
   as a percentage change , northern countries like sweden have experienced much bigger salary growth . 
  so , you 're paid too much . 
  thats simply a load of bollox , the real wage growth was 1.6 % between 1990-2013 here in sweden ( medlingsinstitutet ) . 
  as for the ` north ' i general the wage growth have been more or less flat and even negative during the pre crisis years , this for spain and italy as well . 
  a qucik look at erostat/ecb numbers totally refute you arguement . 
   then why is their economy stagnating ? 
  that should be fairly obvious , you might have heard about the euro crisis . 
  also , denmark wo n't be pushed into austerity because it has the institutional make up to actually reform and its not a prisoner of eurocrats . 
  i do n't think you fully understand what you 're on about tbh , you 're just parroting the leffist crap that usually fly around in places such as greece . 
  countries such as norway , denmark and sweden are seen as relative safe havens compared to the cluster fuck that is the southern euro area , this goes for britain as well , regardless of debt . 
  you know why ? 
  because the markets have confidence in our institutions , and in the case of sweden our banks are over capitalized and are n't full of toxic assets . 
  the markets trusts our institutional ability to handle our predicaments , as opposed to the institutions in the southern euro area that 'll just drag their feet and kick the can . 
  i mean look at italy , its government is bacially hostage to a single man ( berlusconi ) who can topple the gov. 
  at will . 
  also , look at spain and all the current corruption scandals , i mean god almighty its like a fucking banana republic . 
  with this in mind you wonder why we in the north do n't have to deal with austerity and absurd interest rates ? 
  are you kidding me ? 
  its obvious , the sotuh simply does not have functioning institutions and it is no use pretending otherwise . 
   except southern europeans work more than northern europeans , on average . 
  i am so sick of seeing this completely false and degrading meme repeated . 
  no , southern europeans do not work less than northern europeans -- they work more . 
  source : http://stats.oecd.org/index.aspx?datasetcode=anhrs that lil statistic does not take into account productivity , i.e its wothless . 
  also , it is based on figures from national statistics offices , such as the one in greece that forged statistics for about 10 years . . 
   when a southern country has high average salaries , it 's because they 're being paid too much . 
  yes , the euro broiught massive wage infaltion that wasnt matched by a suitable productivity increase i.e yes they are paid to much . 
   every university student in denmark gets more money for his stipend than his/her eastern and southern neighbors would get by actually working . 
  and that 's while their country is highly indebted and the economy is stagnating .
