  as far as i am concerned though people have all the right to have guns for hunting sports but normal people do n't need to have military weapons . 
  given politicians who run states ( such as jindal ) and ones elected to federal bodies ( such as bachmann ) it does have some truth to it . 
  these people makes the worst we have elected today in europ\u00e9 look like school children . 
  the rights to guns might be guaranteed by your constitution , but take for example the latest debate about background checks for gun ownership . 
  i mean to bar people who are nuts from having guns is rational , regardless to what your constiution says . 
  to say otherwise and simply refer to a several hundreds y/o document is preposterous . 
  in regards to crime a lot of european countries have the same problem with migrants commiting crimes . 
  this being said though the us has more deaths related to gun than the whole of the western world combined . 
  this is in part due to your gun policy . 
  that 's true , its not the whole of the us that is run by the bible brigade . 
  eastern and western costal states and others ( such as minnesota ) are normal by western standards . 
  though if we look at the heartland as well as bible and rust belts we get a different picture , in these places the `` culture war '' is still on in regards to questions such as abortion , creationism , voting rights ( ! ), 
  and prayer in schools . 
  besides the glenn beck retoric he does have a point though , about your `` guns and god '' culture as well as the republicans who are simply factually wrong in most of the stuff they say . 
  we elect them to represent us and safeguard national intrests . 
  the commission on the other hand is supposed to represent the eu . 
  our elites are all http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/davos_man#davos_man i.e they are thoroughly disconnected from our populations . 
  this goes especially for the parliament since it is a retirement home for old politicians . 
  screw the fucking euro , it is a * suboptimal * currency area . 
  it * can not * survive . 
  the focus should be on completing the inner market and trade with the us i.e. 
  something that benifits all eu-member states . 
  this bullshit is just kickng the can to save a stupid vanity project ( the euro ) that was doomed from the get go . 
  i mean 2013 is gon na be just like 2012 a year of slow / non existant growth simply beacause euro policy is a * `` one size fits none '' * policy . 
  ( sd ) - sweden democrats ( euro sceptics ) . 
  this due to our supposedly conservative party ( m ) representing the eu intrests rather than our national intrests in the eu parliament . 
  no , that is just a cop out to avoid responsibility . 
  inflationary policy is what got portugal , spain and greece to were they are now , not germany . 
  yes they did , the core fault in porutugal was expansionary policy in the late 90s that the government conducted due to falling intrest rates and high wage growth . 
  this instead of reigning in the deficit . 
  though you have a point in that portugal did enter the crisis earlier than most countries , this due to commodity prices and unit labour costs . 
  as for spain , yes it was wage growth ( no productivity growth ) combined with a overinfalted property market and leanding industry that was the downfall . 
  as for greece , it is in a league of its own . 
  kinda : * how to not run a country 101 . 
  are you saying that portugese expansionary policy and their failure to match huge wage growth with productivity growth ( the cause of your crisis ) is the fault of germany ? 
  thats a load of shit . 
  nice , a balkan thread . 
  i did n't think they existed here on reddit . 
  i 'd love to see market reactions to that kind of narrow minded idealism . 
  i mean lets say that the south did ditch the euro in a sort of protest move , what do you think the markets would say when said countries would like to borrow again ? 
  they would n't get to borrow shit . 
  this is exacly what greeks should do , to cut out the middle men in order to kill the caretels that control major supermarkets ( such as spar ) . 
  i mean bar soome products it is as expensive to shop in a greek supermarket as it is in northern europ\u00e9 , it should n't be . 
  as a state i doubt it will survive withtout nato and the eu . 
  there is no way a state composed of three religios groups who each have a separate constitution and at that hates each other will survive on its own . 
  sweden : - pre school one year - nine years primary school cons : it is in absolute shambles after numerous failed reforms and political dirigisme in what is taught . 
  it has no god damn merits at all . 
  - three years gymnasium pros : students can choose their school and programme cons : some programmes wo n't lead to a job . 
  - university pro : free and based on merits . 
  cons : as with the gymnasium programmes some university programems wo n't get students a job . 
  our ( swedish ) black sector used to be quite large in construction and home services until some reforms six years ago that made above services affordable to the common man . 
  that is probably true . 
  i do however think that labour wo n't be able to get away with it this time since a lot of domestic issues will be rolled into the referendum . 
  this is always the case in eu elections/referendums . 
  you do make a very good point , though when push comes to shove i 'm not that sure ukip will be able to siphon votes due to both public sceptisiscm and their lack of real facts in regards to britains relations to the rest of the eu . 
  there will always of course be protest votes from both and nationalists and labour voters with low education . 
  any merit that might have had probably disappeared with the iraq war . 
  it was expected that a call for a vote would come soner or later , in that perspective it was not something new . 
  besides the rather eloquent farage i doubt that ukip can be seen as a big threat to the conservatives , not more than his own sceptics anyway . 
  well you know anti-referendum will likely be percived as pro-eu by the electorate , hence labour will likely be seen as pro-eu . 
  agreed , germany needs britain as a counter balance to a eu that without britain would become dominated by southern intrests that would resist any change towards research and innovation . 
  yes , protectionism . 
  we can see what outsourcing has done in the us and it is not a pretty sight . 
  this since a `` service economy '' wo n't work outside major cities . 
  cameron did n't really say anything that was n't already known in that speech . 
  though it was a very clever way for cameron to make the milliband brothers seem even more out of touch with the common man by forcing them into the pro-eu corner . 
  as for merkels invitation it is likely both a because of the cooler franco-german realations afters zarkos departure as well as because of the fact that german and britain have a lot of common positions . 
  it is a way for germany to balance two of the principal powers in europ\u00e9 . 
  i never stated that . 
  they do however want to reform the cap , just like britain . 
  they grow the stuff simply because it gives the most subsidies , then they are forbidden to sell it in europe . 
  the greek could start by doing stuff that makes sence and at that actually absoring the funds given to them in a efficiant manner . 
  yeah , europ\u00e9 is capable if we wan na get stuff done , though there are vested intrests that will have to go ; i 'm looking at you countries that sees the eu as a cash cow for groups of voters ( you know who you are ) . 
  i agree , some british common sence is needed , britain do make for good representative for us in the perifiry . 
  yeah , less focus on the f-ing euro ( since it fucks up just about everything ) and more focus on the the inner market , communications and research , this could make europ\u00e9 a power to recon with . 
  yeah , they do a lot of stuff the right way , their health system and the tgv system being a good examples . 
  the current reform is not enough . 
  farmers can still get payed for growing stupid stuff , greek tobaco farmers comes to mind . 
  sadly it wo n't be possible to cancel it completely , we ca n't make more people in europ\u00e9 unemployed . 
  though we should make the cap more efficient by supporting enivomentally firendly farming only and by limiting the scope of subsidies . 
  though a lot of the cap , cultural and some of the structural funds should be turned towards research . 
  i do think there is need for french influence , in order to counter exessive american influence in europ\u00e9 . 
  it is not that odd really . 
  germany wants to enforce more rigorus budget rules and re-focus the eu funds towards research and innovation , rahter than subsidies to farmers and whatnot . 
  in regards to this britain is the natural ally rahter than france . 
  it could be a soulution to create a sort of dis-incentive for companies to move , to make them pay for the public goods they 've used . 
  though i 'd prefer to stop companies that are profitable to move outside the eu . 
  they do have social responsibility and if they 're making a profit the country they are loacated in is more important than their share holders , they 'll just have to be satisfied with the profit they are making . 
  i agree it would have to be done within the framework of the eu and countries with agreements with the eu ( balkans at.al ) . 
  laws against outscourcing should at least be discussed , we ca n't go on and administer our own doom by facilitating outscourcing to asia . 
  the state needs to rein in companies for the good of the western world . 
  im not so sure about that dramatic term . 
  what does exist though is anger that the two latest chancellors ( schr\u00f6der and merkel ) effectively stopped the practice of cheekbook diplomacy i.e the south ca n't get anymore money by mentioning the war ( s ) . 
  i 've never understood the hate for thatcher . 
  i mean she took office in a country that was more or less under the guardianship of the imf due to having been run by incompetents , she did manage to turn the country around . 
  that as well , though his key failure was the final repeal of glass-steagall . 
  as for sweden it has social stigma . 
  these kind of activities ; to change weels , put in speakers , make the car lower , paint the windows black ( ? ), 
  and such are to a great extent restricted to the lower classes and immigrants . 
  to blame thatcher is unfair .
