  also , italy has functioned without rational governance earlier , after the scandals in the early 90s . 
  in all fairness it is mostly germany that has been paying and conducting : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/checkbook_diplomacy they 've paid for basically everything spain , greece and cyprus has accomplished during the last 20-30 years through both cap and the regional as well as structural funds ( for cohesion ) . 
  why you ask ? 
  as fas as i can tell because of guilt . 
  though the cheekbook diplomacy ended with the last german chancellor , this is in reality what the south ca n't stand , that germany is n't their paying bitch anymore . 
  no , they 've looked to western / northern europ\u00e9 for money , that is all there is to it . 
  now though when the funds ar n't flowing anymore they throw temper tantrums like small children , refusing to change their ways ( greece , cyprus ) . 
  we ( sweden ) wo n't join due a referendum were joining the euro was rejected . 
  thank god for that !, 
  they do n't . 
  birth rates in southern europ\u00e9 are much lower . 
  households being larger in spain and italy ? 
  two of the countries with the among the lowest birth rates in the whole western world . 
  who are you trying to fool ? 
  so who the fuck is gon na pay for cyprus then ? 
  the rest of europ\u00e9 ? 
  i do hope they 'll have to suck it up and pay , rather than leaching from the rest of us . 
  the circumstances were quite different in the case of post wwii germany . 
  this since the allies both wanted to keep the western part of germany in the western fold as well as to prevent both the soviets and even more german revanchism . 
  i ca n't agree that the problems are the same , the bank bubbles in spain and ireland , the debt crisis in greece and portugal as well as the stagnating italian economy ( and soon to be the frensh ) are all casued by domestic policies . 
  i doubt anything will be done with the terms , i mean the moral hazzard is just far to great and the public in northern euro zone contries will not accept to hand over their money . 
  when a small county like finland is told that it might have to pay for a huge disaster such as spain i can get that they 're pissed . 
  this especially since the south has been living of regional funds and cap since the 80-s and still ca n't manage to reform . 
  of course they should pay but we both know that they are conneted to the corrupt politicians ( the all are ) that it wo n't ever happen . 
  also greek ship owners are exempt from taxes in your constitution . . you do n't need to liberalise every sector and i agree that doing it to trains services is a bad idea , though that being said no one will buy trainose anyway . 
  but as an example ; a greek laywer living in athens ca n't take custormers living in thessaloniki due to regional guilds and that is absured since it means higher prices for the consumer and is a breach of eu common market statues . 
  it is the same in a lot of sectors , both taxis and the damn truck drivers comes to mind , in total i think it is 90 sectors . 
  i mean almost everything in greece is as expensive as in northern europ\u00e9 due to cartels ( food stores ) , guilds ( transport ) and the unions ( fakilaki ) . 
  of couse they are corrupt i take that for granted ( wich is why i did n't mention it ) . 
  the rest of europ\u00e9 simply does not trust greek politicians which is partly why the troika is there so often . 
  i mean the politicians have yet to close a single major del in privatizations and they are supposed to raise 50 billions from it . 
  on top of that the state do n't even know what / how much land it owns since there is no land register . . now i got ta get some sleep , 
  there is no alternative though , without the memorandum and the loans greece would have been bankrupt late may/june 2010 . 
  what would the altrenative be ? 
  to simply give greece money ? 
  this would break the european union in two parts if one part was to pay for the failings of the other part . 
  in the case of greece the current situation is the fault of the major unions , these have made sure through the stikes every week ( i 've lived in athens ) that the only option the gov. 
  have is to slash wages rather than to fire civil servants . 
  also the unions have all but stopped every attempt to liberalise the closed professions , i mean you ca n't have mideval like regional guilds in the 21st century . 
  this is also why the crisis is so severe and difficult to handle in greece compared to ireland and portugal . 
  to reform in greece is nearly impossible , even if the politicians to take a decision they wo n't implement it . 
  those russian mobsters deserves to have their money confiscated . 
  though to the point ; do you honestly believe that germany is to blame for the failings of the woefully inefficient and dysfunctional greek state ? 
  you 'd have to be completely dellusional to blame germany for rampant tax evasion , corruption and a non existant civil society in greece . 
  i think in the present debate about greece there is a tendency to ascribe greece a victim role that really does n't tell the whole story . 
  though at the same time of course my side can demonize greece to a far too great extent . 
  i agree that greece is far from alone in holding the eu hostage , or to push for disasterious decisions , france and the accession of romania and bulgaria comes to mind . 
  my point is simlply that greece is far from being a innocent prey in eu affairs , rather it can be the predator as well . 
  in sweden its `` blatte '' - more or less the same thing as the french `` racaille '' - obnoxious immigrant youth without manners , who dress in the same way , who ca n't speak properly and who are in general a burden to society and are actively socially stigmatising themselves . 
  that is some clever marketing . 
  i understand it fells odd to educate yourself about something outside murica . 
  nah , that was 25 years ago . 
  and again , the birther movement in the republican party is far more racist than anything that comes out of sd . 
  also , i refer you again to loise ghomert and his `` terror babies '' , or we could take the '' [ legitimate rape '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/todd_akin ) guy who almost got re-elected , or perhaps the idiot serving on your congress committee on science and technology who called science [ `` lies from straight from the pit of hell '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paul_broun ) . 
  to sum up we ca n't compete with these idiots even if we tried . 
  yeah , greece did not accept the eastern enlargement unless cyprus was included . 
  should we compare teh sd platform on immigration with random republicans ' view on ` immigration reform ' our `` racist party '' would come across as socialists in comparison . 
  that was just a minor selection of the idiots you people elect and / or admire . 
  i could make a more scary list of republicans holding office today , such as [ louie gohmert ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/louie_gohmert ) . 
  ad no , our idiots ca n't even begin to match yours . 
  in europe the hungarian fascists * might * be able to match tea party representatives . 
  this deserves to be highlighted much more . 
  greece has a habit of holding the eu hostage . 
  they did the same thing during the eastern enlargement to get cyprus in . 
  having to deal with rush limbaugh , sarah palin , rick santorum , michelle bachmann , ann coulter and glenn beck is just so much better . 
  we are all jealous . 
  bj\u00f6rn borg at the wimbledon , [ especially the 1980 wimbledon ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yf0yfefvmhe ) . 
  there is still a confusion of terms . 
  these are to a large extent economic migrants . 
  fortress europ\u00e9 is looking better by the day . 
  no , we 're not . 
  the present day ideas are soley about bilateral cooperation . 
  to join nato is of the table . 
  this is one of the few times i have to be on the russian side . 
  at least they 're trying to bring some fucking order to the region , rather than supporting this supposed `` democratic '' opposition i.e. 
  islamists . 
  i hope the russians will bring some fucking order to that hellhole . 
  what has the arab spring gotten us but a tidal wave of `` refugees '' and isis ? 
  it has been a complete faliure . 
  the greek politicians are not a part of the problem , they are the basis of the problem and has been so at this lvels since at least the governments of andreas papandreou , but going back way further still greece has been a clientelist society since ottoman times . 
  hence , responsibility is not `` equal '' between greek politcians / insitutions and on the other hand modern day companies . 
  to argue in that manner is to shift blame onto a external party . 
  i think you are . 
  corruption is greece is not something created by `` both sides '' . 
  it is greek politicians and civil servants praying like vultures on everthing from public procurement contracts to everyday services , via fakilakis , for own gains . 
  regarding public procurement , the companies who come to greece knows that if they wo n't bribe the officials there will simply be no deals , hence given the local rules they must join in or lose contracts . 
  hence , while they are participating in corruption they are not the ones creating the demand . 
  rather , given the insitutional traditions and norms as well as standard operating procedures in greek authorities the demand eminates from within the institutions . 
  to focus on someone/something foreign , greeks are often trying to pass the buck regarding corruption , to lay the blame on someone non-greek . 
  [ the culture was there from the outset though ] ( http://blog.transparency.org/2012/06/06/greece-corruption-and-the-crisis/ ) . 
  yes , greek officials are more corrupt than officials in most other eu-states . 
  you 'd have to be completely out of the loop not to know this . 
  there are tons of reports , from organizations such as [ ti ] ( http://blog.transparency.org/2012/06/06/greece-corruption-and-the-crisis/ ) . 
  over all greek politicians who 've accepted bribes are not in jail , they catched a selected few high profile ones like a fmr . 
  defence minister , but that was a on of more or less . 
  they are , these companies are only following the local greek rules of the game . 
  there is a demand from somwhere , which is and always has been the greek politicians . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.tino.us/2015/05/silent-majority-58-procent-anser-att-invandring-ar-for-stor/ ) and [ this ] ( http://www.tino.us/2015/03/attityder-till-invandring-i-opinionsundersokningar/ ) are two good posts . 
  yes , you are delusional if you think that it is fine for a country of about 9,5 million to take about 19 % of the total amount of `` refugees '' to eu-28 , since this incurs huge costs and social tentions . 
  furthermore , your personal musings about living next to a mosques are irrelevant .
