  though as for ronnie raygun and clinton , these two are responsible due to liberalization of key laws in the us . 
  true , even though it is absolutely ridiculous . 
  given the partys over-representation in regards to sympaties among journalists it is sadly to be expected . 
  no , it is done both to whitewash the fact that they 're in the country illegally and to accomodate the enviromentalist party ( mp ) . 
  they do n't care , this is just smoke and mirrors to shift focus to germany rather than incompetent greek politicians . 
  i do think this crap was initiated by that idiot party leader panos papasomething of `` independent greeks '' a nationalist party that 'd probably blame germany if it rained too much in athens . 
  seing as i proud myself being a sexist man i do support nudism , as long as it is limited to fit women age 18-35 . 
  as for helmut age 45 who 've had faar to many sausages and beer , not so much . 
  honstely though , its fine as long as it is on an island or properly marked beaches away from the public . 
  true . 
  i do think however that there is a tendency in those kinda polls to vote in favour of copenhagen in order to vote against the `` elite '' in sthlm . 
  intresting , though it is not representative of the population as a whole . 
  sadly i ca n't seem to find a scientific poll . 
  yes , they 'll blend in fine in our county . 
  though we would have to put restrictions on both oompa music and the german tendency to embrace nudism . 
  this for the greater good of society . 
  intresting . 
  though i would n't look at those polls too much , this seing as aftonbladet is read mostly by dumb segments of the population who wants to read gossip and stuff . 
  they probably vote accordingly . 
  no , we 're far too provincial to ever agree about someting like that . 
  you can come here to stockholm if you wan na get mugged and pay far too much for pretty much everything . 
  rather , go to copenhagen and have some beers and chill . 
  only if we get our parts of germany back !, 
  ( 1648 peace ) . 
  not really , greece is signatory to this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/agreement_on_german_external_debts, 
  oh come on now!no more checkbook diplomacy . 
  the south has been showered with regional and structural funds as well as cap through all of their time in the eu . 
  all this has accomplished is to give a false sence of that their countries actually works and at that made them even more corrupt . 
  what could throwing even more money at them possibly accomplish ? 
  i mean just look at spain as an example , there is an absurd amount of white elephants already ; airports , high speed rail , highways , harbours and whatever , a lot if it is not being used . 
  i agree , though as for economic model it has to make a choise , it ca n't kick the can for much longer . 
  this could be done through continued updating of the norms that rules the dirigisme , it should make for subtile enough change to avoid major cock blocks . 
  i can think of three reasons ; 1 . 
  if incrased centralised rule ( i.e french and german rule ) were to replace the subsidiarity as a general principle in eu law we should exit asap . 
  a union wide banking union ; permanent transfer union , should prompt us to leave . 
  being forced to adpot the euro should also prompt us to leave . 
  yeah , i read about the commission . 
  in reality it is time for france to choose , either it can belong to the north and actually do what it is supposed or it can join the south and protest everything and anything . 
  france should belong to the north since it does have functioning laws and government , its not too corrupt , it has well established brands , social cohesion and a function civil society . 
  this as opposed to some southern countries . 
  france has n't faced up to its problems during the last 30 years and wo n't now either . 
  sarkozy tried some modest reforms but even those proved far to much as i understand it . 
  we ca n't get ralph lauren clothes without being totally fucked by some god damn store . 
  the cloths are like 200 % more expensive compared to say macys in ny . 
  its pissing me of just thinking about it . 
  why conduct street patrolling ( what the public wants ) when you can make yourself even more impopular ... 
  yeah , you only have to read the bizzare opinion columns and comments at ekathmerini english version to understand that they 're completely of the rails . 
  when i lived in greece a few years ago , ( in the begining of the crisis ) it was common knowledge then already that journalists worked for ministries during the mornings producing press releases and such and during afternoons worked at the greek dailys covering those ministries ... 
  since i 've lived in greece i do feel for ordinary greeks who 've been fucked by their political class and three political families for the last 40 years . 
  though that being said the country needs drastic change in societal norms in regards to corruption , tax avoidance , red tape and clientelism . 
  also , greece have to leave the euro in order to regain competitiveness in tourism . 
  i ca n't think of anything more likely to ignite that region than turkish medling . 
  just how close are the catalan to break away really ? 
  it is hard for us non spanish speakers to get a sense due to there not being enough news outlets in english . 
  as far as i 've understood catalonia is subsidising other regions while suffering from austerity itself ? 
  if you are refering to mercosur i doubt that the cooperation will develop as far as the eu . 
  this because of both persistant protectionism and remaining national rivalries ( such as argentiva vs. chile ) . 
  in regards to cooperation with the eu there are sadly some hefty trade barriers in place to keep that from happening . 
  still wo n't fix falling competitiveness in the long run though . 
  so slapping a 70 % - ish tax on stuff seems to be the hollande answer to fix france . 
  oh wait , it wo n't . 
  you think france is gon na abandon germany in favour of you broke lot ? 
  also i dare say that the northen italians would mind , i mean they identify much more with the likes of swiss and austrians than the south . 
  `` give me more money or i 'll accuse germany of something ! '', 
  i do n't agree . 
  what it did was to `` set the tone '' in regards to what you can get away with within the framwork of the euro . 
  i mean look at spain it really dos n't give a s ** t about the tagets it is supposed to accomplish . 
  the same goes for france in regards to the stability pact . 
  also , the less developed countries will continue to be uncompetitive tourism economies . 
  in essance what you got in the euro zone is a kinda king ( germany ) and queen ( france ) who really dictates policy for the rest . 
  no we do n't , our exposure to the rest of the eu is limited . 
  really , they do ? 
  do please remind me how the `` stability pact '' is enforced ? 
  it has aleady been broken . 
  also the first ones to break the criterias regarding policy within the ez were germany and france , did anyone enforce the rules ? 
  aditionally with about 80 % of our population against the euro i can safely say that we would , rather than to join . 
  it would be political suicide in this country to implement the euro and therefore no one will . 
  furthermore we 're not that exposed to the rest of the eu so we 'd be fairly fine . 
  not international , eu treaties possibly could though . 
  that being said the day the eu starts to enforce penalties against major countries infrigements of various eu treaties you can get back to me . 
  also , that 'd only result in us leaving the eu . 
  in reality there is nothing the eu can do but to point to useless agreements that no one cares about when push comes to shove . 
  thanks but no . 
  why would we choose the worst possible option and join the euro ? 
  a currency that 's goin down the drain . 
  this would mean that our policies would be set by you lot and the french . 
  that 'd be a disaster . 
  neither romania nor bulgaria should not have been allowed to join the eu in the first place . 
  it was a stupid play by the french who thought they 'd win support votes in the council of ministers . 
  in regards to romania , tbh the rest of us do n't want their gypsies to come to our countries and steal everything that is n't nailed down . 
  as for bulgaria it is simply a maffia state . 
  true and in the end a lot of countries has lost competitiveness in part du to the euro . 
  the primary concern though is really the straight jacket in regards to monetary policy that comes with the euro . 
  it really is one size ( the euro ) fits none at this point . 
  the tourism economies of the south such as greece can no longer compete against turkey and et.al . 
  what italy has to do is to further reform its labour market . 
  just as is the case in of many sothern countries to high rigidity in the labour market causes high and static unemplyment for youths . 
  the taxes though are something that italy needs to get used to , or it will have to lower the expected standard of living . 
  out of the countries currently affected by the crisis i 'd say that italy is in the best shape to make it out . 
  i mean you have strong brands , industries across the country and industrious parts that can pull the country for some time .
