  straight out that the present greek problems are not caused by the creditors , but rather by greek politicians , and that we 're entering the final leg of this . 
  man , tusk is going at it . 
  true that it is tailored for the home audience . 
  ca n't say that he is a good rhetorician . 
  he has addressed more or less nothing of the valid critique . 
  and , again goes on about debt restructuring and germany & wwii ... 
  germany serves as a good contrast as to why greece ca n't have the same policy . 
  they do n't have the us troops to hide behind regarding security , as opposed to germany . 
  cheers , quite the looker !, 
  who is teh chick behind this current speaker ? 
  cheers !, 
  that would be the one , cheers . 
  did n't know those screwballs still existed . 
  hahaha , who was that guy calling for a dictatorship ? 
  cheers !, 
  found the bbc one . 
  tsipras is getting rekt . 
  btw anyone else having trouble with the stream ? 
  it really shows that the greek government is still playing games , and astonishingly enough believe themself having `` won '' . 
   it is exactly the same thing , just different countries . 
  how is it exactly the same thing ? 
  as far as i know there as been no modern versailles treaty , if there is no risk of a war and greece ai n't having hyper inflation . 
  this historical hyperbole has to stop . 
  that 'd require just the ez members and ecb to meet . 
  going by what was said yesterday a full eu-28 meeting would be about how to via eu funds mitigate the short term consequences of a grexit . 
  seeing junker literately banging the table when talking about the greek government , as he just did in the briefing , and tusk stating that a worse case scenario is possible , * and * seeing as the whole eu 28 is to meet at sunday its pretty much a done deal that a grexit is in teh making . 
  well they are about to have their lungs removed , as they have voted for . 
  [ no increase in ela ] ( https://www.ecb.europa.eu/press/pr/date/2015/html/pr150706.en.html ) . 
  seems reality will catch up with greece soon . 
  the loans were used to pay of greek loans made at these banks , not to prop up the banks themselves . 
  germany has not received several bailout packages , in fact it has revived none , it can also pay for its own welfare state . 
  also , the loans were used to pay of greek loans to these banks , not to prop up the banks themselves . 
   meeting their international payments ca n't you read your own quote ? 
  bailouts are not there to support welfare spending , but rather to make states meet their international obligations . 
  this goes for the ecb part as well btw , as the ecb ai n't allowed to conduct monetary financing of states . 
  are you suggesting that the germans sack their chancellor due to greeks voting no for an expired bailout offer ? 
  are you completely insane ? 
  this article is a load of letift crap . 
   second , 90 % of the bailout money was spent on bailing out the banks , not on greek spending . 
  bailouts ** are n't ** supposed to support spending that a country ca n't afford . 
   22:28 ecb : no expansion of the current liquidity fund for greek banks . 
  the fun is already starting !, 
  do n't come complaining about the hangover :d, 
  yeah , draghi ca n't for example keep failing banks alive via the ela , that forbidden via the rules . 
  how about that rule ? 
  you think you 're gon na be able to use an atm tomorrow ? 
  think again . 
  oh really , well do read this then ;  over in berlin , politicians are watching events unfold in athens and wondering where the eurozone goes next . 
   german economy minister sigmar gabriel told the tagesspiegel newspaper that this no vote makes it hard to imagine talks on a new bailout programme with greece . 
   and he accused alexis tsipras of having `` torn down the last bridges '' which could have led to a compromise :  i 've taken the quotes from reuters :  `` with the rejection of the rules of the euro zone ... negotiations about a programme worth billions are barely conceivable , ...  tsipras and his government are leading the greek people on a path of bitter abandonment and hopelessness . '' source ; http://www.theguardian.com/business/live/2015/jul/05/greeces-eurozone-future-in-the-balance-as-referendum-gets-under-way--eu-euro-bailout-live#block-559981b0e4b032a39a3ba907 now go have fun with your no . 
  i do n't think greece can be compared to iceland . 
  iceland was a small economy geared towards certain sectors . 
  greek banks will no doubt go under , but in general the risk for contagion is small at this point in time . 
  why would it move from the eurogroup ? 
  do n't you people realize that any deal have to pass though several parliaments et.al . 
  you ai n't gettin a `` political solution '' , and there has never been any scope for this . 
  yes they can throw you out . 
  this simply by not giving you cash or not renewing the ela . 
  greece has a debt payment to the ecb july 20th . 
  if this ai n't paid greece will default to the ecb as well . 
  you can not `` vote for change '' in forcing other state to give in to your demands . 
  it is absurd to believe something like that . 
  we sure are !, 
  i 'm dying to see how draghi will handle the ela . . 
  its simply not the same thing as the us , its a moot point of comparison . 
  also interest rates have been diverging within the ez since the onset of the crisis . 
  as for ez integrity , i 'd argue that it will strengthen it in the long run , as it now will be clear that it ca n't be ransomed by rogue members . 
  it 'll act as a whip in a sense . 
  nope , markets have hedged against grexit , as last week showed . 
  rather giving in to syriza demands would have the effect of putting ez leadership into question . 
  while the ez can handle a grexit it ca n't handle a spanish exit regarding costs . 
  giving in to greece will mean that podemos and the other new spanish party will have a good ground ahead of the spanish election . 
  the present spanish gov. 
  wo n't allow this , neither will the portuguese , as it will undermine its position . 
  grexit will happen , its only a manner of how / how long at the moment . 
  just read what junker , merkel et.al . 
  have said during the last week . 
  as late as today one ez ms-minister stated that a no equals grexit . 
  you seem to live in a fairy land . 
  their banks are going bust . 
  not renewing the ela , and creditors not budging regarding demands for a deal will have the effect of forcing the greek government to issue iou : s , and after that a parallel currency . 
  this will happen , and in effect force greece from the ez . 
  it most certainly will . 
  the lenders have been clear ever since the outset . 
  eu-states are looked at individually in regards to fdi and always has been . 
  greece being thrown out of the ez wo n't affect anything . 
  no they 're not fucked . 
  they been clear all week that a no means a grexit . 
  this is bye bye for greece . 
   i dont know why eu ca n't help on this part of tax evasion , since it seems it is solved to all other eu nations , why dont you help us as well ? 
  you 'll have to google translate the article i 'm linking about one of our experts that was sent to do just that . 
  rest assured you 've gotten help with tax collection , its just that greek governments really dos n't want help , they expect things to return to how it was before the crisis . 
  article ( in swedish ) : http://www.dn.se/nyheter/forre-skattechefen-domer-ut-grekiska-skatteverket/, 
  its interesting that some greeks seemingly do n't even understand what they 're voting about . 
  you 've never voted to `` end austerity '' , there is no alternative of milk and honey . 
  you will have austerity regardless of what you vote . 
  this is how the world works , no one gets things for free . 
  greece does n't have a `` humanitarian disaster , it is richer than every country in its neighbourhood and large parts of central europe . 
  you can not vote to dictate that other states should give you money . 
  neither can you expect to have others pay for your welfare state .
