  its not even psossible to formulate a pan-eurozone policy that will create growth outside the well functioning states . 
  its all about public perception imo , fides is likely still seen as the liberator . 
  but it kinda is a combination of your point 2 and 3 , ineffective sanctions and national policies trumphing eu needs , for small countries such as my own , t we ca n't do shit , since we do n't have the weight to actually inlfuence events . 
  but for what is to be the european leader to act as it has is scary . 
  this since it does show how weak europe is , and that in the end there is no european unity when natioanl interests of leading satates are in danger . 
  i 'm not asking them to send leopard tanks towards the east , but some meaningful action would be nice , such as actual sanctions . 
  talk about internatioanl law and such is useless , since , well , russia dos n't care . 
  ofc , inculusion of the old guard was central aspect in many of the transitions . 
  this said the public respoences have varied across national contexts . 
  while inclusion may have worked fine-ish in some cases it cetanly has not in the case of hungary . 
  thats my point , he wins elections due to the left being full to the brim of old communists i.e. 
  the old guard . 
  it has created distrust that radicals will take advantage of . 
  i mean fidez is not a radical party in itself , but orban has managed to highjack and kinda surfs a wave of success due to public distrust of the old guard . 
  hungary is where it is simply because the `` old guard '' adn those around them are still involved in politics . 
  it has created a climate of distrust in the political system , that radicals can take advantage of . 
  thats a load of naive crap . 
  nationalist tentions in the whole god damn region has been on the rise for quite some time . 
  you also might wan na do some reading about shinzo abe , his party , policies and the huge homegrown japanese defence industry that is already modernizing and increasing the national capability . 
  you think that the biggest european economy , and the biggest in terms population size can run away and hide when a competing regional super-power is trying to expand its sphere of infleucne ? 
  of course it impacts whe whole fucking eu when any possible action will be dependent on berlin . 
  god almighty this should be obvious to anyone alive . 
  such un-american behaviour . 
  they wo n't . 
  obama ca n't even argue in favour of increased military pressance in europe due to the domestic opinion , he certanly can not argue in favour of a military intervention against russian agression . 
  this especially due to the russian doctrine v.s. 
  nato . 
  you think our weak government , that is n't even interested in defending our own country would lift a finger in the baltics ? 
  now that is truley a silly statement . 
  also , who 'd stop them ? 
  nato wo n't lift a finger . 
  not that i want turkey in the eu , though you 're gon na be a new iran if you follow the reform path of erdogan for another ten years . 
  is n't now a good time to open negotiations with serbia ? 
  that 'd block any actions against russia forever , and give bulgaria some company . 
  we ca n't do shit . 
  above mentioned countries however does have the weight required . 
  this should be obvious, 
  react ? 
  with german energy supply and british banks on the line i 'd wager it 'll be another list of names with ineffectual travel bans , perhaps on the whole russian duma . 
  you really think that this particular law has less legitimacy regarding state intervention because it involves a person ? 
  rather its the other way around , it incerases the need for state intervention in the liberties of parents . 
  vaccination programems are a part of the `` freedom from want '' . 
  i 'm calling you stupid since your thoughts are so underdeveloped . 
  you 're like some wierd mixture of a paul-bot and a rand fanboy . 
  your only concept seems to be `` gubmit r bad bat fredom r gud '' . 
  there is no simply no society that been built on libertairan bullshit . 
  your narrowminded `` libertarian '' view of society atucally works is kinda absurd . 
  yes , government regulates everything from air trafic to food contents . 
  having motorway speed limits as an example it not some slippery slope to a north korean dystopia , neither is vaccinations , which has been around for almost 100 years . 
  you have to be an american , there is no other way you 'd use there ass-backwards slippery slope dumb guy agruments . 
  i mean there is a limit to how gulliable you can get regarding the idividual vs society . 
  such an absurd argument . 
  you 're just trying to muddify thye issue . 
  you should very well know that there is an extreme difference between eating candy and possibly contracting measels or even polio . 
  thts not the same as to willfully directly endanger someone without them being able to do prevent it . 
  education wo n't help since we 're mostly dealing with extremists set in their ways . 
  the parental fredom of choice is , as the title implies , not above childrens right to life . 
  thats not how society works . 
  society regulates behaviours that could be dangeruous innocent individuals , this is a basic function of the modern western state . 
  you 're just spouting american redneck ignorance . 
  are you dumb or something ? 
  its to protect kids against dumb parents who believe in insane anti-vaccination crap . 
  clerarly to prefer over nuclear power ... 
  and the alternative to austerity would have been what exactly ? 
  not completely ofc , spain went through the same historical periods as western europ\u00e9 in general . 
  this said , there 's always been a physical border between the peninsula that is reflected in governance , values et al. 
  also values in governence in general , and the role of police military and church v.s. 
  the role of the idividual , values that til today are different . 
  just look at the new abortion law suggestion as an example . 
  in terms of values and governence , no absolutely not , both the dictatorship and earlier isolation beyond that kinda left it in limbo . 
  that 's the man i 'm voting for . 
  there is no alternative . 
  btw that interview was made 2011 , hardly new . 
  i agree with you on everything . 
  this said , the game has changed radically now . 
  what the eu needs to do is to secure the country inside the western spehere , just as it did with spain and greece in the 80s . 
  in essance it is less of instiatutional issues and more of geo-political facts that should play in at the present . 
  but think of the havoc we 'd cause on both the russians , canadians and americans . 
  also , there 'd be great general synnergy effects . 
  yeah , that is a part of the national character , to endure and learn . 
  the learning part is something we should adapt . 
  just fast track it into the eu . 
  given the current situation it should n't be that difficult . 
  you know there is a way for you to get in on this ` winning ' , 
  i 'd say it has less to do with neutrality and more to do with independence as a matter of national principle . 
  we wo n't join nato , period . 
  there is no way anyone 'd suggest that seriously during an election year . 
  though hopefully these liberal fuck ups will get of their asses and increase military spending . 
  i hate these muslim filth as much as the next person . 
  this said , the russians have much bigger problems , since they actually native muslim populations . 
  we 'll see how much how he `` achieves '' when the russian economy goes down the drain . 
  understandable ? 
  well , we see now were that tactic has gotten europ\u00e9 , relying on russia has turned out just fine , has n't it ? 
  how 's those energy reforms working out for you ? 
  lol . 
  awww , is it becoming embarrassing ? 
  true that , the french will resist until judgement day . 
  no its not , its simply regional politics , the eu have had the `` wine lakes '' and such since the 80s . 
  its not going nearly fast enough . 
  we ca n't forever spend close to 50 % of the whole god damned eu budget on farming just beause its tradition .
