  so germans and austrians , why are you trying to be special snowflakes ? 
  - no waist pack - practice a british accent - no flip flops with socks - no overzied jeans and shirts ( or those jeans that ends just below your knee ) - do n't call people `` dude '' - throughout most of europ\u00e9 we have normal portion sizes i.e half of what you 're used to - almost everything is more expensive than what you 're used to , you might as well expect it now without a shocked look - read up on local customs : http://www.ediplomat.com/np/cultural_etiquette/cultural_etiquette.htm, 
  iceland, 
  us `` exceptionalism '' died in the early 1970s . 
  you americans should have gotten used to it by now . 
  you have neither the freedom nor social mobility of most european countries . 
  he 's just an alibi for the paper in questions view ( a very common american vew ) . 
  the nyt needs to adress the us imperial like precidency before moralising over european tradition . 
  americans should mind their own plutocacy before moralizing over other countries . 
  insitutional make up and historical ties go somewhat hand in hand . 
  the historical context will affect institutional norms and as we know organizations are difficult to change in regards to norms.the soviets never did manage to change institutional norms even in russia , part of why russia is still woefully inefficiant is due to tsarist norms carried over into soviet administration evolving and then carried over to the present administration . 
  this also goes for each and everyone of the satellites , they all had previous norms that carried over to communist administration and then to present day , this does in part exxplain different performance among them . 
  greece is a good example of insitutional norms gone crazy , in part due to history . 
  in ukraine the eu would face a similar situation with russian institutional norms and at that corruption at all level in soceity . 
  to give the ukraine some kind of agreement would in my mind be akain to baning our head against a wall since it simply can not change . 
  well turkey wo n't ever become a member , it would be extremely unlikely . 
  as with poland the former soviet satelites did have previous ties with western europ\u00e9 . 
  hungary , romania and the former czechoslovakia through both hre and later austria-hungary the baltic states through both sweden and finland . 
  i mean if you want to compare a potential process it would have to be with bulgaria and let 's be frank that has not worked out at all . 
  in regards to this case it does since it will have affected their institutional make up ie . 
  it will be very difficult for ukraine to adapt their institutions to western standards . 
  even though i like everything that screws russia i do n't think the two are comparable . 
  i mean poland has always been influenced culturally by the german states and various conestellations of regional empires . 
  ukraine on the other hand has with the exception of a few periods never been a part of western europ\u00e9 , it is by far more east than west , i.e. 
  the opposit of poland . 
  i dunno , perhaps because it is a courrupt and ungovernable country wthin the russian sphere of influecne and has no ties to europ\u00e9 whatsoever ? 
  there are two types : - raggare - as you said low class , often unempolyed , concentrated to rural areas . 
  they do n't bother you if you do n't bother them . 
  - blatte - litterary a slur for immigrant youth in suburbs to our cities . 
  they are like the french `` racaille '' as decbribed futher down in the thread . 
  they like to play victim to `` racism '' even though it is they themselvs who rape , assult et.al . 
  if i was in charge i would deport them , 
  yeah it is probably in most cases bound to fail . 
  the longer they are in the enviroment the harder it is to change thir perception of social structures . 
  it was named `` gypsy child thieves '' from the bbc . 
  the part about italy starts at 24.35 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lgdj0b5wqaa, 
  the ones i saw in the documentary were young adults who got to live alone in apartments , formulate their own goals and go to school basically . 
  they might have cherry picked examples that worked though . 
  goverments have tried to geive them housing , the gypsies then demolish it and sell the parts . 
  there is a bulgarian documentary about it , though i ca n't seem to find it . 
  edit : here it is : http://vimeo.com/13906172, 
  pretty much every county has tried and failed as i understand it . 
  i ca n't see any remedy for their culture . 
  i think they 've tried to `` rehabilitate '' some of them i italy individually by disconnecting them from their families . 
  the few we got here in the cold north do the same . 
  they go from county to county to collect benifits , while at the same time riging atm : s. naturally though to point this out this is just `` structural racism '' towards the poor gypsies . 
  ah , so there are the houses they build after stealing their way through western europ\u00e9 . 
  i saw a documentary about them stealing stuff in italy , france and spain to build tacky houses in their areas in romania . 
  it is the ineviteble reality for a project that historically focused on ntb : s and such . 
  it is an elite projct not suppoed to be democratic based on the idea of transfers to keep people happy . 
  also , a place in the eu parliament is in a lot of countries kinda a reward for long service in the nation so in the eu parliament we get old politicans who kinda have a `` let them eat cake '' perspective . 
  omg , i 've lived in a lot of places around in europ\u00e9 and i thought it coul n't be as bad for you in the us as here , i was wrong . 
  obviously he had this prior to dancing : http://receptfavoriter.se/recept/finsk-sommarsoppa.html, 
  i agree europ\u00e9 ca n't have a currency that is catering soley to german export needs . 
  at the same time french problems ( though not nearly as severe as the souths ) are the fault of the french for refusing to reform even slightly , i mean zarko tried and failed miserbly . 
  with that reasoning the germans might as well go to the wwi winners and say - merkel to hollande ; * hey you know what we are n't happy with the versailles treaty , it kinda sucked for us so we want reparations for the weimar years of hyperinflation . 
  now pay up . 
  * fact of the matter is that the question was settled fifty years ago and the greeks ca n't really go about haphazardly tearing up treatys and making shit up to get money . 
  does it suck that no one takes eu treaties about growth , deficit , gov.spending seriously ? 
  yeah . 
  but it is in no way indicative of supposed german double standards . 
  yeah . 
  to think that the nation state and indentification with the nation as a concept would give way to a tecknocratic construct ( the eu ) is laughable at best . 
  so what would the alternative be ? 
  who 'd fork up free cash ( yet again ) for parts of the south ? 
  you 're mixing apples and oranges . 
  that treaty on debts was a international agreement to settle an issue . 
  on the other hand no one has ever cared about what eu treaties says in regards to national economies , especially euro zone agreements . 
  the `` thin veil '' of european-ism and a supposed common european identity was just a lot of money being thrown around for decades . 
  of course it is in decline now that the cash has dried up . 
  - because the question was settled in 1953 for greece , just as in the case of almost every other country through this : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/agreement_on_german_external_debts greece ca n't come back 50 years later and claim that a agreement is invalid just beacause someone do n't wan na give free money . 
  - because the greek demands are ridiculous . 
  in their absurd demands they even want germany to pay for them for wwi !, 
  : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/financialcrisis/9981837/vast-greek-war-claims-against-germany-explode-like-a-time-bomb.html, 
  agred . 
  the prmary fault is the way departments recieves money from the state i.e based on the number of students in primarily educational programmes . 
  this leads to inflated number of students in a lot of departments were there are n't any jobs such as litterature , language , arts , economics , sociology and political science . 
  we do have the smallest low skill sector in the eu-27 according to eurostat so yes unskilled migrants adds shit loads to our statistics . 
  though even without that the situation is horrendus if you factor in students who are studying just to have something to do and young who 've stopped looking for work . 
  you 're right . 
  he used to be a maoist though . 
  that fat worthless maoist should keep that coookie intake shut . 
  regardless what texas conservatives believe they are refusing women a right mandated at federal level . 
  also , the `` abstinence only '' sex-ed that is pushed by republicans in the states that desperately needs better sex-ed makes it unlikely that better sex-ed will ever be introduced were it is needed . 
  oddly enough i do actually agree with the crazy lady on that issue , your president do have an almost imperial lifestyle . 
  i read a text on `` the obamas '' and how as example a general was sent to pick out sving-sets for his daughters * , it was n't an unbiased text but non the less brilliant writing . 
  though you know that you 're of the rails if bill o'reilly calls you into question . 
  * http://thebaffler.com/past/party_of_none i was under the impression that owning ak-47 , m-4 , the uzi and such was allowed in a lot of states ( ? ) . 
  it is true that there are far worse cuntries but the us is still a lot higher than the rest of the western world even if we look at just the homicide rate . 
  true as it is that we have both communists and fascists in some european countries they do not have close to the kind of power that jindal , perry et.al . 
  have to impose religious agendas on entire states such as in the case of defunding family planning in texas and catering to creationism in louisiana ( the school voucher system ) . 
  even though you have strict gun laws in some states you can hardly claim that transportation of guns through states is difficult . 
  i do agree though that you have to invest a lot more in mental healthcare through either state or federal care . 
  though we both know that the republicans will shot down any such suggestion since it quite frankly is n't good for their paymasters ( lobbying groups ) . 
  in regards to your article on gun control : * `` copyright october 1994 , nra institute for legislative action . 
  this is the electronic version of the `` 10 myths of gun control '' brochure distributed by nra . 
  '' * this is neither a factual or reliable source . 
  this goes for the cato insitutute cited in the forbes article as well . 
  i do agree though that guns do have the potential to stop crimes . 
  also , the problems you have in the inner citites comes from concentration of poverty and gangs , not from a lack of guns .
