  the norway reference was a spoof at the eliamep representative who saw a nrthern conspiracy and blamed norway , a country that is not a member of the eu or the ez . 
  the markets have confidence in the uk . 
  if the uk goverment says taht it 'll reform a sector it is likely that it will . 
  when the greek government ( s ) says it 'll reform a sector it will drag its feets , botch it and then blame germany , norway or whatever . 
  this is partly why the uk gets to loan money while greece does not . 
  this idea still seeems to be the common wisdom in some countries . 
  problem is though , noone seems to want to give them cash . 
  i agree , in the end it all really boils down to a facade to keep the ez tax payer calm adn to instil some kind of market confidence in the joke that is ez institutions . 
  greece 'll definatly be able to get a second write down , i remember the psi agrement were they got 80 % ( ? ), 
  of their private debt forgiven in 2012 . 
  after the german elections we 'll probably see a similar deal were loans made with ez tax payer money ( or official sector as greek calls is ) will take a similar hit . 
  still though protests will continue in athens were the horrible north/germans are at fault for being unsolidaric or something equally preposterous . 
  yes , loans needs to be paid back . 
  shock and horror . . 
  this is a very worthwhile read . 
  i expected the usual relativist crap but they way the author contextualizes and categorizes the different parties and provides possible exaplanatory models is excellent . 
  good find op !, 
  i do realise that scotland would be an ally for us in the north . 
  this said it will diminish british power vis-\u00e0-vis the south , that is my primary concern due to germany being an unreliable ally ( since it often sees to itself and france primarely ) . 
  over all i think it would increase the power of the `` latin '' block and that is not something i 'd like to see happen to europ\u00e9 . 
  speaking of bigotry ; self-deluding greek nationalism . 
  i mean to choose between on one hand western europ\u00e9 with ( figure head ) monarchs and on one hand the greek society with above the law oligarchs and * thoroughly * corrput political families in charge . 
  difficult choice ... 
  as an outsider i 'm actaully against it due to selfish and regional reasons . 
  an independent scotland would make for a weaker britain , this would in turn make for a wekaer north in the eu context . 
  rather than a weak britain i believe that europ\u00e9 needs a strong britain to counter the incompetence coming out of strong southern countries like spain and italy . 
  also , britain is a good counter to france . 
  let the downvotes pour in , 
  that is quite obvious , western law has eveolved due to case law , changing social norms et.al . 
  this is not the case with the afromentioned tribunals . 
  you 're just trying to obscure the issue with mindless relativization to normative bible based christian law that is not in use in europ\u00e9 . 
  your comparison is wholy moot . 
  also , if the justice system is slow then there are much better ways to fix it than using misogynist texts as an alternative . 
  i mean do you really belive that these councils will account for womens rights the same way as british courts ? 
  yes , my wording may have been faulty but it dos n't change the fact the existance of these tribunals is preposterous . 
  really , you ca n't see the gravity in the fact we in europ\u00e9 the year 2013 have `` alternatives '' to civil courts based on religion ? 
  these tribunals undoubtedly base rulings on fascist/misogynist 1600 year old texts . 
  furthermore since one group gets their `` alternative '' why not implement ( as an example ) something like irish abortion law for british catoholics ? 
  or perhaps some jamaican laws regarding homosexuality exlusivly for britains sizable jamaican community ? 
  this practice of community based law is a * very * slippery slope . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/muslim_arbitration_tribunal * the muslim arbitration tribunal is a form of alternative dispute resolution which operates under the arbitration act 1996 which is available in the united kingdom to muslims who wish to resolve disputes without recourse to the courts system . 
  * ; a system based on islamic law ( sharia ) that works as a subsitute for the courts system , this for a specific group within the britain . 
  what is it that you do n't understand about this ? 
  i never said anything about similar systems existing outside britain . 
  i meant that britain is a good example of what can happen if a country choses to pander to islam , the judicial mess being the best exampel of this . 
  this said , as weak and spineless a lot of countries are ( my own included ) in the face of pc pressure i would n't be suprised if similar systems pops up somewhere else in europ\u00e9 . 
  as an example i do know that muslims in thrace ( greece ) have their own laws in regards to marriage , schools et.al . 
  i do think i 'm quite clear , its not wise to have [ community based ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/muslim_arbitration_tribunal ) judicial rules . 
  this since it will create divisions between people in hte long run and at that weaken the legitimacy of the state . 
  britain being the best example of this . 
  of course it is problematic . 
  this said there are exceptions such as iranians who in general are well integrated into western society . 
  at the same time we do n't see buddists , hindus or jewish people constantly asking to be panderd to now do we ? 
  this in contrast to muslims who 'll cry and make a fucking hassle to no end if they do n't get what they want . 
  people say that this is a minority of muslims in europ\u00e9 . . well that is a load of shit , fact of the matter is that mena people ( ironically ) are raised with belief that they are superior and `` men of thought and civilization '' . 
  this is also why they in many cases refuse to integrate , they simply believe themselfs to be above the laws and norms of western society , i mean look at britain were they have their own sharia councils . 
  this to pander to islam and to have ( to some extent ) separate judicial system is in the long run very troublesome for the general citizens belif in both the nation and the state . 
  i 'd like for the soo hated concept of `` fortress europ\u00e9 '' to be realised ( to some extent ) to keep the filth and plague on society that is islam out of europ\u00e9 . 
  eurostat is your friend , use it . 
  you are right in the case of russian dispora , especially in neighbouring countries . 
  this will also be a problem in the long run . 
  though if we look in general russian values and culture has no power of attraction to most advanced societies , it simply has no merits . 
  this is also partly why the soviet union collpased i.e the russian/soviet model of society simply had no legitimacy , this even in countries like ukraine that traditionally has been in the russian shpere of intrest . 
  do the bosniaks traditionally look to turkey or the west ? 
  the answer is turkey . 
  poland is the by far biggest recipient of eu money , why should it get even more ? 
  i mean really the eu ca n't sponsor everything poland wants to do , rather the country should start picking up the tab for its own projects and not only look to the eu for free money . 
  also , the french and british - rich countries and a european leaders within nuclear tech . 
  are looking for eu money to sponsor them . . what is this a joke ? 
  its based on the fact that the three religios groups that make up bih really do n't like each other ( hence ethnic voting , three contitutions , shared precidency etc ) . 
  if it wasnt for nato the bosniaks , croats and serbs within bih would probably be at each others throats already . 
  i doubt that , as soon as the communist legacy wears of its gon na be business as usual i.e bosnia 'll turn into a `` normal '' muslim country and we 'll have another lebanon . 
  well the difference is that unlike arab zog-tards russias past is very real and does affect curent policy due to policy being built upon ideas thats been a part of kremilin mentality for more than a century . 
  also , since russia has no democratic tradition to speak and certanly is no democracy at the present it is far more likely to act in a autocratic manner . 
  we should n't look at russia as a western state and believe that it would act accordingly since it simply wo n't , russia only knows hard power , it has no understanding of soft power hence it is likely to act in a autocratic manner . 
  not really , if you look at the both the statements and actions coming out of the kremlin its basically the same stuff as during the soviet years , with a few cosmetic modifications ofc . 
  russia still view its `` near area '' as esssentally its to control , this due to russia inheriting both the organizational norms of imperial russia and the soviet union ( who saw the near area as theirs ) . 
  the only thing that 's changed really is the russian ability to translate norms into policy , as russia has grown stronger ( financially ) since the early 90s we 've seen a much more assertive russia aming to recapture both lost influence and territory . 
  ltdr : russian norms has n't changed , rathter a lack of financial means made russia seem softer during the early 90s . 
  might be because they steal everything that is n't nailed down . 
  as i stated , besides a few nish products , vodka amongst them , 
  the russian economic make up is in large ( witha few nish exeptions ) dependent on energy wich in turn is depedent on the world economy . 
  russia basically lacks economic diversification and of the goods that are produced in russia many are seen as inferior goods even within russia , this applies to everything from cars to electronics . 
  but eurobonds and debt pooling will fix it !, 
  surely france and germany will give up their policy tools to a unlected bureaucrat and also abide by the rules . 
  at the same token i 'm 100 % certain that the perifiry will enact reforms and behave responsible with low intrest rates . 
  - femen - it has an identity crisis in that is neither belongs fully to the russian sphere of influence or europ\u00e9 - the former pm is jailed, 
  missuse or not there simply is no market confidence for spain , italy or greece , noone of the relevant actors actually thinks that above countries will implement structural reforms . 
  hence it is pretty much inevitable that we 'll see lower confidence in the ez and possible slowed growth in germany i.e anemic growth across the ez . 
  the euro has jumped the shark and needs to be done away with . 
  so what you 're looking for is not reforms but rather just cheap credits to continue like pre 2008 ? 
  eurobonds wo n't work since they 'll sink market confidence for the whole of the ez and in the process make for anemic growth for the whole of europ\u00e9 . 
  yes the uk is becoming more of a federal state as you say , the difference is though that neither england , scottland or wales as entities are contested by another state or parts of its people such as is the case with northen ireland ( it ca n't be compared with the scottish bid for independance ) . 
  hence , the current situation doesnt allow for northern ireland to become a ( in a european context ) functioning federal part of the uk or ireland . 
  this is why i thought a balkan-like solution might something to consider . 
  i had n't thought about the culture issue but i agree wholly that it makes integration of northern ireland into either country nearly impossible . 
  true there is always thugs who takes advantage of whatever situation . 
  this said at the end of the day the present situation with northern ireland seems wholly unsustaniable and has been since at least the early 1970s ( from an outsiders perspective ) . 
  do n't you think that northern ireland either has to be completely integrated into the uk or whole absorbed by ireland ? 
  i do n't agree .
