  its something that simply ca n't be done . 
  the eu does not have that authority over its member-states to do sucha thing . 
  it should let teh hungarians develop at their own pace , rather than turning them away from the west through arrogant and preposterous liberal thoughts on a ` one righteous path ' for them to follow . 
  people in general do n't like outsiders telling them what to do . 
  so what 's the eu to do ? 
  try to dispose of him ? 
  that 'll make the hungarian public more likely to vote for a candidate more in tune with eu norms . . how about leaving it to the hungarians to weed out the corrupt/old guard politicians that are plaguing the country . 
  this is as much about fucking awful politicians as it is about the creation of a national identity , and it is nothing the eu should put its nose into . 
  mind you he defecated , jacked of , and drank the contents of a vacuum cleaner * after * having been shot at , that is uniquely something that can happen in teh us , and why floridaman  all . 
  a brit would simply have done something bland like shouting at the owners in cockney and thrown something at them . 
  ah , this mythical and undefinable relationship between serbia and russia again . 
  i 've yet to get a good explanation to what it actually entrails since historically serbia belonged to the ottoman sphere of influence , and present day serbia got wholly fucked by russia in the loan terms after the 90 's . 
  i hardly think anything the british does can top the stuff you americans do , and in particular the adventures of flordiaman , such as gems like this : http://www.reddit.com/r/floridaman/comments/1x1gip/florida_man_breaks_into_house_poops_on_the_floor/ , that makes this woman seem like a school girl . 
  is this some kind of british / r/floridaman / ? 
  we 're kinda over [ whataboutism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/whataboutism ) on this sub . 
  you got ta find another angle , else you 'll stand out too much , be more subtle . 
  do n't be physically to close to anyone . 
  do n't be loud or obnoxious , you 'll be considered to be an idiot and / or foreigner . 
  do understand that the pc political climate has made sure that a lot of people have an official view of politics and an unofficial view , you as a foreigner will get the official view . 
  do forget everything you 've learned about non-nordic ways of greeting people - do n't try to kiss anyone on the cheek or similar as most of us we\u00e4ll be repulsed by stuff like that . 
  do be polite , as with being loud being impolite means you 'll be pinned as an idiot and / or foreigner . 
  do n't make anyone lose face - its a grave crime to make anyone look bad / dumb . 
  do n't brag , it makes you look vulgar . 
  do understand that `` tolerance '' here means just that , that you 're tolerated , it means nothing more . 
  that 30 % dmg buff probably needs the nerfbat , seems op as a passive buff . 
  well when you have the homophobic greek orthodox church , and its the detrimental societal influence , this is what you get . 
  you have similar problems , but not on the same magnitude , in spain cronyism is much , much more wide spread . 
  also , the italian dysfunctionality does to a large degree depend on the election thresholds ( % to get seats ) that to a very large degree makes the country ungovernable . 
  spanish politicians lacks legitimacy on a eu-level due to them often being very corrupt , and unable to rule their own country efficiently , hence they have no clout . 
  i do n't agree , if you look at the debates in countries with large influxes of muslims you 'll see that the debates often involves whether they should be allowed to be exempt from majority law , this sometimes at extreme levels like britain 's sharia councils . 
  the modern secular state should protect the individual against religion , and cultural practices that has no place in it , rather than accommodating that crap . 
  hence , tehy should be forced to integrate since their beliefs and culture are incompatible with western society . 
  its you who ca n't grasp simple concepts applied to teh eu . 
  it might have come from a less than reputable source , but stuff like this is common place throughout all of europe with extensive migration influx of muslims . 
  true that it is very difficult to separate culture from religion in that area , especially since islam is a template on how to run a society , and is viewed that way even today . 
  of course islam is a massive hurdle to integration , but in addition to that as are cultural beliefs from the region that have become mixed with the religion . 
  below quote and is from the article , the bolded part really captures the controversy , in that its just the facts that are offensive to apologists et.al . 
  * `` i 'm an engineer and a muslim and i was born in this country * ** this debate is very offensive , '' '' **, 
  we 've actually beat you in overall eu-scepticism as well for a few years . 
  this said i do n't know what the current euro-barometer says about witch one of us leads in scepticism . 
  yes , exactly , a level of sovereignty normally accompanied by a prime minster . 
  the eu does n't meet that criteria . 
  the eu has aspired to power , both through the high representative , and the successive development of the former second pillar and the cfsp . 
  the eu has aspired to do this since the maastricht treaty . 
  what you 're saying is that i 'm right . 
  use the westphalian version of sovereignty and you 'll have the modern state , that has a prime minister or equivalent . 
  but that is not the same thing as to shape events though . 
  scrambling to react has made sure that the eu looks lost . 
  i do n't agree at all , the eu and its influence in the world is built on supposed soft power , this to make up for the samll amount of clout individual ms has . 
  as we 've seen during the events in the ukraine , and to a lesser extent during the euro-zone crisis , any eu ` power ' is quite ineffective and disregarded by the international community at large when push comes to shove . 
  why is it embarrassing to call out putin and russian behaviour in the ukraine ? 
  he got massive support in russian polls for his neo-realist policy and wages a propaganda war with his own 50-cent army . 
  the two sides are not equal in this war , russia is the aggressor . 
  i would define prime minster as someone who elected to run a country , as would most persons . 
  it is exceptionally weak , and will become that more so with such a politicized and divisive figurehead . 
  he certainly is no prime minister . 
  i 'm not the one down voting . 
  i would have liked for the eu to have been shaping event in the ukraine , rather than scrambling to react . 
  useless figurehead . 
  to believe that the eu has a shred of credibility left is laughable at best . 
  if you were a country in say the eastern partnership , what would you make of the eu response to ukraine ? 
  i 'd have a ulster if i was them . 
  the eu has nothing to offer what-so-ever . 
  why would europe need an absolutely toothless federation ? 
  we 'd just have prevailing regional interests , rather than national interests . 
  it 'd be the same stuff with new labels . 
  cute . 
  i 've given you reasonable sources , but you ca n't give any that supports your stance . 
  that 's it , you ahve nothing . 
  pathetic russian stupidity as always , you 're just not a part of the civilized world  ) ) ) ) ) ), 
  well give me you credible sources that says otherwise . 
  my point , that i should have made clear , is that you are captured by money since citizens united ( before that as well , but still ... ) . 
  you ca n't lead the west anymore , but neither can we . 
  i do think that a lingering dixie - yankee divide is clearly visible in present day us politics . 
  i mean you people have some real fucking kooks to deal with in your senate and congrress . 
  i ca n't agree ore about obama , he 's such a spineless coward that would suck gop cock if they told him to , utterly pathetic man , ( imo you need elisabeth warren ) . 
  haha , continental europe is worthless in any way you might imagine , besides divisions ( where fuck ups like greeks and italians that actually support russia ! ), 
  we have germany that decides what we 'll do in accordance with german business interests . 
  the us should ignore the eu , it is not a power to recognise in any way what-so-ever , but to laugh at . 
  obama has far more credibility than your putler will ever have . 
  not that i would wan na finish a doctoral at karolikska ? 
  that 's not my field , since its medical science ... its like i 'm a broken record here , repeating stuff that an indoctrinated russian ca n't comprehend . 
  you can just browse whatever credible source you want , they 'll tell you what i 've told you . 
  i fucking dare you do come up with a credible alternative . 
  show me the sources that gives another picture , i bet you wo n't dare since it 'll be some stupid rt stuff or worse . 
  i 'm well aware that cochran won , but that is not indicative of a tp backlash , neither is lindsey graham winning in south carolina . 
  `` some people '' ? 
  germany is quite cosy with you providing them with security while they scour the whole of europe to buy out companies to close them down to further their own exports = they 're using you . 
  i do n't agree about that , i mean the race stuff is so deeply entenced in us politics in that the whole of the `` fly over '' will head to it to some extent , due to talking points from talk radio . 
  well , france is the `` political centre of europe '' i 'm told , apparently we 're supposed to oblige what the hypocrite and arrogant fucks decide - you see why europe are n't doing anything . . 
  damn , it was wrong of me to spend time on a putler bot , luls . 
  reuters , as reputable news agency will provide the objective reports . 
  though source criticism seems beyond you , since you 'd probably suck putlers cock if he asked you . 
  here you go : http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/07/18/us-ukraine-crisis-obama-iduskbn0fn22l20140718 http://www.reuters.com/video/2014/07/18/a-call-for-answers-in-mh17-crash?videoid=324276266&amp;videochannel=1&amp;channelname=top+news i have a far higher education than you 'll ever havel ` ill russian  ) ) ), 
  do you actually have any arguments at all ? 
  come back when you know what you 're talking about . 
  this goes for both your posts . 
  looking at bratt and how he destroyed cantor i ca n't see how the tp is irrelevant , they will via talk radio et al. 
  mount an offensive ahead of the mid-terms with kooks far worse than ever . 
  the gop blocks obama ' ( fucking awful as he is ) because he is black thinking that low information voters , `` truthers '' and similar fuck-ups will reward them .
