  also , obama will lose the senate this year , republicans wo n't allow an increased american military presence in europe ; nato will be dead in the water . 
  oh i know , my pathetic government runs and hides as always , its a fucking travesty . 
  this said i hardly think nato would support the baltics when push comes to showe , there is no way your president would be able to sell that to the american public . 
  i also think you 're not understanding that the spheres of influence in europe are cuturally and religiously based , not based around modern day organisations . 
  simply put , these nations do n't belong to a russian sphere of influence , neither do they want to . 
  rather , some belong to the nordic / scandinavian sphere , such as the baltics , and a lot to either the hre or austria-hungary , man some even to the former ottoman sphere !, 
  a russian sphere of influence , in europe , as a concept is a modern day construction from the later part of the 1800 's , designed to prop up russian imperialism . 
  further back , historically , it holds no merit what-so-ever . 
  greece held the eu hostage until you got in . 
  it was seen as great victory for `` hellenism '' . 
  in regards to all of those issues i think that the us is , to be blunt , screwed . 
  citizens united basically made the ( already in place ) plutocracy legal . 
  also , the view of the institutioanl set up and constitution as something unchangable and almost holy is akain to how the iranian clerics see their form of government , it 'll hinder any form of progress . 
  our nuclear plants are a damn lot safer than old russian crap reactors , that were missmanaged during soviet rule . 
  it is not comparable at all . 
  its the public debate , oppontents are few and far between when it coems to setting the narrative . 
  if we look beyond ` active shooter events ' i think that when push comes to showe , if more strict laws was being considered , the right and various lobbying groups would be able to turn the question into a issue of ` freedom ' . 
  this to shape public opinion in a way that the democrats will never touch it beyond empty talk . 
  true , though unfortunately not only on the internet , the rational crowd are nowhere to be found in american gun debate . 
  i mean im not anti guns per se , but i think the cultural aspect , where it is perceived as fine to go about shooting indiscriminately due to property intrusion is beyond absurd . 
  that is hardly the case , since it is strictly regulated . 
  unfortunatly i did the grave mistake on listening to it a while ago . 
  i actually was surprised that he got convicted . 
  but the point is that he was hailed like some kind of hero by the most influential american right wing media outlets , that it was his right , and actually according to law he had no obligation to even call a medic to the wounded girl , he could have just let her die by herself and gotten away with it . 
  also , some non right wing media tried to relativise it by saying like `` he ' served the country in vietnam '' et.al . 
  to kinda give him some slack , it is preposterous . 
  i think even congressmen applauded it . 
  this is not an isolated even either , its high profile , but hardly isolated , just look at the florida `` shoot first and ask questions later '' laws and the stuff that has followed . 
  stuff like this is what you 'd expect from pakistan , not a supposedly western country . 
  aboslutely . 
  also , there was an article earlier this week in the economist on how the state of georgia would allow guns in bars . 
  a lot of the american comments were in line of `` the bars will be more safe since you risk getting shot if misbehaving '' . 
  that 's the national discourse , that a gun will solve the problems , make the location safer , its like saying to an obese person to eat more in order to lose wight . 
  i 'm sure there are opponents , but hardly 50 % . 
  i mean the gun culture is an integral part of the culture war , as well as the narrative of the `` free man '' v.s. 
  the federal government as a general discourse . 
  discussing guns as a non american , with an american , you just get muddification of the issue and talking point answers . 
  you 've had more restricted gun laws before , but nowadays there is no way a republican would even try to run without getting nra approval , especially due to the gop civil war . 
  i do n't think any change is possible at this stage , not even small roll backs . 
  we do n't have any geological fault-lines that 'd make that a risk . 
  also , our nuclear power plants are owned by the state , i.e. 
  your points are totally moot . 
  this is like the man in minnesota who actually waited for two teens to enter his house , and deliberately shot to kill , dragged them out to his shed , and when he found that one was still alive did a `` finishing shot '' . 
  if you look it up you 'll see a lot of americans actually defending it as his right to defend `` his caste '' . 
  the logical fallacies in their agruments are so many that you 'd lose count , and there is no point in discussing this with an american , they 've been indoctrinated into the gun culture in an almost pavlovian way . 
  also , this is what you get when uneducated white trash gets to control regional government within a corrupt political system ; gop and/or tea party politicians that make laws , sponsored by lobbyists , that would n't be out of place in lawless tribal areas . 
  yeah . . because we are vulnerable to tsunamis ... 
  our oldest one is actually , contrary to popular belief , in present day germany . 
  long overdue and a natural alliance . 
  it would be good if we could cooperate regarding materials as well , to a greater extent than now . 
  that said i 'd be more comfortable if we actually had a competent defense minister , unlike this one , hence i apologize in advance if she manages to fuck stuff up . 
  great article . 
  it kinda spinns on fukuyamas second theory of the `` last man '' , as the west is unable to see past its own narrative of gloablsim and whatnot . 
  also , as long as germany is allowed to rule the eu as it pleases this is what we 'll have ; the foreign policy initiatives of about 500 milj . 
  people decided by german ( and in some cases british and french ) economic needs . 
  in my mind the eu has now likely ` jumped the shark ' , the eu as a global actor has been thoroughly discredited . 
  no , not even close . 
  nothing in europe comes close to the shear ineptitude , tackiness and missguided / dumb policies of the gop , and tea party in particular . 
  he means compared to the global ideological struggle that was the cold war . 
  i agree with the author regarding your second point . 
  brussels is probaly the worst of the ivory towers , where they simply ca n't accept the idea that gloabalism is being rejected , that there is no universialism of values , and that china has no interest in `` playing by the rules '' . 
  the core values , both religious and cultural that very often come with migrants from the mena area are not compatible with modern , secular and equality based european states . 
  supposedly has some good ski-resorts , though has immense problems with corrupt politicians . 
  besides that i honestly do n't know much . 
  would be interesting to visit , dunno it its safe though . 
  europe 2014 ... . . 
  it would be considered very odd . 
  no , it is not complex . 
  the parliament that was elected democratically is still there . 
  only difference is that the cleptocratic president is disposed of . 
  there have been numerous polls on whether eastern ukraine wants to belong to russia - they do n't . 
  putin and medvedev have both made it clear that they see themselfs having a `` moral imperative '' to interveen in the baltics , they 've done this since 2008 . 
  so all in all ; no , you 're wrong on every point . 
  the people of germany seems content with the present situation . 
  have you heard about ukraine ? 
  that might be the reason ... always either serbs or greeks playing at some kind of imginary relation with russia . 
   because we are one of the few nations who are not only `` kissing american ass '' . 
  you 'd have to be hallucinating to believe that . 
  rather it is very much the other way around . 
  remind me , how many us troops and bases are still in germany ? 
  more of this , less of the cap . 
  we pay enough in this union as it is . 
  we also have our energy secured . 
  those unable to think ahead , who 've made themselfs reliant on russian energy will have to deal with the through their own funds , rather than shifting costs to others . 
  the baltics are being incoporated into the nordic energy net , as for the continent , it should deal with its own problems regarding this issue . 
  unlike our public broadcaster they 've recoginced a internal leftist bias , at least to a certain extent , and are actually dealing with it , that alone is commendable . 
  it is also something that would never happend here . 
  the bbc is simply outstanding in regards to overall quality , vaiety , debates and such . 
  it is something that the rest of europ\u00e9 should apsire to emulate . 
  i would like all of you brits to be like keith floyd , and british women to look like a young kate bush . 
  now looking at the real world britain is seen as a rational fwllow country and a trustworthy country . 
  you are known to havea nice capital , some nice aeles , but somewhat laking when it comes to food . 
  edit : also , you ahve the bbc , which many people i know are jealous of , since it is soo much better than our public broadcaster . 
  i 'm still waiting for the news that we in the north are expected to foot the bill . 
  if france and poland both wants something its not without costs for someone else . 
  the eu did n't react strongly since it simply ca n't , in the end national interests trumps the eu . 
  this meaning that , in my view , any talk about the eu as a world power is delusions . 
  the eu . 
  i do n't agree , i think this shows that the eu is n't a relevant actor in international relations , since when push comes to showe national interests renders it useless . 
  i mean the sanctions are in large effect-less for natural resources power such as russia .
