  results have been mixed at best though . 
  yes the infrastructure has improved significantly throughout southen europe but at the same time investment has entrenched faulty practices such as government jobs / contracts to special intrests as well as created a lot of white elephants . 
  would more investment really be the cure ? 
  - the issue with fiscal tagets and reform in the case of southern euope ( and france ) seems quite bluntly to be that both politics and structural factors ( institutions and such ) prevents effective implementation of both reforms and hence hinders fiscal targets . 
  i mean when the uk gov. 
  says we 're gon na reduce expenditure with x % this year the markets tend to trust that . 
  when greece or spain says the same the markets tend to be reserved at best . 
  yeah , it has got to be time for him to resign soon ( ? 
  i meant that is boils down to differences between old and new ( as well as centre - periphery questions ) hence culture brought in by ataturk and the old represented by ottoman ( islamic ) values . 
  the same phenomena exists here in europ\u00e9 , that people ( immigrants ) become more religious when moving to a new enviroment . 
  it is probably one of the big internal challanges for turkey . 
  ah , i always though the army was the guarantee for ataturks ideals ( kinda like the chinese pla is the gurantee for deng xiaopings legacy as opposed to maoism ) . 
  the headscarf issue is a fight between kemalism and the traditional ottoman values , hence a fight between western and eastern values . 
  turkey managed to avoid the islamic backlash of the late 70s and early 80s in the rest of the middle east ( probably due to the military taking over ) . 
  \u00cdt is possible that turkey is having a mini `` backlash '' of its own with the election of the akp . 
  though it could also be a convergence of traditional and western values . 
  this . 
  having lived there i ca n't explain how much i hate moules frites . 
  the hijab issue is very intestering to follow as a foreigner since it does seem symbolize the whole culural divide in turkey . 
  true , but the real question is who will get the blame for the huge borrowings that underpins turkish ecnomic growth . 
  i mean if politics would shift too much market confidence would take a huge hit and with it the whole turkish economy . 
  i 'd say that the akp knows that this sort of constrains their room to act . 
  it 'd be very difficult to root out something like that . 
  i mean it is basic organisational and institutional theory i.e that norms and institutional historic norms are extremly difficult to change . 
  this regardless of personel changes , norms do remain in daily routines , in intra organizational discourse , staffing and such . 
  straight out of my head i ca n't think of an example where it has been done ( with success ) . 
  so what ? 
  they have all the right to say whatever they want . 
  to be quite blunt the uk has two options ; - remain in the eu and fight for some northern sanity - develop their `` special relationship '' with the us i.e be a fulltime bitch to the us also , before `` we have the commonwealth '' - the commonwealth is worth nothing more than the occcational cricket match . 
  they couldnt even get their `` counstitution of europ\u00e9 '' to pass in france , a founder and core member state . 
  to think that they 'd pull something like this of is just a laugh . 
  to have turkey as both a wall towards the middle east and at the same time kinda a ambiviolus detatched part of europ\u00e9 suits the us fine i 'd say . 
  that is true , but fact remains that there is a huge divide between the somewhat cosmopolitan cities and the traditional countryside . 
  as i understand it the voting patterns of poor people moving to cities is not changing either i.e. 
  stregthning the conservatives in the cities as well . 
  also , turkey do n't have the `` joker '' in form of the military to stir up politics anymore , this has created a new politial landscape where both populism and punishment ( for journalists and such ) can be used to a much greater extent . 
  should be headline material since it is quite eyebrow rasing stuff , though it is apparently hidden were you 'd have to search to find it . 
  well the eu is completely incapable of watching anything or exert any influence what so ever anyway in any region . 
  rather that akp support is from the us . 
  the power the akp wields has more to do with the fact that the kemalists have seen their power base dwindeling for some years , why ? 
  probably because a majority outside the cities are n't secular but rahter conservative muslims . 
  though of course the akp is a despicable party that is destroying the foundations of modern turkey , that is unquestionable . 
  there is nothing we in the west can do about that though , that is up to the turks . 
  as for syria , it was bound to become a civil war that will last for years , this simply because syria holds a lot of the remaning minorities from the rest of the middle east . 
  cruel as it sounds i think we in the west should stear clear of syria . 
  ahh , our fine justice system ... 
  i do wonder why this did n't get reported in our daily papers ... ah yeah that 'd be `` racist '' probably . 
  if any of you study law and wan na make a case study of a completely fucked up justice system due to political activism i 'd recommend ours , it is hillarious . 
  if turkey could wield its influence in the cluster fuck that is its near region i 'd be happy !, 
  i mean lets cut to the chase , the muslim countries in the region could use a metric ton of advice from turkey on how to build functioning states . 
  also , parts of the balkans is n't europ\u00e9 either and have nothing to do in the eu . 
  they 'd be far better of dealing with a regional power that understands their culture and customs i.e turkey . 
  i agree it is a bizzare discussion that has been conducted in a ivory tower enviroment ( academia ) . 
  what the common turk and european citizen has to say has never been included in the discussion . 
  when push comes to show though the farmer in anatolia ca n't accept the norms of the car builder in germany , likewise the car builder in germany ca n't accept the norms of the anatolian farmer . 
  these people ca n't be in the same club . 
  we have the same situation in sweden . 
  at first gypsie was the `` correct '' term , only that got associated with stealing , begging and stuff , then it was `` roma '' got associated with the same stuff . 
  now `` the traveling people '' is the pc term :d, 
  now you 're being very prejudice against the gyps ... oh sorry . . * `` the traveling people '' * ... 
  it is simply not going to happen ; - germany and france wo n't let turkey in since it would remove their voting advantage in the council of ministers . 
  - greece wo n't let turkey enter due to the agean disputes ( every present menber state have to approve a new candidate ) . 
  - turkey ca n't join since they are occupying cyprus ( you ca n't be in conflict with a present member state if you are to join ) . 
  - with turkey the eu would effectily border iraq , iran and syria - a lot of countrys sees turkey as nice buffer zone . 
  - given turkeys young population and potential migration some countries are hesitant , to say the least . 
  - to put it quite bluntly ; the eu is a turkish politicians put it a christian club . 
  the franco-german rule of the eu is simply not resonable or rational in an eu with 27 ( soon 28 ) member states . 
  it worked fine up untill the nice treaty but subsequent revissions to include more policy areas means that the eu ca n't be ruled by two countries in the long run . 
  yes , investors are fleeing some southern european countries due to fearing the loss of their money , that is just a standard responce . 
  negative yields for percieved safe havens are nothing new though , it is uncommon but not unheard of . 
  the intresting question is why is this happeing ? 
  investors are fleeing to safe havens such as the dollar , sek , nek and the swiss franc , even the pound is considered a safe haven . 
  this mainly due to investors trusting ( market confidence ) these nations to implement policy that will rebound their respective economy . 
  this market confidence does not exist for athens or madrid , partly because they do n't have any control over their monetary policy , that control is firmly in the hands of berlin and paris , hence we see their borrowing costs go up . 
  well the question is ( clich\u00e9 as it is ) what way the county will take ? 
  i mean turkey will never be allowed into the eu , and a a sizable portion of the people do n't want that either . 
  this said turkey ca n't restablish its old sphere of influence either since a lot of thesurronding countries dislikes turkey , this both christian states subjugated during the ottoman times and muslim states that believes that turkey isnt `` muslim enough '' since they 've kinda closed themselfs of to the rest of the region . 
  this leaves the question , where will turkey turn ? 
  central banks always makes money out of bonds . 
  that 's what the bond market is for ... 
  now , how does it look outside constantinople and ankara ? 
  perhaps take a look in anatolia . 
  central banks makes money on bond purchaces , on intrest rates . 
  in what way is this even remotely new ? 
  i 'm just happy we none euro-zone countries wo n't have to be a part of it . 
  i mean you do understand that a fiscal union is just a step away from `` euro-transfers '' ? 
  this since there still have to be convergence within the euro-zone . 
  i am attacking the message . 
  i get your point though through your rather eloquent explanation . 
  in my view yes it is fine in a nordic paper since they can relate to the situation much better due to cultural and political similarites . 
  funny that you mention britain . 
  i saw an interview on the bbc heavily criticising our right wing partys suggestion that immigration be cut . 
  though they did support if being cut in the uk . 
  hypocracy at its best . 
  if we 're takling about the arabs their image is absolutely their own fault , i ca n't even think of a more disliked group of migrants . 
  as for structural factors , the only ones that limits migrants ( in general ) possibility to get a job is our rigid labour market and a far to high rate of low skilled migrants , this since we have a very small low skill sector . 
  in regards to the study , of course you 're gon na get that result if you just randomize experiences , traits and at that randomly assign names . 
  it 'd likely be diffuclt to isolate causation with that methodology . 
  we have a migrant who lives in malm\u00f6 and complains that he ca n't integrate , it is like moving to compton , la and complain that you wo n't get a job . 
  furthermore the moralising story does as these stories always do i.e complain that we 're racist when we 're simply over our heads with unskilled migrant labour ( partly due to us wars ) .
