  this in the county with the smallest low skill sector in the entire eu . 
  i 'd like to know what it is that i 'm not getting , where is my logical fallacy ? 
  if you choose to live in malm\u00f6 as a migrant you know that you wo n't get a job . 
  you also know that you wo n't ever be integrated by a long shot , period . 
  it is the same story in a lot of european cities . 
  it is perfectly fine , i 'm attacking both . 
  the day the us takes in the `` christian iraqis '' we have in the suburbs to stockholm then the nyt can publish rubbish , otherwise no . 
  then he is one of * very * few who are trying , though of course it differs between different groups of migrants . 
  if wants to integrate he should run head over heals from malm\u00f6 , though he should know this is he is bright enough to get a piece of writing in the nyt . 
  this is like the third time this is posted during the last 30 days or so . 
  on topic , these us papers can bitch about stuff when the us starts to take the fucking refugees from its own wars . 
  i mean honsestly a lot of us ( swedes ) just do n't want illiterate mena people in our county , a quite large group of them have no intention what so ever of working of integrating , they simply come to us because of the free money . 
  if you wan na bitch about multiculturalism and us being racist then take them in your own countries , until then a large serving of stfu is in order . 
  well layofs are ineviable in the major greek utilites whether they are state or privately owned . 
  though you do have a point in that there is a huge risk of monopolies and at that probably corruption in the tenders . 
  agreed . 
  as i wrote : * ( as it is today already . . ) * a federal europe would set this in stone though . 
  look at the eu now , the union with 503 mil . 
  citizens god damn stops when two countries ( france and germany ) ca n't agree or are having elections . 
  i mean effectivly the govs. 
  representing about 140 mil . 
  people can shut down a union of 503 mil people at will . 
  that is not my idea of democracy . 
  it needs to break up , the euro is a one size fits none policy project built on illusions . 
  central banks makes money of bonds purchances . 
  in other news the sun is hot . 
  it would achieve civil war . 
  such an abomination would inevitably be run by the germans and french i.e taking their intests into account over the rest of us ( as it is today already . . ) . 
  there is no chance in hell this would go down well with 27 other countries . 
  also the general public still identifies with the nation state , not the eu . 
  a lot of these companies have been money drains for years , as an example the train company ( trainose ) is notorious for making huge operational losses due to wage costs . 
  to keep these will only make the recovery more difficult and will serve as a kind of disincentive for change . 
  though they are difficult so sell at anything but bargain prices due to a history of losses and strikes . 
  now that is apples ( hospitals ) and oranges ( train companies and gas utility ) . 
  the latter are a massive drain on their state ( even before the crisis ) and could be privatized in order to cut long term losses and bring in needed cash . 
  in the case of greece both corruption and clientelism is the basis for the crisis . 
  if it had not been for greek politicians falsifying statistiscs for years and bying votes with government jobs the crisis would not have been as bad as it is . 
  this goes for education and statistics as well . 
  i mean greece have more teachers/student than any other eu country but at the same time some of the worst results , why ? 
  because the teachers themselvs hold after school classes to get additional cash . 
  this because the unions are so strong that it ca n't be changed . 
  as for checks and balances , it was only after 2010 the elstat got independence from the parliament . 
  to throw mony at stuff like this wo n't change it . 
  in order to end the fradulent practices you need to get to the root cause i.e vested intrests and political families . 
  if these are allowed to throw around more money they simply wo n't change . 
  my point is that funding for projects or eib started projects will only push the problem a bit further down the road , this since the stuctural issues ( corruption , patronage and clientelism ) will remain . 
  a lot of the utilities such as trainose , depa , electrical utilies and more have been making huge losses for years , to cut them lose is a profit in both the long term and short term . 
  this also goes for the old athens airport and other state owned assets . 
  they are still in the programme since their politicians and vested intests are `` kicking the can '' for as long as possible . 
  your suggestion would amout to the same , to push the crisis on the future only to have thei dysfunctional system blow up again later on in a few years . 
  if you are refering to the taiped sale of opap i can only hope it is the first of many so the government can muster the cash to pay contractors that have been waiting for payment for years . 
  this to get some money into the economy . 
  not a shock theraphy like russia , that was a utter faliure . 
  i 'd say that the eu could help with expertise and make sure to avoid the same cock up as in russia . 
  no they havnt , the first major privatization deal was actually signed yesterday ; http://www.ekathimerini.com/4dcgi/_w_articles_wsite2_1_01/05/2013_496989 also , a lot of the greek public utilites companies and their version of `` quangos '' are deeply indebted , hence they are not generating cash . 
  a general eu wide increase in spending directed towards r&d , education and such should take place while the cap et.al . 
  should make up much much less in the annual budget . 
  the north has suggested this for years . 
  though the eu can not under any cirumstances go in and prop up a few selected countrys within the framwork of the inner market , it would have to be eu wide . 
  in regards to slovenia i ca n't see any alternative to swift and decisive regulatory review and to deal harshly with the ones responsible for missmanagement of the state owned banks . 
  this to restore confidence . 
  you should look to how we in sweden dealt with a bank crisis in the early 90s , some of our responce could be applicable in your case . 
  furthermore slovenia must deal with corruption within the major parties . 
  the slovenian crisis also steams partly from the situation in italy since a lot of your exports are bound for them . 
  in the case of greece it ca n't be the state . 
  this since it is rife with incompetence and has a unbelievably bad track record . 
  rather , harsh and fast privatization of some state controlled sectors and lowered taxes and at the same time better tax collection could in part be the answer . 
  so in essence you want to preserve the status que in greece , rather than to reform the county ? 
  to let them muddle through under the illusion that their country is functioning when it clearly isnt . 
  for how long do you think this is viable ? 
  all you suggestion would accomplish is artificial breathing room for a thoroughly dysfunctional system , it would also further entrench corrupt practices in regards to in this case tenders ( greece already has a huge problem with this ) . 
  in the case of ireland i agree , they did manage to transform their economy , hence they also stopped reveiving funds during the 90s and early 2000s . 
  the rest however have not managed to transform , rahter the funds have entrenched vested intests and faulty practices ( such as corruption and nepotism ) . 
  this especially in greece but also to some extent in spain . 
  indeed it is needed in the us . 
  krugmans call for `` temporary stimulus '' in europe ca n't really include anything else than increased fund spending on a eu level . 
  this said there is no need for more white elephants ( airports , harbours , highways , high speed rail et.al ) on the expance of other countrys tax payers . 
  i guess he 's called for inflationary policy in germany , but we all know that wo n't happen . 
  you think ? 
  so who is gon na pay for keynesianism to prop up dysfunctional states ? 
  if you did n't notice countries such as spain and greece have recieved money for infrastructure et.al . 
  ( what krugman always suggests ) for the last 20 years through regional and structural funds , did it work ? 
  now knock yourself out trying to find someone who 'd throw even more money at the problem , rather than solving it for the long run . 
  in the end it wo n't matter . 
  this since no one can fork up the cash needed for switch to a krugman-esque policy ( which would n't work anyway ) . 
  well i 'd say that controlled bankruptcies would be the least bad alternative . 
  it 'd give the economies some time to adapt to the coming massive internal devaluations . 
  it could be a good thing since domestic prices would would fall for most goods and services that then could be purchased by foreigners i.e. 
  it could kick start the hosuing and tourism markets in both greece and spain . 
  also luxuary products sold to foreigners at cheap prices ( cars , houses etc. ), 
  could get money flow in the general economy going and increased demand could possibly create higher prices , this helping to rebound the economy . 
  these are just my highly nominal speculations though . 
  you have to take into account that some of remaing countries would get horrible intrests rates and therefore probably be forced to declare bankruptcy . 
  this since there would be no one to provide cash for bail outs , meaning that the euro would collapse . 
  yeah , though they 'd effectivly be banned from markets due to sky high intrest rates , sort of like greece is at the moment . 
  this would likely force some state bankruptcies , i 'd say for spain and greece . 
  yeah , that would happen almost immediately , i mean countries like finland could n't possibly stay in southern dominated euro . 
  i 'd guess that market confidence in a revamped southern euro area would simply dissapear i.e the bonds of remaning states would probably be reduced to `` junk status '' prompting a remaning euro area to finally disolve . 
  without germany the euro would collapse fairly quickly . 
  you 're welcome .
