  there is simply no choice . 
  you ca n't have regional guilds in professions anymore as an example , and a national land register has to be established . 
  who 'd foot the bill for this keynisanism ? 
  is it fair to poorer ez countries to have to foot the bill for greece , a country that has received vast amounts of eu support the last 35 years , rather than developing their own countries ? 
  why should greece , rather than its poorer neighbours receive special treatment ? 
  if you look at the people of the eu in general the free market is what has driven the eu , and teh west for a very long time , it is also the core of the modern eu . 
  i hear your argument a lot from a lot of people , but i ca n't understand what the alternative would be ? 
  but all of this has shown that when push comes to shove ez and eu rules are more or less guidelines that can be ignored at will . 
  is n't that a bit too extreme ? 
  there is nothing at the present that says that a closer union is even remotely possible , neither a eu fracture . 
  rather both the ez and the eu will kick the can and muddle through . 
  but would it be in the interest of european populations that have paid for the bailouts to give their claims up ? 
  what guarantees do they have that they wo n't have to do the same thing all over again in a few years ? 
  this since there is presently no indications what-so-ever that the leftist greek government wants to reform in a way that will create a more economically sustainable model . 
  i agree that greece should be ousted of the euro , since its not going to make it within the ez , and that interest rates should be higher . 
  the question remains how on earth the greeks are to get their economy going , the present make up with extremely high percentage of small and medium size inefficient service industry businesses makes it a basket case , hence will it still require some kinda long term support ? 
  but you have to realise that it is difficult , to say the lease , politically ? 
  the spanish and portuguese wo n't allow it , and it is doubtful whether the italian and french governments would be able to argue in favour of such an agreement , due to national sentiments . 
  why should the greeks get a cake walk ? 
  there is just one modern comparison though - argentina and that shows that it is certainly not the case of just returning to the markets . 
  lets play with teh thought that the greek debt is erased . 
  how will this change the fact that markets see greece as a leper ? 
  how will it make it less likely that the country returns to its old ways ? 
  on the contrary , a more assertive france is desperately needed . 
  they seem to like being fucked in the ass by their `` brother '' again and again , so let em , haha . 
  that is not how this will be viewed in greece , among politicians and media . 
  this will be spun into a narrative that the eu , ecb and imf are solely responsible for the current situation , and that they now area admitting that they need to fund greece with `` humanitarian aid '' . 
  hence , much more stalling on the greek side is to expect from now on , since they 'll expect to be rewarded . 
  that 's nice ai n't it ? 
  he can now show his voters that disregarding the previously made agreements actually pays of - that they can get money for free , if they just obstruct progress for long enough . 
  good job junker !, 
  not only that though , but it also validates the absolute mockery of the concept `` humanitarian crisis '' that they 've constructed . 
  i suppose by making greece a benchmark for a `` humanitarian crisis '' the whole of teh balkans is in a permanent `` humanitarian crisis '' then ? 
  im with op . 
  its simply incompetence packaged as something else . 
  as for the lip-service from foreigners - well they 're laughing all the way to the bank , since their companies can move in where ours are now excluded . 
  in principle though ; saudi-arabia is a medieval shithole that should be made into a parking loot , along with the rest of the arab peninsula . 
  their rulers , religious leaders et.al . 
  are filth . 
  awesome . 
  this is how civilized countries should deal with us inspired anti-vaxers . 
   maria rankka inner city liberal born with a silver spoon in her mouth suggesting outrageous stuff - everyday occurrence in swedish politics . 
  again , there is no reason as to why german exports should drop substantially . 
  that small southern markets ca n't import german goods is quite irrelevant when looking at the big picture . 
  why ? 
  as a result of a french wish to bind a unified germany to the eu , that instead ended up binding france behind germany . 
  you 're building your arguments on dumb premisses constructed just to support your anti-german bias . 
  why would any country , besides greece , suddenly stop importing german products and instead chose competing , non-german products ? 
  products that by the way , bar italian products , would be originate the north . 
  nah , rather its you who is quite hilarious , you 've bought into the pitiful narratives spun in greece completely . 
  you 're trying to argue in faviour of a system abolished almost 50 yeras ago , its just pathetic . 
  next thing you 'll probably parrot the shit about a `` marshall plan for greece '' , lol . 
  this assumes that they 'd allow for inflationary policy , as we 've seen the last 15 + years this is not the case , hence i do n't think it is a realistic view for the future . 
  i was refering to the user in question as a crackpot . 
  getting rid of the euro is the only option , otherwise we 'll end up with intra-ez cannibalism as we 've seen already to some extent . 
  should the ez remain , what will happen to french and italian industries ? 
  a lot of them ca n't compete with germany within the same currency , it will likely lead to creative destruction on such as scale is simply not feasible and realistic just to save the euro . 
  there is nothing even resembling uniformity in reform attitudes , attitudes to governance , supra-national aspects of economic governance , et.al . 
  within the ez - it is doomed to fail . 
  countries wo n't stop consuming german goods , seeing as they 're world leading in a great number of fields . 
  greece is not world leading in anything significant when it comes to industry . 
  if you ca n't accept simple economic reality then weill to bad for you . 
  you 're delusional if you think that somehow bretton woods is relevant in 2015 . 
  also keynesianism , yeah worked out well in the last cuple of years has n't it ? 
  lol . 
  about beggar-thy-neighbour policies - greece ca n't e in the same economic union as eu member states that are competitive in the global economy . 
  it has to leave the ez and go back to doing tourism and agriculture . 
  that is the only option . 
  i ca n't disagree about the technical stuff . 
  to this day the `` stability criteria '' ( hows that for an ironic name ) aint being observed , and to enforce it would be a laugh , i mean try telling france what to do . 
  the ez is basically a joke , its on its way towards some nasty stuff . 
  greece ca n't survive within the ez , neither can italy , and probably not portugal in the long run . 
  i simply do n't agree with the claim that there can be any trade balance . 
  it would entail countries willingly raising their unemployment rates , which would send those politicians out of office . 
  its simply not possible to do . 
  imo more reason to keep a hands of approach . 
  add to that turkish interests in bosnia . 
  its both a basket case and a can of worms that the eu should stay clear from . 
  i agree that it ca n't and wo n't . 
  my issue is with how you describe a bailout as some kinda fariytale thing that should have been done differently - it could n't . 
  no , no more `` growth strategies '' witch is another way of saying `` give us money '' . 
  honestly , in some cases 25 years + of regional support , cap , structural funds ai n't enough ? 
  how much high speed rail and how many airports can spain have ? 
  you ca n't invest away low market confidence anymore . 
  that time is in the past now . 
  you 're missing the point ; germany is a functioning state , while greece is n't . 
  it is as simple as that . 
  few will invest in greece since it is corrupt and riddled with red tape . 
  however , this aint the case in germany , rather it is a well functioning smooth machine . 
  this is why they ca n't be in the same curecny union , and why economic performance differ to such an extent , centris paribus . 
  we do n't use the euro , thank god for that btw . 
  economy is n't about being friendly . 
  while i agree that germany is basically predatory when it comes to gathering industries inside germany and making other countries reliant on them , both for equipment and service you 're essentially saying that germany ca n't have fiscal aims that contradicts southern needs , which is absurd . 
  i mean do remember in the early 2000s when germany was the `` sick man of europe '' and the south was skyrocketing , was the south `` friendly '' towards germany in terms of economic policy ? 
  nope . 
  it wo n't , i agree with the people that wants a haircut , since we all know that anything else is fairytales . 
  there is no need to `` recycle '' surpluses into deficit countries . 
  you make it sound like this is some kinda natural thing - taht responsible economies are supposed to fund dysfunctionality . 
  there is no political union regarding governance within the ez and that wo n't happen . 
  well the ez does n't work and it never will .
