  i suggest that you stop stalking ( lel ) me and head back to / r/sweden and defend gypsie beggars , oh sorry , `` eu-migrants '' , mass-immigration , giving former isis-fighters jobs , or whatever stupid crap it is you people rally in favour this week . 
  god almighty . 
  cheers , public sentiment seems to have changed to a more accepting view of the austerity programme after the syriza victory , as i understand it due to syriza portraying defiance at the home stage . 
  i know that earlier on the need for economic liberalisation has in the discourse been tied to arguments about it being neo-liberalism ( hence something alien to greece ) , this would still be the case then ? 
  ah , cheers , it is interesting that the clear connection between remaining in the ez and austerity does n't figure more in the debate , as it has started doing in italy . 
  so basically the monetary interests of the oligarchs still play a substantial role in framing present day discourse then ? 
  cheers for the response , has there been any recent discussions about the closed professions ? 
  i remember that stalling after the massive protests from both transport sector and taxi drivers . 
  i mean are the people in general on the side of the people in the closed professions or do they take a stance against them ? 
  about public assets , stuff like a land register should help , if they 've gotten that of the ground . 
  so you would say that in general people accept the reforms , but that the supra-national dimension of the loan agreement still in today 's discourse is what rallies people ? 
  i 've found this dichotomy interesting , that on one hand greeks are fully aware that the state is rotten to the core in some aspects , while reforms are resisted . 
  i agree that something has to be done , greece wo n't be able to repay the debt , that much should be crystal clear in brussels and berlin . 
  dear france , please , ca n't you do what you 're suppoed to do and balance out germany . 
  this german lead eu is a cluster fuck beyond belief . 
  to be fair those are of very good quality . 
  cheers for the reply , but isnt the wage cuts more a consequence of vested interest in greece presenting actual reforms , hence forcing successive governments to solely rely on wage and pension cuts ? 
  these are indeed good points , but if the cash aint gon na come from the ez , where from then ; what party would loan greece the funds needed ? 
  good points , though my question is more about how this is going to be possible , since the new greek governmnet has actual constraints in the budget . 
  what do the greek redditors think 's gon na happen ? 
  this in light of the discourse being vastly different inside greece than in the rest of the eu . 
  but dos n't reform have to include austerity ? 
  i mean there is an actual limit to what the greek government can do , due to budgetary constraints . 
  no , you missunderstand me . 
  i want to understand the discourse in greece today , after the syriza victory , against the background that it differs vastly from the discourse in the eu in general . 
  * like his euro zone colleagues , coene had a clear message for greece , saying : `` reform is the only way ... tell me where the money should come if the greeks do not want reform and do not want to repay other european countries ? 
  '' * i 'm honestly interested in hearing our greek redditors opinion on this , as the discourse in greece is * very * different from that in the rest of europe . 
  2edgy4me . 
  tin-foil hat detected . 
  about that energiewende ... 
  ah , muslims again , who could have guessed . . 
  of course [ livland is nordic ] ( http://sv.wikipedia.org/wiki/svenska_livland ) . 
  it is not that the eu will fall apart in a dramatic manner . 
  rather , the eu will be rendered irrelevant by national governing parties protecteing their standing , ahead of elections . 
  either way i welcome the collapse of the present eu . 
  france , thank you for stopping this madness . 
  if that cosmopolitan cunt is defending something , then that is enough to oppose it . 
  it is comforting to know that at least one other country has politicians as fucked up as ours . 
  lived there for some time , i really liked it even though/because it is caotic . 
  if you come from northen europ\u00e9 you * must * learn that crossing streets will entail running . 
  beyond on that - do n't eat in the most turisty places in palaka ( you 'll get ripped of ) , and if you see riot police having a green unifrom it means that protests may be a bit more violent than normal i.e.keep away from syntagma . 
  watching this party , comprised of fringe lunatics , getting blown up is satisfying . 
  though the question as to why the media decided to turn on a party that has previously [ completely escaped negative coverage ( pdf in swedish ) ] ( http://www.tns-sifo.se/media/508075/om_unders_kningen_2014-04-04.pdfv ) is interesting . 
  [ seems to be some other views on this ] ( http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/e1c32fee-07ca-11e6-a623-b84d06a39ec2.html#axzz46ddm5loc ) . 
  this from ft ( copy pasting due to paywall ) . 
   greece 's debt crisis looks familiar , but consequences may be worse  while europe 's political class has been consumed with preventing refugees from entering the eu and britain from exiting , the mother of all eu crises has slowly and quietly been gathering steam again : greece . 
   eurozone finance ministers will meet on friday after yet another round of fruitless talks in athens where almost nobody agreed on the way forward . 
   and just like the greek crisis that gripped the eu last year , there is a hard stop arriving very soon : unless athens receives its next round of bailout aid , it risks defaulting on $ 3.5 bn in debt payments in july , raising anew the agonising prospect of grexit . 
   how could this be happening again ? 
   after a series of increasingly desperate summits nearly a year ago , eu leaders agreed an $ 86bn bailout that pulled greece back from the brink . 
  just months later , a chastened alexis tsipras , the far-left prime minister who made his political bones railing against two similar eu rescues , won re-election promising to implement the harsh fiscal measures included in a third programme . 
   european commission officials were touting mr tsipras as a changed man ; shorn of his ornery finance minister yanis varoufakis , brussels convinced itself that the long-time radical had transformed into a diligent economic reformer . 
   but they overlooked the political realities in athens -- not to mention the financial realities of the bailout . 
   in fact , last summer 's deal was less a cure-all for greece 's economic woes than a collective kicking of the can down the road . 
  it avoided default by loaning athens $ 13bn very quickly in exchange for a narrowly focused set of pension and tax reforms . 
   even then , much of the heavy lifting was put off until the new programme 's first quarterly review -- including the politically combustible issue of debt relief . 
  as if to underline how ephemeral the deal was , the international monetary fund made clear it was not participating and would put off any decision on whether to join until it was certain mr tsipras , who had become the first leader of a developed country to default on an imf payment , would live up to his commitments . 
   that first quarterly review has now stretched into two additional quarters , and the three-dimensional stand-off between athens , berlin and the imf has only deepened . 
   while the imf has demanded a restructuring of greece 's debts , germany has suddenly decided that no debt relief is needed at all . 
  still , it has insisted the imf participate anyway . 
   meanwhile , the imf has decided the agreement reached in july was badly constructed and should have lower budget surplus targets . 
   as for mr tsipras , he has returned to an angry , defensive crouch , railing against outside forces . 
   there is little political capacity in athens to push through additional reforms or spending cuts even if mr tsipras wanted to . 
   `` europe 's politicians have been distracted with other challenges and markets have become complacent about the inherent risks in greece 's new bailout , '' said mujtaba rahman , head of european analysis at the eurasia group risk consultancy . 
  `` but if berlin does n't revise its approach , this is going to blow up in everyone 's faces . ''  ecb board member joerg asmussen said wednesday that europe would consider additional aid to greece if athens makes progress on cutting its budget deficit and meets all the terms of its bailout deal . 
   after six years of recession , we are laying the foundations for recovery , writes alexis tsipras  the players , the arguments and even the choreography have changed little since last year . 
  but the consequences of failure may have . 
   a year ago , eu leaders felt confident they had ringfenced greece and that a grexit , while severely damaging to the greek economy , would have little impact on the rest of the eurozone . 
   now , however , they are deeply worried about the prospect of a failed eu member state with 50,000 syrian , iraqi and afghan refugees stuck in deteriorating camps -- a state the rest of the bloc is looking to as a front line against the influx of migrants into europe . 
   and then there 's britain . 
  senior eu officials are acutely aware that another ugly greece fight just as britons go to the polls on june 23 to decide on whether to stay in the eu would not help their cause . 
  one official involved in the talks said euclid tsakalotos , the greek finance minister , has been warned to wrap up a deal by the end of may -- or be ready for radio silence until june 24 . 
   in the end , these pan-european political realities make another greek agreement all the more likely . 
  but that does not mean it will be pretty . 
  how did you manage to equate social classes to corruption ? 
  these are separate issues . 
  serbia is in the shits due in part to the bad loans taken from the russians , and the national industries that have been sold to the russians . 
  government auhority . 
  happy revolution day !, 
  i 'd never be up that early . 
  my day is as follows : wake up at 8.30 , at work 9.20 break at 9.50 back to pretenting to work 10.05 lunch 12.00 back to pretending to work at 12.45 break at 14.45 back to pretending to work at 15.00 goinng home at 17.00 dinner at 18.00 excersise 20.00-21 .00 generally fucking about 21.00-24 .00 . 
  sleep at 24.00, 
  soon it has to be time to round these people ( muslims living in the eu ) up and dump them in a place like libya , which could n't do anything about it . 
  which of these backwards hellholes were `` improving '' ? 
  i had no idea a place like l'est\u00e9rel existed , very tempted to visit it . 
  this is true . 
  what people coming here arent getting is that we 're only being polite , a lot of us do n't actually like you , unless you 're a neigbour , since we do like them , as they are like us . 
  though , for the rest , a lot of us are not really intrested in your country , what you do , what you eat , your obnoxious ways , what you think of our country etc , . 
  if a lot of us say some like `` oh , that 's so interesting '' , it actually means `` omg , can this foreigner shut his trap and get out of my hair , jesus christ almighty '' . 
  you will know whether this is the case should the swede you talk to be overly polite ( look at the facial expressions ) while at the same time seem like he/she wants to create some distance between you . 
  come on guys !, 
  just wait a few more years and the euro-zone will function as intended . 
  all ez-states will converge , both politically , economiclly and institutinally and new era of prosperity will promptly begin . 
  the ez will be a global power house which all international actors have to listen to , makiing euorope a relevant actor on the world stage once again . 
  well he is right , it is a country that has three separate consitutions ( one for each major etno-religious group ) , a rotating precedency between aforementioned groups and ethno-religious parties that soley caters to their specific group . 
  as icing on the cake a part o the country is hellbent on breaking free . 
  bosnia will never work as a state . 
  it is almost as bad as kosovo . 
  they did n't magically come all the way up there , the responsiblity lies with the fucks in continental eu , the point of entry , that has let them all the way up here . 
  our inept govt .
