  just do the god damn haircut and be done with it . 
  as i stated , it is known , hardly new facts . 
  still not the same issue as the revolving door though . 
  yes it is , i mean this has been shown to be false time and time again , look at wall street self regulating , they only wrecked the world economy - case in point . 
  also , i 'm gon na link some studies whwn i have the time , but that has also been proven wrong time and time again - to outscrouse federal government jobs to the private sector in the us has accomplished higher costs , lower quality and less efficieny in terms of time i.e. 
  fail + fail + fail . 
  also , the government is there to serve the people and their needs , not cooperations ... 
  i mean the cases of bad food in the us is far more common , ourbreaks of god knows what that kills a substancial amount each year . 
  yes we have better control than you have simply because we mostly enfoence standards and atually ahve regulations in place . 
  this said sure wer do have fucked up stuff . 
  again , i 'll link some studies over these issues when i have the time . 
  as i understand it he had artillery pieces ( lol ) that made the cops angy . 
  according to districts local news : http://www.varnamonyheter.se/varnamo-kommun/militaren-pa-plats-vid-villan-i-varnamo#.uv0rijwplmi still do n't think the police should be able to take all the guns though . 
  the ones that were stored properly shoudl be returned . 
  that said the incompetence our our police knows no bounds . 
  there is a whole sleve of documentarys and books on the subject . 
  not only related to food , but the us government in general , lobbists and money have hijacked your legislative process . 
  to deny this is to delude yourself . 
  sure , that is well konown , though it is general corruption , not the same kinda issue as the total cave in to corporate interest that you have in the us . 
  basically the highest bidder sets the food standard in the us . 
  this is not the case in europe . 
  he had licences . 
  if the guns were stored properly there is no reason for the god damn government to take his property . 
  he is a 70 year old man with an obvious collectors interest , not a terrorist . 
  god i hate my country sometimes . 
  ofc both have their failings , though i do beleive the us ones are far worse , simply because money talks over there , due to both lobbyists and the revolving dooor ( pizza being a vegitable as an example ... ), 
  as i said , institutions caught by lobbyists . 
  ofc , the whole country is caught by the likes of the koch brothers et.al . 
  it is absurd . 
  also , the food that contains huge amounts of that stuff , like fast food is just extremely unhealthy . 
  add to this a whole lot of gmo-food , and the addatives in the food you 'll find in a regual american super market , it is kinda scary stuff . 
  still , they had a set of macro tools avaliable . 
  more people in here belives in ghosts than the euro according to some polls so , no , we wo n't join the failed currency-union . 
  congratulations , from now on your macro economics will to a degree be decided by the needs of germany and france . 
  still trust our institutions more than the us ones that are cought by lobbyists , resulting in stuff like `` pink slime '' and a whole sleve of products with high fructose corn syrup et.al . 
  its all a german plot to misscredit the heroic greek nation . 
  we 'll see what happens when a french or german bank is on the ropes . . 
  it has jailed more journalists and disidents than china , that is hardly beeing ` free ' . 
  i 'm all swedish . 
  how so ? 
  also , `` typical '' situation that is hardly something usual . 
  no its not , not at the absolute level of corruption that you 'll find in greece , it is unique for greece ( and in part spain ) in that bribes exist on every single level , just as the person in this article deomstrates . 
  yes . 
  i agree about the financial system . 
  this said not about the otehr part , if they ca n't pay for these systems they ca n't have them , the rest of us are i no way obligated to pay for southern opulance . 
  i do n't care about morality , rather i 'm telling how it works in the real world . 
  thtat is how you do business in greece , stuff like honest tenders for public contracts simply does not exist . 
  if you do n't bribe you might as well save yourself the trouble of getting involved . 
  this is still the case btw . 
  the structural reforms are a consequnece of a macro enonomic straitjacket , this is undeniable . 
  as for social engineering - the failure to actually implement refoms , battle corruption et.al . 
  really speaks against that . 
  rather we see culturally based restistance to reforms . 
  what new ( vialbe ) policy options ? 
  within the ez those are the sole policy options avaliable.the euro ca n't work since the markets do n't see it as a single unit in regards to interest rates anymore . 
  it is that simple really . 
  the pre-crisis codnitions that propped up the euro will not return . 
  ah , thanks . 
  i doubt something will change though , unless the different etnicities will collaborate in this rioting , and they most likely wo n't . 
  well i do n't know ... though there seems to be a common denominator , something that constrains the individual countries policy options , that makes them unable to compete on a regional level ... no idea what it is though ... ca n't possilby be the brilliant euro that `` bridges the gaps '' in europe though ... no . . absolutely not . . 
  hmm , there has to have been some kinda critical issue though ? 
  i mean those issue are rampant thoughout the whole of the balkans . 
  ah , interesting , i would had though that the serb side would have been the one to revolt , this since they 're isolated and with any hope of change . 
  what is the most pressing issue for the bosniaks ? 
  wich one of the different etnicities is it that is rioting ? 
  do n't think so , i mean the shitstorm is bound to intensify , warranted or not . 
  as a host country to be able to lessen the popularity of itself by arranging the olympics is an achivement . 
  who cares , society evolves , and along with it both norms and values . 
  there is no rosey worlds of days past to find in regards to these issues . 
  also , the previous , restrictive laws in spain did n't work . 
  ah , thought it 'd be that rugby for pussies thing the us alone sees as a ` sport ' . 
  my answer inplied that the gov. 
  probably thinks that , i would n't be surpised at all . 
  yes it shoudl serve as a warning . 
  sadly you 're probably right . 
  no , they 've simply chosen to to disregards public opinion . 
  not only in regards to defence , but also on questions such as `` should turkey be a member of the eu '' , in the relevans surveys they people says no , while the parties has decided on a yes . 
  the german political climate is a braeth of fresch air compared to ours . 
  it is likely , since the old right has abandoned everything in favour of social liberaislm . 
  hence they 've left the field comletely open on everything from school discipline to defence . 
  no , you end up with bascially one policy option , and susggestions on how to fix stuff that is bacially the same crap with a few minor details that differs . 
  as an example : our defence is on the verge of systemic collapse , but 7 parties has decided that it is not a problem , hence no one will speak of it . 
  this is what happens , and it is in no way good . 
  yeah , also , it is confined to a very small clique of people , often from generations of joruanlists or politicans . 
  they do n't care what the rest of us think , and if you dare say anything you can lose your job/union memebership due to not following the `` v\u00e4rdegrund '' . 
  it is undemocratic as fuck . 
  non-existant political debate on almost every important topic due to ; 1 ) every party flocking in the middle of the political spectrum - 2 ) a concencus culture gone horribly wrong 3 ) pc-political and media climate that hinders real discussion outside a narrow box of ` accepted ' politically etsblished ` truths ' as an example on above see the trainwreck at full speed that is the swedish school system . 
  no , it is in essance a religiolus debate with the church and pp on one end and womens rights groups et.al . 
  on the other . 
  spain is a chatolic country and pp has sides with the church , that 's it really . 
  they want to roll back legistlation due to it not matching religiolus belifs . 
  it has nothing to do with philosophy . 
  i actually agree with a russian , for once . 
  no , its not a complex debate . 
  rather it is religious people trying to force their religiolus beflifs onto others , hence limiting womens choise due to beliefs in their own fairy tales , this makes them bad persons . 
  this often veiled in psudo-debates on what that constitutes life et.al . 
  no , in the western world its just dumb regressives who 're trying to bring about the dark ages around again . 
  such as the church in poland or the tea party in the us . 
  do n't create a common currency . 
  ** sweden , h\u00e4lsingland ** : [ regional song , poor quality though ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=axjcdszywls ),
