  the map you yourself provided proves the opposite !, 
  cute , i could turn that around and say that you should look at egypt . 
  you 're just trying a bad attempt at ` whataboutism ' . 
  you should look at the links you provide before submitting them , like this map on prevalence , now go and look on the countries were the prevalence is the highest , and also , while you 're at it look whether the counties with lesser prevalence has sizeable muslim minorities ; http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/female_genital_mutilation#mediaviewer/file:fgm_in_africa.svg likewise , i know facts wo n't convince you since you are probably so doctrinaire that people might take you for a living joke . 
  i dare you to compare the prevalence of fgm between christian and muslim countries . 
  yeah , and our elites can go back to discussing the important stuff , issues like gender neutral daycare centres , or gender neutral words . 
  they like to fight the good fight . 
  oh you mean letting southern europe of the hook in order for them to continue functioning like third world countries ? 
  how about no . 
  oddly enough i do n't see the usual relativists that we see at r/sweden here . 
  this is a bunch of somalians who are doing their standard cultural practises . 
  swedish media will bend over backwards in the days to come to relativize this , or ignore it completely , nothing in-between . 
  this since to suggest that stone age somali `` culture '' should be curtailed is akin to being racist in this country . 
  yey multiculturalism !, 
  no , its not irrelevant , if you want to do an international comparison the terrible categories that the migrationboard uses are useless . 
  do remember that they kinda use an honour system were they ( incredible as it sounds ) uses a kind of `` trust system '' were if a person says that he is from say afghanistan they actually go by what he stays , rather than investigating it , this is the `` synnerligen \u00f6mmande omst\u00e4ndigheter '' and `` skyddsbeh\u00f6vande '' by in large . 
  hence those categories are nothing but dumb constructions to conceal the problems . 
  no its not , if a syrian has the money to go here he is not the one in need , not at all , rather he is in the upper classes . 
  some got sentences , but seeing as our justice system is in shambles it was a slap on the wrist at best . 
  again , you are trying to scew the issue , that table is irrelevant . 
  if we look at last year about 110 k persons immigrated , of these about 10-15 % were refugees in accordance with the un criterias . 
  most relatives arent from from syria , but rather somalia , that is n't a warzone anymore , it actually ash a government et.al now . 
  no we dont need to take those , we have no obligation to . 
  as for syrians , those are the part of our quota refugees . 
  you make it seem that all of the immigration is related to refugees , it is not . 
  the amount of actual refugees account for about 10-15 % of the total immigration on a yearly basis , not the lot of it like you make it out to be . 
  yeah i am , there is no reason to multiply immigration by that extent , we also do n't have any obligation to allow these people in , or any obligation to pay for them . 
  a mixture of denial , being naive in general and in part to blame it on the majority society via faire tales of `` structural discrimination '' . 
  this in a country with some of the most generous social welfare benefits available , i.e. 
  they are marginalized by choice . 
  this is their way to `` wage war '' against the majority society , just like the do in the banlieues around paris , or the suburbs of london , there is nothing more to it . 
  well that 's a load of shit if i ever saw it . 
  why do n't you bring forth the `` anh\u00f6righetsinvandring '' , the zisable part of economic migrants , the fact that the migrationboard do n't have an acceptable background check , or how grown men are supposed to be `` youth '' et.al ? 
  i honestly ca n't give a complete answer . 
  i would say that it is because of the fact that the people in charge never really faces the reality , rather they all , along with media et.al . 
  live in a geographical and socially confined area , in which separate norms have developed . 
  it is like dealing with a bunch of zealots . 
  neither can a lot of us who live here ... 
  oh please , the sweden democrats are comparable to csu , pp and unp in terms of politics . 
  the article is sensationalized . 
  i 'm not advocating any cluster-fuck society like the us , rather a moderation of the all encompassing welfare state . 
  this is also something that is supported by the swedish public , that work should pay of simply put . 
  likewise free choice is appreciated . 
  well i dunno if i want to be flanked by you people , but if we somehow can get finland , vorpommern and livland we have a deal . 
  begs to differ ; http://www.economist.com/news/leaders/21571136-politicians-both-right-and-left-could-learn-nordic-countries-next-supermodel, 
  this a first place i 'm very happy to hand over to you dear neighbours . 
  stability the same way north korea is stabile , does n't make soviet society any more legitimate in the eyes of the citizens in occupied states , such as estonia . 
  also , almost every good that came out of the soviet union was an inferior good ( to use macro lterms ) , from the stuff in grocery shops to the way of government , virtually everything was an inferior good that the citizens wanted to replace with the western version . 
   being in the soviet sphere of influence also had positives , like what ? 
  it does n't . 
  also , it omits how of the subs was n't completely straight , lol . 
  our top three guesses for your english dialect : 1 . 
  south african 2 . 
  us black vernacular / ebonics 3 . 
  american ( standard ) our top three guesses for your native ( first ) language : 1 . 
  norwegian 2 . 
  swedish 3 . 
  hungarian, 
  just like cameron has made clear no one has elected junker to anything . 
  why the **** would anyone choose such a divisive figure as head of the ec ? 
  just look at his track record handling the ez crisis , he did n't exactly show much leadership qualities . 
  people should , especially since it the only state that has ( in real terms ) completed the austerity programme and actually done what it was supposed to . 
  yes , i agree that the state had its problems , but the groundwork were there , this both in influence from near states , and importantly ireland had both a civil society and a political culture that was able to grasp the need for change , and adopt it . 
  i am very sceptical , if it actually worked most of the times it would n't be such a contentious point , but it does not , and a host of the aid goes to letting farmers and fishermen pretend that it is still the 1920 's or structural funds that builds roads , railways or docks were not needed . 
  add to this that the inner market still does n't work in regards to public tenders et.al . 
  i do n't think most of us see the benefit at all , me included . 
  that is true , thanks for pointing it out , i completely forgot the best ( and one of very few ) example of when eu-policies actually works , ireland that is . 
  in the case of ireland though the structure in civil society , political culture et.al . 
  was there from the get go , it only needed a long push . 
  this is sadly not the case in the states i mentioned . 
  lol , a greek mouthing of about riots is hilarious . 
  why do n't you focus on exarchia and omonia and then come back . 
  a larger state has a larger gdp , this is as new and interesting as the fact that the sun is hot . 
  if you look at the relevant index , you 'll find spain on place 36 , just behind bahrain , slightly ahead of kuwait . 
  look a bit further down still and you 'll find italy . 
  nope , its just the harsh truth , have a look yourself about ( edit : note that the link to economic facts goes to a huge pdf ) [ economic competitiveness ] ( http://www3.weforum.org/docs/wef_globalcompetitivenessreport_2012-13.pdf ) or [ corruption ] ( http://www.transparency.org/country ) . 
  i could go on and spam different indexes , reports and such , but cba . 
  the balkan states are the perfect example of states that does not learn ( bar slovenia , and croatia ) . 
  these states just use the language of change , as a means to an end . 
  their political culture , view of institutions , view of the states role in society , civil society et.al . 
  does not change through the prospect of eu-membership , or actual eu-membership . 
  they view the eu as a cash cow , you 'll see this if you look at bulgarian and greek politicians , who dress their speeches in eu-language as a vehicle for their own special interests , but still wo n't do anything when the eu is n't looking . 
  this also applies to spain . 
  the eu has learned nothing . 
  it has never worked before . 
  still today spain and greece are near banana-republics , italy is ungovernable , and they all are corrupt on a level close to african states . 
  the only success stories we got are the baltic 's , and some central european states , all states that desperately wished to return to their historical `` neighbourhood '' and hence did what they were supposed to . 
  to incorporate a state built on etno-religious tensions reflected in teh constitution such as bosnia , a mafia state like albania ( and montenegro for that matter ) , a failed state run by organ runners , like kosovo , or a state at odds with every neighbour , like macedonia seems like a joke . 
  it is not beneficial at all , the eu ca n't even get long term members to reform , and to be brutally honest , the flood of gypsies from romania and bulgaria that litter virtually every major european city today will be much , much worse are these countries to join . 
  add to this criminal organizations form the balkans et.al . 
  just no . 
  why are close to failed states like bosnia , albania and macedonia even being considered , did the eu learn nothing from bulgaria and romania ? 
  yeah , the cap , regional funds and whatnot would surely have prevented this . 
  * `` russians in kazakhstan , the baltic states , and even lowly moldova encounter daily hostility , paying for decisions the soviet union made without consulting them as it played great-power politics . 
  this article is just a bad kremlin propaganda piece . 
  i do n't think it is , this years group is slanted towards the republicans , who are poised to win enough races to take the senate , even with tea party challengers making the races more uncertain than usual . 
   probably around the time sweden joins oh , you mean you 're never gon na join . 
  * `` the programme , which will fund additional us military rotations to europe , will need congressional approval . 
  '' * well come the midterms and this will never happen , when the gop gets both houses . 
  this is just an empty promise by obama .
