  as for military contracts , france is still building the war ships , and germany only closed down the training centre after pressure . 
  as for the ukrainian economy it is still a trainwrek , even it the eu could unite it still ca n't absorb the country in any meaningful way . 
  they should n't have done these bizarre defence cuts in the first place , both our political `` blocks '' are filled with incompetent halfwits . 
  anyone listening to established analysts have known for years that the russian posture towards the near region was going back to normal , that russia for some time has had the capability to project power against an indecisive and divided counterpart . 
  our astonishingly incompetent government is just embarrassed that it was caught with its pants down . 
  so how is the supposed world power fairing when dealing with ukraine ? 
  its nowhere to be fucking seen , very little has changed since the balkan wars . 
  the eu is still , at best , an inept forum for cooperation were national interests reign supreme . 
  is n't it time to fire that damp rag anyway ? 
  besides costing money he is nearly useless . 
  the same goes for ashton . 
  swedish -  nordic/scandinavian -  `` northener '' -  european in a very vague sence . 
  i should have been more clear , i meant intrustries that develops own weapon systems . 
  good looking women . 
  you have a stand alone weapons industry ? 
  i 'd say that those of us who are n't using gas to a notable extent would be uninterested . 
  especially since there is talk about `` solidarity mechanisms '' . 
  haha yeah , that was a fantastically grandiose play looking like a world power without any substance . 
  indeed it does , as an idea it does exist still , only like two years ago there was this idea of the south `` demanding '' a `` southern solution '' and an end to the austerity , i.e. 
  the medditerrenan countries banding togheter demanding different policy ( northen money ) . 
  this said , once france found out it would be with the countries footing the bill it died down * very * fast . 
  cheers !, 
  it actually was reapolitics , france saw its infleucne in decline in relation to germany and wanted to get new allies in the council to counter german / northen initiatives that has been more common for some time . 
  hence , france pushed to get bulgaria and romania into the eu , thinking that they had made two allies that would be loyal to france . 
  that is what blew up in their faces , this since bulgaria is a maffia state , and romania , well , it dos n't work . 
  to be fair though it was france who pushed for tbulgaria and romani to get into the eu , to gain trusty allies . 
  no need to say that blew up in their faces . 
  you would n't happen to have any good links to info about this ? 
  i 'd like to read up a bit on that . 
  but clean coal ... 
  general media repoting about both the uk , germany , italy et.al . 
  and corporate interests . 
  as i 've understood it , that applies as long as it does not affect the financial district . 
  do correct me if i am wrong though . 
  this is sadly the reality we live in . 
  both nato and the eu are paper tigers . 
  i mean obama ca n't muster the needed support at home , there is just no way . 
  also , the eu ... germany , italy , spain and a few , would simply would never priorotize the baltics . 
  yeah ... 
  i think they uk is gon na have some issues with that i.e. 
  it wo n't happen . 
  i 'm not putting any value into it . 
  i 'm just stating the obvious . 
  this article ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/238zt7/europes_resolve_to_impose_tough_sanctions_on/ ) basically sums up what we need to know . 
  honestly , delussions about the eu as some kinda global actor should be stopped . 
  the eu is as much of a paper tiger as it has always been , it is done for in this respect . 
  it 's long overdue to pick that up . 
  i wish we would shore up the baltics more . 
  we could easily send more aircraft , and some sea unit as well . 
  maybe a sub and place our spying ship a bit closer to kaliningrad . 
  this article provides a nice insight into us commitment to the conflict , and unwillingness to engage russia . 
  whitout us interest and support what exactly can europe do ? 
  no , it has not changed . 
  this is a trend we 've seen since at least 2008 i.e. 
  nothing new . 
  its in the open now , but the behaviour was there way back . 
  no , his legitimacy stopped when he tried to incorporate the country in teh russian customs union . 
  also , its quite the difference to actually size territory , as compared with doing away witht he president . 
  ofc it should !, 
  russia dose n't have the autority to go in and break up a country at will . 
  honestly , what kind of arugmetn is this ? 
  the ukranian parliament that was elected through democratic elections is still in place , its only the president that has been done away with . 
  how on earth is russia trying to break up state through inciting violence the same as the citizens of a country protesting ? 
  the scots are , some polls say , on the verge of leaving , and the public seems to actually belieive ukip . 
  also , unlike you lot we do n't have `` sharia councils '' . 
  true , and boy you do need it . 
  this since your country is poised to split , and at that perhaps leave the eu . 
  have fun !, 
  i do n't know what 's worse . 
  being asthmatic like us , or , as is the case of britain having the financial districts dick so long up your ass that if they cum you spit . 
  i have waited for this for a while now , thanks for the link !, 
  ofc there is the whole spectrum of opinions , but there are countries that are pro russian traditionally . 
  it borders four eu-member states , i think that makes it central enough to call the confilct to be in the middle of europ\u00e9 . 
  my keyboard does it for soem reason and i cba change it . 
  this article illustrates that even now , about 20 years after the break out of the yugoslav conflict we still have a europ\u00e9 that is divided and helpless at the onset of a conflict in the middle of europ\u00e9 . 
  national interests will always trumph supposed european unity . 
  eu-countries like mine , that sees russia as the enemy , will not be able to create a common position with eu-countries who favour russia . 
  its likely just a matter of time . 
  belarus is basically putins only option avaliable to shore up a beachead in europe . 
  it 'll also function as a display of the russian model of society in eruope , since the ukraine is turning away from taht model of society . 
  it is completely within the russian sphere of influence without any support from the west and its army is equiped with old soviet crap . 
  the russians woul n't break a sweat in taking it over . 
  ofc he does . 
  afer all , he knows that belarus is next . 
  there is an easy fix , why wo n't they just move to the cleporatic shithole that is their dream ? 
  i hardly think the estonians will shred any tears . 
  i do n't think so , though i could be wrong . 
  it is an interesting aspect , that our left still are `` nyttiga idioter '' for kreml to this day . 
  you know what , i do n't have time to check that at work so i just respond to the inbox but yeah , you\u00e4 're right now when i look at it . 
  good call . 
  you mean because of the '' - ism '' ? 
  you 're probably right about that . 
  looking at world news it is quite clear at times . 
  in some of our national media outlets some of the stuff posted is utrageous and clearly coordinated . 
  i mean russia is our arch-enemy since 100s of years and still you 'll see heavily pro-russian messages with the same basic `` whataboutism '' structure also importantly repeating different talking points ( us republican tactic to drill a message in ) . 
  us concervtives aprove of it due to putins approach being a realist approach to ir . 
  to interveen before a potenteial threat is also a russian variant of the bush doctrine of pre-emptive strike . 
  that is exactly what i mean , great example !, 
  look at the user post-hsitory as well . 
  ca n't believe i missed it reading the thread .
