  i 'd say palme , he did destory the country with his reforms . 
  while i agree that that the ecb exacerbated the crisis , at the same time it could n't just print money from the get go , it did n't have support from ms , or the regulatory framework needed . 
  the thing is that even if spain had a low debt/gdp ratio is economy was built of graft and eu funds for massive projects , and had so been for almost 20 years . 
  as for italy ( and portugal ) , the euro have been a disaster , its more or less been in a recession since its introduction , and its not turning around due to a host of reasons . 
  i would say taht the bottomline is that the ez is build on make-believe . 
  there is no way , even today , 5 years and counting into the crisis , that it 'll be fixed , since they wo n't agree about eurobonds , france wo n't reform , italy never could , and greece , whilst irrelevant is run by people so corrupt that you 'd think you are in the middle east . 
  as for general economic governance in teh ez , it simply dos n't exist , since the regulatory framework isn ' applies consistently thoughout the ez , and the quality of government varies far too much between ms. 
  i do n't agree . 
  the artificially low interest rates caused by the euro in greece and spain meant that the countries did n't have to reform , it also entrenched faulty governance practices , and to an extent enabled them to `` live on lease '' . 
  as much of cluster fuck as that was , it is the financial sector that caused the structural issues plaguing the south , or that makes france unable to reform . 
  i 'd like the old efta with the baltics thrown in the mix as an alternative . 
  that 'd also leave the germans to deal and finance the eh south , which i 'd take delight ( schadenfreude ) in seeing . 
  your deductive skills are too much for me to handle . 
  i wish you could make that happen , i truly do . 
  nah , the result from our referendum stands , and there is an majority against joining . 
  we 'll leave the fun of having an economic union with spain and italy run by germany to you lot . 
  i do n't think we could handle the shear brilliance of eurozone governance . 
  nice to hear , i do certainly hope that the 5 year and counting economic instability ai n't too taxing , and i 'm sure it 'll turn around , some day , in the distant future . 
  i hear you have this eurozone , is it working out well ? 
  its dishonest fucking reporting , meant to give the current policy an air of public acceptance while the fucking study shows that a larger percentage say that they wan na have it remain the same or less , wich would be more prudent to report . 
  that is bullshit . 
  our prime minister , and a lot of party heads and journalists along with him are [ davos men ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/davos_man#.22davos_man.22 ) , or equally bad , former communists hellbent on undermining the country through setting the agenda in various media . 
  studies show that an overwhelming percentage ( about 70 ) of journalist are extreme leftists . 
  its one party against 7 other partys who wants to ** increase ** migration . 
  no they wo n't , kim knows that his reign is over the moment he gives the order to strike , his equipment is so antiquated that it 'd almost be like fighting the same army as in the koran war . 
  china will be aggressive whether the us likes it or not . 
  china establishing itself as the regional hegemon , we 've seen that for years , the us has little sway outside of japan , and the recently opened base in the philippines . 
  no . . not us regular people , our elites , local and national on the other hand are the people that 'd scream racism at an unlit street . 
  they are a bunch of fucking idiots , beyond any form of redemption . 
  well if it is n't our well-functioning multiculturalism in action . 
  kinda supersized it was here in uppsala , would have guessed malm\u00f6 . 
  this will naturally be silenced in our own media , or relativised in a way that the poor and oppressed muslim youth who `` were ` passionate about ` palestine '' , were provoked by the inconsiderate , and probably racist swede , or some similar bullshit . 
  the us is not alone in nato . 
  you should read about [ the last time nato and russia faced of ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/incident_at_pristina_airport ) , and place this quote in context ; * `` jackson refused to enforce clark 's orders , reportedly telling him i 'm not going to start the third world war for you . 
  '' * this is also , sadly , what would happen this time , even if the context is different and narva was to be a target , and even though its a part of a nato country . 
  you are right about that , my government is run a bunch of spineless hipsters completely detached from reality . 
  i have no delusions about anything contrary to that . 
  it could lead to war in korea now could it ? 
  with players like china , russia , japan all likely getting rapidly involved , no , it would not . 
  how can you deduce something that absurd ? 
  the kim regime know that it 'd be toast were it to start shit up , since china would n't lift a finger to protect it . 
  its not a `` track record '' that is even remotely relevant when facing russia , what is it you do n't understand about this ? 
  this aint iraq , afghanistan central america or whatever . 
  it is a completely different game . 
  are you seriously saying with straight face that would russia go in and stir shit up in narva , ( the most likely target ) , that us troops and nato under article 5 would act ? 
  on a side note , citing a `` track record '' `` from 1776 '' is bizarre seeing as the british and french ( and to soem extent germany and austria-hungary ) was the relevant global powers until ww1 , not the us . 
  before that the us really ca n't be counted as a major military power in any way . 
  actually he does , looking at the gop hopefulls he stands a pretty good chance , also a lot of his to be competition holds similar views . 
  discussing stuff like this with the bald-eagle-flag waving-support the troops us patriots on reddit is like banging your head against a wall . 
  what did they expect when giving army type vehicles to small towns , this one with 20 000 people . 
  they even made a no fly zone over the area , as if the protestors would have a sam-site or something . 
  also , those cops do n't serve the us public , they serve the prison industry , gun lobbyists , crazy ass southern local politicians whims and shit like that . 
  to keep the public safe is probably more of a nuisance for those police officers . 
  i 'd bet you that a lot of them are ex-military as well . 
  god almighty . 
  yeah mitt romney is relevant in today 's gop , yeah right ... 
  it is not at the present , you should know that the narrative is that europe should make it on its own . 
  also , the us has its asia pivot , it has budget constraints , and isolationists in the gop . 
  just take up a journal and do some reading . 
  i do n't give a crap about your history , its not indicative of any potential action vs. russia in any way whatsoever . 
  you know , since your `` history '' does n't involve a nuclear power that has adapted the former nato strategy of forcing negotiations with tactical nukes were push come to showe in a potential confrontation with nato . 
  the headline of this article should tell you what you need to know . 
  in addition to that its kinda common knowledge that nato has been in an existential crisis for years , you seem completely oblivious . 
  no you wo n't , because of the gop , they 'd never agree to confront russia over eastern europe , its position is often that europe should fend for itself . 
  also , if you did n't notice your country is wholly run by money since citizens united , and that money is heavily invested in russia and will not stand to lose profits . 
  stop being so god damn naive . 
  yeah teh swedish one is an old disused traditional farm house , not used for long long time so no . . its not indicative of poverty ... 
  swing and a miss . . 
  i 'm sure that what remains of the ukraine will be thrilled to work with the eu , after all of this lovely support . 
  this probably also goes for the baltics , whom are seeing such fine companionship from its dear fellow member states . 
  not to mention the eastern partnership , they must be thrilled . 
  i do n't think the main opposition party will be as fanatical as he is , i mean its just bizarre , the stuff he and his fraction of the party is doing . 
  he 'll likly resign after the election , and his fraction within m will lose all credibility without him and borg , hence we 'll hopefully see a real conservative in charge of teh party . 
  i just want this madman out of office , he 's doubled the early intake since he came info office , i 'd hope that an 's ' prime minister would have to cave into labour unions . 
  though , you 're right about those greens . 
  there wo n't be any stable majority government after the election , and he 'll most likely resign . 
  this opens up the possibility for a more traditional right wing leader , in line with his predecessors , that will deal with the nationalist party . 
  no , its a huge drain on our budget as it is , period . 
  he is beyond insane , though luckily he 'll only be prime minister for another month . 
  on a bright note , this is a golden gift for the nationalist party , that is sure to profit from it . 
  and that matters how exactly ? 
  what good has come out of the ` pro-eu ' camp ? 
  the eurozone is failed prestige project , with a recession 5 years and counting in the making . 
  also , the eu has spend the last 9 + months proving that it ca n't even impact a civil war and russian aggression in the middle of europe . 
  the eu needs more british rationality and leadership , not less of it . 
  germany wo n't lead , beyond its business interests , france has lost clout for decades , and had it not been for its size no one would ever care about the italians , since they ca n't run their own country properly . 
  what 's good about this ? 
  i do n't really like that the brits leaving us alone with those incompetents . 
  in what way ? 
  yeah thats the same ... you seem to be completely disconnected from reality . 
  poor ` palestinians ' who ca n't fire rockets from schools due to the `` unfair '' israeli missile defence . 
  both comments and articles , der spiegel english is a good example . 
  also , only yesterday did merkel go out and catered to russia , again . 
  no , it reflects the sentimate in germany , just go read random major german paper on the ukraine . 
  looking at most germans here at / europe that 's precisely what they want , after all , its good for their exports . 
  of course there is , its whatever fits the interests of germany , france , britain and italy . 
  you know what i mean with destabilizing the ukraine , do n't play dumb . 
  well then you think the eu should just fold and give in to putin , and let him make it into another frozen conflit . 
  then what ? 
  as do we .
