  i know there has been complaints from mostly young entrepreneurs about new rules and taxes that are way too punishing . 
  the government seems to have been forced to back down though after protests from two major groups . 
  brioche does n't make for a good title though . 
  oh gosh , i guess france dos n't have any problems , it is totally keeping up both with german influence and economy . 
  i mean just look at that gini coefficient !, 
  ( and horribly bad comparisons ) . 
  yeah , everything is fine . 
  if we instead look at a real alternative to bnp ( hdi ) we 'll see an exellent result , but nonetheless a result heading in the wrong direction . 
  this partly due to the indications innovation & technology as well as trade , economy and income . 
  fact of the matter is that hollande does not seem to have any direction at home . 
  if france is not to undertake any long term reforms such as those recommended by louis gallois ( see the article ) what would the alternative be , more dirigisme perhaps ? 
  or why not more domestic bailouts such as with psa ? 
  this dos n't change anything though . 
  the 2009 greek deficit of about 14,2 % did n't fall down from the sky one day , it is still a product of greek policies decided on by greek politicians . 
  also , i 've yet to hear a viable alternative to austerity . 
  not yet , but it certanly is n't really going in the right direction now is it , or perhaps france has magically began to reform over night . 
  cute . 
  if you think joining a failing currency union as a very small country ( and in the process losing every fiscal tool avaliable ) seems like good idea then you might wan na stay away from these topics lil boy . 
  it 'll just be an additional burden to re-introduce their own currency again as i see it . 
  so the ez is really desperate for new bailout funds heh . 
  i ca n't see why on earth would latvia join the ez at this time . 
  ah , it is a national trait then . 
  add to that list sports bars in major south european cities :d, 
  i 'll be damned , you 're right . 
  what a dumb change though , making it a less logical name . 
  noted . 
  as someone from scandinavia i ca n't stand the cheek kissing of some countries , to me it is revolting . 
  also , britts ( everyone single one i 've worked with on assignmnets abroad ) complaining about food when they 're abroad . 
  i mean the uk has the worst food in the entire eu * by far * but still you 'll hear consant moan for a cornish pasty or something . 
  this is faux news kinda , i mean even if greece has regained competitiveness due to lower labour unit costs france has a distinct advantage over greece in that it is a stabile and functioning society without the many uncertainties companies would face in greece . 
  it isnt called the * `` council of the eu '' * , rather the official name is * `` the council of ministers '' * . 
  you know the place the coreper i & ii works for . 
  that is not primarily the fault of europe , though we have responsibility . 
  i mean to adress population would require us to talk about the elephant in the room i.e that india , parts of africa , central asia , mexico and some south american countries has to promote significant decreases in their birth rates . 
  in regards to the destruction of nature resources the problem lies primarily with the us , china and india . 
  to sustain the present population in a country a birth rate of 2,1 kids / women is needed . 
  we need it because since if do n't have it we will get even more scewed democraphic make up . 
  also , if we do n't have the `` replentishment '' we can kiss the welfare state and old age benifits and care good bye due to both a lack of tax money and a lack of people to care for the elderly . 
  if we look beyond upper classes et.al . 
  you 'll find that the house wife ideal that is still common in us is n't appealing ( in general ) to european women ( thank god ) . 
  though naturally is varies depending on country and whether you live in a city or rural area . 
  furhtermore , as we can see from statistics , in countries where women have few choises and hence are expected to follow traditions there is a correlation with low birth rates ( see italy , spain and greece ) i.e the house wife ideal is not viable at any level . 
  i mean if europ\u00e9 as a civilization is to remain relevant we have to develop and remain competitive . 
  this both in regards to birth rates ( immigration is not the answer ) and productivity ( increased female participation in the work force ) . 
  for this to happen the single male breadwinner concept has to go once and for all . 
  what we need is increased flexibility for families to combine family life and work , also , this needs to happen on the eu level . 
  europ\u00e9 wide studies shows that european women in general value increased flexibility between their work place and family . 
  hence to bring their small kids to work is something that would be valued by a majority of women . 
  also , if we are to bring birth rates to the required level ( 2,1 child / woman ) this something we have to get used to if we want too see increased birth rates . 
  if you ca n't see their own absurd reasoning for sueing farmers you 're beyond my help . 
  no , i do n't need to change anything i believe . 
  you however seem to be one of these dumb white knights ( us republican ? ), 
  who ca n't see facts right infront of you . 
  you can look at their own home page * for starters , then you can just google and look at what established news outlets has to say . 
  * http://www.monsanto.com/newsviews/pages/saved-seed-farmer-lawsuits.aspx, 
  i take it for granted that people are able to process information and decide whether it is false or true . 
  still , it dos n't change the fact that monsanto at best is shady company . 
  do you think that the crop contamination stuff / lawsuits in the us us `` anti ag tech bullshit '' ? 
  your point is ? 
  do you find google to difficult to use ? 
  just type in monsanto and you get a shitstorm of bizzare stuff , like this as an example ; http://www.ibtimes.com/monsanto-protection-act-5-terrifying-things-know-about-hr-933-provision-1156079, 
  it seems to have a nice castle , would be a nice place to visit . 
  good view of the enemy as well !, 
  it is very hot here in sweden as well . 
  i have black leather in my car ... wo n't be nice when i am going home after work  <, 
  i used to date a croatian girl ( dispora ) who liked turbofolk-ish music . 
  i always know that the music is gon na be bad , but it is still impossible to perpare for it haha . 
  i know that estonia in part has been a part of my country for a while * * : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_livonia other than that i know estonia is seen as a stellar reformer in the wake of the crisis . 
  also , tallin is a really nice and picturesque city . 
  hahah , case in point . 
  are you trying to defile my ears ? 
  i hope this list wo n't include listening to turbofolk :d, 
  new sickness ? 
  france has been losing competitiveness for 10 years , at least . 
  what has the leadership done ? 
  kicked the can . 
  i mean hollandes new proposals amounts to lowering the competetiveness of the rest of europ\u00e9 in order to stregthen france . 
  in the end hollande will have to do a turn around like mintterand if france is regain its place alongside germany . 
  those were just examples ( likely ones ) but still just food for thought on the difficulties the ecb might encounter as a lender of last restort if they had to defend a ez wide stimulus . 
  i do think markets expects the ez to muddle through and to continue to kick the can rather than breaking up . 
  true that bail ins / outs will be deprimental , but qe at ez level would have to be underpinned by institutional changes such as an independent authority for a bankning union to back the ecb in times of speculation . 
  this will take some time to achieve . 
  i agree though that something is needed to change market expectations , to kick the can is no longer viable . 
  to pack a punch qe would also have to be decided by the european council at a eu-27 level , this to restore both consumer and market confidence at the eu level . 
  edit : then the question becomes : is there enough political will at eu 27 level ? 
  i doubt it . 
  the question though is whether the ecb in the long run can counteract confidence problems that will arise from divergence in economic preformance at member state level . 
  unless it has the absolute backing of every ez member state regardless of individual member state performance i can see the markets taking aim . 
  such a policy would in effect mean that a independant banking union authority would have to be established to back the ecb up . 
  true , this said the lack of confidence is also partly due to ever present internal rifts in the ez , effectivly making it unable to do anything . 
  this because of national considerations inevitably affecting stances on the ez level . 
  the ez is kinda like a boat without a captain where the helmsman is agruing with the cheif engineer . 
  the mainstream media is n't that much better . 
  your current issues does to a great extent consist of various `` gaffes '' , obstructivist republicans , the absurd sequester or the confusing policies of a president whoes policies all in all are n't that different from those of gwb . 
  if they can find someone who 'll be able to form a viable government perhaps that is possible , 
  indeed , it is all nominal discussions , shots in the dark really . 
  though it easy to see a scenario were a ez wide qe is being implemented , then we will see reports like this ; country a : good progress in both structural and institutional reforms , higher growth , decreased uneployment . 
  country b : moderate progress in structural and institutional reforms , sluggish growth and unchanged unemployment . 
  country c : low progress in structural and institutional reforms , no growth , increased unemployment . 
  now a likely scenario is that country a will be ireland while country b and c will be italy and spain .
