  absolutely , we can unite around that , my country used to have one of the biggest air forces in the world , but no more , just due to stupid idealism , just let us take care of ourselves , a fake reliance on teh us does no-one good . 
  as for france , who think they still are the `` political centre '' of europe , its simply arrogance . 
  as i 've said , just look at reuters ( http://www.reuters.com/ ) et.al . 
  they \u00b4 'll agree with me . 
  besides reputable news wires i ca n't give you more sources . 
  why does these sources make for a strawman ? 
  i ca n't agree more !, 
  just move out and put the knife to their troths , including my own government . 
  european politicians are a bunch of pampered pricks that should learn how how the real world works . 
  a side note though , the us really need to deal with its gridlock , you need to reign in the gop/tp kooks . 
  why ? 
  i 'm quite well supported by sources that are reputable . 
  you however have tried nothing but deflection . 
  ... well you do , you are the perfect poster-child for putlers 50 cent army . 
  take any random non-russian reliable news wire and it 'll tell you the same thing . 
  do you believe the stuff that comes out of say rt ? 
  just stop , you 're embarrassing yourself , have some self-resepct . 
  i understand it is difficult for you to see past the pravda type news , but really , a civilian plane is shot down in pro-russian terrorist controlled territory , with a russian made sam-weapon that the rebels captured about two weeks ago . 
  why would i be `` buttmad '' ? 
  just look like every recognised news wire there is ... 
  your putler has fucked up . 
  again , have fun being the mockery of the civilised world , i 'm sure you ' \u00b4 ll have a fruitful union with civilizational bastions like tajikistan :d, 
  but is n't it now that the eu `` soft power '' , and the eu as an actor will make its entrance ... / s, 
  simple , because these rebels are a russian creation i.e without russian meddling in the ukraine it would n't have happened . 
  have fun being viewed as a pariah state again . 
  europe is useless , and to an extension nato is useless , it ca n't fill its old functions since no-one actually believes that nato would protect , lets say estonia if the russian would attempt some shit in narva ( the most likely target in the eu ) . 
  i would sat that the us should withdraw from europe , to force europe to take its own security seriously . 
  what also turns those people of war is that what putin is doing is essentially a russian version of the bush doctrine - to secure national interests . 
  nuclkear power has delivered for half a century . 
  it has in general been a very stabile energy scource , i would say that research into how to neutralize teh waste would be something to invest in . 
  yeah , indeed , the regional power balance in that part of teh world is mirred in age old greivences that control alligiences . 
  this is also why china would be a step ahead when it comes to securing a regional hmogony , simply because japan , the main rival ( if we disregard teh us ) ca n't cooperate with either south korea or the philipines , tehse countrys do n't want to bandwagon with japan , since they simply do n't trust it . 
  it is a very interesting world , its 11 years since the axis of evil speech . 
  today the us and the islamic republic of iran has common goals and common enemies in fighting religious based terrorism in the mena area . 
  yeah , you ca n't trust them , they 'd ruin your contry within one persidential term . 
  though this specific senator , on this specific topiuc made some very good points , though he is pretty much a one of ( bar his dad ) within the gop with these views . 
  given to the extent military industrial complex have leverage in teh gop via lobbyists i absolutly think so . 
  i mean they still have purport the neo-con defence doctrine . 
  i agree , if we can do some research and actually continue to build safe nuclear power plants ( i.e. 
  not old soviet crap / or on fault lines in japan ... ) then nuclear power is fine . 
  nuclear power is sadly though demonized by both dumb politicians and leftist media . 
  do n't think they are going to risk a confrontation with russia , both due to big money controlling us politics , and due to possible military implications of an minor altercation with russia , they are not going to do this over the ukraine . 
  also , the current us debate is so fixated on teh migration issue that i 'm not sure whether this news will be among the top news for more than a few days in the us . 
  god dammit i always mix these up , i meant rand paul , for a gop rep he seems quite [ resonable on foreign policy ] ( http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2014/07/rick-perry-is-dead-wrong-108860.html#.u8hwabep_iu ) . 
  good points , though china is growing assertive , if it can play a game where the us is bogged down helping useless allies ( the eu nato countries ) in posturing about in europe in an arms race , hence keeping the west occupied , it would make the `` asia pivot '' more difficult to sell to the us public . 
  i 'd say that china could see such a scenario as a good chance to establish and shore up a regional hegemony in the south china sea . 
  yeah , bar paul ryan the gop hopefulls/former hopefulls are a bunch of fucking idiots . 
  i mean just look at mc cains [ statements ] ( http://www.politico.com/story/2014/07/plane-ukraine-shot-down-john-mccain-reaction-109050.html?cmpid=sf ) . 
  this said something ahs to be done against russia , what though is a good question . 
  i agree it would be a dangerous game , but then again that is exactly what putin is playing . 
  i read earlier toady that as a part of the russian-cuba deal , the russian spy station in cuba that was closed in 2001 is to be reopened again i.e. 
  putin seems committed to this road . 
  i agree that it 'd possibly be severe consequences for the russian economy , but then again , it would also presents an opportunity for him to tighten control over russia even more , if he has a defined enemy , and can tap into the russian peoples indignation over their relative power to the west . 
  also , the west can no longer count on china and india to follow suit with us , both of whom are in huge need of russian resources . 
  i also thinks he has the same compassion for his people like his predecessors i.e. 
  none . 
  well it is a central actor in setting the gop and tea party agenda so in that respect it is very relevant . 
  i 'd say that right wing us media will use this to paint obama in a bad light ( probably try to catch clinton as well ) , but beyond that nothing . 
  this since the ukraine is n't a part of nato , and there are actually quite a few within the gop who think the russians are in their right in the ukraine . 
  i do n't think any meaningful sanctions can be expected from the us , wall-street has far to much invested in russia , all putin needs to do is to threaten nationalization and big money will force us politicians to back of . 
  we have ` greens ' all over europe to thank for this reliance , their anti-nuclear power stance that is , and in addition to that incredibly stupid stuff like the ` energiewende ' . 
  i mean making oneself more reliant on russia for energy , what could possibly go wrong . . 
  nothing is going to happen . 
  we all know very well that the italians will block any serious sanctions against russia , and if that does n't happen germany will likely block anything but a slap on the wrist . 
  the eu is still divided over how to handle russia , and in the end , as has been the case until now business interests will prevail . 
  this also applies to possible us responses ( though fox will probably stir up a shit storm over that the us wo n't do anything when 23 americans were killed ) . 
  i agree , he 's just all mouth , i mean it is preposterous to think that he as a newly elected prime minister ( god hope that will never happen ) would be able go into an ez meeting and tell the rest of the ez members that he 'll refuse to pay the loans , what would he do then ? 
  it would mean a swift default . 
  when presenting a title like that you do it for a reason , to raise debate . 
  i 'm not shocked either , but there is a prevailing sense in south of shock when finding out that taxes have to be paid to have a welare state that we have up here . 
  that is simply not true , the greek welfare state has expanded tremendously during the last 35-ish years , and along with it a lot of subsidies , grants and have been granted , this has to be paid for , and as a result high taxses . 
  also , greece has among the most tightly regulated private sectors in the western world , this as a consequence of the greek take on a welfare state . 
  yes , in most debates around greece you are * the * representative for the greek left . 
  i partly do n't agree about tthat . 
  rather the tax spikes comes of teh inability of successive governments to trim the state sector , and to actually get people to pay taxes . 
  the only options the governments , incompetent as they 've been , have had is to slash pensions and hike taxes . 
  true that the government wo n't be able to create a good tax system , this goes for a lot of other needed reforms as well . 
  greece with its current political culture and institutional set up can not compete on european level where it counts ; to offer markets long term stability , or to create and maintain competitive advantages . 
  as for the ez , it has to disband , it is absurd to keep up the charade as now , just the other week i read some people suggesting stagflation as a way for the ez to exit the crisis . . 
  syriza is for those who think that the gravy train will come back , that `` ye good olde times '' with absurd and rampant waste , graft and corruption will come back , that everyone will get their government jobs back . 
  they should stop beliving in these delusions . 
  trying to raise fdi should be a priority for greece , though this requires cutting red tape , beyond talking about it and making laws that never gets implemented . 
  i guess the case of the old athens airport will be closely monitored by potential investors , to see how much of a hassle the authorities puts up . 
  nope , it is a valid question . 
  you 're complaining about taxes , yet still purport to support a quite extreme left wing candidate . 
  now then , if you are supporting a leftist candidate in general in europe its reasonable to assume that you 'd want an extensive state , specially when looking at greece that has previously been a very extensive welfare state from papandreou the older up til now . 
  so , what does syriza and tsipras want to do with taxes in greece , for that small business owner ? 
  harsh truth is that you do n't know , aint that right ? 
  you people idolize him while at the same time you seem to have no clue to what actual policies he 'd pursue . 
  you want welfare you pay the prise thats how its like for th rest of europe . 
  want less taxes , well then less welfare it is , its time for the greeks to learn this . 
  it is actually sort of a valid question , what does your lover-boy tsipras want do do with taxes ? 
  hipsters are frolicking when stockholm , and specifically some neighbourhoods is mentioned , otherwise no one cares . 
  yes , he is an unelected eurocrat , who should know his place as a employee to the nations that make up the eu . 
  no they did n't , he was choosen by a kinda `` proxy '' , by the merit of being a eurocrat . 
  when unelected eu officials starts `` punishing '' prime-ministers we 'd better start reigning in brussels in draconian ways . 
   so a religious majority could ? 
  also , mutilation has to do with limbs and major body parts . 
  no , mutilation is never okay . 
  oh , so what would you call it , a minor scratch ?
