  i mean there is a huge diffence between sd ( a social conservative party ) and on the other hand jobbik in hungary or golden dawn in greece . 
  though in our national debate they are framed as more or less the same . 
  yeah , i 've read his comments at times , its usually just a load of idalistic bullshit . 
  we 'll always accept stuff like that though , i mean we do let the mad liberals by themselfs ( ! ), 
  control the eu-policy . 
  compare the som-institute findings on the publics view on turkey in the eu to that of our gov ( and the red-greens ) , quite a difference there , but our gov. 
  has decided to ignore the public in favour of further eu-integration , as always . 
  i was kinda pushed to the edge by a post on h\u00f6kmarks blogg a few weeks ago in which he had stated that the jas-project was a european project . 
  i mean it was only developed here , by our tax moeny , but hey , that did n't matter to mr h\u00f6kmark . 
  no its not , they 're saying the same stuff about immigration as merkel , cameron and the former french persident ( sarkozy ) , that is in my view not xhenofobic , rahter just common sence . 
  the swedish public debate is warped in so many wayes , keep that in mind . 
  other than the party i 'm voting for i got one choise in the leftist party ( former communist ) . 
  that 's not gon na happen , hence my choice . 
  last ep election i voted for a supposedly conservative former national mp ( gunnar h\u00f6kmark ) , who though has gone completely fucking native to the eu , hence i do n't have a choice . 
  i simply do n't want more power to the ep or the commission , i want the eu to focus on the former ` pillar 1 ' i.e the internal market and set that straight , rather than giving worthless people like herman van rumpoy or barosso more say . 
  our national debate is being framed in such a way that euro-scepticism equals racism , its as simple as that really . 
  aww , how cute . 
  now go back to spreding your slippery slope dumb guy/cherry picking arguments all over / europe like you always do . 
  swedish euro-sceptics - sverigedemokraterna . 
  who would have guessed ... a sub-opitmal currency area unable to construct a policy that 'll fit a majority of its members due to diverging institutional make up on state lelvel , due to divreging market confedence , institutional reliability ( curruption et.al . ) . 
  what a shocker that it would n't work in the long run . 
  oh , and by the way , france has n't even begun fixing its problems i.e. 
  we 're gon na get anemic growth for years due to this failed prestige project . 
  no , its not a myth , we in scandinavia are among the leaders in tech innovation and stuff in europe , but still beyond skype , spotify and stuff the modern results are abysmal ( this probably a lot due to taxes and other dis-incentives ) , and the stuff coming out of continetnal europe is fringe at best . 
  also these companies does not generate enough jobs . 
  europe dos n't have the shear cultural attraction of say california , everything from diverging taxes to labour laws will stifle europe . 
  short term shareholder return that as a concpet replaced managerial capitalism has been devistating for the western world . 
  these companies have thrived trhough western society , everything from infrastructure to educated individuals . 
  there is no reason for us to let them and shareholders lose on the expence of entire nations . 
  this oes for to big to fail banks as well , they should be cut up . 
  in the case of the us is was definetly outscourcing ( along with bad business models ) and t that near monopolies like wallmart that bacially killed of entire states . 
  that is how a service economy looks like outside major urban areas - low paying service jobs at some retail chan . 
  it is not a socially aceptable development . 
  i agree that it is about behavoural patterns , in the west we have begin ( to a limited degree ) influence these patterns , though as an example information on the opportunity costs of ` global products ' . 
  i 've worked with euro-questions as a professional , i know enough of it , it simply ca n't survive in the current form . 
  yeah it is beyond broken . 
  silicon vally and the metorpolises like sf , ny , la and whatnot are the only places were a service economy will and does work , but the cirmustances are n't there in europ\u00e9 , and certainly not here in sweden . 
  to actually get it to work the stars kinda have to align . 
  you need a lot of stuff to line up - an existing large market , financial capital , incentives , existing clusters etc.etc . 
  to get a ` critical mass ' . 
  this does n't exist in europ\u00e9 . 
  we like to pretend though that it does in berlin or london . 
  and since this is true we ca n't go about bleeding firms to asia . 
  the german middlestadt model is the one we have to follow in europ\u00e9 ( were it is possible ) . 
  the eu could do a lot to say fuck you to the us , but we 're far to busy with regioanl funds and the cap . 
  that is the problem , that europe is kinda a prisoner of some countries that wo n't change even if you 'd put a gun to their heads . 
  did n't say anything about pity , ofc its for profits , but it has to be regulated . 
  we in the west simply can not sit by idle and watch our hegemonic position slip out of our hands just because shareholders want short term returns ( thanks milton freedman ... ) . 
  i mean look what ourscourcing did to the ` rust belt ' in the us . 
  we simply can not allow such havoc in europe . 
  there is no such thing as unregulated capitalism on a fair and global market in some kinda post-nation state world that inevetably changes . 
  the nation state is stil the pirmary actor in and will so remain . 
  hence to steer society , at least small societies like ours have to include some level of protectonism . 
  we 're a small country were you get jobs by connections - ofc they ca n't get jobs , the average time to get a job for them is eight ( ! ), 
  years . 
  we also have the samllest low skil sector in the eu-28 . 
  we also have a thourally dyskfunctioanl housing market , so no , they wo n't get jobs , there simply are n't housing , a lot ( generalisation ) does not adapt , and recieve welfare i.e. 
  no , a lot are not contributing at all . 
  i imagne his potential voters would love this . . 
  agree about stop being bitches to the eu ( givin money to the south et.al . ), 
  and actually trusting the us . 
  but then again our ( swedish ) politicians will suck its dick at command , regardless of colour . 
  the useless waste of money that was their presidents visit here was proof enough of this . 
  in regards to industry i was thinking more of regulation to prevent outscourcing , this since the so called ` service economy ' just dos n't work . 
  this said i 'm not trying to fihgt windmills , rather to guard tech . 
  development and such from china and india . 
  we in the west ahve given them a free ride for far too long . 
  as i said to the levels of pre 1970s i.e. 
  less taxes , more persoal responsibility , and stuff like schools that actually functions et.al . 
  slashed is the right word , this seeing as it is a trainwreck in the making , a country like sweden taking in as much peoplea s germany , a country with 10 times the population . 
  it is beyond dumb . 
  yeah , both of those two and their belifs ( stuff for 15 y/o boys ) can make me mildy annoyed as well , to say the least . 
  it works , but it has its flaws as well . 
  taxes needs to be lowered a bit more , we need a governmetn that actually tries to support our industries , immigration needs to be slashed , and in general we need firmer rules and laws in a lot of areas more in tune with the foundations of the welfare state ( pre 1970s ) . 
  you need to contexualise your labels though , this by setting them in a regional social and political context . 
  conservative/progessive as terms does not hold hold the same meaning in sweden as in say spain , and certainly not as the us ( their concervatism being neo-liberalism with a fucked up social agenda ) . 
  how is this news-worthy ? 
  we ar n't that ` progressive ' if you look beyond feminism ( womens rights are something that goes back to the 1100-1200s with the frist laws , so thats not really new either ) . 
  our societies are family oriented , and in the views on drugs , crime , social cohesion et.al . 
  less progressive than many parts of continental europe . 
  do n't mix up modern with progressive . 
  if you want to study a progessive society you 'd be better of looking at the netherlands . 
  i 'd say the range of products avaliable is the big advantage . 
  though its not so much an economic isssue as a social . 
  you have to take into account the social context of lutheran traditions towards alcohol i.e. 
  it aint gon na change . 
  you can find gas stations and such taht are open 24/7 , though labour laws are restrictive and salary costs means that it 'd be unviable to keep longer hours for many shops . 
  yeah , often they have a great range of all kinda of alcohol , everything from beer to sake . 
  as an example i bought some locally produced [ mead ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mead ) this weekend . 
  though ofc the prises are absurd . 
  well they arent open 24/7 , but that is to expect . 
  but to 20.00 you would n't ahve a problem finding most stuff . 
  germany is a functioning welfare state . 
  get back when you know what you 're talking about . 
  aww , i who thought he had ` degree ' from liberty ` university ' or something . 
  nah , i 'd rather have the monopoly . 
  also , in terms of opeing hours you really ought to do some research . . 
  how 's your minimum wage employment at the local mcd , burger king , taco bell etc. 
  well well well dear neighbours , where is your outrage now . 
  i always knew you 'd be as a bad as us ,
