  as well as one block consisting of regional ( communist ) rivals such as vietnam and laos et.al . 
   europe and america need to both adapt to the coming `` asian century '' and the ever-changing shift to an multi-polar world . 
  no we do n't . 
  china has no soft power to speak of and its hard power is limited at best due to both its political make up and weak institutions . 
  since most developing economies do n't evolve into advanced economies i 'd say china has enough problems of its own to worry about . 
  this due to its size , corruption , a lack of innovation and the small matter that it is a dictatorship with progressivly worse relations with both its near region and the world at large . 
  china has since deng xiaoping pretty much advandced through the good will of the world ( been allowed to flood the world with cheap crap ) . 
  that good will capital has been spent . 
  ah , then i missuderstood . 
  this since they in the case of norse religion are attracted to symbols that they distort ( like thos hammer ) rather than norse mythology itself . 
  but that seems more american ( ? ), 
  than british . 
  i got ta ask my british colleagues whether they ever do this . 
  do you by any chance ( while wearing a tank top ) get red as a tomato while on vacation ? 
  or complain that you ca n't get a cornish pasty ? 
  no it is n't . 
  the neo-nazi filth and related groups tried to adopt norse symbols ( just like golden dawn has tried to do with greek symbols ) but it had nothing to do with the religion itself . 
  what the hell was that ? 
  i though i had heard enough turbofolk and various balkan musics in my day to render me immune from shock but apparently i was very very wrong . 
  natrually , i mean you 'll risk losing you job , union membership et.al . 
  so ofc supporters has taken to various forums , online papers and such . 
  not really , that champagne socialist should keep to writing fiction . 
  perferably someting new in the hamilton series . 
  taking a text that uses `` timbuktu '' as a source serious ? 
  also , this is an intresting passage that really says what the author wants ; '' * could it be that all this talk of integration only signals that there is nothing there to integrate into ? 
  if this is so , the riots and the talk of integration signals the very lack or absence of swedish and european values in the first place -- so that all we can do is ` try to palm them off on others . 
  * '' i.e he is a constructivist . 
  the whole text is just an in absurdum extention of the apologist narrative that always makes itself heard in the wake of cultural clashes . 
  thse criminals responsible do not want to integrate into western society , period . 
  no one can do jack shit but to pander to him . 
  i guess hollande will use this to extort the rest of the eu for economic policies benefitial to france . 
  this since he is far too impotent to get any reforms done . 
  go and read lindeborg , guillou et.al . 
  their views are basically communism / extremist left . 
  you go and read \u00c5sa lindeborgs ( among others ) texts and get back to me . 
  holding the entire eu hostage due to fringe interests , why if it is n't the sacred egoism at work . 
  if france wants to keep its film industry they might wan na consider making films that a wide european public wants to watch like ronin and ruby and queintin . 
  this rather than awful and dreary dramas . 
  agreed , regarding international news they 'll both usually steal a popular and uncontroversial ( ca n't disturb our precious concensus ! ), 
  story from huffington post or reddit do a bad translation to swedish and take credit for the article . 
  swedish papers are all in the same boat as politicians but the worst of them all is [ aftonbladet ] ( http://www.aftonbladet.se/ ) a terrible mix of gossip and leftist/communist political views . 
  so the sultan has revealed his true self  < i hope the public wo n't back down now , since it would likely lead to both broader and harder repression . 
  even though the video is like 11 y/o it is still pretty much how stuff works in this country i.e you have one official view of ( by media demmed ) sensitive subjects and one private . 
  this goes for both the public and politicians alike . 
  yes , there were no serious discussions of a restructuring until the talks started about the psi agreement . 
  this partly due to the reasons in your quote i.e. 
  market confidence , but also due to debt exposure . 
  also , yes papandreou was far to proud/blind to admit the extent of the failings of his fathers creation . 
  this said ( absurd as it is ) he knew already in 2009 that greece was going down the drain fast , but he still hung on to the `` there is money '' mantra of the 2009 election that got him elected in the first place . 
  of course the debt should have been restructured , preferably in jan-feb 2011 . 
  this said the papandreou government ( among others ) refused to even acknowledge the possibility of debt restructuring , this in part simply due to pride and blindness . 
  i got ta try that some day !, 
  that probably means that the same for rest of us . 
  i would be suprised if my country was n't in on it while playing sanctimonious at home . 
  as scandinavian i can hold my own in drinking . 
  this said your gluhwein is very dangerous , 
  to compare the us/eu with the hre is on of the most absurd comparisons i 've ever come across . 
  i mean come fucking on hre was a loose collection of states bound by religion under a figure head emperor whoes `` office '' lost any effective power in the early 1500s and that most certanly did n't have any power whatsoever after 1648 . 
  to think that the person who wrote this crap is a professor at cambridge is mind boggling . 
  he has to be a us nationalist trying his best to give the us some historical pedigree/relevance that is simply does not have and never will have , it is the only reason i can see for such a stupid article . 
  [ yes , the british public clearly have nothing to fear . 
  just trust big brother . 
  ] ( https://www.google.se/search?q=british+big+brother+poster&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=bn21ua7zfjsq4gt0kyhydg&amp;ved=0cacq_auoaq&amp;biw=1366&amp;bih=673#facrc=_&amp;imgrc=7y4cnrhk1keemm%3a%3briksil4nt8vebm%3bhttps%253a%252f%252fp10.secure.hostingprod.com%252f%2540spyblog.org.uk%252fssl%252fspookcountry%252fimages%252fbig_brother_f.jpg%3bhttps%253a%252f%252fp10.secure.hostingprod.com%252f%2540spyblog.org.uk%252fssl%252fspookcountry%252f2007%252f08%252f%3b375%3b500 ), 
  a beautiful capital with good cakes and a cool ball at the state opera . 
  other than that a former empire transformed into the current state , it has is one of the most intresting histories of any european country . 
  also , i lived with a few austrian women in a dorm when i attended university and damn austrian women can drink !, 
  ofc we do n't , councils in `` utflyttingsorter '' are n't closing schools , hospitals et.al . 
  because of choise , rahter because they have to . 
  a potential citizens pay would be within the scope mandated council tasks , hence it is unealistic at best . 
  our system is n't gon na change anytime soon though . 
  really , with a lot of our ( rural ) local councils already today having problem financing their mandated tasks you argue in favour of society wide guaranteed income ? 
  are you completely detatched from reality ? 
  details . 
  to make europ\u00e9 less competitive in order to let france catch up is what matters , kinda like giving an old man viagra . 
  i can see the balkans ( bar bosnia ) taking issue with being incorporated into a ottoman state , lol . 
  also , turkeys current expansion is driven by huge loans and this party will come to and end sooner or later , as it did in southern europ\u00e9 . 
  lol , it seems someone forgot to tell the markets if we look at bond spreads . 
  a pretentious claim by an old man who is desperate to regain any level of confidence . 
  not really , rather the papandreou , mitosakis and karamanlis families should be procecuted for their crimes against greece . 
  just stop them from getting welfare and they 'll move back . 
  it is that simple really . 
  ah , i sort of always assumed that they did . 
  really i ca n't get why everyone seems so suprized , i mean the patriot act gave the us gov. 
  a lot of leeway in what it can do in regards to survalliance . 
  i 'd say nothing will change either , all obama needs to do is to wave a flag and spout som shit about patriotism and terror for the us sheep to go along with it . 
  i do however expect the eu to ( for once ) make itself useful and ban this fucking crap thoughout the whole union . 
  in countries built on the idea of common principles such as france and the us it can be easier to unite the people under central ideals . 
  to get european elites to rally to the same causes as their country is another matter though . 
  that 'd cause inflation in the german economy so i can guarantee you that it wo n't happen . 
  i agree , they should leave the euro , this since greece simply cant meet the same conditions and requirements as the rest of europ\u00e9 at a state level . 
  as for devaluation it is not possible , neither is slashing intrest rates since greece do n't have any fiscal tools avaliable . 
  and how would that be acomplished ? 
  i ` love to see someone who 's ready to pick up the bill . 
  its not like the article suggests to pull the rug from underneth their feet , rather to trim some excesses . 
  indeed the french nation seems to have a duality to it . 
  on one hand the revolutionary legacy that created radicalism ( both conservative and leftist ) in regards to national independence , the individuals standing within the state and such . 
  on the other hand france has the royalist streak that to this day is relevant when we look at the standing of the president and the role of an elite . 
  i do n't think that calls to unite the nation has gone out of fashion , rather that incrased polarization both in regars to both politics and centre-perifiry has made is almost impossible . 
  he 'll have to if he if france isnt to take a huge hit in the current crisis . 
  i mean market pressure will turn on france sooner or later .
