  to have sectarian violence as a mean to divide a territory is something one might expect in kashmir but hardly befitting northen europ\u00e9 . 
  since no side seem to be albe to act as adults maybe a kofor like solution is in order ? 
  the haircut should have been made years ago . 
  it is inevitable and should be done with asap . 
  i mean kicking the can due to german elections and hence holding the eu economy hostage is absurd . 
  our lovely southern neighbour . 
  - impressive policies in several areas that we should steal ( such as their labour market insurance ) - out of our sandinavian women i 've always found danish women to be the sexiest - good beer - good pastries - good sasuages - has the most relaxed and prettiest capital of scandinavia, 
  given that my country is / have been ruled by halpes morons we apparently * pretty much * do n't have history classes anymore . 
  apparently , according to friends who 're teachers swedish history is deemed racist ( i would n't expect anything less from this dumb country so i 'm not supprized ) . 
  anyway when i when to grade school we had form an early age focus on both the stone , iron , bronse age , we got to make stuff they are used etc. 
  we also thoroughly covered the viking age in most aspects - everything from food to policy . 
  furthermore we coverd everything from the dark ages to the 19th century with a focus on sweden and scandinavia i.e focus on wars , innovations , scientists and stuff like that . 
  yeah , i eyed it . 
  my critique is not aimed at you as a ts but at the study . 
  i mean the methodology is preposterous as are some cases . 
  this goes especially for case two , even they themselfs acknowledge that their assumptions are naive . 
  also , their `` eav '' concept is something so nominal that only someone sitting in a `` ivory tower '' would come up with it . 
  now this is among the most naive and dumb things i 've read in a long time . 
  i mean both the cfsp and esdp are paper tigers as it is today . 
  like basic issues such as military command structure would scuttle this even before it was established . 
  also , harmonization of foreign policy huh ? 
  yeah that 's likely ... 
  russia is at the present and will in such a union be at a loss in the long run as well . 
  i guess a `` union '' with kazakstan is meant to solidify russias hold on gas and oil and hence strenghten russias hand against the eu . 
  the main problem with this `` tactic '' though is that a union that specializes in energy only is completely at the mercy of the broader world economic performance . 
  no , since last september the ( by parliament elcted ) somali president has been able to keep country relativly peaceful ( in a somali context ) . 
  this through decentralization and clan based federalism . 
  yes , somalia has recently installed a relativly functioning government , this for the first time in about 20 years . 
  i never said libya was peaceful , sure the clans that make up the country still fight each other ( they always will ) . 
  my point is that there are rich countries within the mena area that should shoulder the responsibility . 
  libya has shit loads of oil . 
  also , there is no outright war in libya or somalia . 
  there is no reason to why libya ca n't pick up the slack and deal with this . 
  it is nice that our lovely southern neighbour sometimes is forced to take the kind of stupid decisions that i only though affected us . 
  it makes me despair a bit less . 
  love / sweden , 
  i agree that is can bring benifits , though this only if the criterias for erasmus participation are completely rewritten . 
  frist of all the programme should in large be restricted to masters students , perferably for term eight and/or nine . 
  this to limit the party crowd and to make sure that the student has both the personal maturity needed and basic academic knowledge ( the bologna system has not worked . . ) required to study abroad . 
  well try working within academia , with erasmus students who barely speak or write english and at that copy paste stuff from the internet and then say that again  sure , a lot of erasmus students are very capable but those who are n't makes for a huge headache . 
  yeah , it is in no way a gigantic waste of money , student housing and university resources in general . 
  * `` changing lives , opening minds '' * = travel to another country in order to get drunk for a semester or two . 
  yes , also , the riots have nothing to do with the policies of the `` right wing '' government ( they really are n't right wing at all if compared to the rest of europe ) . 
  rather , the riots were incited by both criminals who took advantage of chaos and predominantly mena youth who fancies themselvs as fighting against the majority due to religiolus/cultural reasons i.e. 
  anders borg is not the bogeyman this time . 
  * `` katrine kielos is a columnist for aftonbladet , sweden and scandanavia 's largest daily newspaper '' * * `` a contribution to the state of the left , a monthly insight report from policy network 's social democracy observatory '' * come fucking on that article is nothing but a hit piece for socialists . 
  that is my point actually , they represent 28 % of the eu pop . 
  but at the same time really controls the fate of 500 mil . 
  people in several policy areas . 
  it worked until well the eastern enlargement due to the previous memeber countries being quite similar but now it is simply undemocratic . 
  obviously anything russian is out of the question for my country , goes without saying  as for poland i do suppose it has more in common with germany than with the rest of the former eastern block . 
  i hear ya , i 've worked in the south for a few years , in policy and economics and one of the first thoughts that always struck me in every country i was assigned to was that we have nothing in common with them . 
  this regardless of if i was in athens , rome or sofia . 
  swedish : not at all , we 're a perifial country that has been disconnected from most events outside our traditonal area of influence ( scandinavia , the balctics and parts of northern germany ) for too long for us to have any european identity . 
  also , our political discourse is completely devoid of europ\u00e9 or eu related issues at large , this unlike both east , west and and southern europ\u00e9 . 
  when europ\u00e9 related issues are discussed they are framed as them and us . 
  [ turbo-folk ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=el8wagaj3fq ) , goran begovic , black cat white cat . 
  also , belgrade is gaining rep as a good party city . 
  sweden : it works kinda like a back side/vent to the polite and correct front we are supposed to have irl i.e. 
  it is rife with trolling , flamebating , racism , sexism and general views you ca n't have irl . 
  / r/sweden would not be a good representation of our internet culture though , this since it is far too correct . 
  sites like [ this ] ( https://www.flashback.org/ ) are very popular since you can write whatever you want . 
  it has had/still has huge democratic deficit and accountability problems , this since the maastricht treaty . 
  also , the model where franco-german consencus and intrestes dictates a lot of policy areas within the eu is completely ridiculous in the current eu with 28 member states . 
  we wo n't adopt it though . 
  seeing as i am a male chauvinist pig i do know that croatia has a lot of fine women . 
  additionally i know that it traditionally has been in the realm of hre and later austria-hungary i.e like slovenia it has historically had more ties to western europ\u00e9 than the other parts of former yugoslavia . 
  also , parts of dubrovnik are world herritage sites . 
  sure , but that primarely goes for the us were subprime mortages and the subequent forclosure buisness means today still that the poor are taking the hit . 
  his leassons are in my view ill-suited for europ\u00e9 due to the crisis being caused by a lot more `` diverse '' reasons from housing market collpase in ierland to systemic faults in spain . 
  certainly though he has a point when talking about intrest rates . 
  in the long video , in regards to scenario one this * constuctivist * is bacically saying that the borrowers in large are exempt from any blame , i mean fine a lot of french and german bank shareholder should shoulder a lot of costs , but to basically absolve the now ruined countries from any responsibility regarding reckless lending is just absurd . 
  also his attempt to disregard the souths loss of competitiveness due to wage increases is terrible to say the least . 
  also , in the short video he is agruing for a krugman-esque stimulus in order to ofset private sector losses . 
  how on earth would this happen ? 
  i mean some countries were shut out of the markets . 
  where would say ireland find the money for a stimulus back in 2010 without market access ? 
  policies like the ones suggested by krugman have * never * been realistic alternatives to austerity simply due to the fact that no one has had enough cash/will to fork up . 
  his rethoric might be appealing but does certainly not add up . 
  after all he is a constructivist . 
  any greek government that 'll allow turkey to join without solving the agean dispute would be out of office within a very short period of time . 
  it has strained relations with both macedonia , greece and serbia . 
  it is a traditional society where clans and old customs still rule . 
  terrible article . 
  a part of the problem in italy , spain and greece is labour market rigidity i.e the problems and costs that arise from hireing and fireing . 
  this has to be dealt with in order for the countries to even have a slight chance of combating youth unemployment . 
  such reforms will mean that older employees will lose some of their benifits . 
  this will have to happen regardless of sensationalist headlines . 
  yes because the us heartland / bible belt are real economic power houses and absolutely not desolate economic waste lands littred with walmarts and fast food restaurants ... 
  i agree that china is a threat that we have to confront , this with greater western unity ( i.e you americans have to scrap the gop and have a sane political debate again ) . 
  i mean there will always be a hegemonic power and we in the west are best suited to keep this status . 
  the alternatives are not attractive at all . 
  chinas economic performance and traditional culture grants soft power , but at the same its governmental control of civil society and party control of media undercut its soft power to a great extent . 
  as for an arms race im doubtful whether china can develop the tech . 
  knowhow to do it , until now they 've pretty much relied on russian crap / copies of russian tech . 
  if we look at most of that tech . 
  it is to say it bluntly inferior in most aspects and really not suited chinese needs . 
  agreed . 
  due to china playing power politics without understanding the consequences there are presently two regional anti-china blocks forming . 
  one block of states within the us sphere of influence - south korea , japan and the philippines et.al .
