  is actually ever so slightly attempting to do something , however small it may be . 
  i must be hallucinating . 
  the turkish press is not free in any way , why should the west trust it ? 
  what facts does it brings forth and that wetern media is suppresing ? 
  i was thinking more in terms of exports . 
  like , look at italy , it used to compete with pricing , now it ca n't and the country has been anemic for about 15 years . 
  and how is this affecting countries within the ez that used to compete with pricing ? 
  scotland still would not be a part of the eu . 
  spain , and possibly france , would not let it into the eu . 
  i do n't get how this can be so hard for the scottish to understand . 
  and then the ec will ignore the childish trantrum , as too much is at stake . 
  sd is probably closer to 20 % than what that graph is saying . 
  the survey institutes always underetimates the partys support . 
  her handling of the euro-zone crisis during which she has been the road block for any kind of reform that is actually fesable in the south of europe . 
  regardless of whether the south of europ\u00e9 deserves any breaks or whatnot the policies in place hav n't worked this far . 
  also , the fact that democratically elected leaders in both italy and greece have been forced away from government . 
  the problem is that the germans have such power that if they say no to something in the ec , council of ministers et.al . 
  then that 's it , nothing will be done , on the other side should they want to push something through the ec et.al . 
  well good luchk stopping them . 
  everyone who 's worked in a eu-committee knows this . 
  bubbles or not , neither spain or greece will change . 
  they 've built their economies on support from cap , structural funds , regional funds et.al . 
  and they can not change , as it is politically unfeasable . 
  also , these are contries , especially greece , which relies on agricultural exports , which ca n't compete with non ez neighbours partly due to pricing which is not set in competitive manner due to the value of the euro . 
  no , it is not absurd , because its the same issue at the root , i.e. 
  that within the ez french exports are suffering compared to german counter parts , just like italian ones due to being priced in the same currency as german products . 
  these countries used to compete , regarding industrial products , in pricing , now that cant be done . 
  and , no , they wo n't do stuructural reforms that changes how the core of labor relations et.al . 
  works due to some germans wanting them to , which is a good thing , as we ca n't have the germans bullying every country . 
  the labor reform in france earlier this year , which had to be forced through by the government , is indicative of this . 
  a fine job ? 
  how is the eurozone coming along ? 
  sunshine and rainbows for everyone ? 
  everything fine in greece and italy ? 
  how 's the growth rate in france ? 
  do n't kid yourself , the ones setting eurozone policy is the germans , and it is tailored to fit german needs , and it is also killing southen europ\u00e9 . 
  you can talk about structural reform all you want , and while these countries desperatly need it , they will never implement any as it unfesable both politically and administratively . 
  the eurozone is a faliure due to catering almost soley to german macro economic needs regarding policy . 
  the germans are just as incapable , as the record of the last 7 years or so clearly shows . 
  there is nothing merkel can do . 
  fistly , the germans more or less soley dicating the future of the eu based on the needs of german interior politics hav n't exactly worked out at all e.g. 
  look at the ( still ongoing ) ez-crisis , secondly , the actions of germany in the `` refugee '' crisis futher eroded any legitimacy merkel might have had once upon a time . 
  germans are completely incapable of being in a de facto leadership position in the eu . 
  as long as the germans remain in a de facto leadership position the eu will continue to deteriorate . 
  go and have a look on how they are realativizing isis and hamas as two examples . 
  in the best of cases they just withhold facts and play with words like in the cases of israelis being stabbed by plaestinian terrotists . 
  in the worst cases the basically side with the perpetrators , like when isis fighters were compared to the people fighting on the finnish side against the soviets in wwii . 
  i do n't , as it has a pro russian bias . 
  however , svt is perhaps the most biased outlet out there , in that it will be apologetic to muslim terrorism at all turns . 
   swedish tv enough reason to not trust it at all . 
  too bad it failed . 
  the last remenants of ataturks turkey will now disapear in a total power grab from erdogan . 
  and who 'll pay for `` more europe '' ? 
  the concept of `` more europe '' certainly seems to be working just fine looking at the ez ... 
  once , very seldomly , the ivans do something right . 
  this is such an occation . 
  there is no reason as to why secatianism should be allowed . 
  go for it and root them out . 
  oh yes i do . 
  i do n't want these people in my country . 
  also , there are precedent cases from the ecj stating that eu-member states are allowed to void citizenships . 
  it is not nearly enough . 
  the next step needs to be about voiding recidency permits , and possibly citizenships . 
  more or less all applies to sweden as well . 
  i ca n't speak for all nothen countries of course , though swedish politicians , i.e. 
  the most idealistic and wretched fuck ups of them all , until less than two years ago campaigned for getting turkey in the eu . 
  it has always been lipservice from dumb northen liberals . 
  it has never really been feasable : 1 . 
  any greek government that lets the turks join would be out of office the next day , and posibly banished from the country for life . 
  one ca n't join the eu while having a conflict with a present member state - remember cyprus ? ... 
  thankfully the french wo n't allow it as it would alter the power within eu insitutions far too much to their disadvantage . 
  turky has never been close to fulfilling all the chapters of the acquis communautaire , and they 've been at it since the 80s . . 5 . 
  with turkey in the eu , it would border iraq , iran and syria . 
  ai n't that a fucking nice prospect ? ... 
  the balkan countries expect for greece : anyone who thinks that the countries that were occupied / ravaged by the ottomans for centuries ( romania / bulgaria / croatia ) would just let the turks waltz into the eu is delusional . 
  turkey is not a democracy ... 8 . etc 9 . etc. . 
  that is some of the worst petentious crap i 've seen in years , even if its meant to be humour . 
  also , had it not been for the cluster fuck that is the euro holding the god damn continent in an economic straight jacket the kraut economy would not be were it is now . 
  to celeberate europ\u00e9 i \u00b4 ll spend this month indulging , to a resonable extent , in pork , sea food and litres of wine . 
  proudly doing my part . 
  thank you france , and italy to an extent , for awesome reds . 
  i do this quite often . 
  though compared to our dear neigbours i 'm a bit less manly as i have a shirt on and only drink red vine , or craft beer . 
  never watched it , even though it is hyped beyond belief . 
  nope . 
  clearly a western , european state . 
  as i wrote previously , that is for the romanian government to figure out . 
  i coudl n't care less about what they do as long as i dont have to have them here . 
  i 'm not exagerating , just visit a random swedish city , you will find them outside everyother store . 
  i agee that our inept politicans should actually try to do something . 
  however , my main point , that they are not the responsiblity of us stands . 
  also , the eu has given a lot of funds to romania to solve alliviate issue , i cant remember the exaxt sums though . 
  i agree with both of your sentiments . 
  espcially about my fucked up contrymen . 
  its easy to spot as the cars with their `` chiefs '' who go about collecting money from them have romanian and bulgarian licence plates . 
  hungarians , slovaks , czechs , croats , serbs , slovenians , polish do n't cause this kind of trouble . 
  while that policy is fucked up beyond belif this is rather an issue about an eu country willingly outscourcing their social problems to the whole of europ\u00e9 . 
  romanian and bulgarian beggars are a problem in several european countries , not only limited to sweden . 
  in what way do i do make it sound like a conspiracy ? 
  i 'm just describing how it looks like .
