  it is insane . 
  the rest of the world is passing us just beaucse primarely german , french , italian and spanish farmers wants to live in some fairytale land and have us pay for it . 
  well we do n't have nearly as many teen pregnancies as you americans , not even close . 
  also , since we do n't really have the `` stay at home mom '' anymore ( its not the 1950s here ) , women tend to get their first kids when they 're older ( about 29y/o ) and hence get fewer in total . 
  decimate the cap and regional funds and spend much , much more on science and tech . 
  this goes for teh whole of europe , fukuyamas `` end of history '' bullshit that 's been the guiding light ever since 1991 is a load of crap and has in part caused the decline of the western world . 
  also , what needs to be done is to reign in the free ride we 're giving china - in that it is allowed to destroy western manufacturers . 
  globalization and global companies will have to be regined in by the nation state and the eu in teh case of eruope . 
  politics do n't change easily . 
  the states ( or the eu in this case , sinc ethe states have differing ) primary interests should be the guide in order to tackle the crisis . 
  i do n't see that wen looking at the responce . 
  a better word would probably be naive . 
  to have gotten to this position , and still seem helpless is kinda dangerous , and shows our dcline . 
  now in my mind this seems kinda dangerous since there will always be hegemonic powers , and we simply ca n't afford to have that being autocratic china . 
  i meant bar the other balkan nations ( some at time part of the hre ) . 
  to make a very broad picture there was either the russian sphere or the hre / later austria-hungary , until the ottomans grew weak serbias connection to these major blocks as weak . 
  rather its legacy is kinda similar to that of greece and present day bulgaria in terms of connections to the rest europ\u00e9 . 
  this really shows how weak europe and stale has become . 
  we need the help of china to solve a diplomatic crisis in the centre of europe . 
  i do n't think you have that completely either , the bosniaks do , but i do n't think the serbs do , in other than some eveyday cultural aspects . 
  even if they hate their guts it is still a versy significant part of their history that has shaped their culture . 
  sure , i 'm not denying that , everyone bandwaggons some powerful state , its the natural way of the international system . 
  what i am questioning though is whether serbia has some long tradition of being in the russian sphere of infleunce , it simply has n't in my view . 
  hah , if our establishment would be able to choose freely we would have been nato bitches a long time ago , though luckely they do n't dare to . 
  ah , did n't know they 'd reigned the mob in . 
  i 'm not denying that you were basically screwed by economics ( you still are looking at moscow indexes and a undiversified economy ) and geo-political changes . 
  this said i do n't belive the reasoning that the two are great brothers , this especially since it was in a period that followed the bad relations that persisted until titos death ( more or less ) . 
  tajikistan , chechnya , kazakhstan and belarus , sure those are traditionally yours , but untill today they are more of a head-ache than an asset , its a fucking hotbed for muslim terrorism , dictatorship and corruption ( why the customs union will be a massive faliure ) . 
  the rest though , absolutely not , they 're not yours unless you start counting history from the late 1800s . 
  `` brothers '' in what way ? 
  what great political / or hsitorical ties are there between serbia and russia that makes them `` brothers '' ? 
  none . 
  serbia was a part in the game between hre , later austria-hungary and the ottomans for hundreds of years . 
  russia does n't have a big part in this . 
  you share religion , but that 's it bacially . 
  using some kinda slvaic herritage doe n't work either by that reasoning we could say that poland and russia are close , and we all know that is n't the case . 
  that 's kinda the my view as well , the russians came and wanted to buy some national energy companies , hence invoked some false sence of brotherhood and got the companies they wanted . 
  and the permission to build a pipeline i think ( ? ), 
  that is a fairly good point . 
  the serbs have gotten the worst rap our of the wars , though they have problems getting the maffia under control . 
  but have they really been in the russian sphere of infleucne though ? 
  i ca n't see why the population would see being a satelite state to russia being a good option though . 
  not to the extent that serbs do though , as i stated , i get that they helped serbia in the case of kosovo , and a bit in yugoslavian wars , but beyond that i find it hard to see the rationale . 
  is it an attempt to change civilizatinal belonging ? 
  i mean looking back serbia was for quite a while in the hands of the ottomans . 
  the sivoet union was n't really `` your country '' though . 
  it sucks that russians are to this day in peril in central asia , but those fucked up nations simply are n't a part of a traditional russia . 
  looking historiually that support was half-hearted at best . 
  i mean you do not have any tangiable links to the russiasn sphere of influence , rather the historical links lie within the balkans , as a piece in the struggle between teh hre/later austria-hungary and the ottomans . 
  i do n't think that is the case , serbia has historically been more conencted to the ottoman empire than the slavic countries . 
  besides the kosovo thing , why is it that some serbs are always there ready to suck russian cock ( or white knight them at reddit ) whenever possible ? 
  is n't it obvious that the russians do n't care about you ? 
  had they you woul n't have had your country chopped up into pieces . 
  you 're probably right . 
  the eu is hoplessly divided as usual . 
  the only thing that could help is that our politicians want to aviod another yugoslavia in the sence that they do n't wan na lose face about a conflict in the middle of europ\u00e9 . 
  yeah , that is a crucial point in the article , that they basically have no competitive advantage , neither towards the west , and neither towards developing countries . 
  this though , is also what makes it more likley that it will colsoe itself into a dictatorship once again , seeing as the focus on natural resources probably wo n't change . 
  i do n't agree . 
  europ\u00e9 / russia are split with civilizational lines , it would also never apply / be wllowed into the eu . 
  it is true that russia has no expereince being a democracy , that said , even if it was a democracy it would have different interests that the eu . 
  for russian politicians it is more or less sop ( kinda ) to believe that they have the `` moral imperative '' to interven in the near area . 
  no , the west have misscalculated . 
  our dumb politicians have been fast asleep beliving gloabist and most-moderinist bullshit ( especially my own government ) absout some fairytale future with ever increased interdependance . 
  had they listned to huntington putins reaction to ukraine would have been obvious . 
  its an occupied enclave that should belong to germany , or perhaps poland . 
  a referendum is in order to let the citizens decide . 
  i think we need some german trops in kaliningrad , and a referendum on independence from russia and for them to rejoin germany . 
  in that case the rest of the world is in * very * deep shit . 
  we have judicual activism that often basically excuses rape and related sexual crimes . 
  honestly this study has to be wrong , my country should not be anywhere near the top given the amount of judicial activism ( and incompetence at that ) we have . 
  we still have some anti-armament groups and shit , and somehow russian guests and such are often invited to speak . 
  one organisation even had a russian cornel as a gust , while being an anti-armament group . 
  ca n't help but think about the scource of funding . 
  thank you various greens throughout europe , and the german government in particular for financing russia , good job there . 
  already low investor confidence would simply diasaper . 
  no one 'd want to invest risking having their capital and financial capital taken by the russian state . 
  there 'd be a run out of russian markets , and out of investing in the country . 
  it would esentially turn into a piranha state . 
  seems legit ... 
  that is the beauty of the markets in this case - they 'll pummel him ino oblivion regardless of spineless western governmens ( like my own ) who wo n't do shit to help . 
  if they think the markets are harsh on them now , well then just wait until the aftermath of such a action . 
  the moscow stock market will be in a free fall . 
  as someone who watches the russian car crash compliations i 'd really like to know their number , lul . 
  your point is what exactly ? 
  true , i 'm a bit stingy :d, 
  true , not enough national incentives though in my view , taxes need adjusting and less red tape et.al . 
  r&d and hence massive world leading companies is what has built this country , and is something we need to guard , both from out-scourcing and we need a lot more spending on . 
  innovation has more to do with economical make up and institutional factors rather than gdp/surpluses . 
  i really ca n't see why a lot of people in this thread are making some finance related arguments . 
  no , we 're not , and denmark has always been seen as a part of scandinavia . 
  three of us in the top tier , one of you continentals i.e. 
  our club . 
  what are the germans doing in our club ? 
  being ` pro-russian ' does not give them the right to interven at will . 
  the ukraine is still a soverign nation . 
  represents a tiny tiny fraction of russian society , they are not indicative of a larger will to change . 
  also , the laws governing registrations of partys are so difficult to get by that its not possible to see the elections as fair or democratic even . 
  this also goes for other aspects such as amedia coverage . 
  alright , lets take a look at the tanks , rifles and such .
