  a huge catch up to do ( like africa at the present - infrastructure etc. 
  ) , oil money and at that massive tariffs ( like brazil ) will produce this result . 
  so what happens when the world has had enough of the brazilian tariffs or when oil plummets ? 
  thats right . 
  we got nothing to learn , at least we in the north . 
  how naive , i 'm sure the eu would like to be ruled formally by france and germany ( the way the eu really is run at present ) ... 
  french protectionism is there to stifle the rest of the eu just as much as the rest of the world . 
  to belive something else is just dumb , just look at tenders that supposedly have to abide to eu-rules , france just does not give a shit , but rather in most cases revards french firms with inferior goods . 
  i think that you 're a bit unreasonable now . 
  if you stay away from that region ( and northen gernamy at that ) we \u00b4 'll keep our hands of modern day norway ( they are inept at govering themselfs . . ) . 
  deal ? 
  that 'd be a healthy regioanl dynamic i think . 
  [ oh no you do n't !, 
  hmm , i never knew , guess i was n't paying enough attention . 
  in that case though i really ca n't see the point in this ban . 
  hello dear finland , i think we should have a talk that is long overdue . 
  looking at you as well estonia , and vorpommern . 
  `` we want to continue to ride the athens subway without paying , and then blame someone else when the losses pile up '', 
  yes they do , along with greece . 
  til : you have no idea about the problem they , along with other balkan-nations , face from migration . 
   or is reddit against it purely because the average redditor is a libtard ? 
  are you some kinda dumb european version of a gop redneck ? 
  still , thats nothing compared to the crap that regularly comes out of idiots like steve king , allen west , marco rubio , ted cruz , michele bachmann , sarah palin , rick santorum , john bohner , erik cantor , ricky perry et.al . 
  he 's progessive compared to the tp crowd and at that most of the gop in general . 
  i would n't would n't know given how they seem to operate here . . 
  ca n't see the ep listening to some inbreed republican redneck . 
  well then romania , maybe its time to collect your gypsies who 're begging and playing awful music in swedish cities . 
  oh please , we 're far to busy with the cap and regional funds !, 
  who needs science and tech when julio in spain needs money to grow olives . 
  gas prices is not relly the main issue - having eu-borders towards cluster fukcs like iraq and syria is . 
  who is gon na deal with the mass of migrants that will flock to turkey for passage into europ\u00e9 ? 
  ( this is also why germany w n't let me in ) . 
  thats is a moot argument , the uk was in before spain , and gibraltar is arecognised part of it . 
  turkish cyprus is not in large a recognised state . 
  turkey is the state that has the most regional legitimacy of these though , when talking about state buldning among sunni muslims . 
  the kurdish issue is so complicated , filled with age old griviences , i relly ca n't see it being resolved anytime . 
  exports of what ? 
  in what way can such a non-functioning state like albania contribute to the eu ? 
  it 'll just be a massive drain . 
  no , the costs far outweigh that small advantage . 
  the eu needs to put some ( a lot ) of effort into renewables anyway . 
  you make it sound like it is something that can be done . 
  turkey has activly moved people to the island since the 70s , they wo n't agree to be a part of the recognised part of the island . 
  the reunifiaction of germany is a wholly differnet matter . 
  also , gernamy is against turkey joining , due to in part the balance in the com and the migrant issue . 
  not in anatolia its not ... wll the human rights issue is more of a missconception that turkey shares the values of euope . 
  it dosnt ouseide the major city areas . 
  the so called `` black '' turks far outnumber the `` white '' turks . 
  obviously not with the kurds or the shia minorites either for that matter , but for the sunni majority/minority in the surrounding area turkey has tried to reasert itself as the power to look up to . 
  this does entrail to reasert old muslim customs from pre attaturk . 
  ukraine is a big country with a big population , one that is divided at that . 
  we simply do n't know that a majority want to join the eu , its likely due to previous revolutions . 
  ( i 'm not trying to white knight russia ) . 
  this is essentuially a cicken race between russia and the eu , a chicken race that the eu in hte end ca n't win . 
  this since we simply can not absorb ukraine into the eu , it is far to large , far too corrupt , far too instabile , and at that still holds a large russian naval base . 
  russia on the other hand has a lot of interests in the ukraine and has nothing to lose . 
  it is the main export partner , supplies gas , old and whatnot . 
  in the end it will sadly trumph the eu ( when natioanl interests will weaken the eu facade ) . 
  they do n't enforce their bordes and has a lot of visa free travel from all over the region i.e. 
  the eu would be drowning in economical migrants . 
  i mean part of the fact to why the situation with immigration is so bad in greece is due to turkey not enforcing their border control towards greece . 
  sweden : a daily in cooperation with a criminal lefitist organization created a register of 6 200 people who held different political view than the paper and the organization . 
  the paper then started to publish names , professions and photos of those who had a differnet political opinion from the paper . 
  i.e we got some kinda quasi gestapo in the form of a daily . 
  do n't worry , we 'll figure out another way of spying on you all . 
   the fra is after all quite good at what it does . 
  britain was in the eec before spain joined , hence spain could n't do anything , also gibralatar is a recognised part of the uk . 
  the turkish part of cyprus on hte other hand is not in large a recognized state . 
  will never happen ; 1 . 
  geopolitical position - with turkey in the eu the union 'd border iran , iraq and syria , sounds lovely dos n't it ? . . 
  territorial cliams - you can according to the rules not be involved in territorial disputes with a eu member state if you are to join - cyprus ... 3 . 
  size - it would upset the traditional power balance in the council of ministers due to its population size - aint a chance in hell france will approve of this . 
  greece - the greek government that lets turkey into the eu before resolving the agean dispute/cyprus will then have committed political suicide . 
  costs - imagne thecap and regional funds required to modernize anatolia ... no ... 6 . 
  erdogan - the present turkish government is autocratic as fuck and relaly does not comply with human rights standards at all . 
  i could keep going with about 5 more massive hurdles , but this is enough . . 
  thank you to the netherlands , we do n't need more corrupt balkan-countries getting closer to eu . 
  well eastern germany is a very special case , that is not applicatable anywere alse in europ\u00e9 . 
  i do agree about the second sentance though , presently it is one size fits no one policies that makes the basis for the euro-zone . 
  priceless , i could n't make this shit up :d and by the way , not really , check out the [ som-institute ] ( http://www.som.gu.se/ ) surverys about attitudes torwards immigration . 
  these are done using osu i.e. 
  the are representative . 
  if you wan na emabress yourself some more please feel free to . 
  awww , those facts hit the spot i see . 
  know what , not that i use discus but i probably will be on that list soon , after all debating this is probably ground for getting registerd by the likes of you . 
  do you really think that all these thousands of people have committed `` hets mot folkgrupp '' ? 
  and btw saying that `` i do n't like group/religion x '' is not a hate crime . 
  read the god damn laws and the precedents , like the \u00c5ke green case . 
  lean some stuff before you support totaliarian shit . 
  this is almost orwellian stuff . 
  what crimes ? 
  having an opinion , specifically in that you want less immigration is not a crime . 
  god almighty . 
  what are you a fucking idiot ? 
  do you realise that we 're talking about a newspaper that has collected and registred information about ordinary private citizens that has a different political opnion than the paper . 
  and that the newspaper starting today began publishing the names of those ** private cititzens ** that does not agree with the paper political views . 
  greece has been in the ec/eu for over thirty years , gotten massive amounts of various grants for inftastructure etc. 
  to foster convergence . 
  this has in large been fruitless , it is stil a tourism economy that is built arund the `` three s concept '' - sun , sand and some ruins . 
  hence greece is not suited to be in the euro-zone .
