does that make you a muslim apologetic apologetic ? 
  indonesia has been used as an example of moderate islam for quite some time now . 
  though how comes i see more and more headlines pop up with news about new lgbt-oppressing laws in indonesia . 
  [ certain provinces even implement sharia ? 
  ] ( http://www.alarabiya.net/articles/2010/01/02/96047.html ) is the city of jakarta really the only exception ? 
  at this point it is safer to conclude that islam is in fact not compatible with western democracy . 
  let me try to explain what is happening with muslim immigrants : they come in the country and will move to a big city . 
  there they will go and live in the same neighbourhood as the rest of the muslim community in that city . 
  in these neighbourhoods , parallel societies manifest . 
  societies that adhere strongly to their old culture , values and norms . 
  in there , we have no grip on what is being preached and what is happening . 
  islam is not compatible with a western democracy . 
  islam comes not with just a belief system , but an entire set of laws and rules to live by . 
  this is quickly forced upon others . 
  [ a few years ago an ` islamic democrat ' proposed a ban on dogs in the hague . 
  ] ( http://www.omroepwest.nl/nieuws/1714601/islam-democraten-wil-hondenvrij-den-haag ) most people fleeing their country and seeking refuge or opportunities in europe , flee because of severe problems in their home country . 
  problems usually deeply inherent to their islamic culture . 
  people coming here are welcome , if they are willing to let go of their old culture and willing to become part of our singular society . 
  haha fair enough !, 
  do n't you have wadden islands yourself though ? 
  or are they not as idyllic as ours ? 
  hush !, 
  those islands are our way of ` vacation in our own country ' !, 
  turkey was a modern democracy with all the freedoms that come with it . 
  now it is on the way of becoming like the rest of the mid-east, 
  the begin of the end for turkey ... 
  so sad ... 
  obviously it is a fictional situation . . though it is the best number to use since of is the national average . 
  this way it gives way more insight in a comparison with another country, 
  oh my bad then . 
  though i am pretty sure when i was in downtown london like 5 years ago i paid about 6 pounds for a coke on a terrace , or even from vending machine . 
  just tourist prices ? 
  for example , united kingdom 's gdp per person is 46.000 euros . 
  that is a lot , but if i recall correctly , a bottle of coke in london costs like 6 pounds right ? 
  that means you can do less with your 46.000 euros there , then for example in poland where i assume it costs like 1-2 euros . 
  this is what ppp does , it adjusts for the living costs in a country . 
  when i think about it , it infuriates me ... islam actually has western society by the balls in this regard ... an ideology too weak to stand the test of critic ... 
  i am no fan of wilders in a broader political spectrum , but he actually has some valid points about islam corrupting our western values . 
  no , ` t ' is pronounced , 's ' is pronounced , and ` ch ' are pronounced together as a dutch ` g ' . 
  so technically it is not 4 consonants , but 3 . 
  though the ` ng ' could be considered a single consonant as well , since it is a sound only used in that combination . 
  it also sounds a quite a bit different from a sole n and then a g . in ` ng ' you do n't pronounce the ` hard g ' we are infamous for . 
  although you are right there are no hard boundaries between dialects and languages , there is a general consensus i 'd say that a dialect is an understandable deviation , but when it becomes so different from the ` original ' language that you ca n't really understand anymore what they say , it has become its own language . 
  flemish for example is perfectly understandable for dutchmen , they just have different prononcuation . 
  they even have 99 % the same spelling of the words . 
  german though , is similar but way harder to understand . 
  i am not saying it is impossible to understand what they are saying , but that is mostly because of our knowledge of the german language . 
  their spelling of words is way different , and for children especially , german is unintelligeble . 
  shut up , dutch is the most natural sounding language ( to me ), 
  what do you mean with eastern europeans knowing the essence of humanity ? 
  i think it is a very noble and good cause in the long term , but i fear that as of right now it would n't be possible since the richer countries would n't want to see the money allocation to the east and south happening . 
  i personally do n't think that cultural heritage is that important , but rather work ethics and integrity that is inherent to certain cultures that resulted in big economic differences , is what currently prevents a superstate . 
  you are thinking in the right direction !, 
  how about : `` the netherlands and the not so nether lands '' seems accurate ? 
  so what would ` murica have done if a plane full of their civilians was shot down above a warzone ? 
  the value of freedom isnt absolute . 
  in this case the french forced some assimilation on the ` new french ' because integration is no sustainable way to handle immigration . 
  i am very curious how this turns out because i very much agree with the thought behind it . 
  well , ehm ... . the ... nobel prize sucks anyway !, 
  he threatened to kill the king and more . 
  he was in detention for two weeks already before the trial , so the judge gave him a month jail sentence . 
  since he already did 2 weeks , and the rest of the sentence was conditional , he actually did n't have to go to prison anymore after the ruling . 
  conclusion : the judge let him go under the condition that he did n't do stuff like that again in the next 2 years . 
  thank god it exists . 
  i do n't know what your point is exactly , but their so called ` anti rape ' laws do exactly the opposite : they encourage people to rape since there is no real punishment for it . 
  this woman has gone through hell and got sentenced even though she was the victim !, 
  you are one hell of a psychopath ... 
  with 40 million poles , it is also 5 times as big as greece, 
  as a dutchie , sweden . 
  i love the colder climate and their liberal attitude . 
  it is also a bit more populated than the neighbouring countries , which appeals me . 
  can netherlands into scandinavia ? 
  which town is this ? 
  it would be disproportionate to make the fine too high, 
  that might be , but one thing is for sure : striking in these hard economic times will get your country only in deeper shit . 
  anger towards what ? 
  we have our shit together here , unlike the french who should just fire every single striker since it is fucking ridiculous to strike in such positions, 
  apart from the standard answers like belgium or german because we share the same language/germanic roots , i would say england would come really close as well . 
  * we both love darts and beer * we are both renowned for how our youth drinks and parties in spain and greece * we share more of a history with you than france or germany , since we fought and c ompeted so much for our colonies * at least for the south of england , as i recall it looks quite similar nature wise , since we both have so much rain . 
  * similarly wealthy * english comedy is wildly popular here , since we have the same humour * and last but not least we used to be connected geograhically through doggerland :d, 
  you mean that you guys can still join * your * real home : the low countries !, 
  i grew up right next to the belgian border in dutch brabant , and now i study in the randstad . 
  i have had the same experience as well . 
  belgians and brabant/limburg are more bourgondic than they are here in the randstad . 
  i would n't go as far as calling them belgians with a silly accent , since it is you guys with the silly accent after all !, 
  indeed . 
  to be more precise , justianus gave the order to destroy an aquaduct supplying rome . 
  this led to all that water flooding the land , which turned it into a swamp . 
  musquitos thrive in swamps , and they brought malaria with them , which is the main cause of the decline of rome 's population from 1 million to about 60 thousand . 
  just wave a lightsaber at the french and wooooooooo, 
  i tried reading the article to find what those unpaid bills are specifically , but could n't find them . 
  could anyone explain to me how they come up with 62 billion . 
  what are those unpaid bills they are talking about ? 
  orange monarchy *, 
  je suis orange, 
  the grease of all the wurst tampers with the quality ... 
  well it is n't far from that . 
  when polled , people want to show their unsatisfaction with the current politicians , so they act all rebel and vote geert wilders . 
  when it actually comes to the real elections , people are like ` meh , do n't actually want that mofo to be the biggest ', 
  lol 'd at akp xd,
