the western betrayal . 
  noobs, 
  do you smoke ? 
  romanian high schooler , can confirm . 
  i 'm pretty sure that at least in my class , there are more girls who smoke than girls who do n't . 
  us guys are more ... reserved . 
  romania is so ... low . 
  u sure this is right ? 
  hmm fair . 
  we 'll take it . 
  wrong country to ask for oil purchasing , considering we have our fairly significant share of internally-produced oil . 
  i mean , we were the first country in the world to have an oil refinery . 
  hmm . 
  probably . 
  i 'm giving you the freedom to choose . 
  death by knife , or gunshot ? 
  there was an earthquake ? 
  i was out all night lol , did n't feel it at all . 
  lol you 're retarded i do n't blame gypsies for all of our problems , but they 're a problem in itself . 
  tottenham is a shithole . 
  i do n't want a gypsy genocide but i 'm more than happy with relocating them out of the country . 
  they refuse to integrate into the country 's society . 
  they 're jobless , homeless , beg on the streets , are filthy , uneducated , and a reminder of how our country is viewed as a hellhole filled with them overseas . 
  i 'd be open to the idea of the government relocating them unless they happen to be educated and have stable jobs . 
  seriously , fuck gypsies . 
  a dark patch on this beautiful country . 
  so let me get this straight . 
  you 're tall and blonde , you do n't pray when you see a church nearby , you 're not going to weddings . 
  weird . 
  you 're not too affectionate ? 
  personal space ? 
  you do n't like it when others stand less than half a foot in proximity to you ? 
  worse than anything else , you are fucking punctual ? 
  how are you even romanian ? 
  when i think of england , i think of a derelict dirty place filled with chavs . 
  you 're that milan fan from / r/soccer . 
  the fuck ? 
  are bulgarians on drugs ? 
  would n't vote for her if there was a gun forced to my head . 
  one of the politicians i dislike the most , right up there with ponta , udrea , basescu , and dragnea . 
  kovesi/ciolos are the ones you 're talking about . 
  lol, 
  i 'm sitting in the park with my friends and some hobo came here to tell us how the germans and americans are gon na send missiles . 
  and that the jews are behind it all . 
  lol, 
  i do n't wan na die, 
  i personally find this rather stupid too , it 's kinda pointless when it 'd still be legal for a good part of the population . 
  lol so you 're blaming `` fraudsters '' for the faults of your fundamentally corrupt country ? 
  britain has absolutely no future beyond being america 's puppet lapdog . 
  your economy ? 
  it 's down the toilet , your recent attempt at `` breaking free '' has just sent what made the uk wealthy into a huge downwards spiral from which you lot will suffer - drastically - effects of which are bound to be seen in maximum twenty years . 
  even worse , your government is completely aimless , a joke in international politics who ca n't even get internal issues sorted out . 
  your prime minister resigned after the referendum he promised actually happened . 
  the modern history of your nation is one of depression and recession . 
  it 's funny how you immediately think that us romanians are `` gypsies , fraudsters , and criminals '' , when we 're not black , and when we 're a much , much safer country than the uk !, 
  and it 's all in statistics !, 
  here you never have to worry about some disenfranchised drunken racist fool burns your home for being polish !, 
  this backwards country is also better socially than the `` wealthy uk '' , go figure !, 
  oh , but the youth , they do . 
  this country is growing - fast . 
  gdp growth of 5 % for every quarter since the start of 2015 is n't too shabby , and the urban areas are much more developed than many areas in the west . 
  and as a matter of fact , a statistical majority of those who studied overseas came back home and established successful businesses . 
  even more graduates have found good payments in top jobs , and a fair few have pioneered capitalism in this country . 
  sure , watch from the sidelines while the fire grows in your backyard . 
  then when you 'll really feel it by the skin you 'll realise how wrong you are - britain is bound to descend even further . 
  it speaks volumes when people would rather live in this `` backwards '' country than in the mess that is britain . 
  this shit neighbourhood is part of a city which has a gdp higher than more than half of england 's regions . 
  there is no single place in your moronic nation par london which has a higher standard of living than bucharest . 
  in twenty years , you lot will be begging to get back into the eu while countries like poland and romania will spearhead economic charts , outclassing the sorry excuse of a nation that the uk will turn into in the very near future . 
  have fun , you miserable prick . 
  it 's not even accurate because romanians are n't gypsies . 
  gypsies are indians . 
  that is a gypsy ghetto lol also an extremely poor quarter , and one which i pray i 'll never enter, 
  and romanians . 
  i 'd wager bulgarians are in the same boat . 
  serbs too . 
  probably bosnians too . 
  lol my high school let us students smoke in the courtyard during recess , until march , when the new anti-smoking law was introduced . 
  this terrorist group should be dealt with swiftly . 
  reminds me of something similar we used to say since the 2nd century , except for when the sun set . 
  i 'm not finnish , but i dislike france ( not the french , mind you ) . 
  i 'm the only one i knew who eats pizza without ketchup . 
  which is funny considering that bucharest most likely has a much , much higher gdp than that shithole of a town . 
  lol the guy who mugged me was black there are fery vew black romanians , no plot twist here , 
  i was mugged in paris too , and supposedly romania is a hotbed of crime . 
  rome is an entirely different city from paris , and from paris . 
  i 'd actually say berlin mainly falls in the same category with rome than with the other two . 
  paris and london are two densely populated cities , which means : - they 're quite expensive - filled with tourists - hotbeds of crime and potential terrorist targets, 
  paris . 
  extremely crowded with tourists , very expensive , and quite a dirty city . 
  i 'd recommend budapest or vienna as an alternative . 
  bucharest looked like a miniature version of paris before the communists started intentionally destroying vital pieces of architecture to make room for the huge number of workers through commie blocks . 
  warsaw was n't the only city affected by the war . 
  not surprised tbh . 
  romania liked the nazis tbf . 
  my grandfather was alive back then and he said life was comparatively good compared to the next years of soviet occupation - however , he was a kid . 
  lol that 's exactly what my aussie cousin said, 
  imi place germania !, 
  fair enough . 
  if they had roma parents , they 're roma , not romanian .
