  and by that you mean the uk and france continue to do everything . 
  sure thing unc, 
  on the one hand i find this to be pretty disappointing , but then again i would n't exist if my mum had n't gone to london to look for work , so i can hardly complain . 
  you seem to be taking one guardian article very personally . 
  the author does n't speak for everyone in the uk you know . 
  touche, 
  i do n't think that 's what happened . 
  i seem to remember india 's government stating that uk aid was i significant anyway , saying it was n't needed . 
  / r/india is a shithole full of rabid nationalists and teenagers . 
  do n't take it too seriously . 
  also iirc india bought the rafale because dassault offered more technology sharing options than bae . 
  the tax has been delayed on a technicality . 
  the government will rewrite the bill in order to satisfy the court 's ruling . 
  got ta love armchair political theorists sounding off like they know what they 're talking about when they have n't even got a basic understanding of the situation . 
  this is a neo nazi log site you tool . 
  everything in the article is utter bullshit, 
  hopefully mark carney 's appointment should help . 
  well , if anyone needs a military it 's kosovo . 
  switzerland is eye wateringly expensive . 
  i mean i guess it 's a sign of prosperity , but damn, 
  if the shoe fits ... 
  he 's trolling you, 
  english = those wankers, 
  why ? 
  lol, 
  hah , that 's rich coming from a beer drinking , sausage eating visigoth !, 
  how can poland be a `` leader '' in the eu when it is by far the largest beneficiary of eu funds ( cap and structural investment ) . 
  surely a war leader would be just another facet of being a politician ? 
  now where can i find a decent ivory buffer in this one horse town, 
  ... jimmy ? 
  swedish blood is forever tainted by interbreeding with mongol finns and lapplanders , a final solution to the `` swedish question '' must be found . 
  i disagree, 
  talk about first world problems . 
  what a bunch of oxygen thieves . 
  he 's always been seen by some as a kind of outsider figure , standing up to traditional cliques . 
  people seem to be viewing this whole situation as his latest hilarious stunt . 
  well that would make sense considering that population in the uk as a whole has been increasing, 
  many more than it would appear on / r/europe . 
  by the nature of this subreddit it has more people who support greater eu integration than the opposite . 
  just do n't touch my jerbs, 
  may allah have mercy on your soul , antttlliikkinnionnen, 
  based on some recent threads , this paper seems like a perfect fit for / r/europe, 
  i bet a petty spat between greece and turkey over some of these items would be the perfect excuse for the bm to dig its heels in and avoid sending this stuff back . 
  they 'd have stolen it back centuries ago . 
  that 's what separates the thieves and victims , i guess . 
  no thanks to you , gb2 your shitty imageboard perkele, 
  thanks for the input buster, 
  this is the true face of europe . 
  better that 's it out in the open so we can stop pretending that we 're oh so progressive compared to the usa . 
  what pisses me off though is when some chump from finland or romania tries to tell me how muslims are destroying my country etc. 
  i 've lived in ethnically diverse neighborhoods all my life , i do n't need pricks who 've never seen a person with skin darker than dulux feather down \u2122 matt lecturing me . 
  pretty much . 
  hay guise where are threads about finlan :d :d :d :d, 
  you responded to a comment i made in reply to someone who was discussing the republic 's government 's approach to reducing unionist power in ni . 
  i assumed you would have understood that a hypothetical unified ireland is what we were discussing . 
  and as i 've repeatedly said , an absolute majority is not necessary to have significant political power with a proportional representation system . 
  a united ireland, 
  ... i just explained why not being in the numerical majority does n't automatically discount them from having political power in the roi ... 
  there would be , if the north became part of the republic . 
  which is what we 're talking about , right ? 
  yes , but ireland has a system of proportional representation . 
  this means that the electorate is very fragmented , so a solid voting bloc of unionists who will reliably vote for certain parties vastly increases their influence . 
  they would , by protestants . 
  with the republic 's proportional representation system , a tightly knit protestant voting bloc would be able to cause all sorts of trouble in the irish parliament . 
  so you do n't give a shit about how immigration can benefit a country , you just want it to be quaint little touristy playground . 
  i grew in an area with loads of people from africa and asia and i 'd also like to chime in to say that you have no fucking idea what you 're on about . 
  ... why the fuck is this comment being upvoted , fuck, 
  the point is that scotland would n't be kicked out . 
  it would leave , by leaving the uk . 
  but the so called `` east '' , i.e. 
  the democratic republic , became part of the `` west '' , the federal republic . 
  no one `` inherited '' anything . 
  the roi has given up on serious attempts to unify the island . 
  i doubt that would factor in their political calculations . 
  that `` the man who screwed an entire country '' cover is the greatest, 
  this idea that we know better than arabs is what got us into this mess in the first place . 
  self-determination , even if it leads to a ( moderate ) islamist government is better than continuing to deal with greedy dictators exploiting and exacerbating ethnic divisions . 
  people are still being killed in a centuries old conflict and all you can think of is how it supports your case for a federal europe . 
  well , okay . 
  but i ca n't help but think that you might be taking people disagreeing with you to them being `` misguided '' . 
  well you should n't be surprised , you do play zerg after all, 
  i fail to see your point . 
  nah , i just remember your username, 
  i guess i must have missed the fsa suddenly becoming part of the muslim brotherhood . 
  turkey requested german patriot pac-3 missiles , which are capable of shooting down the rockets which have been landing in turkey . 
  completely incorrect . 
  there are many salafist and jihadi groups inside syria , but the vast majority of the rebel fighters are ordinary syrians who desire a democratic government . 
  and these groups are the ones that have been around since the beginning too , foreign jihadists have only been arriving in force recently as the uprising has dragged on . 
  lol , you 're that guy who got really mad at people in / r/starcraft when they objected to you plugging your stream repeatedly . 
  i guess you 've decided not to confine your crazy to a single subreddit . 
  i 've never understood why people consider referring to the rest of europe as `` europe '' is weird . 
  french newspapers do it all the time . 
  jesus h. christ , do you people have to twist absolutely fucking everything to suit your narrative ? 
  i 'm fairly certain that the `` gap between peoples '' could n't get any deeper considering they were slaughtering each other . 
  with your talk of `` separatist movements '' and `` small nations '' i have a sneaking suspicion that self-determination is not high on your list of priorities . 
   anybody would 've lost the war at the time against the biggest bully in the world ( nato forces ) yes , stopping a genocidal civil war is being a bully . 
  north korea always up to no good, 
  oh , my bad, 
  repost http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/13mid3/guy_verhofstadt_mep_criticises_nigel_farages_lack/, 
  i remember one of my teachers telling me about this .
