  til china is savage as fuck, 
  someone using any kind of satellite positioning system wants it to work as quickly as possible - not spend 20 minutes fucking around trying to find a satellite like some do at the moment . 
  if it can work with several or even all systems then that 'll only improve things . 
  they publish a magazine in english , where you can find all of this information . 
  google `` dabiq grey zone '' . 
  they regularly put out statements and press releases . 
  shit , they 're all over twitter . 
  isis have explicitly said that their aim is to provoke a harsh reaction from western governments which will eliminate moderate muslims from our society ( radicalise them ) . 
  people from all over the world fought for the uk in iraq and afghanistan, 
  german humour strikes again, 
  this was posted here weeks ago, 
  good lord sweden and the world is so cancerously awful . 
  they ai n't wrong though , the metro smells like piss even at midday . 
  train stations too , you have n't experienced hell until you 've had to wait a few hours for a train at the gare de bercy . 
  all right settle down . 
  it 's not the end of the world . 
  i think that cooperation between eu nations is necessary and must be expanded in the future . 
  but that 's very different to having one armed force . 
  and eu cooperation does n't always go smoothly , just look at the gigantic gagglefuck that the a400m project has become . 
  plenty of european countries have strong military r&d . despite shrinking defence budgets i feel that a united eu military would cause far , far more problems than it would solve . 
  got ta get those vegetables, 
  everyone who has written something mildly negative about the pirate party has been heavily downvoted . 
   london media lol, 
  reciprocal i think would be a better term , implying that both parties benefit . 
   all your points can be covered with what i feel like most britons want - which is free trade with europe whilst being able to govern ourselves . 
  this is an important point i feel . 
  i also feel like a not so insignificant number of french people also feel this way . 
  i do n't like that some europhiles seem to have this idea that the eu can make us into some kind of global superpower . 
  imo it 's a very dangerous way to look at things . 
  do n't try and blame him just ` cos you ca n't handle a little bit of banter . 
  same in french . 
  i dunno , according to an article in le monde even cameron has avoided using the word `` veto '' so far . 
  this sort of thing really ca n't be predicted before people actually start seriously campaigning to effect public opinion one way or the other . 
  were n't they going to ask for a real terms freeze ? 
  i do n't think this would be a massive issue considering that the us economy is far more innovative than most eu countries ( i believe its only behind denmark and sweden in per capita terms ) . 
  i think he 's talking more about the falcon heavy , which will be able to compete with ariane 5 in terms of payload ( i believe it carries twice as much ) . 
  then again ariane 5 has 48 consecutive successful launches since 2002 . 
  we 'll see if falcon can compete with that when they start filling their backlog of orders . 
  it pretty much is them and us in this case , since cameron 's been forced by the commons to demand a freeze while afaik no other eu country 's assembly has mandated one, 
  well , that depends . 
  the merger had very long term aims in mind . 
  eads has a strong balance sheet in the civilian market , but have been completely shut out of the usa . 
  bae was supposed to help with that . 
  yeah , opium is very easy to grow and quite valuable . 
  if they started eradicating peoples crops a lot of afghans would likely starve . 
  spend less time on / pol / . 
  the woman in the video is not the woman who was murdered . 
  not much of an article really , more of a stub . 
  i usually like k-money 's articles too . 
  good lord yes . 
  i think i 'd throw up a little in my mouth if i saw someone posting with the pirate party flag . 
  a disproportionate amount of poles went to the uk compared with other countries . 
  the governments of the other major eu immigration destinations placed restrictions on immigration from the new eu countries , while the government of the uk did n't . 
  i assume this is what he was talking about . 
  your username is `` chemicalpleasure '', 
  generally its a pretty even spread across all four nationalities . 
  i dunno , if someone cares enough about hearts to stab me for wearing their jersey then more power to them i guess, 
   britain used to be the biggest empire on this planet and one of the richest nations in europe . 
  british people do n't talk about that stuff half as much as other nationalities do on / r/europe . 
  give is a rest . 
  it is the paedogeddon after all, 
  it 's misleading to view this solely as some kind of clash of opposing economic systems . 
  the tendency of the government to do this is why i was worried that the gallois report would be swept under the carpet ( which is what the economist seemed to think would happen ) , luckily they seem to be taking it seriously . 
  the simple fact is that if we ca n't compete with other european countries , let alone emerging economies , our way of life will become unsustainable . 
  it 's / r/europe . 
  any thread to do with roma/sinti/travellers devolves into a shower of cunts . 
  [ this article is better for that . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-20250533 ) it shows that money invested in space technology is n't just navel-gazing , it promotes economic growth and jobs . 
  that 's probably a better way of persuading governments to increase or at least maintain funding in esa in these times of austerity . 
  the fact that they report attacks in relatively remote areas well before anyone else . 
  that is n't the real debate , those who suggest that they are biased wonder if the casualty figures they provide are inflated to make the regime look worse than it is . 
  whether or not an artillery strike took place in some village can be corroborated a few days later , the casualty count usually ca n't be, 
  russia has no fucking influence in the middle east compared to the us . 
  tartus is a shoddy little naval supply base with no actual armed russian presence . 
  russia ca n't even send its aircraft carrier there without a few tugboats to drag it to port when it inevitably breaks down . 
  the us has a network of bases all over the region complete with combat aircraft and thousands of men . 
  this war is n't about bloody russia . 
  this is about a civil war , divided along ethnic lines , in europe 's backyard . 
  the longer this goes on , the more bloodletting and score-settling will be done once it inevitably ends . 
  we have a responsibility to do something about this . 
   the downside is that the saudi 's get their way and it is entirely probable that syria will , for the foreseeable future , become an orthodox islamic nation in the middle east . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  the fsa is riven with divisions and has yet to produce a credible united front , true , but the islamists are faaar from the dominant political faction . 
  they are in a heavy minority , with pretty much all senior positions and the vast majority of fighters in the fsa being ordinary syrian sunnis who want democracy , not an islamic caliphate . 
  what led you to believe this , seriously , have you not read anything about syria at all ? 
  regardless the observatory appears to have a fair few people on the ground monitoring casualty numbers . 
  actually western intervention would likely lead to less immigrants . 
  although the point is moot because tens of thousands of syrians have already fled the country , they now live in makeshift camps in lebanon , turkey and other countries in the area . 
  i do n't see why you think all these people will suddenly flood into france . 
  go back to / pol /, 
  just letting you know . 
  in the context you use it in the suggestion you are making is n't that britain arguably gave christianity to ireland , but rather than christianity is arguably the worst thing britain gave to ireland . 
  if that was n't your intended meaning you should have written something like `` christianity was arguably brought to ireland by britain , one of the worst things the british did to ireland '' . 
  no one really knows how christianity reached britain and ireland , it 's only inferred that it came to ireland through britain . 
  it 's also shitty blogspam . 
   the problem is that when the french elite talk ( particularly the left ) about britain they are not only wrong but so often determinedly wrong . 
  it was the same on friday . 
  the specific ( and implied ) grouse was why can britain not see that it has no alternative but to sooner or later accept the french view of europe and the world ? 
  this is something i feel we see a lot on this subreddit . 
  yeah , heaven forfend someone actually challenge your views .
