  they 've been called out countless times , pressure 's been put on them , but what exactly can one do that 's within reach ? 
  how exactly would the policies of a country such as sweden influence the fact that israel thinks it 's the sole sovereign of all of palestine ? 
  exactly shite all in terms of serious political pressure has been placed on israel through legit diplomatic channels . 
  the state department gave in like wet chippy paper when israel refused to renew the settlement freeze . 
  `` calling out '' is a meaningless gesture that europe uses all to often to avoid making hard choices about what we will actually tolerate . 
  so if we 're taking sweden as an example , they buy into all this eu-wide foreign policy , consensus building stuff . 
  that would put them in the perfect position to try and build support among smaller eu countries to take a harder line against israel . 
   to even begin to make a dent in israel 's policies , you need to have lobbies strong enough to influence politicians in the states . 
  this is a pathetic cop-out . 
  if the average european voter actually gave a shit about the israel-palestine conflict a few well-funded lobby groups would be powerless to prevent a change in policy . 
  the man in the street does n't care , and these so-called `` activists '' are more interested in voyeuristic conflict tourism than changing that . 
   just look at the uproar over the choice of hagel as defense secretary . 
  he 's being bashed because he 's not pro-israeli , and his own party is against him . 
  you 've made the mistake of uncritically taking the adl and senator graham 's hot air at face value . 
  obama 's team is clever , they already have the votes the need to ensure that hagel slips through his confirmation with less friction than a greased scotsman in an air vent . 
   this is especially valuable in a conflict such as this where a lot of the media outlets are either not reporting or are taking a side in the reporting . 
  now , when she 's gone back home she 's able to raise awareness of how palestinians are being treated in israel by telling her story and stirring up a debate . 
  i think the conflict is adequately covered in western media , if you actually take the time to look beyond the nightly news . 
  seems like they want to be the story , rather than simply report on it . 
   the girl went there with two friends from ung v\u00e4nster aka the youth organization of sweden 's leftist party v\u00e4nsterpartiet . 
  so , yeah . 
  she 's already doing that . 
  well , that 's great then . 
  i hope the part itself does n't condone this type of thing though . 
  well , you should n't . 
  you 'll just be tired when you get the shit kicked out of you/stabbed . 
  the fact that if he 's being downvoted , it must be by israelis . 
  this smacks of conspiratorial paranoia . 
  the fuck does informing themselves have to do with anything ? 
  all they do is get involved in volatile situations that can easily devolve into violence , get twatted in the face , get a nice new picture for their organization 's fb page . 
  the only thing that helps is their own ego , the palestinians remain in the same plight . 
  if they really wanted to help them they 'd be active in their own country 's politics , working to elect politicians who would put more pressure on israel to freeze settlement building . 
   and they 're probably here now and downvoting this post . 
  do me a favour . 
  you do realize that non-israelis might , conceivably , disagree with you ? 
  well obviously the settlers are in the wrong , but the idea is that you leave them to the idf . 
  you do n't try and chase down muggers personally for example . 
  european activism tourists really need to stop sticking their heads into protests/sit-ins over there . 
  all they do is endanger themselves and everyone around them . 
  although unlike the locals they can fuck off back to their parents houses and a nice healthcare system when they do get hurt . 
  especially since he himself has asked for credit ratings to used as the yardstick to measure his chancellorship by . 
  what a bunch of bollocks . 
  if that 's the yardstick you 're using then you 're plain wrong , there are way more polish supermarkets springing up than there are indian restaurants . 
  i do n't see why we 're singling out asians then . 
  it 's not like they 're more anti-immigration than the average person . 
   http://i.imgur.com/cqxikyp.jpg i do n't understand this at all . 
  indian people have been living in the uk for generations . 
  how are they comparable to first generation immigrants just because they have brown skin ? 
  or are you somehow saying that white , eastern europeans are `` better '' than asian people ? 
  i 'm also confused why you 're taking a few statements from individual politicians , some of whom such as le pen are known to be fringe extremists , and trying to misrepresent them as some kind of nationwide mindset . 
   hey , look , evidence that lifting the restrictions was n't harmful . 
  i guess the german government was worried by the polish example because france and germany did originally have labour market restrictions on poland , but the uk did n't , so the uk saw huge polish migration . 
  it seems that it was quite beneficial , but iirc this was some time before the financial crisis and recession . 
  i guess the concern now is that western european economies ca n't handle a wave of migration . 
  good show, 
  [ here 's one which is big enough to actually read . 
  ] ( https://estefuertenoserinde.files.wordpress.com/2013/01/aamalimap.gif ) why would you post a version which has been resized so that you ca n't even read the text ? 
  i found this one in under 10 seconds using google images . 
  no excuse really . 
  no , it did happen . 
  just not in ' 05 , which is when these stats were recorded . 
  this must be the third or fourth time i 've seen a poster with a german flag make this exact comment after someone with a uk flag makes a shit joke . 
  you guys have a real inferiority complex . 
  sure you did, 
  okay , was wondering if it would cause dometic political problems . 
  echoes of wwi etc, 
  special air service, 
  someone 's a fullbright scholar ? 
  this is obviously a reason to dismiss their opinions !, 
  maybe if he was a member of the shoreditch anarcho-communo-socialist happyfriendship circle his credentials would be more appealing to you . 
  no , it is n't part of the mainland uk , obviously . 
  but it is an overseas territory under protection of the government . 
  using pathetic semantics as an excuse to sell out your citizens is a perfect example of the type of behavior that european nations who do take defence seriously are disdainful of . 
  i wonder what the falklanders who had argentinian soldiers trashing their homes and defecating in their kitchens would have made of such an argument . 
  `` sorry guys , but you are n't technically part of the uk , so ... good luck ! '', 
  the falklands/malouines were completely deserted before settlement by two independent british and french fishing villages . 
  they were on opposite sides of the island and were unaware of each others existence . 
  the only argentinian presence on the island , apart from the 1982 occupation , was a naval garrison . 
  when a royal navy warship approached , the argentinian sailors mutinied , killed their captain and fled . 
  in the sandbox the danish battlegroup basically operates as part of the british brigade . 
  would that not cause a problem for irish politicians ? 
  lol, 
  we 're all part of nato and only two countries spend the mandated 2 % of gdp ... 
  somehow i do n't think this would work out . 
  why would other eu nations suddenly spend billions more on defence when they can continue sponging off of usa , france and the uk ? 
  so ... what would the uk and france benefit from it then ? 
   and you assume that those subs have n't been tested against the nasty active sonars ... of course they have . 
  very extensively i assume , those are some damn good boats . 
  i 'm just noting one of the many ways in which exercises are different from real combat . 
  and sonar testing chambers are different from combat . 
   the number of exercises the us has reset and set rules to stop the forces aligned against the carriers from `` cheating '' is shocking . 
  you mean one . 
  the milennium challenge . 
  in which the opfor twisted the rules , doing shit like mounting [ granit missiles ] ( http://www.veteranstoday.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/02/screenhunter_04-feb.-21-23.33-320x110.jpg ) and their targeting systems onto jetskis and recreational speedboats . 
  and having magic motorcycle couriers who could teleport through warzones to deliver messages instantly . 
  also , as i mentioned above , exercises are n't head to head contests with no more purpose than kids bashing their action figures together to see which one is tougher . 
  they are intended to learn specific lessons and test things out . 
  by childishly exploiting holes in the rules to `` win '' you defeat the whole purpose of the multi-million dollar exercise . 
  so of course they fucking well `` refloated '' the carriers and started it again . 
  it 's actually really funny how many nationalistic posts someone from a small european country will make when one of their little diesel submarines manages to hypothetically sink a us carrier in a hypothetical combat scenario .
