  there are about 1.85 million cctv cameras in the uk , and only about 33,000 of those are owned and operated by the government . 
   there are only 1.85 million cctv cameras in the uk , not 4.2 million as commonly claimed , according to research undertaken by the deputy chief constable of cheshire and acpo lead on cctv , graeme gerrard . 
  the vast majority are privately owned , meaning that they have been set up by business owners etc to safeguard their property , rather than being part of a gigantic government monitoring network as some seem to believe . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.politics.co.uk/reference/cctv ), 
   smaller nations have a way higher voting weight than their share in population or economic strength would suggest . 
  is that not intentional ? 
  i always thought that part of the eu 's raison d'etre was to give small countries the power to make their voice heard on the regional level , in order to avoid larger countries making all the important decisions . 
  every country in the eu is out to further its own agenda . 
  the trick is finding ways of satisfying at least parts of each country 's aims . 
  what i do n't understand is why many europeans ( and / r/europeans specifically ) care so very much about british euroskepticism . 
  there seems to be this idea that the uk ` needs ' to realise that tighter integration with europe is the way to go . 
  surely we are n't so integral to the eu that greater integration , federalization etc ca n't occur within countries that are willing to do so unless the uk joins in ? 
  if you were a tourist in london , then i assume you 'll have visited various museums , perhaps the houses of parliament etc. 
  i would n't be surprised if you got your bag searched going into most big tourist attractions in any country . 
  ... preliminary birth ? 
   she told the paper la capitale that most harassment was by men with maghreb roots but the film was more about the social status of the neighbourhood than ethnicity . 
  i guess you missed that part . 
  just another way for / r/europe to simultaneously bash the uk and muslims , the two favourite hate-circlejerks of these subreddits . 
  how to people find the time and money to do stuff like this ? 
  i agree fully . 
  my own brother died after smoking 4 weeds in a row . 
  romney seems to be ignorant and disrespectful towards other countries . 
  obama is not , he is far more cosmopolitan . 
  being able to ad lib good speeches does not necessarily mean that you will be a good president , george bush was very good at it . 
  i was wondering why people make these sorts of comments , so i looked through some of your previous posts . 
  yeah ... 
  it explained a lot . 
  yes , and in those countries civilian protesters were n't being slaughtered in the streets . 
  i disagree with the op , but surely anyone can tell that sowell is hardly an impartial observer . 
  give us a fucking break already , holy shit . 
  / r/europe sometimes makes me wonder just how many people on the continent take our newspaper articles on this stuff 100 % seriously ... 
  and that 's supposed to be a good thing ? 
   mykonos is a place which has unfortunately succumbed to the world of westernisation ironic you should say that , since greece is the source of what is now considered ` western ' culture . 
   presstv hahahaha . 
  take that skytheists !, 
  those dumb xtians ca n't handle your bravery levels, 
  the usa is an awesome country , do n't worry . 
  oh / r/europe . 
  you guys 'll upvote blatant racism as long as its couched in comforting pro-eu rhetoric . 
  ... what ? 
  what on earth made you think that was an appropriate comparison ? 
  european nations have always looked out for their own interests , and benefited greatly from it . 
  i would n't call this `` sustainable '' , but then again politicians are n't looking for sustainability , they want quick results so that they have something to show the electorate . 
  and this is true on the european level as well as the national . 
  what if they ca n't be ? 
  its naive to think that in every situation there will be an attainable outcome which produces equally beneficial results for all nations involved . 
   that 's why i do n't like when i see heads of government getting out of the european council and say `` i won against the others '' . 
  this is exactly the wrong message , this is the exactly the way to defeat . 
  i wish i could believe this as wholeheartedly as he does , but it seems to me that there are some very significant differences between european countries which will inevitably lead to them desiring different outcomes in european union policy meetings . 
  do n't buy jack shit from cold steel 2 . 
  why the fuck do you want a kukri anyway ? 
  my country ( the uk ) spent years negotiating with your country to end the violence . 
  serbian leaders strung us along with promises of peace , all the while continuing their military operations and targeting of civilians . 
  in the end we had to send 9,000 troops to end the violence , and 80 of them died . 
  though not before serbian forces had killed thousands of civilians and made us look like idiots . 
  i know that you personally did n't take part in any of this , but surely you can understand why i 'm slightly miffed when a serbian paramilitary organisation takes an oath with the same idiotic ideology which caused thousands of deaths not much over a decade ago . 
  oh dear , i was hoping they 'd gone and added something along the lines of `` we promise to not ethnically cleanse any more muslims or commit any more massacres '', 
  i see serbia is continuing the fine tradition of equipping their dudes with acu digital camouflage in a vain attempt to look more professional . 
  if the vast majority are pro-eu , then why not hold specific referendums on the issue of federalism ? 
  why is it in the interests of the two countries which can already do all of those things ( uk and france ) when most european states have shown in the past that they are willing to skimp on defence spending and let the us/nato pick up the slack ? 
  [ luckily the polish government made this video to explain polish culture to britons . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6hndhxjsfwa ), 
  this just in : footballing nations in playful rivalry shocker, 
  you really do n't know what goes on without jeeves do you ? 
  i saw drunk assholes in hysterics in college towns , people on reddit were happy but not hysterical . 
  bin laden was a mass murderer . 
  he had a large part in thousands of americans being killed . 
  what did you expect ? 
  its not exactly a unique phenomenon in the west either , take [ the end of the falklands wa ] ( http://freepages.military.rootsweb.ancestry.com/~cyberheritage/bigh2.jpg ) r for example . 
  respect is not the same as adulation . 
   amongst some to a definite majority . 
  maybe back in '03 or '04 when the post 9/11 wave of patriotism was still riding high he had some popularity , but not any more . 
  i 'm pretty sure you are n't allowed to desert the swedish army either ... 
  how can you love weapons ? 
  people generally tend to respect military members who are injured or make an ama , but it does n't extend to adulation . 
  toby keith is a joke in the us , especially amongst the type of americans who post on reddit , i.e. 
  young and mostly leaning towards the political left . 
  plenty of americans are opposed to what their military does and often are opposed many members of it . 
  you take this stuff way to seriously, 
  yes , god forbid we should have a sense of humour, 
  lalala ca n't hear you over the sound of our gigantic fuck off dragon, 
  australia has nuclear test sites too . 
  what 's your point ? 
  woah . 
  well , how about that . 
  that figure was the first sentence of the article , the interviews which made up the rest were quite interesting , i thought . 
  probably at least 100 . 
  at least one raf squadron ( 39 sqn ) is permanently based in the usa . 
  [ good grief , this gentleman appears to be rather mad ] ( http://cdn.newsthump.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/10/royal-laugh.jpg ), 
  big ben is slightly askew !, 
  someone must answer for this outrage, 
  and yet now serbia and croatia are on their way to joining the eu . 
  do we want to consider them part of europe or not ? 
  maybe we could have done it on our own . 
  we probably have enough aircraft , but if it was a solely european operation it would have been incredibly costly and would have involved significant portions of our air forces , not just a few squadrons . 
  for the us the operation was a minor sideshow . 
  i seriously doubt the public would have been willing to bear the costs of such a massive operation . 
  not 20 years ago there was [ war on european soil ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yugoslavian_civil_war ) , which we seemed powerless to stop . 
  in fact the german leader at the time was was condemned by many for deploying german military units as part of the nato force which eventually helped put a stop to it . 
  there 's no way in hell that a solely european force could have put a stop to it , both due to political pressure at home and the lack of resources .
