  much better to stay in an echo chamber where arguments presented on the website of a group whose explicit purpose is to campaign for the abolition of the monarchy is somehow taken as fact . 
  it 's actually an average for the period 1994-2001 . 
  not very useful tbh . 
  we have a massive inferiority complex and like nothing more than prostrating ourselves before our american masters, 
  well we all have a weakness for a catchy name . 
  it can often obscure the true nature of what happened , but the catchier name is the one that 'll stick , even in professional academic circles . 
  that data is from 2009 . 
  [ this has more recent data ] ( http://image.guardian.co.uk/sys-files/guardian/documents/2012/01/26/eu27_money.pdf ) [ pdf warning ], 
  man , the big three really ca n't catch a break in this thread . 
  i feel especially sorry for germany though , simultaneously nazis and doormats . 
  he was also explicitly invited by the dominant political faction in the country at that time , with the express purpose of putting down catholics , who were a clear minority at the time . 
  it can certainly be called an invasion , but characterizing it solely in that fashion is reductive and not historically useful . 
  it 's pretty weird . 
  the queen 's husband is greek but considers himself to be danish . 
  this is a thread created for the explicit purpose of posting politically incorrect generalizations of entire european nations . 
  italy also receives far more than the uk . 
  italy 's net contribution is 4.2 billion euros , the uk 's is 5.4 billion . 
  are you joking ? 
  i 'm reading beevor 's ` stalingrad ' right now , so seeing someone ( apparently unironically ) using such language is really tripping me out . 
  generally the funerals of such people are kept low-key , or secret if possible . 
  they tend to become a mecca ( no pun intended ) for radical crazies . 
  there 's nothing to be discussed . 
  the title of this post misrepresents the actual and so is not worthy of discussion . 
  no doubt some muslim in france or the uk will murder someone in the near future and you 'll have your next 400 comment discussion on this subreddit , just be patient . 
  we 've got a fair few spammers in this subreddit who are pretty committed to posting as many links that make muslims look bad as possible . 
  whatever you say cracker, 
  i just downvoted you . 
  does that make me an english apologist ? 
  prick . 
  another day , another misleading , rabble rousing post by stupidquestionsredux . 
  thanks, 
  [ they deserve it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=izerat4fbwa ), 
  this is completely pointless to be honest , there was a very even spread of choices among a significant amount of the questions . 
  that 's the entry for no belief/atheist . 
  i think you 've read it wrong . 
  the very top entry is people who did n't check anything for that question . 
  twelve people on / r/europe claim to do meth . 
  interdasting . 
  also , any way to view all the results for the dual nationality ? 
  i want to know if i 'm the only franco-briton here . 
  the main point of the article was that the people who we hope will someday run russia , the educated , liberal middle-class , want to be more like europe , not more like asia ( which appears to be what putin and the oligarchy want ) . 
  lol , when you 're getting upvoted i know this thread 's gon na be a shitfest . 
  so was this created by / r/europecirclejerk or something ? 
  every page on that site is filled with spelling errors . 
  also they missed a trick not calling the `` le swedish party of america '' . 
  i dunno , but i highly doubt it . 
  apparently the author wrote a chapterlet for each nation , so he 'd need a bit more justification than that . 
  i assume the original british peace enforcement mission in cyprus would count though . 
  my grandad spent his military service deporting palestinians . 
  apparently some jewish terrorists tried to bomb a base he was stationed at , too . 
  during world war 1 , hundreds of thousands of french troops and tens of thousands of british were sent to the balkans . 
  they fought various nations and wandered all over the place after the war ended mopping up , accepting surrenders etc. 
  and the uk sent something like 20,000 troops to kosovo in the 90s . 
  i guess that counts . 
  nah , if you read the article it says that troops needed to be within the country 's current national borders . 
  there were thousands of british troops along with french and greek units all over that area in world war i. i assume they at least passed through at some point . 
  i guess you could say ... they got merck 'd . 
  a fair number of poles who migrated to the uk ( france and germany placed limits on the number who could come here ) are actually going back , or at least they were earlier on in the crisis . 
  apparently its lord mcalpine . 
  what ? 
  that article shows no connection between the future trident replacement and his comments on european nations spending too little on defence . 
  it just says that he made them in the same interview . 
  you 're reading way too much into this , although i guess i should n't be surprised considering you 're the type of person who feels the need to bold and italicize specific words in your argument . 
  as if any country is `` loyal '' to the eu . 
  every nation involved is out for their own interests . 
  the interests of france , germany and most others happen to coincide with greater eu spending an integration , while the uk 's ( at least in the short term ) do not . 
  just what this subreddit needs , more absolute nutters . 
  i mean picking on norway of all countries ? 
  really ? 
  do n't downvote this guy . 
  he 's correct . 
   the reports make it clear that most civilians , by far , were killed by other iraqis . 
  two of the worst days of the war came on aug. 31 , 2005 , when a stampede on a bridge in baghdad killed more than 950 people after several earlier attacks panicked a huge crowd , and on aug. 14 , 2007 , when truck bombs killed more than 500 people in a rural area near the border with syria . 
  what a silly inference to make . 
  based on this one quote you 've decided that he must be taking about trident ? 
  and for another thing lockheed martin employs hundreds of people in the uk . 
  although that is n't exactly relevant to the question of european nations relying on the us/france/uk for their security . 
  compared to the us , even our right-wing parties are quite moderate, 
  and who was arrested by the uk police for writing those articles ? 
  the two situations are n't comparable . 
   cornish africa yes, 
   colony imports well that 's just silly . 
  although i suppose i should n't expect anything different from a website called `` gulf news '' . 
  i wonder how much reporting they do on the egregious human rights violations of the gulf states ? 
  asian workers in the uae and saudi arabia are treated worse than arabs are in israel , to say nothing of domestic staff ( maids etc ) . 
   in before the israeli downvote kibbutz arrives . 
  oh fuck off why do n't you . 
  believe it or not there are people out there who happen to disagree with you on this issue . 
  it 's childish to pretend that they are some kind of evil conspiracy rather than simply people who have different opinions . 
  lighten up, 
  yay yet another thread about this, 
   making a career of the chaos in kosovo/south serbia/whatever-it 's - called . 
  oh come off it . 
  she was a key part of formulating a policy that helped put an end to brutal ethnic cleansing . 
  between this stuff and the england under-21s match i 'm not sure i want serbia anywhere near the eu . 
  this is true , but we still should n't ignore the fact that the serbs have a larger share of the blame to shoulder . 
   ireland got its independence in 1921 and emigration boom ended there . 
  ridiculous . 
  tens of thousands of irish people emigrated to the uk alone after ww2 due to the huge demand for construction workers . 
  and please stop trying to speak for all european countries .
