  having like 10 nations each send a few hundred soldiers , each with different but strict regulations/roe would be a nightmare . 
  france would n't be able to pull of this operation with logistical support though . 
  great post , well done . 
  it 's not a knowledge issue , just opposition politicians looking to score points off the government . 
  i mean the spd guy says he even opposes unarmed reconnaissance drones , he obviously just wants to chip away at the cdu any way he can . 
  getting angry at clickbait bullshit like gawker ( and increasingly the telegraph.co.uk ) is pointless . 
  they 're never going to live up to proper journalistic standards , just ignore them and move on . 
  dunno which polls you 've been reading bro, 
  i bet those protesters do n't live in areas within range of syrian artillery ... 
   external views are so often much less clouded . 
  this may be true in general , but verhofstadt 's is definitely not one of them, 
  fun fact - every eu military combined has a grand total of eight strategic transport aircraft , the raf 's c-17s . 
  we 're forced to rely on private russian airlift companies , who can be extremely unreliable . 
  ... i need an adult, 
  oh dear , considering i live in edinburgh that 's an unfortunate mistake to make . 
  although it is the england of scotland , as they say . 
  typical disgusting anglo-saxon chauvinism !, 
  uk is the only one which might commit significant numbers , and cameron and hague have both ruled it out in the strongest possible terms . 
  they 're gon na have to rely on african infantry . 
  this is / r/europe bro . 
  that 's why there 's so many racist wankers about . 
  grew up in north london , more muslim kids in my school than there were white kids . 
  you 're full of shit . 
  no way in hell wiggins is a doper . 
  no , it 's because german gay porn is known for having loads of bdsm dungeon stuff . 
  cromwell led campaigns against various scottish armies ( after they invaded the north of england , i believe ) but he did n't commit atrocities similar to those in ireland . 
  that 's the joke, 
  you guys are really trying to hard with this nordic business, 
  it 's obviously not as simple about being `` anti-business '' . 
  people should n't deny that we have a competitiveness problem though . 
  hopefully government policy will address this in the future , but i 'm not holding my breath . 
  exactly, 
   it is not about the specific men . 
  it is about the infrastructure and logistics . 
  for example , an entire cottage industry was built upon making and servicing rifles and ammunition . 
  once you have such a micro economy legitimized and providing employment to citizens , then that place will of course descend into chaos . 
  there is a nice vice documentary about this cottage arms and ammunition industry . 
  check out the one they did on afpak border . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=finrqcocwge err , you do realize that the usa did n't start the war right ? 
  trust me when i say that us funds are definitely not needed for a country to be awash with small arms . 
  this has nothing to do with western involvement . 
   so if france builds up something similar in mali , and the jihadis win 20 years from now , what will happen ? 
  taliban does not exist in a vaccum . 
  they buy weapons from the same place where mujahiddin bought it , and they use the same vehicles that were shipped in for them . 
  look up stinger missiles in hands of these jihadis for an even more egregious mistake of usa . 
  well for one thing stingers wo n't work 20 years later , or even 5 . 
  all heat seeking manpads have batteries in the seeker heads which wear out after a few years . 
  and i think its silly to claim that the usa is responsible for the weapons in afghanistan , the soviets shipped in millions of weapons and tens of millions of rounds of ammunition , much of which was lost , stolen or sold on the black market . 
   in other words i am asking what happens if france establishes a weapon supply chain , and then 10-20 years down the line the jihadis win . 
  that is what happened in afghanistan . 
  without the weapons industry the taliban would have very little power . 
  this argument makes no sense whatsoever . 
  the militants in mali clearly have an adequate supply of weaponry already , since they 've taken over much of the country . 
  and the malian government does n't need weapons , they have plenty of those . 
  what they need from france is help in training and organizing their forces in order to deploy the weapons they already have effectively . 
   the belgian withdrew , but if something similar were done to french soldiers , then you will suddenly find the peaceful mission turning into another just combat mission . 
  history is testament to it . 
  its highly unlikely that this would happen to french soldiers , especially after the lessons learned from the disastrous ambush in afghanistan . 
  furthermore the mission would involve training , as i 've said repeatedly , not peace enforcement , so french troops likely would n't find themselves in any danger , apart from possible suicide attacks on the malian bases where they 'll be staying . 
  but they certainly wo n't be at risk of capture . 
   perhaps you are talking about what happens when things go according to plan , and i am talking about what happens when shit hits the fan . 
  that 's a dumb way of looking at it . 
  the right approach to tackling a problem is to do everything in your power to make sure that everything goes well , rather than automatically assuming that everything will go to shit at the first chance . 
   like usa supported and trained mujahiddin in afghanistan which bit back it in the ass on 9/11 ? 
  i see this point raised a lot on reddit , and i do n't think its very valid . 
  for one thing , only a small minority of the anti-soviet mujahideen went on to become the taliban or al-qaeda . 
  the officer corps of the modern afghan national army , for example , is largely made up of men who fought the soviets . 
   it does not matter how good the intentions are . 
  such blunders always create problems in the long run . 
  international relations are not a chess game . 
  there are always complications that we overlook . 
  i agree that international relations are complicated and that states sometimes hurt themselves with foolish attempts at intrigue . 
  however this is quite a straightforward situation , the government of mali is n't some sketchy armed militia . 
  it 's your average ( i.e. 
  fairly dysfunctional ) central african government , and its territory is being usurped by hyper-extremist militants . 
  from purely a human rights standpoint european nations providing training and assistance is justified due to the atrocities which the rebels are perpetrating in the areas they 've conquered . 
   yeah , let 's just bomb azawad till there 's nothing there and the international jihadists will be dealt with . 
  the troops are being sent to train the malians and provide logistical support , not engage in direct combat . 
  they are sending drones , but not armed ones . 
  come to think of it i do n't that that france has any armed drones . 
   we 're both in the eu so it does have its repercussions here . 
  personally i 'd rather have france not spend millions in some ( yet another ) useless war in africa and rather focused on minimising the losses that the current idiot in office is making , but that 's just me , what do i know about the french economy and its unsustainable public spending ? 
  i really do n't see why the fact that both portugal and france are in the eu means you feel the need to comment on this . 
  various eu countries already provide training to many african countries ' forces all over the continent , this mission just involves slighter more resources ( and reconnaissance aircraft ) because the threat is much more severe . 
  and it wo n't cost a significant amount of money either , at least in terms of the french economy . 
  they are sending troops for training and logistical support , not combat . 
  if you fail to see how a safe haven for international jihadists near the mediterranean then i guess this debate is pointless . 
  it wo n't cost portugal a thing either way , france will foot the vast majority of the bill and a few other eu nations will send a token contribution . 
  hurr hurr we 're so much smarter than those ameridumbfats who gives a shit about two cunts behaving like cunts to each other, 
  five star post my friend, 
  talk about stranger than fiction . 
  you could n't make this stuff up . 
  i 'm pretty sure freakzilla was born in the uk . 
  just cos he 's got darker skin than you does n't make him a foreigner . 
  they 're in fucking turkey dude . 
  it 's not the wild west over there . 
   `` phased array tracking radar to intercept on target '' or patriot http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/patriot_missile, 
   and all their cities look like leeds ouch, 
  you have an endearingly positive view of the situation , but i 'm afraid that in general such massive waves of migration forced by economic hardship are n't meaningfully negated by workers returning home with new skills/ideas . 
  lol,
