  immigration is n't much of a problem in finland . 
  it 's tyrone , actually . 
  wo n't happen . 
  same reason ireland is n't part of schengen . 
  unless the hypothetical scottish government wants to cripple their economy . 
   seven of the uk 's disused nuclear subs are sitting rusting away in rosyth dockyards less than 12 miles away from the scottish parliament in edinburgh . 
  you do realise that they 've removed all of the radioactive material right ? 
  especially since france and the uk have already signed agreements on greater military cooperation . 
  for example we 're going to share carrier capability and r&d on next-generation combat drones , two things which are crucial to force projection and that no other european nation has comparable capability in . 
  the 3 option was defined as `` indifferent / do n't care '' so that would be pretty close to amoral , right ? 
  yes , you did . 
  then put 3, 
  gb2 4chon pls, 
  i 'm not going to spend hours laying out the complex methodology involved in condensing the reams of data on all kinds of aspects of a nation 's economy , education and society from which they get the final gii number . 
  read the appendix to the pdf on their site if you really care . 
   the gii recognizes the key role of innovation as a driver of economic growth and prosperity and acknowledges the need for a broad horizontal vision of innovation that is applicable to both developed and emerging economies , with the inclusion of indicators that go beyond the traditional measures of innovation ( such as the level of research and development in a given country ) . 
  the gii has evolved into a valuable benchmarking tool to facilitate public-private dialogue , whereby policymakers , business leaders and other stakeholders can evaluate progress on a continual basis . 
  global innovation index scores against gdp per capita ( ppp ) in us dollars . 
  it 's a quick and dirty way of gauging how innovative countries are in relation to each other . 
  as you can see , russia is far less innovative than most eu countries . 
  nasa cooperatse with russia on space technology far more than the esa does . 
  and in an ideal world neither would have to rely on the russians to send humans into orbit . 
  as far as scientific innovation goes , [ take a look at this graph ] ( http://www.booz.com/media/image/gii-scores_v_gdp-per-capita.png ) . 
  what on earth can we learn from russia on that point ? 
  russia has nothing to offer us except natural gas and oil . 
  we can buy those without having to become best buddies with them . 
  your finnish subservience complex is showing , we do n't all spend every waking minute worrying about the bear to the east . 
  fuck off you racist prick, 
  [ plenty of immigrants already try to reach the uk from france . 
  ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/8268028.stm ), 
  they do n't want to be part of the eu anymore , actually . 
  so it 's a non-issue really . 
  `` lets film black people in the street and put a menacing voiceover and dark filter over it '' apparently that counts as journalism now, 
  [ a prophet ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1235166/ ) is such an incredible film . 
  wow , i 'm surprised that girl did n't get arrested for calling that cop a `` cunt '' to his face . 
  i 'm sorry , but now you 're just being utterly ridiculous . 
  so the guardian 's website is divided in a slightly different way . 
  so what ? 
  you 'll find plenty of stuff about europe in the other sections of the site , such as comment is free . 
  hell , the business section even has a liveblog of news on the eurozone crisis . 
  you 're making mountains out of molehills bro , although i guess i should n't be surprised when its coming from someone who wants to get his news solely from outlets which fit his worldview . 
  oh do me a favour mate . 
  every newspaper you 'll find has a similar layout , national news and then international . 
  this is because newspapers will naturally focus more heavily on national news rather than international , whether it be in europe or any other continent . 
  on lemonde.fr you have the homepage , and then `` international '' which includes europe . 
  same with liberation.fr and le figaro 's website . 
  edit so 's the irish times , lol, 
   the simple fact is that a huge share of british trade goes through the continent which is why the uk wanted to join the common market/eu in the first place ( and kept trying despite constant french objections ) . 
  the uk is all for free trade . 
  understandably many do n't want to have to be part of increased federalization to remain part of the free trade area . 
   it might make it harder to control their financial sector this is * exactly * the kind of mentality that makes the uk skeptical about greater eu integration . 
  if other european countries started talking about `` controlling '' france 's grossly inefficient agricultural sector , for example , french people would be outraged . 
  even reputable newspapers have to write clickbait titles like this to drive traffic in this day and age, 
  / r/europe is pretty much / r/europecirclejerk already, 
  hell of an assumption to make from one reddit post . 
  rt 's a fucking joke mate . 
  ... what is your problem with this article ? 
  so are you also going to be happy to see the czech republic , sweden and all the other smaller euroskeptic nations leave too ? 
  the uk is not the only country which is n't too keen on european integration . 
  france has a lot more influence in how the eu is run than the uk does . 
  yes , and usually these treaties can be negotiated bilaterally , with arrangements being made to account for the differences in the legal systems and practices between both nations . 
  i 'm not saying that the pan-eu arrest warrant is a bad thing , just that i can understand why the uk objects to it . 
  that 's the point though , the eu mandates mean that no matter the problems in one country 's justice system , the suspect must be extradited under their laws , not the laws of the country they are arrested in . 
  i 'm not surprised really . 
  [ the uk has been burned by eu-wide law and order measures before . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-london-15519531 ), 
  `` thank you all . 
  i would like to take this opportunity to say greece pay yuor denbts '', 
  yeah i think you should delete this article and resubmit it . 
  there is no reason to have this crappy google translation . 
  i assume her worry is less that some papers will berate her for this now , but rather that when the election campaign gets heated her opponents would use this deal as an example of her sending german jobs over to the uk . 
   musikantenstadl ... the fuck ? 
  count me as part of the < 50 % then bro, 
  lol , the persecution complex idiots like you have is hilarious . 
  you came to reddit from a thread on your shitty imageboard to invade / r/askhistorians with holocaust denying bullshit , and yet you think you 're the one being unfairly treated . 
  educated , maybe . 
  open minded , no way in hell . 
  well what with this being a pan-european subreddit you 're going to get plenty of un-educated opinions from people who have n't exchanged more than a few words with a muslim person before , yet who are full of opinions on how they are somehow destroying france ( or the uk , or germany , or sweden ) and what must be done about them . 
  it 's not really racism , just good old fashioned internet stupidity . 
  not much to be done about it really , just ignore articles about some muslim doing something shocking . 
  and steer clear of threads about roma too , those get very nasty indeed . 
  ridiculous . 
  for one thing , it 's a multi-role aircraft . 
  for another , many countries have been sold the migs and sukhois you describe . 
  predicting future conflicts is a mug 's game , it 's far better to have all bases covered . 
   countries where situation has gone too far to effectively contain without resulting to genocide ( uk , france , germany , sweden ) should enforce a state-mosque institution similar to protestant state-church to root out the radicalism . 
  so edgy xd, 
  i 'm not tolerant towards cunts like you , piss off back to your shitty imageboard, 
  the 1905 russian revolution . 
  read bits of [ hobsbawm 's the age of empire . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_age_of_empire:_1875-1914 ), 
  unlikely , their party has significant political power now . 
   the occupation brought about terrible hardships for the greek civilian population . 
  over 300,000 civilians died in athens alone from starvation , tens of thousands more died because of reprisals by nazis and collaborators , and the country 's economy was ruined . 
  fuck is wrong with these people, 
   the author laments the current paralysis of european integration and squarely puts the blame on the uk . '', 
  he says . 
  can we please stop this shit . 
  why is it that whenever we have this debate , people always have to petulantly act as if the uk has some kind of duty to accept eu federalization , that somehow they 're unreasonable for taking a different view to the other big european countries . 
  it makes us look like insecure children who want to dictate to the uk what we think is in its best interests to further our own naive ideas .
