  he came straight from trinidad to smog-choked london , talk about a culture shock . 
  i do n't know why exactly , but various papers and magazines have reported that germany 's intelligence service has put a lot of effort into syria over the past decade or two . 
  probably because other western agencies have been focusing so heavily on iraq and iran in that time . 
  germany has to be involved in this . 
  by all accounts their intelligence service has the best intel on syria . 
  no doubt the uk and us must be at least tacitly supporting it too . 
  i feel that the settlement issue is very important . 
  israel has done shit all to appease the concerns of european governments over them . 
  despite constant complaints the israeli government has n't even taken symbolic action . 
  they needed their wings clipped . 
  should have given them the anti-tank guns they asked for . 
  still , the romanians paid you back in the pow camps by ganging up and nicking your food . 
  i would n't want to assume either way . 
  bit of a dick move really , especially since i 've got more than a few friends who are from those `` aids ridden '' countries . 
  gee , i must have missed the mention of that in the article . 
  or are we just having a bit of layman speculation ? 
  one incident was in the news because 33 navy special forces died in the crash . 
  the story lasted a couple of news cycles and then faded away . 
  it had no meaningful effect on public perception of the war . 
  the war is being fought by a small , all volunteer force . 
  there 's no conscription , no rationing . 
  the public does n't give a fuck . 
  i 'd say they 're especially cheap when it comes to something that will most likely never be used . 
  not to mention that chirac is one hell of a loudmouth . 
   the `` risks '' of war are less , thus the threshold for going to war is lower . 
  this is a common argument and one which i think holds a lot of water , at least in the future . 
  unfortunately right now unmanned warfare technology is nowhere near sophisticated enough to make going to war significantly easier . 
  it 's definitely possible that it might become that way in the future , but hypothetical are n't enough to stop the inevitable march of progress . 
   the other side , faced with a technology they do n't have and ca n't compete with , are forced into asymmetrical warfare and resort to methods that put more lives at risk . 
  this has been the case one ape wielded a bigger stick than his rival . 
  it 's been especially obvious since 1945 . 
  drones wo n't change that . 
   that is , if they ca n't properly strike at european military assets ( destroying an unmanned drone is nothing like downing a helicopter with pilots aboard or destroying a tank division ) , they will strike at civilians instead . 
  hundreds of helicopters have been shot down by insurgents in iraq and afghanistan . 
  no one ever hears about it or cares . 
  european armies do n't field tank divisions any more . 
  hell , most eu nations do n't even have tanks , let alone the ability to send them anywhere beyond their borders . 
  every eu military combined has a grand total of 8 jets capable of carrying a main battle tank . 
  as the war in afghanistan has proven , most eu countries are perfectly willing and able to weasel out of serious commitments to mutual defence if it proves to be too costly in blood or treasure . 
   many others which could easily create or obtain these if you 're referring to nuclear weapons here the you are sorely mistaken . 
  every nation which has developed nuclear weapons jealously guards the many specific technologies which go into creating a weaponized , tactically viable nuclear warhead . 
  a nation seeking to develop this capability from scratch , even a wealthy one , would only be able to do so through years of costly trial and error and gigantic investment . 
  where do you propose eu nations perform the tens of nuclear test detonations required ? 
  not to mention the fact that such a huge investment could never be hidden from the domestic population , who would be dead set against it . 
  words are cheap . 
  the main benefit of unmanned aircraft is that they have a much longer range and loiter time than a conventional aircraft . 
  drones can orbit an area or follow a target for many hours depending on their payload . 
  this means that a possible target can be watched in real time for as long as is needed to decided whether they are an actual threat or not . 
  this leads to more accurate strikes and less collateral damage . 
  woah woah woah there buddy . 
  the eu is not a nuclear power . 
  if you think that france or the uk would ever even consider using or threatening to use nuclear weapons in defence of wider eu interests you 've got the wrong end of the stick . 
  today 's afghan national army has more ex-muj than the taliban . 
  sometimes it can be very inconvenient for people who live and work there though , for example if they have to queue in a traffic jam for hours to get to work, 
  those vehicles have seen intense combat all over the world . 
  they are cheap , reliable and rapid . 
  it 's perfectly reasonable to not spend vast amounts of money on better vehicles . 
  having a handful of modern afvs could be less effective than more numerous older ones . 
  everyone thing you wrote is utter fucking nonsense . 
  stuff a 13 year old high school nihilist might say . 
  a whole battalion of the yorkshire regiment is in estonia at the moment , but there 's only a handful of brits in romania afaik . 
  please tell me this is sarcasm . 
  the apache is obviously better than the tiger . 
  i 'm slightly concerned by this thread , there 's no point pretending that many poles were not involved in the holocaust as kapos and block overseers . 
  read any holocaust survivor 's account , i suggest * night * by elie wiesel . 
  or maybe people just do n't mind muslim people . 
  shocking concept i know, 
  their performance in afghanistan has n't exactly engendered confidence among their allies tbh . 
  that kid is high as fuck on painkillers though, 
  you ca n't carry as many rounds if you 're using 7.62 . 
  i believe that the usa lost some m1a2s in iraq to absurdly huge ieds . 
  but it is n't massively common . 
  and with the abundance of mraps in the us and uk inventories today tanks would n't be used to patrol areas where the main threat was ieds . 
  i 'm not sure any tank can escape a shell or bomb by driving fast, 
  i 'm talking about joint operations where european troops might be under the command of us officers , and vice versa, 
  no one would be under anyone 's thumb . 
  everyone needs to learn english anyway , because everyone wants ( and in some cases needs ) to train and operate with the usa . 
  the example of afghanistan ( i.e. 
  a real actual war in which people kill each other in kinetic operations , not some tinpot un peacekeeping mission ) is instructive . 
  various eu armies worked together . 
  pretty much the only success story was the uk and denmark . 
  ask a french soldier for his opinion of the italian army and you 'll likely receive a lot of expletives . 
  various german , dutch , swedish non-special forces deployments were completely hamstrung by a lack of resources , political interference and meek command . 
  even in one of afghanistan 's safest provinces german soldiers were n't allowed to patrol at night for a good while . 
  if any serious eu military was given a choice between operating with the us military or an eu-wide army , they 'd choose the former . 
  has denmark dropped their old digital camouflage thing ? 
  their camo pattern and the uniforms themselves look like the uk 's, 
  they are famous for wearing nondescript clothing which is scruffier and dirtier than was previously thought possible within the realms of modern science, 
  i ca n't see how this would surprise anyone when we 've got attacks carried out in france which were planned in belgium , those guys from hamburg and london who were planning to blow up american airliners , etc. 
  if they really want to they can just tap the cable physically with a submarine . 
  this is definitely true , but its also quite easy for daesh to recruit if they control large amounts of the population . 
  at some point they have to be defeated militarily - they wo n't just go away . 
  reaper is capable of dropping paveway bombs with a much larger payload than hellfire missiles . 
  guided obviously, 
  i 've played with one and they are incredibly easy to use . 
  it does n't tale much more than a few weeks to train someone to be a proficient operator . 
  reservists in us/uk/etc are volunteers . 
  just not full time ones . 
  why should n't they go on operations ? 
  china = / pol / ?
