  as far as i can tell it goes much more in depth , looking at things like standardised guidelines for civil servants etc, 
  no reason why scandinavia should automatically be above everyone on every possible index . 
  although you 'd think so considering how well they do on pretty much every metric . 
   a lot of gay sex practices are actually quite unsafe and lead to much higher rates of disease in the gay as opposed to the straight population . 
   in the gay dearie me . 
  it 's not the 1940s mate . 
  superfluous apostrophe, 
  back then being gay was literally illegal in the uk . 
  and iirc it carried the death penalty in some european countries . 
  so its not really comparable . 
  i dunno man , i 've read a fair amount of stuff about violence against central asian immigrants in russia . 
  http://www.globalpost.com/dispatch/news/regions/europe/russia/120427/russia-xenophobia-racism-putin-immigration-reform http://thelede.blogs.nytimes.com/2008/02/19/moscows-immgrants-face-rash-of-skinhead-violence/, 
  http://www.irishtimes.com/blogs/generationemigration/2012/03/19/where-have-irelands-emigrants-gone/where-have-irelands-emigrants-gone-1-2/ uk 18900 australia 17970 eu15 13100 canada 5779, 
  both of us , really . 
  the uk and greece are the only two european nato members that spend above 2 % of their gdp on defence . 
  and bear in mind that all nato states are * required * to spend above 2 % . 
  european nations still like to conduct military operations overseas ( libya , mali ... ) but continue to mooch off of the usa 's capability . 
   who are as poor as other non-european immigrants , less likely to commit crimes ? 
  source please ? 
  that seems unlikely . 
  time for russia today to do another scaremongering story about the noise they make bothering sheep , or accidentally firing weapons over residential areas , or something equally ridiculous . 
  although the perceived psychological effect of area bombing was obviously important , i was just noting that dresden was important to the war effort as a rail hub and centre of some specialised manufacturing . 
   i 'm just saying the us and the uk probably held more than enough sway over the whole thing to tell stalin to pack up and go home after germany was defeated . 
  fuck , it 's baffling that you actually believe this . 
  i mean good lord . 
   you can also imagine how the british troops would have behaved once they were in germany . 
  british and american troops were actually reasonably well-behaved in germany . 
  there was a lot of looting , but wanton destruction , rape and murder was not very common . 
  especially when compared to the eastern front . 
   and then he protected england , made plans , worked with others , and opened a second front to the west . 
  but to the east , stalin was coming strong . 
  he also ordered a huge effort by the royal navy and merchant marine to send supplies to russia via convoys through the arctic , a which cost many british ( and american and canadian ) lives . 
  throughout the war german forces were reliant on horse drawn carriages as their principle method of logistical transportation , whereas the red army received hundreds of thousands of us made trucks . 
  we 're being investigated ? 
  quick , invest in goatze !, 
  i remember an article where white immigrants to sweden talked about this too . 
  it was more of a situation where people are more likely to hire those who they 've known all their lives . 
  i mean why would n't you hire someone you 've known since primary school instead of a stranger , no matter what their ethnicity might be ? 
  i 'll fucking kill you, 
  always pays to invest in alternatives , no matter how much more difficult they might seem . 
  having a single putin-dependent pipeline does n't seem to be a bright idea to me . 
  a little sliver of sea matters little when the people on the other side are murdering humans on an industrial scale . 
   [ if it were up to me i would deport almost all muslims from europe . 
  once great western europe , our example , is turning into europestan and multuculturalists and islamolovers do anything to protect their immigrants rights . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/16r07r/muslim_patrol_vigilantes_attempt_to_control/c7yo7oz ) took me about 15 seconds, 
  i would n't mind a european subreddit with slightly stricter rules on certain things . 
  threads about gypsies get real messy real quick . 
  also a ban on `` dae think americans reaction to osama 's death/dorner/boston / etc is awful '' would be nice . 
  `` the exact opposite '' is how reddit is designed . 
  content is a democracy ( upvotes/downvotes ) subreddits are a dictatorship : moderators can not be removed by the users . 
  reddit is designed to be a dictatorship . 
  there 's literally no way to oust the top mod of a subreddit . 
  the way its supposed to work is that you create your own and run it in whatever way you see fit . 
  there 's already a thread up for this . 
  everything shows up in one big mod queue , next to your pm icon in the top right . 
  you do n't have to physically visit every subreddit to moderate it . 
  there 's no actual evidence that anyone 's being paid for anything . 
  an admin said that they investigate the people who post a shitload of articles , and ban them if they find evidence of paid spamming and whatnot . 
  it 's all just conjecture at this point . 
   do mods just enjoy collecting up subreddits like power hungry fascists ? 
  or there are n't that many people on reddit who can be arsed to spend hours of their time moderating subreddits . 
  no , it 's a comedy video ... 
  sure they were of a low rank , but they willingly participated in the worst atrocity ever perpetrated . 
  i have no sympathy for them , my grandad spent his teenage years scavenging for turnips to stave off starvation because their government decided they wanted to rule europe . 
  and they got away scot-free . 
  if you 're thinking what i think you 're thinking ... well , it is n't the '80s anymore . 
  things might get out of hand, 
  careful now, 
  last month the state department released a report describing spain as a center for the laundering of drug money in europe . 
  although they also recognized the government and police 's efforts to stop it . 
  i seem to remember that vienna is the city with the best quality of life in the world , so i guess safety would be part of that . 
  you do n't need to be a right winger to see that this shit is n't exactly ideal . 
  come on now . 
  yeah , that 's pretty accurate actually . 
  it disappointed me to see mair stoop to such a juvenile level . 
  calling your interviewee a `` nasty piece of work '' ? 
  come on now . 
  we 're better than this . 
  almost as disappointing as how shit the newsroom is . 
  sorkin really phoned that one in . 
  in england and wales bachelor 's degrees are 3 years , compared to 4 for most of the world . 
   also , even hinting it was seen as fascist , colonial and racist since it implied that africans were n't ready for independence and needed supervision in order to bee refrained from destroying the country . 
  nope , not what i mean at all . 
  colonisers from all the european nations greatly accentuated or even made up ethnic divisions within their colonies to make ruling them easier . 
  and even ignoring that , a transition to an entirely new government and civil service takes time and cooperation between the former colonial power and the newly independent state . 
   additionaly all other decolonisation processes where hardly to write home about . 
  at the time advocating anything less was seen as a colonial holdout . 
  so what ? 
  i was n't comparing angola to any other country , just pointing out that angola 's economy today is very strong , despite colonial mismanagement . 
  angola 's economy is extremely successful at the moment , and is growing rapidly . 
  the legacy left by the portuguese there was a brutal civil war , no effort was made to make it a smooth transition from decolonization . 
  this is probably the pettiest thread i 've ever seen on / r/europe , which is saying something . 
  businessinsider is a shit excuse for a news website , we know this . 
  caring about things like this is just stupid . 
  if i had to sum up the french mentality it would probably be trying to make sure everyone has as great a quality of life as possible . 
  they are n't meant to work on mirvs ... 
  lol , you 're analysis of the patriot system is so flawed its hilarious . 
  they 've been constantly improved since their first deployment during the gulf war and have proved to be an effective abm system since them . 
  since this is the internet i 'm sure you 've convinced yourself that you have it all worked out , so more power to you . 
  but you 're wrong .
