  but when civilians are being killed with poison gas a matter of miles away from our borders we 're supposed to sit on our hands ? 
  what country do you live in where the security services make the law ? 
  the law, 
  if the most high tech spy agencies in the world have the ability to access a vhs tape/dvd/ssd not linked to the internet remotely then i would be very surprised . 
  oh just fuck off will you , good lord . 
  you people are utterly rabid . 
  the vast majority of these cameras are used by private persons/businesses to protect their property . 
  the coppers have to go through proper procedures ( i.e. 
  getting a warrant ) if they want to look at the footage . 
  yeah , leeds and brum also have huge financial services industries these days . 
   there is a wwii memorial in every town , no matter how small . 
  actually almost every village has a wwi memorial , rather than one for the second world war . 
  far more britons died in the first world war , drawn from every village . 
  most villages just added another ( smaller ) plaque onto their wwi memorial for the names of the dead from 1939-45 . 
  france is almost exactly the same . 
  as a disgusting half-breed , i feel that i 'm alone in the middle of the channel rather than having a foot in both camps ... 
  i suppose i should align myself with glorious sealand ? 
   same-sex couples in the united kingdom have had the right to adopt since 2002 , following the adoption and children act 2002 . 
  took me literally 4 seconds to google this, 
   perhaps out of necessity ? 
  i beg your pardon ? 
  are you trying to argue that somehow people in the uk are more homophobic , which means that the government has to enact more laws ... ? 
  if so that might be one of the stupidest things i 've ever read on this sub , which is saying something . 
   northwestern europe, 
  no , that word is a derogatory slur . 
  this has nothing to do with legitimate critiques of immigration . 
  ... and if it did , oliver and variations ( ollie , olli etc ) would still come above muhammad/mohammed etc. 
  thankfully things have changed , but unfortunately if your ancestors had thought the same poland probably would n't exist today . 
  poland has been viciously exploited by various powerful foreign countries for hundreds of years , i 'd say that fighting for survival and self-determination in the face of impossible odds is something to be proud of . 
  how very spiteful . 
  some things are , but the vast majority are not . 
  this is not to mention differences in operating procedures , training and the like . 
  take for example the royal navy , it 's the only one in europe which has been involved in major naval combat and amphibious operations since ww2 , they 've learnt hard lessons through the loss of many ships and hundreds of lives . 
  so why on earth would they be willing to change how they do things to fit into a combined eu-navy ? 
  and there 's no way that other european navies would agree to adapt to the british way of doing things , no matter how little actual combat experience they have . 
  that 's not to mention bilateral integration which has been occurring piecemeal . 
  for example the french , spanish and italian navies have been working together on frigate design and operational procedures , while the dutch have based much of their amphibious and helicopter-borne doctrine on britain 's . 
  if they are overspending so much , why do we constantly need to make use of their capabilities ? 
  the people down voting you are oblivious to reality . 
  every eu nation is massively reliant on the usa when it comes to mounting any significant military operation . 
  trying to deny this fact is useless . 
  i love the quote marks . 
  combined with the username it tells you all you need to know really ... 
   a searchable video data base ? 
  again , what evidence is there that private security cameras are part of a searchable video database ? 
  the police need warrants to access private people 's footage . 
   i do n't want to live in a society where i trust my privacy on the cheapness of local businessmen . 
  this just ridiculous . 
  do you demand that a tourist delete a picture he 's taken of your city if you happen to be in the frame ? 
   there is also a world of a difference between a guard watching something - which is is for practical purposes very limited anyway - and a number of cameras recording everything for later use i do n't know if you 've heard of the human brain , but it also records images that the eyes see . 
  security guards can be asked by the police to testify in trials too . 
   at least that what has been claimed in article i read about this - are designed in a way to let the police patch in at will . 
  i 'm going to have to ask for a link . 
  obviously government owned cctv cameras can generally be seen by the police , but those of residential buildings ? 
  i 've not heard anything of the sort . 
  that is also probably illegal . 
   a shopkeeper surveying the street quite another you must be joking . 
  most of these security cameras have limited fields of view and crap quality , for the simple reason that people do n't want to pay huge sums for high resolution cameras with super wide angles . 
   watch who stays in their park wait , so if a park is owned by a private company they are n't allowed to watch who stays in it ? 
  what 's the difference between the owner of that park or one of their employees looking at who is in their park with their own eyes or through a camera ? 
  you are n't making any sense . 
  that 's not really how this works . 
  you ca n't just accept a huge drop in intelligence and capability for a lengthy amount of time , we 're talking about the security of the nation ( s ) here . 
  especially when anyone who might want to do your country harm will know about the situation . 
   my favorite is the response that most of them are private - as if that would make it any better right , because if a shopkeeper wants to protect their property against robbers/vandals fuck them right ? 
  coppers need a warrant if they want to access the footage . 
  i 'm all for civil liberties but you people are ridiculous . 
  any eu security framework without the uk would be much smaller and have much less capability unless the remaining eu countries are willing to increase funding massively . 
  `` conducting wars of aggression in syria '' ? 
  what on earth is he blathering on about . 
  what on earth does he have to do with the prism scandal ? 
  it was created to tap into enemy communications , not those of british people . 
   and , btw. , i 'd very much like to hear from our continental intelligence agencies about possible access ) continental intelligence agencies are n't part of intelligence sharing agreements with the us , at least not to the extent that british ones are . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukusa_agreement most european agencies do n't have the same computing power that the nsa and gchq do either , so having access to the information would be less useful to them anyway . 
  [ eavesdropping centre gchq will report to mps within days over claims it secretly gathered intelligence from the world 's largest internet companies . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-22824379 ) report should be handed in by monday , not sure if they 'll release it to the public . 
  generally security services devote far , far more resources to going after islamic extremists . 
  mps might go out and drag drunken squaddies back to the base , but likely not much more . 
  yeah , public opinion towards napoleon in france is quite an interesting thing to study . 
  a lot of british tv is quite popular among germans , and french people too . 
  kind of similar to how everyone loves danish tv these days . 
  waiting for armed response mate . 
  or just unbiased sources , perhaps . 
  will you please stop posting links to rt.com ? 
  it 's fucking awful . 
  are you joking mate ? 
  you could n't pick up a paper over here without the `` pakistani rape gang '' story plastered all over the front page . 
  most soviet post-war propaganda , especially in the first two decades following ww2 , portrayed west germany as nazis . 
  thanks !, 
  in the uk it 's done by postcodes . 
  some parts of birmingham , manchester and leicester at least have adapted well to the modern service economy . 
  the north-east , not so much . 
  wrong mentality to have imo . 
  the ussr wanted power alright and look where it got them . 
  i 'm not sure about leaving land fallow but potatoes can certainly be a nightmare to plant . 
  you have to plow the land several times to get it right . 
  i assume that less fertile land would make this even more time consuming difficult . 
  it should also be noted that potatoes are an extremely good crop to grow when your main concern is feeding yourself and your family . 
  they are much more nutritious than most other crops that would have been available at the time . 
  how do you know when you have n't even looked at the methodology ... ?
