  obviously it would n't be the end of the world if the uk left , but it 's ridiculous to assume offhand that switzerland and norway could make up the difference , their economies are much smaller . 
  [ i believe it 's this one here . 
  ] ( http://www.eurofound.europa.eu/ewco/2012/05/eu1205061i.htm ) not sure why the uk would n't sign this , the requirements seem to be fairly straightforward . 
  perhaps the uk already has similar guarantees at the national level , or they might be holding out to put pressure on the rest of the eu to alter the common fisheries policy , i understand the permit/quota system in its present form hurts the uk 's small boat fishing fleet . 
  [ this video explains it a bit . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slmy_gvheaw ), 
   and west knew about shoah well before the end of war ( which was a massacre mainly of polish citizens - of polish , jewish and other heritage more polish jews were killed than any other nationality , but it 's not useful to call the holocaust ` mainly ' a massacre of poles . 
  this is n't the oppression olympics . 
   this `` most european muslims are really '' moderate and  there are huge minorities of european muslims who have really fucking extreme views . 
  are not mutually exclusive . 
  yeah , i think that 's it really . 
  he 's desperate to shore up his support on the right wing of the conservative party . 
  apparently he promised an eu referendum at some point years ago , but obviously there has n't been any serious talk of one since he won the election . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-scotland-politics-19622617 ) edit lol , downvote me , whatever . 
  no real argument i guess . 
  our economy and population is vastly larger than norway 's . 
  it 's a pipe dream to assume that putting the money generated by oil exploitation into a ` trust fund ' would somehow be more beneficial than reinvesting it . 
  jesus christ can we ban this guy yet ? 
  this is getting pathetic . 
  i 've seen better trolls on pinterest . 
  well , yes , this did happen in the uk . 
  it 's not a common occurrence though . 
  also , india and pakistan are not in `` the middle east '' , they are in asia . 
  south asia to be exact . 
  i do n't know whether someone pissed in your piim\u00e4 recently but your repeated trolling attempts are getting tiresome . 
  cut it out . 
  yeah , it was nice and sunny , but still chilly . 
  wait , this school has 200 pupils ? 
   it also means that we ca n't do anything ourselves without involving america . 
  yes , we need america because no european countries other than france and the uk make any kind of serious commitment to defence . 
   similarly ; you can fight for british dependencies even if you are part of nato only if they are in the north atlantic . 
  for example the falklands war did not trigger automatic involvement of all nato members . 
  the falklands war is an instructive example actually because the only countries that helped the uk were the us ( missiles , satellite imagery ) and france ( preventing the sale of more exocet missiles ) . 
  when the shit hits the fan most european countries have been very reluctant to take concrete steps to help each other , despite their high minded rhetoric . 
  even when there was a genocide happening on our doorstep it took the usa getting involved to accomplish anything . 
  goodness me , that sounds very much like the kind of pragmatic view which the uk is so often pilloried for taking in regard to eu directives . 
  from their perspective , we 're the ones making incessant demands . 
  the uk is happy with the status quo of unrestricted trade which has brought great prosperity , while the more enthusiastic eu countries continually propose integrating more and more governmental responsibilities to the eu . 
  listen up annttii perekliikkkonnennn , this is my point exactly , why do you feel the need to criticise my country from the safety of your ivory igloo ? 
  if juvenile snark and infantile straw-manning is what passes for cultural discussion in your mind , maybe you should keep your words of wisdom to the national level . 
  ring up the president of finland ( who i 'm sure is your second cousin or something ) and spew your illogical and sophomoric word vomit all over his metaphorical shirt front instead of trying to tell me whats wrong with my society . 
  i meant freakzilla 's comment , which you replied to initially . 
   i am always suspicious of anything that paints my country in a positive light . 
  could you post some stats relating to this issue ? 
  economic perfomance of the minority groups in each country , educational attainment , prison population etc. 
  why do you keep posting about immigration in the larger european countries ? 
  give it a rest , we do n't make posts hectoring you about the treatment of swedish speaking finns or whatever . 
  why would you say this in reply to a comment which is specifically asking for solid evidence ? 
  by eire i mean the island itself , so the coastline of northern ireland . 
  sounds like a plan to me, 
  sure buddy, 
  true , actually , he did n't delete them . 
  i guess i did n't look hard enough . 
  [ here 's the third one . 
  no , i 'm not . 
  i could n't be arsed to screenshot your comments , perhaps that was a mistake . 
  at the end of the day we both know you posted those things , all you 're really doing is showing what a sad individual you really are . 
  your post history . 
  you 've deleted them now obviously , which is pretty sad . 
  oh mayonesa . 
  did you really need to post this link across 9 subreddits ? 
  here are some mayonesa highlights for those of you who do n't know about his misogynistic and racist views :  beware of this type of modern woman : `` they care more about maintaining their career than a good home . '', 
   positive eugenics reward the good ignore the rest moderate eugenics reward the good disadvantage the bad ignore the mediocre hard eugenics reward the good disadvantage the mediocre remove the bad path to uebermenschen reward the good put the excellent in charge exile the bad and mediocre  if racism is so widespread , and natural , maybe there 's something to it . 
   not really , we love all eu nations equally , but they do n't really matter as much in terms of ( potential ) raw military power . 
  i see your point , but cumulatively these smaller nations do have significant assets . 
  for example spain has 147 jet fighters , italy has 204 . 
  compare this to germany 's 224 ( including 20 older types that are going to be fully retired next year ) their contribution to an eu military would not be insignificant . 
  also , the cumulative financial contribution of every single eu state other than the big three would be a significant sum , right ? 
   only uk/france/germany have any military industry worth speaking of again that 's definitely correct , but i do n't think that not having a defence industry excludes a country from having a significant military force , for example the netherlands , denmark , sweden and norway have small but well equipped militaries , with sophisticated fighters and small warships . 
   of the three largest economies of europe , only one country fits your description of a nation unwilling to maintain a relatively large , well-funded military err , yes , i know , i mention about france and the uk throughout my post . 
  also , why do you assume i 'm only talking about the three largest economies ? 
  i 'm talking about all eu countries , since i assume they would all be involved in this hypothetical eu military . 
   so where you said ( paraphrasing ) `` what is the point of sharing your military with unwilling european partners ? 
  '' , the real question is rather `` how can you convince germany to maintain ( and employ ! ), 
  a serious military presence again ? '' . 
  and that is a question that , i have the feeling , will not be entirely comfortable to the french or british public . 
  again , i 'm considering all european countries , not just germany . 
  again , i have no interest in tackling germany 's historical issues with its military , another thorny problem which would need to be addressed if an eu-wide military were to be formed . 
  see the examples in my original post . 
  ireland is perfectly capable of securing its own coastline , especially given the fact that a large chunk of eire 's coast is protected by the royal navy , who i 'm sure could help out if the shit really hit the fan ( which is highly unlikely anyway ) . 
  and if i 'm not mistaken ireland has a ` defence force ' rather than an army , so why would they be deployed anywhere except in a limited advisory capacity , which ireland is perfectly capable of sustaining on its own ? 
  firstly , links maybe ? 
  secondly , i 'm not sure if their advocacy is of a fully combined eu military or just the existence / possible expansion of the combined brigades that are already in place . 
   a decent amount of high hats in the army have voiced for the idea wow , you too ? 
  i 'd love to see some evidence of the support that an eu-wide military has apparently received from high ranking military members . 
  deterrence is n't the only utility if having a strong military . 
   this is completely wrong . 
  the eu would not be punching above its weight if it chose to compete with china and the us militarily , the gdp of the eu is in the same ballpark as the us and thus much bigger than china 's . 
  china 's gdp is 7 trn ( nominal ) 11trn ( ppp ) . 
  i know that , in this particular case i was referring to france in the uk , although now that i reread what i wrote i can see why this might be unclear . 
  a lot of people love to point out how massive the eu 's combined economy is , but really treating the eu as a completely united entity in any issue , particularly on this matter , is n't useful to any discussion . 
  do n't be facetious . 
  you know as well as i do that smaller european countries ( especially those in eastern europe ) would very much like to maintain at least some autonomy in their defence policy . 
  we do n't have colonies any more , come on now . 
   you 'll also be suprised to learn that greece of all countries spends a bigger % of gdp on their military then the uk and france . 
  no that 's not surprising , greece is in a unique circumstance ( their constant rivalry with turkey , as well as their problems with securing their border ) not to mention that they have been coerced into equipment purchases by germany and france . 
   the little countries are not the ones directly deciding where their money gets spend and how much is needed . 
  and you say that like its a good thing ... ? 
  you really think the countries which you patronizingly refer to as ` little ' will be fine with their entire military budget being spent in a way they have little to no influence over ? 
  [ the jmdsf is n't the only military force japan has .
