british tea is designed to keep your core temperature high enough to herd sheep / fight wars in freezing , wet conditions without enough warm clothing . 
  come on now, 
  the bloke with a `` tennent 's '' jacket did n't tip you off ? 
  the british army is full of people who have worked with the americans and various eu militaries . 
  if it was a strait choice between the two they would go with the usa every time . 
  these guys have probably been on multiple operational deployments including possibly combat ones . 
  they know their shit . 
  the american bashing on this sub goes too far sometimes, 
  it is n't just a case of pointing and shooting at a speck in the sky . 
  the system 's radars need to be operated and maintained by someone with advanced training , not just book learnin ', 
  if there was ever a time for that unfunny polandball shit to not be brought up , this is it, 
  * tips fedora, 
  the buk system is anything but user-friendly , i guarantee you that . 
  you need training to operate that kind of system . 
  however it is certainly possible that the rebels had defectors in their ranks who know how to operate it . 
  northern ireland has its own flag which is different to the tricolour . 
  no it is n't . 
  its saying that they are the farthest flung reaches of the country from the central control . 
  numbers of men and cannons are both utterly meaningless statistics . 
  this is n't 1814 . 
  finland spends 1.86 % of its gdp on the defence budget , which is below nato mandated levels . 
  i find it funny that people think that their countries are any different . 
  this type of poll would have similar results anywhere in the eu, 
  for some reason one of scandinavia 's preferred humblebrag techniques are weird cutesy anthropomorphic cartoons, 
  yeah , russian forces used to be organized into huge , unwieldy ww2 style divisions . 
  now they are organized into much smaller brigades , which make it easier to coordinate with various other attachments ( artillery , aircraft , logistics etc ) that modern armies require . 
  they also had `` skeleton divisions '' which had like 5 % of their notional strength or something that were intended to be kept ticking over until a big war kicked of and they 'd be filled with reservists . 
  they have mothballed tens of thousands of them . 
  ... that exactly what im talking about, 
  dresden was actually quite an important transit hub for soldiers going to the eastern front , and had plenty of war industry, 
  i think he 's referring to atrocities perpetrated on subjugated peoples , not outmaneuvering dim-witted but equally vile rival empires . 
  the wording of the article `` seen by reuters '' suggests that a journo read the thing but has n't released it in full , or was n't able to keep the copy, 
  its an internal memo . 
  i do n't even understand why people are assuming that this is a concrete policy document and not a proposal of some kind . 
  talk about jumping to conclusions . 
  everyone seems to assume that the uk and france will handle any serious military action , with some help from others ( a few battalions , a few squadrons , whatever ) from a handful of other countries . 
  this seems to me to go against the principles of the eu - just because the uk and france can take on the burden on blood and treasure does n't mean they should . 
  they use the f-5s for interception , the f/a -18 s are apparently too expensive to keep on standby . 
  400 armoured vehicles protected from aerial bombardment by a fleet of jets that were considered obsolete in the 1970s ? 
  what a joke . 
  are you literally posting racist shit from 4chan as some kind of legitimate example ?? 
  my god what has happened to this subreddit ... 
   a few hundred millions at least . 
  what planet do you live on , christ almighty . 
  you really think every single inhabitant of the african continent wants to come to europe ? 
   so it is possible ... for a moment i thought you disagreed . 
  in the fog of battle you can do anything and nothing . 
  witnesses can only tell you so much , and it will mostly be useless . 
  mate you 're being fucking ridiculous . 
  i 've not even mentioned the very possible factor that these buildings might not be high up enough for proper dispersal . 
  i highly doubt that assad 's helicopters would fly around at rooftop height , even if that was optimal for dispersal ( which it fucking is n't ) . 
  so in a warzone , with the streets deserted due to snipers and checkpoints everywhere , some cunts are just going to meander in carrying massive steel canisters with warning symbols all over them ? 
  you 're having a laugh . 
   the strongest are foreign mercenaries . 
  foreign interests will destroy the fighting spirit of the locals . 
  thanks for that cutting geopolitical insight there , friend . 
  you can deploy conventional chemical devices from a helicopter . 
  you can not do so from a building . 
  you really think no one is going to notice some dudes carrying massive fucking steel canisters up the stairs ? 
  these areas are held by the rebels , not `` contested '' . 
  you have no idea how nerve gas works . 
  sorry , there 's no kind way of putting it . 
  not to mention eyewitness accounts tell of rockets falling and canisters being dropped from helicopters . 
  nerve gas does n't just magically disperse when you blow up it 's storage containers . 
  in fact in many cases , the chemical components of the stuff are stored separately and are mixed just before use . 
  in some very advanced munitions they are mixed in the actual warhead . 
   it 's seems to me you 're belittling the pain and suffering that conventional weapons can cause . 
  not at all . 
  it 's a simple moral calculus : look at the pain and suffering caused by conventional munitions , and multiply it a hundredfold to get a sense of the potential horrors that nerve gas can inflict . 
   if we ignore this and only react when chemical weapons are used i 'd say we have a pretty fucked up moral compass . 
  i sort of agree , but at the same time you have to consider that mortars , artillery , tanks etc are much more widespread throughout syria . 
  due to its volatile nature nerve agents will likely be concentrated at certain storage sites/specially trained units , making it easier for us to locate and secure or destroy . 
  and if it has been widely distributed , well , then we 're even more fucked than we thought . 
   and if he continues to use conventional weapons , tens of thousands will continue to suffer and die in a matter of months . 
  which , awful as it is , would allow us at least some time to try and effect change through negotiation and diplomatic pressure . 
  it 's not nice , but it is the least worst option if it is available . 
  chemical weapons do n't afford us that luxury . 
  although to be honest everyone 's been doing a piss poor job on the diplomatic front too . 
   attempt what ? 
  you 're the one advocating action , what kind of action exactly ? 
  i 'm not an expert in this sort of thing , but rest assured that the militaries of various countries have been developing procedures on how to deal with chemical weapons for decades now . 
  hopefully we have some options that would allow us to destroy chemical weapons stocks , or figure out when they are about to be deployed and destroy the delivery systems . 
   would n't it simply be possible for some rebel group to plant a few canisters around the area and remote detonate them ? 
  it 's also literally impossible . 
   what does it matter that it 's with poison gas ? 
  is killing with conventional weapons ok now ? 
  chemical weapons are far more serious than conventional weapons , which is why there are treaties expressly forbidding their use even in wars in which conventional weapons are being used . 
  if assad decided to use his chemical weapons more liberally tens of thousands would die in a matter of days . 
   and what about the rebels who are also executing and beheading people not even affiliated with al-asad 's regime ? 
  so that means we should n't even attempt anything ? 
   the way you 're talking it 's as if this was a white and black issue when it 's all just different shades of grey . 
  what an utterly meaningless thing to say at this point . 
  in this context this sentence is pointless . 
  you do n't actually care about this issue , all you want to do is find the easiest way to appear superior/more intelligent to everybody else . 
   i personally think that we should be sitting on our hands till there 's clear proof that the assad regime was in fact behind this attack . 
  i would honestly not be surprised if it was a false-flag operation by one of the numerous rebel groups . 
  people on reddit keep saying this , but how ? 
  the rebels do n't have helicopters , and there are eyewitness accounts on canisters being dropped from helicopters . 
  they do n't have artillery rockets or cannons large enough to disperse the gas either . 
  so when everything is going smoothly we 're all too willing to talk about the eu having great influence in the mediterranean , being a positive force to improve people 's lives in the region .
