  i 've heard it from friends from both the uk and france . 
  you 've forgotten about the russian enclave on kalingrad , patriot missiles might be able to intercept launches from there . 
  yes it does . 
  poverty increases the incidence of all crimes . 
  that 's not exclusive to immigrant communities , trust me . 
  talk to any young woman who has lived in a big city for a while . 
   de gaulle refused that uk joins nato you mean the eu . 
  degaulle did withdraw france from nato 's unified command structure though , meaning that french soldiers would n't be commanded by americans . 
  be nice bro i 'm only 12, 
  using those words does n't make you look all that clever m7, 
  do n't try and deny that / r/europe has an anti-uk circlejerk m8, 
  so why do n't you say , `` if they 've worked for the us government '' ? 
  why the simple category of people who 've been to uni in the states ? 
  between this and your willingness to bust out insults i 'm guessing that the word juvenile describes you as well as your posts . 
  it 's a joke based on a common theme in / r/europe . 
  vakz obviously was n't aware of this . 
  just trying to help out . 
  this entire post is shockingly juvenile . 
  we have enough universities over here ? 
  really ? 
  that 's your argument ? 
  talk about fucking parochialism . 
  my post was kind of facetious , but i do believe that an excessive focus on gm goods as `` the '' most important issue with food that people need to worry about the overuse of pesticides can get swept by the wayside a bit . 
  it 's easy for people to assume that with evil scientists breeding triffids pesticides are a secondary issue . 
  i am a hybrid . 
  best of both worlds , i like to think . 
  a bunch of / r/europe circlejerking i guess . 
  and yet idiots are more concerned with trampling gm crops that scientists are working on . 
  that 's clearly ridiculous though . 
  they 're people , not cattle . 
  source ? 
  germany needed turkish gastarbeiters , they invited them for a good reason : a labour shortage . 
  the joke . 
  good way to wind up neo nazis, 
  he was n't harsh on immigration , he completely dismissed the concerns of various minority communities in france with disparaging and belittling rhetoric . 
  it was n't an issue of immigration , it was an issue of the government neglecting its duty to address the concerns of all french citizens , no matter their income of ethnicity . 
  man this is a poor effort , i have you at +6 upvotes so i 'd expect trolling of a higher caliber . 
  step it up !, 
  rofl , nice one , i 'm totally stealing that . 
  this whole berlin airport saga is fascinating to me . 
  this is one of those things you 'd expect germany to get right , but somehow its become the clusterfuck that keeps on giving . 
  huhne is a gigantic bellend too , of course . 
  uk r&d is less as a % of gdp partly because its gdp is much larger than most eu countries . 
  gross spending is still extremely high . 
  yes , that is clearly the only possible reason for the uk having a different opinion on gm foods . 
  that 's the road to mecca dipshit, 
  yes , a full size union flag with the eu rings incorporated would easily be the pimpest one out of all of them . 
  i can confirm that romanians in london are often arrested repeatedly . 
  some petty criminals lived on my street , they must 've been arrested over five times before a charge actually stuck . 
   why is that a pertinent question ? 
  this is n't / r/britain . 
  it is n't a pertinent question . 
  it 's a clumsy attempt to draw attention to the fact that there are a lot of uk mods , which he obviously has a problem with . 
   1 ) do you think that / r/europe should have more british moderators ? 
  this is pointless drama-stirring . 
  what an awful submission . 
  why not link to an article written by saramago , or anything more substantive than this crap ? 
  been there , done that , `` whitevictory '' . 
  their numbers usually are n't up to date . 
  there is n't an alternative really , except for doing your own examination of various militaries . 
  it 's impossible to quantitatively compare them with any degree of accuracy , all gfp does is compare numbers of frigates/tanks/men etc and give arbitrary weighting to each category . 
  just a word of advice , globalfirepower is complete bollocks . 
  oh dear , what an embarrassing mistake, 
  he posted the entirety of the american national anthem in a thread the other day . 
  he 's definitely a troll . 
  he 's a troll , you should n't really feed him, 
  no , actually . 
  they are n't supposed to say anything that could be offensive . 
  does n't matter though , it is what it is . 
  for better or worse the italian people voted for them and the president has to offer them a modicum of respect at least . 
  they do have work , they just have no rights and crap pay . 
  i think you 're exaggerating a bit m9 , due to the subreddit 's nature it also attracts of euro-philes and people who believe in a federal europe . 
  the circlejerk goes both ways m8 , surely you remember those threads about cameron vetoing the budget ? 
  the jews are clearly behind this, 
  so you are racist then . 
   eu-sceptic party-leader timo soini on the bbc . 
  is this an especially big deal ? 
  would he not get much airtime usually ? 
  trouble is that the gcse history curriculum is extremely crowded at the moment . 
  if they want to do this properly they should rebuild it from the ground up to avoid imperial history ending up as another disjointed topic heaped onto an already confused mish-mash of periods . 
  so one individual represents the entirety of the state of israel ? 
  type of people who 'll mug you where i live , it 's just not worth it . 
  word to the wise , you should probably read what you 've typed before posting it . 
  avoid you making another post as silly as this one again in the future . 
   germany pays the most and does n't bitch about it like uk does ; they do n't need to complain , they get exactly what they want out of the eu . 
  the governments of the two countries have very different goals with regard to the eu . 
   the idf does nothing to stop settler violence . 
  they just stand around and the only one time they do take serious action is when the palestinians have caught the settlers and are about to unleash hell on them . 
  they do intervene to stop violence . 
  they also stop the building of and clear out illegal settlements . 
  obviously most settlements are legal , even those which encroach on palestinian farmland/roads , but that 's a governmental issue which goes over the idf 's head . 
  which is what the real political struggle should focus on . 
   hell even when they try to block settlers from starting a confrontation they get called nazis by those fundies . 
  so what , no one supports the settlers , everyone knows that they are batshit crazy . 
  that is n't the point , all this crap does nothing to reach out to more moderate israelis who have the political power to actually jolt the peace process out of the stagnant point its currently in . 
  that 's the only way to end this bullshit for good . 
   the israelis on reddit prefer to say that they `` pancaked '' her . 
  and they 're probably here now and downvoting this post . 
  seems pretty clear to me, 
   and what has pressure on israel brought has thus far ?
