  germany , norway , the netherlands , sweden , even australia and canada all get in on the action . 
  exercises have a very limited bearing on reality . 
  for one thing the usn is n't allowed to use its full capability in exercises , for example certain active sonar can be very damaging to marine life . 
  but that 's ignoring the fact that most exercises are n't meant to be a full on test of strength and capability . 
  navies use them to iron out kinks in their operation procedures and test out tactics . 
  in the real world taking a photo of the uss nimitz does n't mean a damn thing more than a boost to your national ego . 
   us can get their 2 . class troops out of here . 
  rofl , coming from a finnish poster this is especially funny . 
  i guess your conscript army is far superior to the usa 's all volunteer force ? 
  we do n't have anywhere near enough , if you believe otherwise you are simply willfully ignorant . 
  the libya campaign stretched uk&f rench awacs , strategic airlift and istar capabilities to breaking point . 
  the entire eu has a grand total of 8 strategic airlift aircraft , the raf 's c-17s . 
   removing their govt just because they say something you do n't like and do n't do what you want is thankfully being consigned to history . 
  good lord , i ca n't believe i 'm not on / r/circlejerk . 
  do you really believe that this is what the usa does ? 
   unemployment in the usa would be epic if defence spending was cut back to sensible levels . 
  i 'd like a source on that please . 
  for one thing you 're completely ignoring the fact that industry in many eu countries is heavily based on defence , for example british shipyards would be in deeper trouble than they already are with rn contracts . 
  same with france , we built a new type of amphibious assault craft based on navy specs , and now we 've managed to flog a couple of them to russia . 
  similar with dassault and the rafale sale to india . 
  even sweden exports tons of military hardware you 're being hopelessly naive and making sweeping statements about the usa without any factual basis . 
  but france and the uk already have `` limited invasion capability '' on their own . 
  what interest would we have in a joint-eu military ? 
  european nations have vastly differing views on defence . 
  most european nations simply want to get away with spending as little as possible , relying on us power to safeguard international trade and react to unexpected geopolitical challenges . 
  the only two countries in europe that are prepared to spend more than token amounts on their military budgets are france and the uk . 
  so it follows that in any joint eu army france and uk would spend the lion 's share of money . 
  furthermore pretty much every country apart from those two and denmark has shown themselves to be extremely reticent to put their soldiers in any actual danger . 
  in afghanistan , bundeswehr forces were until a couple years back forbidden to conduct operations at night , and their obsession with force protection has led them to deploy main battle tanks even though they are completely unsuited to the war there . 
  italian troops actually bribed the taliban to stay in certain areas , and when they handed over to french troops they neglected to mention this . 
  french forces patrolled into one of these valleys and were promptly ambushed , and suffered something like 11 killed . 
  we have n't exactly covered ourselves in glory , france , germany , italy , sweden and the rest sent their troops to safe ( at the time ) northern provinces , leaving the real fighting in the east and south of the country to the usa , uk , canada and denmark . 
  the fact that you have a positive upvote/downvote ratio makes me sad :(, 
  times change , societies adapt along with people . 
  that 's what the tommies fought for , not any one outdated ideology . 
  if the tommies could see the country today overrun with negroes and wogs they 'd have joined hitler rah rah rah rah what fucking bullshit . 
  as usual / r/europe upvotes this crap , just wonderful . 
  go on / int / and you 'll see it a lot . 
  although you might need to wash your eyes afterwards . 
  well , they knew what they signed up for . 
  i 'm sure they 'll enjoy their substantial salaries when they do graduate !, 
  comes from the whole polandball joke about poland always being incredibly angry at russia for stealing its `` clay and horses '' . 
  to an unfortunate extent , sometimes . 
  for example they heavily promoted the work of certain historians on the mau mau uprising , presenting their conclusions as facts which had been suppressed by the old guard of the empire . 
  obviously the truth is more complex than that . 
  european countries can be too quick to condemn their ancestors sometimes . 
  not enough people know about this guy https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/luca_pacioli, 
  my friend , there 's really no easy way to tell you this . 
  you might want to sit down , it might make it easier to bear . 
  you have just been trolled . 
  i 'm so , so sorry . 
  the thing about balkan drama on reddit is that its always hilarious , but its also kind of uncomfortable cos you know people like this started genocides in the past . 
  hopefully he can get it all out of his system on the interwebs . 
  [ case in point ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/17td9n/greece_a_financial_genocide/c88ownc ), 
  heaven forfend someone crack a joke or two on this subreddit . 
  lucky chainsawepidemic is n't macedonian though , you 'd probably be even more angry with him . 
  it 's the state of the union . 
  he 's got to throw people some red meat . 
  it 's a `` joke '' on the fact that some aspects of finland 's history involve asia , or at least non-scandinavian components . 
  for example the finnish language is part of the finno-ugric language which comprises many eastern-european languages . 
  i 'm confused , did someone not tell the romanians that the whole poster campaign was a joke by the guardian ? 
  it 's from the / int / board ( like most of the stuff uat2d posts ) , and they are pretty racist . 
  so they have a joke where sweden is always portrayed as a black/somalian person due to the large number of somalian asylum seekers who have gone there in the past few years . 
  it 's from 4chan, 
  churchill 's ideas were similar . 
  that 's simply not the case . 
  some , but not all polls show scotland has a slightly higher support for the eu , but it is n't significant enough to draw definite conclusions . 
  i 've used loads of scottish notes to top up mine . 
  they must 've fixed it at some point . 
  rattleshirt ? 
  he came on a bit strong , but / r/europe can sometimes be enough to put even the most saintly briton on edge . 
  yes , the supreme court is likely the only way to make it happen on a federal level , which is what i meant when i said that congress wo n't act on the issue . 
  even if the democrats win big in 2016 i highly doubt that federal legislation on gay marriage would happen . 
  that 's not just a gay right issue but a huge state 's rights one . 
  that 's one of many possibilities . 
  why should they speculate in public when the investigation has only just begun ? 
  but it has n't been confirmed . 
  who 's moaning ? 
  the article was even posted here by a polish person . 
  oh wow this is amazing , thanks . 
  in my ward the third highest language after english is french , funnily enough . 
  i am the 1.18 % !, 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-20209770 definitely worth checking out . 
  [ here 's a good rundown . 
  ] ( https://www.nsfwcorp.com/dispatch/everythings-coming-up-mali ) mnla , or national liberation movement for azawad - taureg rebels looking to create a seperate taureg state in northern mali . 
  enemies of the jihadists . 
  divided loyalties between their kinsmen in the mnla and their ideological compatriots in the various islamist groups . 
  al qaeda in the maghrib ( aqim ) , the movement for unity and jihad in west africa ( mujwa ) , the signed in blood brigade and others - radical islamist jihadi groups , mostly made up of foreigners such as sunni arabs . 
  seek to create an islamic caliphate throughout north africa . 
  enemies of the government and ethnic black africans more generally . 
  currently has the best weaponry out of the three , and possibly the largest numbers , although this could change . 
   melt in to the community . 
  what little community there is in northern mali is either black african , and so completely opposed to any `` melting '' , or taureg , who support only some groups ( the taureg focused ones , not the jihadis ) . 
  i guess the us response would be something like `` sorry for blowing the shit out of your entire army and only losing a handful of aircraft '' or `` sorry , we did n't realise you needed a little bit more time to finish off your genocide . '', 
  easier said than done , francois hollande would probably slaughter a litter of puppies and bathe in their blood on live tv if he could achieve 10 % efficiency savings in our healthcare system . 
  i got 10/10 , aww yeah, 
  rpa , remotely piloted aircraft , is the new term they 've come up with . 
  it should be noted that the bij report 's accuracy has been disputed . 
  i do n't believe specific information on who lacked what ever came into the public domain . 
  it 's pretty much a known fact that eu military operations are a gigantic clusterfuck .
