there is a second division team called klub sportowy rugby wroc\u0142aw ( sports club rugby wroc\u0142aw ) . 
  after the 3-0 i was a little bit pissed off , but thanks tuchel everything was fine after the final whistle . 
  of course i want to see kings landing !, 
  groningen is just fantastic . 
  i watched borgen so i know everything about danish politics . 
  i know the tapes but i do n't remember anything that relates to your statement from the sikorski/rostowski ones . 
  source ? 
  if the russians would build a wall i 'm sure it would be on the odra river between poland and germany . 
  motherland is getting bigger and bigger . 
  in poland the cost of making 1 , 2 and 5 grosz ( about 1/4 cent , 1/2 cent and 1,25 cent ) is about twice higher the the value of the coin itself . 
  i love reddit , 4 poles discuss about polish coal in english . 
  the problem is not what they say with pegida but more what the think about the muslim community in germany . 
  in poland the hate towards muslims is so big in some groups , that theh want to deport them , but then they remember that we do n't really have any muslims in poland . 
  why is there a taboo in germany ? 
  ' 74 , ' 78 and '10 best years of my life . 
  remember that even , when only one in ten buses is late , to complain that the bus is late `` as always in this city/country '' . 
  in poland before the war eating horse meat was seem as some kind of cannibalism because of the long polish cavalry history . 
  \u0104 , \u0106 , \u0118 , \u00d3 , \u015a , \u0179 , \u017b - here we go poland won again a glorious competition . 
  why are the people so pissed off . 
  i can never understand that . 
  not really in poland white catholics are over 98,9 % of the population !, 
  i mean come on anyone from my family ( polish ) says that hungary was a lot richer and actually had some nice things to buy etc then how it was in communist poland . 
  yes but you have to remember that before '89 hungary was a lot richer then any other eastern europe country . 
  ehhhh , the mi5 really wants to see my penis so bad ? 
  i heard that the us wants to rename them to freedom fries . 
  germans are traditionally very anti-american . 
  yes . 
  i once watched `` black cat , white cat '' does that count ? 
  what happened in 2001 ? 
  is there really no party that is worth a vote ? 
  finally kr\u00f3lewiec / k\u00f6nigsberg is back in poland . 
  in poland people are completely against muslim immigrants that would be settled here , same as in eastern europe in general . 
  but a few weeks ago someone told that we could take 2000 christian syrians to poland and now everyone is agreeing that this would be actually a nice idea . 
  poles are completely frightened about the possibility of the islamisation of europe . 
  in poland for example we mostly see him as a hero and he is even mentioned in our national anthem . 
  ( `` napol\u00e9on gave us a good example how we should win '' ) but still you have to remember that his france gave poland some kind of independence about 12 years after poland was annexed by russia , austria and prussia . 
  no wonder that the greeks are passed , they are broke + they pay a lot for their internet . 
  shame on them . 
  maybe a ice to warsaw ? 
  konstantynopolita\u0144czykowianeczka - a female citizen of the old city of constantinople ul - beehive, 
  for me die linke was always very far left . 
  every bigger synagogue was demolished during the nazi party in the 40 ' . 
  what did happen to the old good not fanatic religious turkey ? 
  i am really surprised to see so much warm colors in finnish paintings . 
  you know how much some polish worker would earn in the 80 ' per month ? 
  about 80 german marks , so yeah it 's a very big jump today from what it used to be . 
  come on it 's not the 80 ' where eastern europe war really poor . 
  every year the differences between west and east europe are smaller and smaller . 
  `` ca\u0142uj mnie '' is pretty awesome . 
  he quickly changed his mind about that issue, 
  maybe he 's happy that the ruch narodowy got only 1 % !, 
  but they are not member states , the live in a country that is a member state of the eu . 
  write a summary with some facts that you know about the city and it is done . 
  i think that 's not how it works pal . 
  the worst toilet in scotland, 
  have you ever heard an linke opinion that something that the usa done was right ? 
  and on the other hand they are critical when it comes to gay rights in russia or the regressions on the russian opposition . 
  they are with russia because they hate america . 
  + they are fascist assholes, 
  i think it 's more a fanatic anti usa party then a pro russian one . 
  i did n't really see any czechs or poles in 1938/39 that are happy that they country is occupated by the germans . 
  for poland i would say `` dzie\u0144 \u015awira '' ( `` day of the wacko '' in english ) . 
  happily it 's changing for better but some things are sadly still the same . 
  `` liberum veto intensifies '', 
  my fault !, 
  if the germans would pay some money to the greeks then they should also pay it to the poles . 
  so again it would be called the visegr\u00e1d triangle !, 
  why so ? 
  for me it 's fascinating to see someone that is 96 years old and has such a clear mind and sharp tongue . 
  of course but we are talking in this topic only about the military context . 
  so why did n't the iii reich use chemical weapons ? 
  nuclear weapons are more something like the last solution and no country would ever use them in a war . 
  it was the same with chemical weapons in the second world war , everybody had them but no one used them in battle because of the fear that the opponent would use them too . 
  i would really like to go !, 
  realising prisoners was quite normal in the first years of auschwitz . 
  from the first transport to auschwitz over 230 of 728 men lived after the war . 
  here we have a list http://www.14czerwca1940.pl/pierwszy-transport/lista.html and over 70 of them were released which is about 1/10 th of the transport . 
  we had like the most awesome cavalry with wings called the husaria so according to the rules that i just made up that means we conquered moscow the best way anyone else did . 
  come on friends it was really fun in wilno , nothing beats a good cold kvass !, 
  come on men if bohemia was an empire then the polish - lithuenian commonwealth had to be a something like a super empite . 
  that 's a very local rap song from the industrial area of g\u00f3rny \u015al\u0105sk ( upper silesia ) in poland . 
  of course some polish people were kapos etc. 
  but only poles never organized any kind of ss divisions or helped the german wehrmacht during the ii ww . 
  even more they tried to help they jewish friends like for example in the \u017begota organisation . 
  there were individuals like looters for example that were looking for jews they could sell later to the germans ( everyone of them was instantly killed by the polish underground army when he was found and said guilty of treason to polish citizens ) but the polish as a nation never collaborated with the germans as they were themselves victims of this war . 
  chill out men , no need to be a dick . 
  yeah sure , the same was in the eastern block . 
  how can you tell the people that all the old nazi are in west germany and the nazi fighters in east germany . 
  there is a polish joke where a grandmother speaks with her grandchildren , they ask her what did she do during the ii ww . 
  she answers that she helped the guerilla fighters and they always thanked her with a big `` danke '' . 
  the grandchildren tell her that she was a saboteur and helped the nazi . 
  she just says `` do n't worry chlideren i only helped the good ones from the ddr '' . 
  why did someone down vote me ? 
  + 6,454 polish citizens have have been recognized as righteous among the nations by yad vashem as non-jews who saved jews from extermination during the holocaust . 
  you could always try to buy something from `` under the table '' unofficial and illegal from the employees which had some stuff in the back or you could buy vinegar which was always available . 
  i do n't belive you , this is how shops looked like in the 80 's on communist poland . 
  daniel olbrychski in the promised land from 1975 . 
  it 's about a story of a pole , a german , and a jew struggling to build a factory in the raw world of 19th century capitalism in the new industrial city of \u0141\u00f3d\u017a . 
  best year of my life !, 
  i really like this design : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5a/flag_of_poland.jpg you 're also welcomed to come back !,
