  it 's just the first day of the leak . 
  give them some time . 
  timothy snyder wrote that if they take gross his order away , he will give his order back as well . 
  i really hope that the will get the 5 % in the next elections . 
  it is just so sad that 70 years 60 years after the ii world war such incidents still happen . 
  i did n't do it , i think some mod did it . 
  not all cartoons of mleczko are shown in gazeta wyborcza , if you look further back you will see that quite a lot of cartoons do n't have the gw symbol . 
  ( about 1/3 ), 
  why ? 
  charlie hebdo would be also very racist if you find this cartoon to ofensive . 
  it 's satire . 
  it reminds me a little bit of prague . 
  how is he doing in general as president btw ? 
  the 16 and 17 century, 
  if you are interested in this topic i would recommend you the book of roger crowley `` empires of the sea : the final battle for the mediterranean , 1521-1580 '' . 
  he writes about the siege of rhodos and malta and also about the battle of lepanto so it 's very read worthy to read . 
  `` constantinople : the last great siege , 1453 '' by roger crowley is an awesome book about this topic . 
  i really recommend it . 
  rio de janeiro -- the last hope for cameroon to win a 2016 olympic medal arrived in the wrestling arena on thursday night in the stern and determined form of annabel laure ali , a 31-year-old who would vie for a bronze in the women 's freestyle competition . 
  gladiatorial rock music blasted from loudspeakers as ali walked to the mat a few feet behind her opponent , ekaterina bukina of russia . 
  it had been a tough olympics for this central african nation of 22 million . 
  the news media in cameroon belittled the performance as `` operation zero medals . '' by thursday , at 5 p.m. , only ali could save the country from an olympic shutout . 
  `` i win , i lose , '' she had said in an interview about pressure a few hours earlier . 
  `` i do n't want to regret after . '' for all their egalitarian aspirations , embodied by the parade in the opening ceremony , the olympics are a highly lopsided affair . 
  through saturday afternoon , the five most victorious countries had claimed nearly 40 percent of all the medals , and the top 10 owned about 55 percent . 
  most countries -- more than 120 as of friday -- go home with nothing . 
  for them , the games are not so much about tallying up glories as staving off embarrassment . 
  and for this sizable contingent , there is a huge difference between zero medals and one . 
  consider what happened last week with austria . 
  it is a winter sports powerhouse , but when the rio games began , it was in the midst of a summer games medal drought . 
  the problem started at the 2012 london olympics , when the country failed to take home so much as a bronze . 
  the minister of sport at the time , norbert darabos , went to england during this debacle and denounced his country 's athletes as `` olympic tourists . '' he promised a new law that would focus funding on the most promising sports . 
  `` we have to change the structures in time so that we can win medals in rio in 2016 , '' he fumed in a 2012 interview , `` or else we will again be on the same level as luxembourg . 
  they wo n't win anything in london , either . '' the upshot was `` projekt rio , '' a program funded with 20 million euros ( about $ 22.5 million ) . 
  it quickly looked like a waste of money . 
  on the first full day of competition , a well-regarded judo fighter lost in just 27 seconds . 
  the beach volleyball team was knocked out by the cubans . 
  there were injuries and weak performances . 
  a sailing duo in the 49er class that seemed poised for greatness failed to make the medal race . 
  headlines at home were hostile . 
  `` olympic debacle !, 
  we live in the stone age , '' wrote kronen zeitung . 
  \u00d6sterreich went with `` europe laughs at our olympic tourists , '' and got personal and pithy with this one : `` you are embarrassing ! '' when day 13 rolled around , all of austria 's remaining chances resided with three sailing teams . 
  two of them came up short . 
  the last of the races that day was the final in the mixed nacra 17 , a catamaran operated by a man and woman . 
  ( hence `` mixed . '' ) tanja frank and thomas zajac , the very blond austrian nacra 17 team , were hardly considered one of the country 's more promising medal threats at the start of the games . 
  `` we were really not in the small circle of favorites , '' zajac said thursday night . 
  he was sitting on a sofa on the roof of austria house , an event dining room for invited guests as well as party headquarters for brazilians who want to stop by and dance outside to a disc jockey . 
  `` there were three or four favorites and then five or six that were in the hunt . 
  we were one of those five or six . '' they belonged in the circle of favorites , it turned out . 
  sailing has a complex system of scoring that factors in previous performances , but as soon as the pair crossed the finish line , they knew they had won bronze . 
  so they did something that seems hard to imagine : they jumped into the water . 
  `` you win a medal , and you do n't really care about the water , '' said zajac , 30 , his nose sunburned . 
  `` you feel like you 've survived everything . '' the news media in austria announced that the national summer medal drought had ended after exactly 2,923 days . 
  christian kern , the country 's chancellor , posted an exultant note on facebook . 
  the pair received hundreds of emails , texts and messages . 
  frank , who until wednesday had only been asked about her i.q. , which has been reported to exceed 155 , was finally asked about something else . 
  `` the next day , '' she said , `` we were on the cover of every newspaper in austria . '' life for the national olympic committee 's spokesman , wolfgang eichler , has since improved , too . 
  the notion of leaving rio empty-handed , of another four years of drought counting , was hard to contemplate . 
  a single bronze does not exactly represent a turnaround . 
  `` but now it 's easier to do my work , '' eichler said . 
  `` it 's not as though now is all good , but at least we 're celebrating a medal . '' at the olympic wrestling venue , ali was trying do for cameroon what frank and zajac had done for austria . 
  the match was the only close one of the night . 
  at 4 minutes 17 seconds , ali grabbed one of bukina 's legs and forced her to hop backward and out of the ring , tying the score at 3-3 . 
  the seconds ticked down . 
  ali lunged again for bukina 's legs , missing this time , then dropped to one knee and lunged again . 
  but bukina twisted just enough to deflect ali , who wound up on both knees . 
  when bukina swung around and grabbed her by the waist , she won 2 points . 
  it happened at 5:58 . 
  two seconds later , the match was over . 
  ali and cameroon were out of the olympics . 
  it happened so fast that even bukina seemed stunned . 
  ali passed through the interview zone without speaking , looking exhausted and inconsolable . 
  but on her way out of the arena , she stopped to speak to a french reporter . 
  `` i could taste the bronze , '' she told him . 
  `` she is to be celebrated , of course , '' said her coach , dieudonn\u00e9 ebouele motto . 
  `` because in all our delegation , she is the only one to have done something like this . '' motto was speaking in french , through a volunteer interpreter named davide adams , who happened to be from cameroon . 
  she has a radiant smile , but even as it flashed , over and over , she said she wanted to cry . 
  `` so close , '' she said , writhing a little . 
  `` did you see how close it was ? 
  it was like she was going to win and then suddenly , she did n't . 
  i ca n't believe it . 
  oh my god . 
  i ca n't believe it . '' the cosmic unfairness of the games then started to bother her . 
  `` the u.s. gets all the medals , '' she said , finding the seam between outrage and amusement . 
  `` what 's wrong with you ? 
  why do n't you share ? '', 
  if anybody is interested here is a site that is quite good in explaining this complex topic . 
  `` at the first ever joint polish-ukrainian conference in podkowa le\u015bna organized on june 7 -- 9 , 1994 by karta centre and subsequent polish-ukrainian historian meetings , with almost 50 polish and ukrainian participants , an estimate of 50,000 polish deaths in volhynia was settled '' . 
  if it comes to ukrainian casualties `` ukrainian deaths also include those which occurred during the forced resettlement of poland 's post-war ukrainian minority by the communist authorities in operation vistula . '' . 
  i do n't think this can be also said to be fault of the polish government before the war and the government in london . 
  about 60 000 poles killed by ukrainians and about 5000 ukrainians killed by poles as revenge acts . 
  the story of how theresa may , the united kingdom 's home secretary , became the presumptive prime minister is one of tragi-farcical , politico-comic self-destruction . 
  it has played out with slapstick speed since the morning after the nation voted to leave the european union , two and a half weeks ago , and the conservative prime minister , david cameron , who had campaigned against brexit , said that he would resign rather than preside over it . 
  at the time , cameron figured that he 'd stick around until november , and there was an assumption in many quarters that he 'd be succeeded by boris johnson , an m.p. 
  and the former mayor of london , who likes to preen about how disorderly he is . 
  but on monday , standing in front of 10 downing street , cameron said that britain would `` have a new prime minister in that building behind me by wednesday evening , '' and that it would be may , who had his support . 
  she might have been on the job even sooner than that , except that , this being britain , taking power still involves a visit to the palace , and the queen is out of town . 
  brexit has not brought out the best in british political culture , and one can say that even as an american in the age of donald trump . 
  the largest issues have been the careless smashing of alliances , the lies to and the scorn for voters ( by both sides , if more by leave ) that enabled the brexit victory , and the realization by non-british e.u.
