  not since the 1800 's , as much as you idolize them . 
  obviously reputation is subject to opinion so i ca n't speak for everyone , including yourself . 
  it 's probably a case of you europeans reinventing us to be honest :p i think being an island nation , we 've historically been a bit isolated from the rest of you europeans , who 've had an easier time crossing each others borders and trading/sharing ideas . 
  but either way , having better transport connecting us and being in the eu , i think we are catching up . 
  do n't take this too seriously mate . 
  it was supposed to be a light hearted jab at the french for their military `` reputation '' . 
  if you insist on taking this seriously ; broadly speaking , british and french defense forces are comparable in size . 
  france has a more military power in some respects , but not in others . 
  for example ; france has more military personnel , uk has a higher proportion of deployable combat-ready troops . 
  france has more fighter aircraft , uk has more aircraft and cruise missiles . 
  france has more ships , we have a greater landing force capability and so on ... technologically we are equal but the uk has a bigger defense budget being the 2nd biggest in nato and 4th in the world . 
  in fact it was only a few years ago when we had the second biggest in the world . 
  yeah , we could give the same rebuttal for british cuisine by naming a few michelin star restaurants . 
  [ i just thought it was a commonly known stereotype ] ( http://www.englishforums.com/english/stereotypesabouteuropeans/wnbwn/post.htm ) . 
  i think when people are thinking about italian engineering they imagine tinny fiats breaking down or their exhausts falling off etc. 
  or that could be how people view our engineering , i might be confusing the two . 
  agreed . 
  france and italy need to be swapped around . 
  britain was n't always like this . 
  i think a lot of damage has been done by the media scaremongering ; reporting almost every case of pedophilia or murder , which has made us more paranoid and aware of the prevalence of it in our society . 
  where as before i think people could only draw on their own personal experience of their society and lived in blissful ignorants of what was happening further away . 
  to them the possibility of your child being abducted was non-existent . 
  it was probably unheard of . 
  perhaps there 's also a problem with people being more mobile ( thanks to advancements in transport ) where you can get maybe thousand of strangers passing through your village in a day which make people less certain of their community ... ? 
  also instead of having families who 've lived in the same village or in neighbouring towns for generations , which allows for their own community or even accents to develop , we 're now a lot more shuffled with people coming from all over the country and even from other countries . 
  again making us less certain/confident of the community we live in . 
  huzzah for the british empire and for those european countries who are in close geographical proximity to the motherland !, 
  notice how press freedom fades away in europe the further the countries are from great britain . 
  :p on a serious note , i had no idea russia shares a border with lithuania and poland ? 
  [ this website ] ( http://worldnames.publicprofiler.org/default.aspx ) might give you * some * idea . 
  if you type in your country 's most common family name ( like ` smith ' for the uk ) , it will show how it 's distributed around the world . 
  you can click on countries and regions for more detail . 
  `` the dogs bollocks ! '', 
  i think we ( england ) just have an awful education system . 
  it has been really dumbed down over the years and most students leave secondary school when they 're 16 , after their gcse 's . 
  sometimes they 're forced out because their grades are n't good enough to continue there doing a-levels , but also they 'd leave by personal choice . 
  so they 're often leaving with less than proficient language and numeracy skills . 
  i remember as i did n't do too well in the first few years of secondary school ( mainly because i was more interested in girls and making friends ) , i was forced to take classes and exams below my capability . 
  no matter how hard i tried and how well i did in the following years ( i would often get full marks ) , in some classes i was never able to take an exam that could be graded above a c. partly because i think it 's too difficult or time consuming for teachers to move a student up a set . 
  so some students are forced to learn below their potential and then forced to leave school at 16 , when they do n't have enough a 's to continue until they 're 18 . 
  fortunately i had got enough but i 'm still annoyed at the system . 
   * what do you suggest ? 
  feeding all of our elderly the crocodiles ? 
  * i think we should disband pensions while maintaining a disability/incapacity benefit . 
  so people work until they are no longer capable of it , instead of because they 've reached a certain age . 
  atleast for the private sector . 
  we should still give pensions to those who 've worked for a number of years in the public sector ( e.g nhs , military , police ) . 
  we could possibly encourage businesses to contribute to their employees pensions with tax incentives . 
  how about the [ golden eagle ? 
  yep , just to reinforce what you said : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/airbus_a350_xwb  * `` in 2006 , airbus redesigned the aircraft and renamed it the a350 xwb ( extra wide body ) . 
  airbus stated that it will be more fuel-efficient and have operating costs up to 8 % lower than the competing boeing 787 dreamliner . 
  because they 're patriots who share our hate for the french ... or because they speak english , so england will be easier to integrate to . 
  i think also the uk has a good passport for visa-free travel ( [ one of the best from what i 've read ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/travel/news-and-advice/access-almost-all-areas-the-british-passport-is-no1-for-visafree-travel-8854369.html ) ) . 
  so if they became a citizen here , it would open up allot of other countries to them . 
  maybe armenia ... lol, 
  yeah , but i have to admit ; russia has vast natural resources . 
  we have a services/consumer based economy ( hardly much international diplomatic leverage ) . 
  they have a bigger military . 
  although their equipment is old and outdated compared to ours , i 'm sure they could achieve more with theirs . 
  their leader is an authoritarian , billionaire lieutenant colonel . 
  we have dave ... 
  sometimes a country 's influence is only as strong as its leader . 
   the scheme would work either using satellites , which would communicate limits to cars automatically , or using cameras to read road signs . 
  could this technology also allow the government or police to shut down your car remotely ? 
  [ here 's an article with some pics from the telegraph . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/culture/art/architecture/10266749/the-library-of-birmingham-first-look.html ), 
  i think ` only fools and horses ' was once voted the nations favourite tv show , so that gets my vote . 
  sorry , i did n't mean anything malicious or political by it . 
  it 's what i thought they were universally referred to . 
  i do n't think of the british isles as ` british ' . 
  i assumed the name stemmed from the romans ( insulae britannicae ) ? 
  then why do n't you just want to be a republic of ireland ? 
  edit ; didnt see your flair . 
  republic of scotland . 
  always a popular opinion :( why are you lot so keen on dumping england anyway ? 
  you go from a union the size of the netherlands to one the size of germany . 
  edit : i think i said something about this here a while ago , but i think we should have a mini european union style federation for the british isles ( sorry ireland , that 's just what they 're called ) . 
  if we were a republic , we could invite the republic of ireland to join , with the incentive of seeding northern ireland back to them . 
  if the uk as we know it and royalty no longer existed , it would suck allot of wind out of both of their sails . 
  as there are four major countries in the british isles and an election for each country 's leader is held once every four years , we could each take it in turns to be president of the union for one year . 
  i mean we could be in the european free trade area but create our own equal political union of england , ireland , scotland , wales , isle of man etc. 
  so : * england would n't have to be in the european union . 
  * scotland would gain independence from england ( westminster ) . 
  * ireland would be reunited ** and ** northern ireland would still be part of a union with great britain . 
  * we would be a bigger union , more equal union and a more independent union sharing and coordinating the burden of defence , foreign policy ( that 'll be a tricky one ) infrastructure , research & development etc. 
  and then the girl said something like `` europe is n't that different from china except from the architecture '' . 
  what were they expecting when european buildings and landmarks were the only thing they were visiting on their check-list ? 
  they stayed with their own group and only ate chinese food at chinese restaurants . 
  well britain 's germanic base was influenced by celtic , latin , and scandinavian ( old norse ) . 
  i think saying `` a * little * bit of french '' is unfair as apparently nearly 30 % of all english words have a french origin . 
  [ * the percentage of modern english words derived from each language group * ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/98/origins_of_english_piechart.svg ), 
  not to forget the celtic influence on english vocabulary and the scandinavian influence , thanks to the vikings . 
  english is a good all-round european language . 
  i 'm a little sceptical about this after reading [ this article ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/uknews/crime/9896121/up-to-one-in-three-romanians-arrested-figures-show.html ) from the telegraph . 
  apparently , despite 80,000 romanians living in london , they account for 27,725 serious offences in london ( obviously some may have committed a serious offence more than once ) . 
  to put it eloquently , maybe there 's a case of where they do n't shit on their own doorstep and instead commit crime in other boroughs ? 
  but i do n't really know :p i do n't really know how these statistics measure up to the british nationals either . 
  edit : to clarify my point , it 's quite unlikely that you 'll burgle , vandalise or steal your neighbours car is n't it ? 
  you are going to want to do that away from home and especially in richer areas where it will be more worth your while . 
  but i do n't have any statistics to back that up with .
