  anyway , what 's the deal with that comic ? 
  the uk spends more than both south korea and japan on defence ... it should be showing the free-loaders like italy or spain instead . 
  i thought it was just the french who were running out of munitions ( bombs ) in libya ? 
  the british were reluctant to expend too many of their tomahawk missiles ( fyi britain was n't in any danger of depleting their tomahawks , the issue was the cost of replacing them ) , however if there were a threat of invasion by a relatively big military aggressor ( not just some unpopular , questionable foreign intervention ) we would throw everything we 've got at them and the tax payer/voter would be willing to support it . 
  i wonder whether russia could have coped much better in libya , than france or britain * and * would have been willing to expend so much of their munitions and money ? 
  i know russia has recently defeated a * small neighbouring * country called georgia , but the british in the 1980 's sailed to the other side of the world and managed to defeat argentina ( population equal to the ukraine , but argentina is three times richer ) , basically right on their doorstep . 
   `` let 's not forget that it was the soviet union who won the ww2 providing more then 6 million soldiers to the eastern front and defeating the germans . '', 
  yeah , but that was the soviet union ( not just russia ) against only germany , with help from the allies ... and the germans were pushing them back for quite a while . 
  also i would n't say the soviet union `` won '' ww2 . 
  they definitely played a major part of it , but the three major powers were like a tripod . 
  we each won it and if you took out either the british empire/commonwealth , the united states or the soviet union , the nazi 's would 've been undefeated . 
  edit : just for fun , a couple of likely scenarios ( out of many ) had it not been for the allies : * without the fundamental support of the british , the soviet union would have quickly surrendered ( perhaps as early as 1942 ) after being starved of supplies and would have had the full attention of the nazi 's . 
  and if britain was * captured * by the nazi 's , the outcome would 've been even more devastating with the nazis gaining access to the world 's largest navy , its trading routes and the uncontested oil supplies in north africa , middle east etc. 
  meanwhile , the united states probably would have signed a peace treaty with the nazi 's following shortly after , before even joining the war on the western front . 
  * if the united states never existed , the japanese empire would have opportunistically made a vulnerable , war-torn , but victorious nazi europe ( including defeated britain and its colonies ) its bitch and oppressed us for the next century , partly by limiting our re-militarisation ( i 'd imagine it would 've been under the pretence of `` europe constantly getting itself into trouble '' , but the real reason is obvious ) . 
  and of course , the nazi 's `` ally '' japan would have provided little or no money to rebuild europe , unlike the americans did . 
  hitler probably would have killed himself , anyway . 
  they 're not `` weak '' but russia 's military largely consists of an abundance of cold war era relics , they 've inherited from the soviet union . 
  with a similar defence budget , the uk has less equipment ( tanks , aircraft , ships etc ) than russia , but the equipment the uk has invested in is state of the art . 
  a military conflict between the two countries ( sorry to use this reddit clich\u00e9 ) would be like 100 duck sized horses going to war against one horse sized duck . 
  an example of quality beating quantity ; during the 1991 gulf war , 180 of britain 's previous generation of tank ( challenger 1 ) destroyed around 300 iraqi tanks sold by russia , with * no * losses . 
  interesting fact : the challenger 1 tank also gained the record for the longest tank to tank kill during the conflict , destroying an iraqi t-62 from a distance of 3.2 miles ( 5.1 km ) . 
  as joseph stalin said - `` quantity is a quality of its own . '', 
  however if you add nato ( including the usa ) into the equation , we 'd have both and russia * would * be weak in comparison . 
  for russia it would be like 100 duck sized horses going to war against 100 horse sized ducks ( sorry again ) . 
  we have to let you win at * something * ... 
  okay , we let you win at a lot of things , but it 's only because we let you  :(, 
  will that mean the united states will overtake the european union 's economy this year ? 
   `` and the french get insulted all the live long day . '', 
  i wonder why ... 
  what he said was n't really a joke or making fun , he just made a plain insult . 
  there was nothing witty or amusing about it . 
  i 'm not butthurt at all . 
  the only one whose getting upset here is you . 
  did i touch a french nerve , i wonder ?? 
  what ... 
  should n't you be responding to the person who dished it out first ? 
  i can take it . 
  i just thought that , unlike the french , i would retaliate against someone starting a fight . 
  ... and we should have known better than to try it with a nation that gives up halfway through . 
  edit : the comment i was responding to said something like `` we should have known better than to try to launch a military cooperation with an island full of retards . '', 
  i envy switzerland . 
  we ca n't have those concerns without the accusation of being racist , xenophobic , little englanders who have nostalgia for 'em pire . ', 
  maybe it 's because our country is seen as an asset ( or has assets ) that adds prestige to the eu and because of our history that we 're so quickly shot down and ridiculed for wanting to be more like switzerland or norway . 
  we may not have the high proportion of ` immigration to population ' as you do but then again , our immigration is mainly concentrated around the south east , especially london [ ( as john cleese summed up ) ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uxm1mqbgxcm ) . 
   although to be fair , someone did try to blame homosexuals for the actual weather , so there 's that ... you can see how it might be interpreted ... `` ukip blames gay marriage for floods '' and `` ukip blames eu for floods '' . 
  edit : in fact , you can see by the comments how it is being interpreted . 
   `` well , it is a step up from blaming teh gay , i suppose ... ''  `` are they turning into the next westboro baptist church now ? '', 
   `` is it the gays or is it the eu ? 
  i do n't know who i should be tutting at . '', 
  scotland makes up about 8 % percent of the uk 's economy . 
  the difference to the defence budget will be negligible . 
  i think the uk will lose about $ 5 billion of the $ 60 billion defence budget . 
  that 's ` rolls-royce motor cars ' . 
  a separate company from the aerospace , power systems and defense company . 
  apparently about 500 british companies are involved in the f35 programme . 
  [ from what i understood ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-26109409 ) ( start at 0:35 ) , nigel farage actually blames the environmental agency for following eu directives . 
  he 's not saying the eu * caused * the flooding . 
  it 's not your fault , it 's just the misleading title . 
  that 's not exactly what nigel farage was saying ( start around 0:35 ) . 
  misleading title . 
  no , no , no . 
  you be stealin ' our work force while we have a skills shortage , makn ' us dependant on foreign labour ... vote ukip !, 
  also , english is arguably the world 's lingua franca . 
  i think that and the influence of north america and australia maybe gives us a unique european perspective on how significant continental europe is to us and the importance of learning other european language 's ? 
  to put it another way ; i would consider * permanently * emigrating to australia or north america ( except mexico ) before any european country ( apart from our own ) . 
   we put in the time to learn french and we get access to france , a few african countries that many wo n't want to visit anyway and a small portion of canada ( who all reluctantly speak english anyway ) . 
   we put in the time to learn german and we get access to , well , germany . 
  on top of that , those countries largely speak our language anyway , often better than we can speak theirs ( or our own ) . 
  also , inaction can have consequences for us just as taking action does . 
   * the rule was : headquarter nationality = company nationality . 
  * jaguar land rover headquarters - whitley , coventry , united kingdom rolls royce motor cars headquarters - goodwood , england , united kingdom bently headquarters - crewe , england , united kingdom, 
  they 're not just manufactured in the uk , they 're designed in the uk and their headquarters are located the uk ... 
  importantly , those car companies are still seen as a british brand , which is what , if i remember correctly from various reports , the new owners wanted . 
  edit : i think the company that make the london cabs ( manganese bronze ) has been recently bought by the chinese geely group , if that 's what you were referring to ? 
  a better example of a all british company would be mclaren . 
  perhaps if our taxes were going towards building power-stations . 
  as far as i 'm aware ; our energy is n't nationalised and it 's the private sector who are investing in our energy infrastructure . 
  if we raise taxes , i think the energy companies would pass the cost onto the consumers , when one of the tories arguments for fracking is that it 's supposed to * lower * our gas bills . 
  i do n't really know enough about this sort of thing to know why it would , but would one possible reason ( for the lower gas prices ) be that it makes us less dependant on importing foreign gas ? 
  question for anyone really . 
   i do n't know but the british seems kind of obsessed with france . 
  i do n't know about whether our news takes a special interest in france , but i think one reason why we seem generally obsessed ( with france ) is simple neighbourly rivalry . 
  but , where france has four major neighbours ( germany , italy , uk and spain ) , we only have one . 
  also historically ; you 've been consistently our major european rival to contend with , while it seems every european nation has been yours . 
  would it be possible to find equivalent french articles about the uk or britain , using the web ? 
  i would try to find some myself but i do n't speak any french , or know of any french websites . 
  maybe something about the royal family as a substitute for a hollande situation , i do n't know ... 
  i think there are a lot of obsessed looking british news articles about other countries , as well . 
  as english is the global lingua franca ( suck it !, 
  / jk ) , our news sites have a wider international audience ( such as yourself ) and its content might be also reflecting their interest ? 
  perhaps being an island nation has made us more internationalist and outward-looking , taking a bigger interest in foreign affairs . 
  maybe , your comment about our perceived obsession with france has been overstated and this is really a french obsession with being obsessed with , especially by a power that was responsible for your decline and has been superior ** ever since !, 
   apparently it changed since 2010 , the 2013 data say that you spend a bit more now . 
  yeah , i 'll give some proof of that . 
  :p http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_budget your triumphant class carry 16 ballistic nuclear missiles . 
  we also have 4 nuclear missile submarines ( vanguard-class ) that carry equally as many . 
  we 're also building 7 astute attack submarines . 
  you can check out our navies here : [ france ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_active_french_navy_ships ) - [ uk ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_active_royal_navy_ships ) what i 'm saying is that your subs do n't carry cruise missiles that can take out land targets , such as tomahawks . 
  your subs carry exocets and torpedoes for destroying ships .
