  you know you can edit the original comment right ? 
  or maybe you just learned french in texas , 
  honestly as a native speaker 90 % of this is perfectly good english , sure some of it sounds a bit strange but it 's nowhere near as bad as it is being made out to be, 
  * immigrants, 
  properly . 
  yeah , some of us can do that . 
  * source * i speak spanish so can roll my ` r 's pretty well :d, 
  maybe i 'm biased because i have family from poland , but polish people speak english with a lovely accent . 
  do you roll your r 's ? 
  shame , maltese sounds nice, 
  theres hotels in and outside of the city , but its more like a large town with a historic centre, 
  or , you could base in london and go on day trips to various cities around england . 
  when you 're in london you can pretty much get anywhere in the u.k. in a few hours . 
  canterbury . 
  hour away from london by train , old medieval city with a yuuuuge cathedral , plenty of awesome small museums and tourist attractions and decent food . 
  i mean a walloon could get the red rooster right ? 
  i 've seen some poles ( in poland ) with slavic neopagan symbols and they 're pretty much always associated with neonazis : /, 
  as for representing the uk ... well scottish nationalists would probably get a tartan clad highlander , welsh would get a dragon and english would get a knight ... though for obvious reasons those are pretty racially charged pieces . 
  i would n't ever get a nationalistic piece , because although i do love this country that takes it a little too far for my comfort . 
  among more working class people in the u.k. , getting your kids names on you , regardless if they 're alive or not , is pretty popular . 
  number of overweight women in their late 20s with `` poppy '' or `` scarlett '' or `` hayden '' on their arms . 
  i mean i guess it 's a symbol but if my mum got my name tattooed on her i 'd cringe so much . 
  i 'm from just outside of london but know how to navigate the underground like almost every other londoner . 
  but i live in canterbury in kent , and for some reason kentish folk are awful at navigating london transport . 
  ahem ... colombia ... who are you , steve harvey ? 
  we have some really funny idioms and expressions that do n't work at all in most other languages . 
  mads mikkelsen is such a good actor , 
  ah ok , thank you dude :d, 
  that 's it !, 
  granada is so beautiful :d, 
  surely someone from hungary would just be called magyar right ? 
  edit : just realised there 's magyars in other countries too ... apologies, 
  neither my hometown nor my current city have demomyms for their inhabitants , and i was n't born in kent so i ca n't say i 'm really kentish , but i 'm a southerner , an englishman and a brit . 
  pans labyrinth - spanish a bunch of other spanish films i forget the names of jagten - danish downfall - german one i forget the name of but it 's about an italian jew who gets taken to a concentration camp with his son and it 's really sad ... - italian, 
  `` the states '' to distinguish it from our wonderful vassal up north , 
  what is slovak folklore like ? 
  not saying copy the witcher but like ... you guys must have some cool legends or something ? 
  it made me so angry though how a false accusation can result in so much pain for people . 
  pretty much the same here . 
  my dad 's ethnically indian and my mum is half polish , so dating someone of another race is n't really an issue for me . 
  i think a lot of people who are n't comfortable with it are usually those who think that cultures are lost with inter-ethnic marriages . 
  i disagree because my mums side is very much in touch with their slavic roots . 
  my dad ... well he enjoys a curry as much as any other brit , 
  as someone who has dated someone from another country , it can be pretty awesome . 
  you get to learn about a culture you probably never even knew anything about before meeting them . 
  honestly though i can imagine there are n't many foreigners in estonia ( other than estonian born ethnic russians ) . 
  i think it 's more than a necessary evil . 
  it 's just ... necessary . 
  according to the nhs one in three women will have an abortion at some point in their lives . 
  gibraltar , once , when i was very young and do n't remember . 
  okay , i 'm sorry . 
  also i do n't have any snobbery towards anyone . 
  i try to be nice to everyone . 
  yeah but a bit more commonplace . 
  most of us would n't take the piss out of a standard american accent , but some might laugh at a guy from the deep south . 
  but in spain i 've seen people actively do an imitation mexican or other south american accent for a laugh . 
  they even have a racial slur - `` sudacos '' ( short for `` sudamericanos '' ) . 
  only if they ally with france or refuse our calls to war , 
  spain - really friendly people , especially if you can speak decent spanish ( as in hold a conversation , not just `` una cerveza por favor '' ) . 
  however , your government is a little bit fucked as of late and there still seems to be quite a bit of snobbery towards south american people . 
  czechia - you guys have good beer . 
  however my impression of your ladies has been kinda ruined by the huge quantity of absolutely filthy orgy videos that pop up on various porn sites . 
  portugal - as an eu4 player i 'll always see you guys as our best buddies < 3 italy - absolutely beautiful country and florence is one of my favourite cities in the world . 
  i love poland because it 's a large part of my heritage , and when i 've been you guys have always been nice and friendly, 
  i do n't remember the late 90s ... i was a toddler . 
  no , i have not . 
  i do n't speak the queens . 
  i speak standard home counties english . 
  yes , finnic tribes did live on both sides of the ural mountains , that is true . 
  the hungarians broke off from the larger uralic linguistic group a long time ago . 
  i would n't say you are asiatics . 
  you 're no more asiatic than a finnish or estonian person . 
  but the basques have ben in europe a long long time . 
  also , the guy said pre-ie , not non-ie . 
  sorry , not saying you guys arent important , just that you arent the oldest group in europe, 
  the spanish spent centuries pushing the moors out of the iberian peninsula . 
  why would they build a bridge to let them all come back again ? 
  ( before you all downvote , i 'm kidding . 
  no migrant in their right mind would go to spain right now , there 's no work ) . 
  yorkshire . 
  basques have been in europe since the ice sheets receded . 
  the magyars are relatively new to europe . 
  by commands , you mean `` i can read and write pretty well , and understand a lot of idioms and phrases that are british-specific '' . 
  i doubt you can do a convincing native british accent ( of any region ) . 
  as an english speaker , i 'd say unless the person was born here , or lived her 90 % of their life , it 's very hard for them to have a convincing native-sounding accent . 
  i 've met people from all over the world who have good grammar and spelling but can not do a convincing accent at all . 
  i 'd say this is standard grammar for english regardless of country . 
  obviously people make mistakes , as is human . 
  out of interest , would you say `` there are a lot of poles '' or `` there is a lot of poles '' in polish , or does it work in a similar way to english in that aspect ? 
  https://www.grammarly.com/blog/there-is-there-are/ this should explain the rules concisely . 
  because `` a lot of '' is plural in this context because `` poles '' is in the plural . 
  that 's why you could say `` there is a lot of tension '' rather than `` there are a lot of tension '' because tension is singular . 
  but because the noun is in the plural , you would say `` there are a lot of '', 
  never actually met someone from greenland , is it cold ? 
  ( rhetorical question , of course it 's cold ), 
  albany in new york state , usa ? 
  the correct way is `` there are a lot of poles '', 
  always a shirtless douchebag named `` joe '' , 
  that and i think a middle aged man with a young and beautiful wife/girlfriend , though i may be generalising, 
  i thought you guys all wore berets and smelled of garlic ,
