man knows dem streets fam, 
  but is winston harambe confirmed ? 
  but it 's having so many languages that makes the world so interesting . 
  even within our own language group , the indo european languages , the sheer amount of diversity and divulgence is incredible . 
  i agree somewhat that it could be easier having just one language , but yeah , its always a pleasure to learn about other countries languages and cultures . 
  oh my days man come reddit seein bare people from fuckin europe swear down talkin no english . 
  allow me blud man ca n't understand everyone all time you get me ? 
  fam come london dem man there give man fresh weed , bun a fat zoot with the squad what you sayin ? 
  ah you must be a frenchman !, 
  do n't feel ashamed of speaking english . 
  trust me i know plenty of people from non-english countries who find their own language fairly uninteresting . 
  i can speak spanish , been learning it since i was 11 . 
  but as it 's not my native language guess i have to stick to english, 
  * grabs awp * rush b, 
  a + for alphabet sexiness, 
  so i typed `` why do french '' i got these as the top 5 autocomplete results : 1 . hate england 2 . bulldogs fart 3 . eat snails 4 . atc strike 5 . insist on speedos, 
  * jaja, 
  hertford , so about 30 mins from you guys :d, 
  it would be for the best haha, 
  * tips fedora * m ` apologies, 
  haha i was n't saying theyre unrepresentative totally but that not everyone is of that mindset ok chill fam x, 
  50 % of an electorate of 11 million or so . 
  our total population is about 68 million ... gg, 
  i live 20 mins over the border from harlow , in hertfordshire . 
  it 's an absolute shite-hole ... 
  svenska is the language , 
  i make you offer . 
  three potato and i throw in karrots too . 
  with literally thousands of lakes to throw a corpse into , you ca n't go wrong with finland !, 
  i 've noticed this with slavic people in general . 
  this is going to end either really well or really badly, 
  i feel sorry for you, 
  to be fair , being the crossroad of the world will do that :d, 
  communism . 
  attractive to everyone who has n't experienced communism ... 
  * ta klemmena plays in the background *, 
  not 2005 one , but dancing lasha tumbai is still me and my mates drunk song, 
  my grandad left poland after ww2 , came back to visit his mum who he thought was dead , in the 1970s , to a poland ravaged by communism ... the poverty and backwardness he told us was staggering . 
  yeah im not a big fan of communism ... 
  ume\u00e5 has a big university, 
  big pothole = best pothole, 
  that and the daily tits on page 3, 
  pretty much how he described it haha, 
  that 's a good mindset to have . 
  according to a former driving instructor who 's wife 's ukrainian ... really bad potholes, 
  yes but when he literally has a cult of personality built around him , and loyal followers willing to act out his orders abroad , then the gibberish becomes a real threat . 
  i do n't think he 's joking . 
  anjem choudhary is a nutjob . 
  hadrian 's wall does n't mark the border of england and scotland . 
  hello !, 
  welcome u/fourbet, 
  poland can into its heritage :d, 
  do n't worry , we 'll send a merry band of privateers over soon enough to commandeer that fine vessel , 
  i hope to god you 're being sarcastic ... 
  i hope you know what a prostate is ? 
  pretty racist people, 
  hey , we 're not all monolingual okay ? 
  i do n't get why so many people do n't understand this . 
  concentration camp guards were pretty much always ss and to be in the ss one had to fully subscribe to nazi doctrine and ideals . 
  so to you apologists , no , these guys were n't `` just following orders '' ... 
  would they though ? 
  theresa may trying to force gps to work more than the legal maximum hours to ease pressure on hospitals . 
  ca n't we just unleash the genophage on isis ? 
  i 've always found this odd . 
  you could be in galicia on the border with portugal and it 's an hour behind right across the border . 
  so glad they 're considering changing it . 
  everyone in the po valley is 3edgy5u, 
  * immigrants, 
  i 've had conversations with taxi drivers from various countries who have lived here for 30-40 years and yet their english is so broken i have to really try to understand everything . 
  o_0 theres so many places !, 
  it all sounds cool really, 
  anywhere you would recommend ? 
  what 's kutaisi like ? 
  i 'm sorry , but i have to disagree with you . 
  cultural homogenisation is not the way to go . 
  so you 're ok with eliminating all cultural traditions of your people , eliminate the czech language fully so that it is a mere footnote in history and basically make it so that your people never existed ? 
  seems a little silly to me ... 
  but we 're leaving the eu ? 
  also , i think that 's more of a collective set of ideals . 
  would you be happy to eradicate every aspect of your culture ? 
  someone 's played a little too much eu4 , 
  ok ... that 's just ... wow ... 
  well then , what culture ? 
  what language ? 
  just essentially eradicate scores of cultural traditions and distinct languages and dialects ? 
  that sounds awfully like something the nazis or the soviets would do ... 
  it 's an echo chamber here , i voted remain but there 's a lot of federalists here who do n't appreciate how many countries had to struggle to exist today . 
  ummm no , they did n't . 
  you guys call yourselves sakartvelo , now i 'm assuming that has nothing to do with the name george . 
  georgia was one of the 13 colonies founded by the english ( not british at the time ) . 
  named after a king . 
  i doubt most 17th century englishmen had even heard of your country , let alone thought to `` plagiarise '' your name . 
  can i ask why ? 
  you do n't have to be european to know geography ... 
  big fire in an apartment complex . 
  expected to be over 50 + dead . 
  firefighters are still searching for remains . 
  the worst thing is this could have been avoided but our shit government decided to clad the building in cheaper material despite it being highly flammable . 
  nah he 's shadow specced , what a fucking noob, 
  i know mate , just a formatting tip haha ,
