/ r/europe is a gateway to news for many people , meaning they have to trust the word of moderators on it . 
  i do n't want someone telling me what 's true and what 's not , i want to figure it out myself . 
  censoring is never a good thing . 
  try posting some of the russian newspapers . 
  i understand that they have bias , but other side has it too . 
  even if something is biased , it should be allowed in discussion . 
  this way , it 's just a giant echo chamber . 
  hahahaha , did n't know bulgarians say promaja too . 
  except it has censorship . 
  surely they wo n't get those ideas in montenegro . 
  one quarter of population got their language as second official . 
  good job albanians , one step closer to greater albania . 
  comparing newspapers with either informer of the sun would be like dividing by 0 . 
  both are crap , only different audience which amplify the effect for the other side . 
  you do n't have trash tabloids in your country ? 
  or the uk system . 
  got back from kefalonia recently , only bill i got was at the shell gas station . 
  until that changes greece ai n't going nowhere . 
  this was n't a move by trump . 
  it is about passing executive action ( sanctions ) as a law , where trump ca n't mess with it . 
  this map would be almost identical to a map of gdp . 
  says the man who 's presidents daughter replaced him at g20 meeting . 
  if any country is collapsing , it 's the us . 
  nah , it 's just how you feel . 
  tells lots about you . 
  not sure really , i do n't think you have any enemies . 
  you 're just getting ripped off by those crappy patriot missiles . 
  even if you consider russia as potential enemy , i do n't think that stops you from buying s400 . 
  certainly did n't stop turkey in doing so . 
  i was n't aware russians fired s400 during that strike ? 
  same role as in bullet and a gun . 
  s400 and sm-6 are completely different things . 
  sm-6 is a missile , while s400 is a missile defense system . 
  s400 can host a variety of different types of missiles . 
  not sure why they have n't bought far superior s400 . 
  nice to know , thanks !, 
  first map i 've seen where portugal is n't within it 's modern borders . 
  though on this map there 's no portugal even . 
  did n't stop eu to support kosovo . 
  not all , but most . 
  also , opposition has many pro-eu parties . 
  sasa jankovic won 16 % in presidential election and he 's clearly pro-eu . 
  i would say definitely more than half of population wants to join eu . 
  it 's ridiculous without having < 100km , or at least excluding them . 
  there is no high speed railroad in serbia , not sure about our neighbours . 
  so you come to reddit just to offend people ? 
  huh . 
  political program of ruling parties for last 15 years is about joining the eu . 
  how you came with a number that less than half supports it ? 
  you 're a master of spewing stupid shit are n't you ? 
  there certainly is , and it 's not like ` the west ' always works to reduce it . 
  mislim da ova mapa gena to osporava . 
  http://www.eupedia.com/europe/haplogroup_i2_y-dna.shtml there 's a map with strangely isolated region matching the position of sorbs in germany . 
  it 's interesting how serbs/sorbs in german area are considered not from same origin as serbs , but genetic map shows something interesting for that particular region . 
  that 's a bit of a stretch . 
  then what are you doing ? 
  comparing apples to oranges ? 
  your view is narrowed if you compare ruthless conquer of africa with that . 
  i guess europe is receiving a bill for centuries of exploiting africa . 
  it wo n't stop anytime soon , it can only get worse . 
  the things i 'll read here . 
  it 's amazing . 
  does n't stop cnn . 
  they are proven forgers of videos and reports . 
  i suppose so . 
  quickly , look under your bed !, 
  when eu as a whole recognize kosovo , maybe serbia will to ? 
  that ai n't true . 
  serbia was communist , we 're not that big on religion . 
  albanians got quite a bit of men sent to syria . 
  exactly , they created their little bubble of hate . 
  they 're the new fascists . 
  history repeats itself . 
  fascist stay fascist . 
  absolutely no one . 
  cmon man . 
  25 vs 35 years old ? 
  that 's irrelevant . 
  most rebels supported by western countries are n't legitimate , and certainly are puppets . 
  so if westerners are doing it , it must be good , no ? 
  so why is then this a bad thing ? 
  those were rebellions within a federation , not within the single country . 
  you suggested that rebels need to be functional state to be supported , that 's untrue . 
  being functional state is not relevant . 
  give me one example where rebels were supported and were a functional state ? 
  rebels are the one defending , if there are humanitarian issues then ukraine should stop attacking . 
  why is supporting rebels in ukraine a bad thing ? 
  the war where cia yet again provided logistics to terrorists just so it can fuck up with russia ( soviet union ) ? 
  remember to say that when russia is the topic . 
  thanks !, 
  could you provide me a source on that please ? 
  because i heard what v. nuland had to say , she did n't mention any of the things you did . 
  this suggest bots were were deployed to wage a propaganda war in ukraine . 
  my comment would be that they 're amateurs , only trying to come to speed of their western counterparts . 
  twitter bots and russia today vs [ 5 billion $ $ $ ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ear1_an9cnq ) yeah , not even close . 
  james comey testified that fbi did n't have direct access to dnc servers , but relied on private third party assessment . 
  i do n't need anything beyond that . 
  high confidence in what ? 
  fbi admitted they did n't have access to dnc servers , but received a hacking report from a private third party entity . 
  give me a break .
