  gay marriage or cannabis laws do n't * really * matter though . 
  they 're hot-button `` causes '' but in the end , there are n't all that many gay people or weed smokers . 
  the gay marriage thing especially is nothing but symbol politics since you already have civil unions . 
  it 'd just be a name change . 
  it 's not like the usa where people got arrested for gay * sex * right into the 2000s . 
  there 's no actual oppression happening . 
  this is probably also why there does n't seem to be a lot of momentum behind it , there are bigger fish to fry . 
  as for ` what 's a netherlands ' , i 'd wish they 'd just properly legalize marijuana . 
  they have n't , there 's a `` tolerance policy '' , and while selling it is decriminalized , growing it is not , so all the growing is done by criminal organizations basically out of necessity , and then the police has to go chase them and arrest them . 
  all the while you can just pop into a shop and buy some weed . 
  it 's absurd , it 's causing a lot of trouble , it 's empowering gangs . 
  just legalize it . 
  failing that , stamp it out ( i 'd prefer legalizing it , but this in-between situation is the worst of both worlds ) . 
  the problem is , the only political party in favour of this with even a shot at seats are basically the greens , and i 'm not going to vote for the greens , they 'd fuck our country up way worse than the organized crime ever could . 
  would they even be safe in germany ? 
  i ca n't imagine the other turks there welcoming them with open arms given the situation . 
  if france left it 'd not be the eu anymore . 
  it 'd just be greater germany + vassals . 
  the uk is already gone as well , there 'd be nobody left with any power , except germany . 
  they do n't have to like trump as a person . 
  they do n't have to like his policies either . 
  however , with the uk leaving the eu , they have antagonized a big economic power , and they 're going to need some other alliance . 
  the days of the british empire are long gone , they 're not really a great power on their own . 
  trump 's administration seems receptive to a trade deal with the uk , and frankly , the uk needs that , and they know it . 
  and what other options do they have ? 
  the eu has been rejected for demanding too much political influence , the commonwealth is for the most part dirt poor and not a replacement , and china and russia do n't seem very open to the idea . 
  ( and imagine if they * did * - would you want a chinese - or russian-aligned state in the north sea ? 
  the usa is by far the lesser evil here . ), 
   must be considered for debate in parliament . 
  `` now that we 've already pissed off the eu , this petition asks us to piss off our one remaining ally . 
  all in favour say ` aye ' ? '', 
  \\* * crickets * \\* `` ok , that 's settled then . 
  trump 's visit will go ahead . '', 
   nationalism is identity politics so if people were fed up with that they would not be turning to nationalist parties . 
  the thing is , if one group starts doing this then everybody else is forced to start doing it too . 
  you ca n't be an individualist in the face of collectivism . 
  even a small group of collectivists can take on a large `` group '' of individualists precisely because the individualists are n't really a group . 
  at that point , if the individualists want to survive , they 'll need a collectivism of their own , at least temporarily until the other collectivists have been defeated . 
  ( by the way , i do n't know why nobody ever makes this point , but if you want to see some * real * ethno-nationalism , take a look at some of the immigrant communities and the way they act . 
  they seem to get a pass though . ), 
  replacing nationalism by racism neatly gets rid of the nationalism . 
  an arab is an arab , whether he lives in paris or berlin . 
  the same goes for all other kinds of immigrants , and if the situation progresses a bit more then the white people will get on board too . 
  furthermore , the ethnic tensions in european countries will weaken them , necessitating a stronger eu . 
  [ peter sutherland disagrees , though . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-18519395 ), 
  so the migrants are pushing the birth rate up a bit ( but still nowhere near replacement ) . 
  the migrant children are n't going to pay for old whitey 's pensions either . 
  in their cultures , the family takes care of the elders . 
  [ already 1/5th of babies in germany are born to foreign parents ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/record-rise-in-babies-with-foreign-mothers-in-germany/a-35952212 ) , and that 's foreign - * born * , so that 's not even counting the immigrants who 've been in germany for more than one generation . 
  give it 50-60 more years - just enough time for your average redditor to be old and needy , but still alive - and they 'll be in the majority , at which point they 'll go : `` hey , why are we paying for all these pensions for those old white guys ? 
  we owe them nothing , and it 's not our fault they did n't plan ahead and had many children to take care of them . '', 
  and then they will vote in a government that ends all the pensions . 
  nix eu-us data flows ? 
  facebook is american , google is american , apple is american , pretty much every cloud service even for corporate back-ends is american . 
  the usa have us by the balls when it comes to anything internet-related . 
  what is the eu supposed to do about it ? 
  threaten to start issuing blocks ? 
  facebook , google and apple know very well that there 'd be riots in the streets . 
  nobody cares about privacy , but people will damn well care when their expensive iphones stop working over what 'll be perceived as a political spat . 
  so does the eu , and so do our national governments . 
  there 's very little choice for us but to let them operate here under whatever rules they feel like cooperating with . 
  ironically , the country that did this mostly right is china . 
  they blocked foreign social services from the outset , preventing them from becoming reliant on them while allowing domestic alternatives space to grow to fill that need . 
  their internet infrastructure is , for better or worse , under their own control . 
  none of their data is stored on us servers . 
  edit : the thing we should be doing , as a long-term goal because it will be a long slog , is to wean our countries off of foreign-controlled internet infrastructure . 
  the best alternative to social media would be a distributed system , something like diaspora , where it is n't controlled by just one company , and people or companies can run their own instances that can all talk to each other , and the data only goes where it needs to . 
  non-technical users would still rely on companies , but you could switch `` facebook providers '' the way you can switch mobile phone providers . 
  but that has n't made immigration harder then , it has just lengthened the process . 
  it does n't really matter whether they come in in 2018 or 2020 . 
  are they just hoping that the political pressure will be off a bit by 2020 ? 
  it 's also funny that this would only hurt actual refugees . 
  their families might be killed in the war in the meantime . 
  the migrants coming from safe places do n't have to worry about that , their families are presumably safe as well . 
   how much research funding comes from the eu these days if you 're a net contributor , leaving the eu would mean you can replace all eu funding in your country with national funding 1-to-1 and still end up ahead . 
  if a university wants to collaborate , it can pay its fair share from that . 
  all of this really depends on whether the uk government is going to actually keep the funding for science ( may said she would , but then again , politicians say a lot of things , and all the universities are pro-eu and therefore political opponents she might not want to be funding ) , and whether the eu is n't going to block them from participating out of vengeance ( which would hurt the eu more than it does the uk , the uk has clearly superior universities to anything found on the continent , and if the eu blocks them , trump will no doubt welcome them with open arms ) . 
   germany has done this as well . 
  there is a 2-year ban in place on bringing family for the largest category of refugees . 
  so they just have to wait two years ? 
  trump supporters will not be able to effect mlp 's election either . 
  if she is elected , it 's the french who have done so . 
  even trump 's own election ca n't be ascribed to these internet movements . 
  they are at most a few hundred thousand people in total worldwide , it 's not that many . 
  trump won because he got small-town america fired up against the establishment , while running against hillary , the personification of the flaws of the establishment . 
  ( that 's another thing that ca n't happen in france , the two-round election system prevents a `` trump vs hillary '' situation , and they also do n't have an electoral college . ), 
  ( the situation with the big cities in the usa is a bit weird , by the way , due to the electoral college . 
  the big cities have a huge cultural voice , the small towns might as well not exist according to what 's on people 's minds , but the small towns have a louder * political * voice due to the electoral college . 
  this makes it easy for issues outside the big cities to go unnoticed and neglected , and it also makes it easy for the pissed-off people in the small towns to vote a trump in if one appears . ), 
  despite all the * other * problems you could think of with that idea , do you think that that will work ? 
  are any muslims going to accept such a body as legitimate ? 
  is any turk going to side with it over ditib when they disagree ? 
   oh and just a little bit ago he went against one of the basic common western ideas which we owe a big part of our relative prosperity to . 
  like , he did n't just say it , he acted on it . 
  i distinctly remember everyone being against tpp . 
  there were protests and everything . 
  of course , that was back when bernie sanders was against it . 
  now that trump has actually ripped it up , everyone is suddenly in favour of it and thinks cancelling it is the worst decision ever . 
  they always do slightly better than us in every ranking .
