  so it makes a lot of campaigning sense , even though it does not make scientific sense . 
  who knows if he actually means it ? 
  he 's going to give the fossil fuel people their dues anyway , he basically has to . 
  trump 's kids are going to be fine anyway , the guy is a billionaire , even if civilization collapses they could all hole up somewhere in a fortress with a lot of weapons , ride it out , and become feudal masters of the wastes . 
  they do n't have to give a shit about anything either , they 'll no doubt have long term plans but only for themselves . 
  the real underlying problem here is politicization of scientific issues . 
  but try to fix * that * when there 's so much money involved . 
  note how this also depends on access to healthcare . 
  if you get shot and you die , that 's murder . 
  if you get shot and you get treatment in time , that 's only attempted murder . 
  well , yes , but before they were getting it from the travelers , now they 'll need to get it from everybody , which is good for the travelers and bad for everybody else . 
  it * does * actually cost them more money to allow you to roam . 
  they need to have contracts with foreign telcos and they need to pay them for the data you use on their network . 
  they 're not just doing it to screw you over . 
  before , that was paid for by the roaming charges , and that 's no longer allowed . 
  they could sell poor people cheap plans with no roaming or with punitive roaming charges , and in that market they would compete with other people doing the same . 
  they could then also sell more expensive plans to rich business travelers and the like who actually need the roaming . 
  they were basically selling two different products to two different markets . 
  now the eu has decreed that all of this must be merged , and that roaming must be at no extra cost . 
  that means the costs of it will be shared by everybody and not just by the travelers . 
  i.e. , people who ca n't afford to travel much must now subsidize those who can . 
  what everyone seems to be forgetting is that the phone companies are n't going to give up profit . 
  if they ca n't charge for roaming anymore , they are going to make up for the losses by raising prices across the board . 
  this is going to lower the phone bills of people who are constantly traveling ( i.e. 
  rich people ) at the cost of upping the phone bills of everybody else . 
  so , thanks to the enlightened eu , the guy behind the counter at mcdonalds will now get to subsidize his boss 's boss 's boss 's trips abroad . 
   illegal migrants , unlike refugees , get sent back to their country . 
  only in theory . 
  not in practice . 
  there 's basically no way not to get citizenship if you ask for it . 
  the possibilities are : 1 . apply for asylum \u2192 permanent stay granted \u2192 citizenship 2 . apply for asylum \u2192 temporary stay granted \u2192 sad little brown kids in the media \u2192 stay extended indefinitely \u2192 citizenship 3 . apply for asylum \u2192 application denied \u2192 tolerated stay while you appeal \u2192 1 . appeal granted \u2192 citizenship 2 . appeal denied \u2192 re-appeal until granted 3 . you get a general pardon in the meantime \u2192 citizenship, 
  if it 's either that or corbyn you 're not left with much choice . 
  in the usa , sure , but in europe that does n't look to be the case , if the data are correct . 
  however , this is not a claim you can make , as the people who took the test are n't going to be a random sample of the population . 
  it 's basically an online survey . 
  [ on top of that , the test itself is not without criticism either . 
  ] ( http://scholarship.law.upenn.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=2533&amp;context=faculty_scholarship ), 
   things like putting a sign over a bridge or w/e saying `` paid by the eu '' helps immensely . 
  you sure ? 
  especially in net contributing countries that 's rather an insult . 
  `` here 's some of your own money back , but we do want credit for it . '', 
   iceland have a lot of it 's people living in greenland as farmers and shepherds it took a thousand years , but greenland is finally getting the immigration that erik the red was going for when he named it `` greenland '' . 
   i have no idea why you think absolute size should trump relative size on this issue . 
  because the climate is global . 
  it does n't really matter whether it 's us or the chinese pushing co2 into the atmosphere . 
  therefore , an action that effects the emissions of dutch people is a lot less effective than one that effects the emissions of chinese people , just because more people means more impact . 
  the other thing is , forcing people to do things makes them dislike you and makes them want to frustrate your goals . 
  give people a cheaper , cleaner car and they will cheer you and re-elect you . 
   but i disagree with your example , i think people have to stop taking the car for granted . 
  what 's the problem with cars , except for the pollution ? 
  fix the pollution and we fix the problem . 
  people do n't take it for granted now either , the things are expensive and the gasoline is even worse . 
  it 's just that they are necessary . 
  there are no jobs anymore in the provinces . 
  trains are expensive , inconvenient , slow and unreliable - and that 's if you 're even near a station , which you 're probably not if you 're out in the country . 
  buses are nearly nonexistent nowadays . 
  you ca n't move to the city either , that 's too expensive . 
  for the price of a family house in a village , you can get a broom closet in the randstad , and that 's if you 're lucky . 
  rents are similarly sky-high and there 's still a shortage despite that . 
  that leaves you with one option : commuting by car . 
  ( and that 's not even considering family issues . 
  what if you have old parents living near you ? 
  you ca n't leave them . 
  what if you have children ? 
  you ca n't have children in the randstad , no room and the streets are n't safe . 
  etc. ), 
  but fix the cars and you 've fixed the pollution . 
  really ? 
  huh . 
  it seems like there are a lot more . 
  but i live in a city so i no doubt have a lopsided view on it . 
   climate measures have relatively similar impact regardless of where they 're implemented . 
  but they have a bigger impact when applied to more people . 
  we only have few people . 
  taxing the cars out from beneath the butts of the working class of 0.24 % of the world 's population ( 17 million \u00f7 7 billion ) will lessen the world 's co2 emissions by a negligible amount , as well as costing whoever did it the next election . 
  advancing battery technology and rendering gasoline cars obsolete will lessen the world 's co2 emissions by a very large amount , especially since the same battery technology can also be used to stabilize the varying output of wind and solar generators ( this is a big problem with renewable energy ) . 
  on top of that we can sell the batteries and make money off of it . 
  the same would go for other innovations we could come up with . 
  this was d66 's plan , to put money into research . 
  therefore , for a small country as ours , the latter seems a better proposition , and on top of that something vvd and cda are more likely to agree with . 
   the netherlands , per head , is a substantial polluter . 
  that 's true . 
  twice as much as the average - on par with china in fact , per capita . 
  however , our population is 0.24 % of the world ; our emissions 0.46 % . 
  rounded to whole percentages , they 're both 0 % . 
  this is not where the problem lies . 
   d66 and cu have very similar migration policies . 
  but more room to maneuver . 
  and not just on migration , but also on other issues . 
  ( says the sgp ) at least they 're not violent . 
  really ? 
  that 'd mean there are only about as many protestants as there as muslims by now . 
  are these only the practicing ones or also the nominal ones ? 
  they might compromise at least a bit more , or compromise more on other things . 
  gl took some really extreme stances . 
  not just on migration either but also on climate measures ( even though the netherlands is basically too small to affect the climate ( ~ 1/200th of world emissions currently ) , so any climate measures affecting dutch civilians ' lives only are entirely symbolic ) . 
  gl probably does n't even want to really govern . 
  they won the votes of a lot of young activists . 
  they 're not going to like compromise , especially on things like immigration or the climate . 
  it 's probably a better tactical move for them to be in the opposition this round , yell loudly , and get their new voters to stick by them , and i think klaver probably thinks so too ( especially since what happened to pvda ) .
