   you 'd think this is n't something europeans believe in . 
  was n't the whole thing written by the americans after the war , with no german input at all ? 
  regardless of what you think about the ideas expressed in it , it ca n't be said to have sprung from the german mind , or even european mind for that matter . 
  yup , and facebook pictures with a lot of little black kids . 
  holy shit , that looks like something from south america . 
  nah , you 're pushing climate change theories in western countries to get us to shut our economies down , and then you 'll be the only one left standing . 
  at least that 's the conspiracy theory iirc . 
  trump is not going to do that . 
  the controversy would n't even really matter all that much , he 's 70 , if he does two terms he 'll be 78 and i doubt he 'll be doing that much running at that point . 
  if he wants to keep power without doing anything * that * controversial , he could do it the far easier and well-proven way of setting his family up as a dynasty , the usa has a bunch of those . 
   he is a nutcase . 
  well , that depends . 
  it 's not like these `` artworks '' cost him any resources or effort , and if he 's an `` artist '' no doubt he 's swimming in the subsidies . 
  the popular vote does n't really say anything , due to the electoral college . 
  if you win a state , you get all their electors . 
  even if you win it by 48 % of the vote . 
  that also means that if you 're a republican in california , or a democrat in texas , you may as well stay home because your vote has literally no influence . 
  that 's also why the voter turnout for us presidential elections is barely ever over 60 % . 
  i think they should at least start assigning the electors proportionally , that would already solve a lot of these problems . 
   move to amsterdam because he fears for their safety hah . 
  that 's the most criminal city in the netherlands . 
  people get shot in the street there . 
  regularly !, 
  unless he was living in detroit first , this is probably a step back safety-wise . 
  but all joking aside , if he 's moving to amsterdam he 's not fearing for `` civilization ending '' . 
  if he did that , he 'd be moving to russia or china , which have big armies and huge stockpiles of everything , and can probably mostly sustain themselves in the event of any serious problems with western civilization . 
  china has a huge industrial base and sources little from the west , russia is swimming in oil . 
  the netherlands would be done for in a week if the us keeled over . 
  or even had a serious recession . 
  or sneezed . 
  if it 's possible to fall upwards , i do n't see why not . 
  i 'm just waiting for the shitstorm that 'll occur when trump wins the popular vote but clinton the electoral vote , which is actually a ( very remote , but still ) possibility as it stands now . 
  i wonder if he 'll accept the outcome . 
  perhaps they are using irish potatoes . 
  maybe they should go on a nationalization spree again , like in the 1950-70s . 
  british steel , british petroleum , british crisps . 
  if someone is born to turkish parents , is raised in a turkish-speaking household in a turkish environment , attends a turkish school with turkish teachers , turkish books and turkish classmates , watches turkish tv , reads turkish newspapers , roots for turkish sports teams , marries another turk , and settles down in a turkish environment to raise turkish children in a turkish household , then surely this is a turk ? 
  if anything , this 'll make the judges less sympathetic to his cause . 
  this is stupid in so many ways . 
  not in the least that nobody who is * actually * funding terrorism would be so stupid to write that on the fucking bank transfer . 
  i count two . 
  hilde van acker ( belgian ) is wanted for the murder of british tourist marcus john mitchell in may 1996 . 
  marc de block ( belgian ) is wanted for drug related offences . 
   trying to influence the politics of russia well , they * were * , were n't they ? 
  is n't it amnesty international 's whole purpose to meddle in countries ' politics ? 
   cause they might want to use something that is n't off by a decade that 's not due to the tests . 
  that 's due to the tests not being done and the migrants being taken at their word instead . 
  ( to do anything else would be racist , of course . ), 
  london 's financial institutions dwarf everything else . 
  probably even in the rest of the country . 
  the uk is a bit like an oil state , in that it has one hugely profitable sector that barely employs anybody but keeps the currency far too strong for anything else to be viable . 
  maybe the brexit-caused damage will turn out to be a blessing in disguise , because now they 'll need to actually make stuff to survive , which is going to mean diversification of the economy and probably actual jobs that employ people . 
  either the eu is hostage to the member states , or we are theirs . 
  i 'd rather have the first than be ruled by people who are n't from here , do n't have to live here , and do n't know what it 's like here . 
  politicians are way too far removed from the common man already , the last thing we need is an even more powerful , even more distant layer . 
  you can measure land using triangulation . 
  the math is pretty simple . 
  people have been doing this since ancient sumer to keep track of who owns what , so it has to be done anyway . 
  once you have the measurements , you can just use those to draw a map . 
  though looking at northern europe , this guy seems to just have made things up whenever he did n't have measurements . 
   30 years ago maybe not even then . 
  it 's always been like this . 
  it 's just a lot more obvious now because of the internet . 
  30 years ago , if the bbc misreported something , there 'd be no way for you to know unless you had first hand knowledge of it . 
  nowadays , when something happens the whole internet will report on it in a thousand different ways , so you can at least compare them . 
  there are also millions of americans living abroad , certainly enough to swing a close election . 
  it 's actually quite smart to target that group . 
  i wonder why i have n't seen it before . 
  if you 're smart about it , you can play the two sides off of each other . 
  if you 're not so smart , you 'll be ripped in half like the ukraine . 
  i guess you could also call fighting in a civil war `` civic participation '' . 
  well , if you 're british , the uk 's future is your future ( especially now that moving around is going to be a lot harder ) , so you have a personal reason to want to see it succeed . 
  if it becomes a hellhole , you are trapped in the hellhole . 
  if you 're a foreigner , you do n't have to care . 
  you can just move back home . 
  that alone makes them a lot less invested in the future of the country . 
  meanwhile , the eu [ has been saying ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/20/world/europe/britain-referendum-brexit-european-union.html?_r=0 ) [ it wants to punish ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/20/british-deserters-will-face-the-consequences-warns-eus-juncker/ ) [ the uk for leaving . 
  ] ( http://www.thenorthernecho.co.uk/news/14275592.foreign_secretary_warns_that_eu_will_punish_britain_for_leaving/ ) which is obvious : if you just let countries leave and then succeed , everyone will leave and then there will be no eu anymore . 
  so what is a foreign , pro-eu academic going to do ? 
  he is not invested in britain , but he * is * invested in the eu . 
  it is in his personal interest to make brexit go as badly as possible . 
  it does mean that they are all very pro-eu . 
  they also have no reason to care about britain , because they are not british . 
  their loyalty is going to be with the eu . 
  of course these people should n't be allowed anywhere near the brexit deals . 
  the fact that they 're knowledgeable does n't really matter if you know from the outset that they are n't on your side . 
  they 're more likely to sabotage brexit than to help with it , and they 're more than capable of doing so . 
  you 're better off low on talent than with active saboteurs . 
   how would you feel if people threw stuff into a church ? 
  you would n't be arrested for throwing stuff at a church . 
   and offer to the people , if they want , we 'll be willing to come in and take over their government , and actually set things right . 
  if they do n't want us to take over their country , that 's fine , that 's their decision , but they ca n't come here either . 
  we 'd be completely incapable of fixing their countries . 
  it would mean imposing laws on them and then enforcing them . 
  it would mean violently hammering down all the little tribal wars . 
  it would mean stamping out corruption in places where people 's primary loyalty is to their clans , which would mean stamping out the clans themselves , and with it most of their way of life . 
  we do n't have the stomach for that anymore , and even if we did , our own media and activists would never let us get away with it . 
  it 'd be an enormous clusterfuck . 
   africa 's population will explode to almost 4 billion by 2100 . 
  where will they find the food to feed them all ?
