  if we wanted to , we could simply back out of that refugee convention . 
  the un can send all the strongly worded letters that it wants . 
  ( and note that basically nobody outside of europe has even signed the thing . ), 
   what year is this ? 
  it 's the current year !, 
  literacy in the ottoman empire at the end was [ below 15 % ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ottoman_empire#language ) . 
  atat & uuml ; rk did n't really have to persuade anyone to switch . 
  he just switched the official script , and when it eventually became common for children to go to school a while later , that is what they learned . 
  for rich people , immigration is good . 
  due to the added competition , it lowers the wages and raises the rents , and the rich people live in their own neighbourhoods anyway so they do n't notice the downsides of it . 
  big business really likes immigration . 
  it 's really not just the left . 
  most of them are n't from syria to begin with . 
  this argument gets made a lot , but i think it 's wrong . 
  it 's like saying we should n't have police because there will always be crime anyway . 
  no , we ca n't seal the borders hermetically so that nobody at all gets through , but we can at least institute some proper border control , which will stop the majority of them and discourage the rest . 
  and if you want to take in refugees , take them in from the camps around syria . 
  that way you at least know you are taking in actual refugees rather than opportunist criminals , and you can control the rate of inflow . 
  and the refugees wo n't need to cross in leaky rafts anymore . 
  that 's better for everyone involved . 
  in a world where [ teenagers get charged with production and possession of child pornography for taking pictures of * themselves * ] ( http://www.cnet.com/news/teen-arrested-for-having-nude-photos-of-himself-on-his-phone/ ) , this man 's actions might not be very smart . 
  before the internet and the pedophilia scare , it was n't like this , but it certainly is now . 
  50 years ago this might have been true . 
  now , not any longer . 
  i would be surprised if this guy did * not * get in trouble . 
  and given the current views on this , it makes me wonder whatever motivated this man to act in this manner . 
  he must 've known it would cause an outcry and i would n't be surprised if he ends up losing his kid . 
  she does n't speak proper dutch . 
  either that , or it 's swaying back and forth according to who is in power at the moment . 
  we already tried bribing them . 
  they took the money and then they stuck their tongues out at us . 
   members of the extremist group , `` soldiers of odin '' , should n't they at least pick a finnish god ? 
  was n't he also planning to wipe out basically the whole of eastern europe and then resettling the land with germans ? 
  and then , we 'll finally have our papua new guinea . 
  we have plenty of rape and murder in the netherlands as well , do n't worry . 
  no decapitations yet , though . 
  also , this is a lot less funny when something like this ruins your business . 
  even if the insurance pays out , you 'll lose customers over not being able to deliver . 
  and cheese production takes a * long * time , so you ca n't just whip up some new cheese either . 
   minorities and middle-class londoners is n't that basically the same by now ? 
  in the netherlands prisoners do have to pay for their stay in prison . 
  it 's not really a weird concept . 
  i think it 's a mistake to lump social left/right policies in with economic left/right policies for exactly this reason . 
  `` far-right '' groups tend to be economically center-left , for example . 
  could n't a big company easily bargain the price down by a lot , in a way that an individual could n't ? 
  then that 's a * very * different situation to the current one . 
  this is not a valid comparison . 
  could the refugees vote ? 
  the posters seem to imply that they could . 
  international humanitarian law * does n't * exist . 
  it 's just words on paper , nothing meaningful . 
  outside of europe , i 'm sure nobody has ever even heard of it . 
  we seem to be the kind of chumps who insist on playing ` fair ' in a world where everyone else is more than willing to do whatever it takes . 
  it 's eat or be eaten , and we wrote ourselves a restrictive rulebook nobody else cares about . 
  remember : there 's nothing wrong with genocide as long as your target deserves it !, 
  / s of course ... 
  it certainly seems a bit off that a doctoral program at an estonian university would end up wholly iranian except for one person . 
  so we should immediately rescind all the smoking bans , because [ the nazis came up with that one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-tobacco_movement_in_nazi_germany ) . 
   the laws of a democratic country are decided democratically , not by a single person then perhaps someone should inform oettinger of this , and tell him to leave poland 's democratically elected government alone . 
  prague spring ii : warsaw boogaloo . 
   even public media boards should be independent from the government and government interests . 
  that never happens anyway . 
  whoever pays , decides . 
  what are you going to do , coups ? 
  those people were elected in free elections , and are not even misbehaving all that much . 
  kicking them out of nato will * certainly * just drive them into russian hands . 
  yes , but that 's a different situation . 
  imagine you write something in favour of the refugees . 
  you use amazon 's self-publishing thing and sell it . 
  then they go `` no , this goes against our politics . '', 
  or they say `` ok , but we 'll donate all the proceeds on our side to pegida . '', 
  would n't you protest it ? 
  of course , amazon can do this . 
  their platform , their rules . 
  you can go find some other publisher . 
  but i just think it 's sad it 's come to this . 
  and the side effect is this : whoever * will * sell it , will profile themselves as the political opposition . 
  you end up in a situation where your only audience is people who already agree with you . 
  this will be the same for both the pro- and the anti-migration groups , and people will not be exposed to the other 's viewpoints . 
  you get echo chambers on both sides rather than meaningful discussion and compromise . 
  what would you think of it if it were * you * on the receiving end of political action like this ? 
  and do n't go `` i 'll never be that evil , i have nothing to fear '' : pegida also thinks they 're doing good . 
  what if , say , the anti-migration people take power , and try to muscle * you * out of the public space ? 
  technically amazon have done nothing wrong , but everything is becoming politicized . 
  are we going to have separate right-wing and left-wing online retailers now ? 
  is this the direction society should be heading in ? 
  how are we ever going to come to some sort of agreement if everyone just locks themselves up with only like-minded people ? 
  there wo n't be a public space left . 
  is n't that because you could easily land on someone and kill them ? 
  yo dawg , i heard you like socialism , so we levy taxes over the taxes , so you can pay taxes while you pay taxes . 
  so you 're saying the best place in italy would still be the worst place in switzerland ? 
  well , if they end up in a prison in eastern europe ... 
  and they will be abolished after the first time someone gets shot , because we do n't have the stomach for anything anymore . 
  who gives a shit ? 
  so we get lambasted . 
  we get lambasted all the time anyway , no matter what we do . 
  perhaps if we start swinging our fists , they might take us seriously again . 
  and i presume president hollande was playing the fiddle ? 
   freedom of speech is meaningless if it only protects speech the public finds agreeable . 
  i agree , but apparently most people do n't .
