  he tweeted under his own name . 
  ( so apparently , if you want to get someone in trouble , open a twitter account in their name and be slightly conservative on it . ), 
  we have hate speech laws here , if he ran here he 'd probably be disqualified the next day at the very least . 
  ( i doubt he 'd care much about the fines . ), 
  here 's a translation in english . 
  reporter : the world is upside down . 
  you should go to the people who use violence . 
  mayor : no , i 'm not inverting anything . 
  i am not inverting anything , because i am responsible for the ... for the essence of the story ... you know what ... reporter : you 're giving up ? 
  reporter : it 's all his fault . 
  perhaps it would 've been better if he had n't tweeted . 
  now i know how things go here in sliedrecht . 
  mayor : no , but ... reporter : it 's his fault . 
  mayor : no , it 's not his fault . 
  well , rutger ... [ sigh ] let 's start over . 
  ----- reporter : mark , we 're here outside the town hall in sliedrecht , because you 've experienced something bad . 
  mark : yes , i have experienced something bad . 
  the police paid a visit to me , to ask me to tone down my twitter behaviour . 
  reporter : the police ? 
  mark : yes , the police . 
  because it has a tone that could be taken out of context , and might motivate people to use violence . 
  reporter : and those tweets , because i have them here , i thought , well , it has to be one of those pvv crazies [ geert wilders supporters ] who writes very terrible texts , but it 's really not that bad , because you are talking about `` give \\ #sliedrecht a binding referendum with the question , do you want to house 250 refugees in sliedrecht , yes or no ? 
  \\ #democracy . '', 
  well , you have two more tweets like this . 
  we have stalked the mayor , by phone , and his pr team as well , and from that we understand that we can finally talk to him now about this , so we can go interview him inside . 
  mark : ok , let 's go . 
  ----- reporter : hello . 
  good day . 
  reporter : well , the big question is & mdash ; mark , join us for a minute & mdash ; umm ... 
  it 's about this guy here , you know that by now , and he sent a tweet , several tweets , for which you thought it necessary to send the police to his address , to his job . 
  why did you think that was necessary ? 
  mayor : well , it 's the perception . 
  you know what 's too bad , if a tweet gets retweeted 100.000 times , and concerning that , you have had a lot of media attention , that does n't mean that 's the whole story . 
  i mean , i do n't know what the police told him exactly , i was n't at this meeting ... reporter : wait a minute , let 's go back . 
  that 's not what i 'm asking . 
  i 'm asking , why did you find it necessary to send the police to his address ? 
  mayor : well , you know , the point is , if you ... uh ... see things on social media , and it was n't about these tweets , you know , the tweets that this man sent ... uh ... mark , right , i can call you mark ? 
  look , mark did n't send any unusual tweets , and that was n't the reason the police paid him a visit . 
  reporter : but then what is the reason that * you * sent the police to him ? 
  it 's a very simple question , really . 
  mayor : well , the perception that we had , is that there was going to be a watchacallit ... a demonstration , and that 's allowed , please go ahead ... reporter : because of mark 's tweets ? 
  mayor : no , not because of his tweets . 
  reporter : but then why did you send the police to mark ? 
  what was your reason ? 
  mayor : for the record , the police does n't go ... not on the instructions of the police ... uh ... the police goes on their own initiative ... reporter : so they pay visits to people who tweet , all on their own ? 
  mayor : you know , mark ... uh ... 
  i can go and explain all of this to you fully , but ... reporter : please do . 
  mayor : ok , let 's start with the basics . 
  mark 's tweets are nothing out of the ordinary . 
  and the \\ #kominverzet [ \\ #resist , hashtag started by geert wilders ] , you do n't * want * to know ... have you ever seen my facebook page ? 
  reporter : but this is not what i 'm here for , it really is n't , mr. mayor , i 'm only here for one simple question : why did you think it was necessary to send the police to his address , because of the tweets that he sent ? 
  i 'd like an answer to that . 
  mayor : and you can have it ... reporter : well , come on !, 
  mayor : he tweeted ... his tweets are n't the reason that the police went there . 
  reporter : then what * is * the reason that you sent the police to him ? 
  mayor : the reason that the police went to him , is because we thought that a demonstration might be imminent ... reporter : because of those tweets ? 
  mayor : not because of the tweets , i just told you . 
  reporter : but then why did you send the police to * him * in particular ? 
  mayor : because he ... other tweets ... he is responsible on social media for azc-alert ... [ a civic platform that 's against opening more asylum centres in the netherlands and says it wants to house them in the region ] very good , freedom of expression , fine , i 'm glad you are n't hiding behind it ... reporter : democracy , right ? 
  it 's allowed . 
  mayor : of course , please do . 
  and if you want to organize a demonstration , fine , but take into account , i am also responsible for his safety . 
  if you look at what kind of idiots this could attract ... 
  i do n't wish that upon him either . 
  reporter : so , let 's see here . 
  this is the spin : you said ... mayor : spin ??? 
  reporter : yes , because you sent the police to him , because of his safety , and then when you look at those tweets of his ... mayor : yes ... reporter : i. . . 
  it 's hard not to start laughing at your explanation . 
  mayor : no , but ... rutger ... 
  i 'm telling you , his tweets are n't the problem . 
  reporter : so then why did you send the police to him ? 
  mayor : i just told you . 
  reporter : because it ... because * he * could be put in danger because of the tweets ? 
  then please send the police to those idiots that would endanger him . 
  this is the world upside down , what you are doing . 
  mayor : yes , but that which happened ... is the question ... if you want to organize a demonstration , then take this into account , and tell us , and then we will regulate it well , so that you can demonstrate . 
  reporter : but that was n't in the tweets at all , the tweets were n't about that at all . 
  no , they were almost diplomatic tweets that he sent , and you ... you thought it necessary ... mayor : yeah ... reporter : ... to send the police to him . 
  and your explanation is : because of * his * safety . 
  you seem to have gone crazy !, 
  mayor : this is a very normal procedure . 
  it is very normal , to prevent him being punched in the face while he is expressing his freedom of expression . 
  and he has that right . 
  so i really ca n't see the problem . 
  what * is * the problem , is that mark * felt * that it was intimidation . 
  and * that * , i find ... reporter : oh , so it 's his fault . 
  mayor : no ... but ... reporter : it 's his fault . 
  mayor : no , it 's not his fault ... reporter : but he experienced it wrong . 
  of course , mr. mayor has acted rightly , the police have acted rightly , it 's his fault . 
  stupid . 
  and maybe he should n't have tweeted in the first place . 
  then we would n't have had any problems at all . 
  what a world !, 
  mayor : well ... reporter : welcome to sliedrecht !, 
  mayor : well , rutger ... well , ok . reporter : goodbye . 
  mayor : yeah , goodbye . 
  well , what did he think would happen ? 
  let 's be serious here . 
  what did he think he could accomplish ? 
  we do n't need the un .
