  besides , before everything had to be gluten-free hypoallergenic organic artisanal whatever , nobody had allergies . 
  now , it seems everyone and their dog has allergies . 
  and all the cats have adhd . 
  perhaps all the attention is part of the cause . 
  i think i 've only ever met one person with a ` real ' allergy ( peanuts ) . 
  the solution to preventing misuse of social welfare benefits abroad is to stop giving people social welfare benefits if they go live abroad . 
  have it tied to your address , and have the recipients come collect it , in person , every week or so . 
  if you 're not there you do n't get any for that week . 
  problem solved . 
   where do you draw a line between being merciful and being naive ? 
  around sweden , apparently . 
  people should be given the vote back after their sentence ends . 
  when the punishment is over , it ought to actually be over . 
  and an argument from the other side : if you feel you ca n't trust someone to vote anymore , should you really let him back into the rest of society ? 
   could n't they just elect so called `` undemocratic '' parties like pvv ? 
  we have a democracy in this country , so forget the pvv , we could elect the [ nvu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_peoples-union ) if we really wanted to . 
  however , we also have the rule of law . 
  for example , our constitution guarantees the freedom of religion , so even if the nvu were in the government , they still could n't , say , ban islam . 
  they could n't set up an apartheid state either , and they certainly could n't go kill the minorities . 
  perhaps they could go get rid of some affirmative-action/diversity policies . 
  big fascist win , there . 
  if they want to change the constitution , well , they 'd need a 2/3rds majority in the lower house ( which is proportional , so they 'd need to win the elections with 66 % ) , and they 'd also need a 2/3rds majority in the upper house ( which means the same landslide in all the provincial elections , so they get to stock the upper house ) . 
  they could then approve a law to set everything in motion . 
  then , the lower house would be * dissolved * , new elections would be held , and they would need to win their 2/3rds majority * again * , and then they could change the constitution . 
  with those odds they 're better off trying to stage a coup . 
  no party has ever even reached 50 % in the history of the netherlands , let alone 66 % . 
  and if you truly * do * have a situation in which a full two-thirds of the population supports a new holocaust , you have a far bigger problem than `` undemocratic parties '' , as democracy or laws probably are n't going to stop them anyway . 
   it 's the same level of madness - possibly worse . 
  how many days in a month ? 
  how many weeks in a year ? 
  nobody knows . 
  you ca n't use power of tens throughout anyway , because a year is n't 10 ^ n times as long as a day . 
  you 're going to keep this . 
  you could have , say , 10 months per year instead of 12 , but you 'd have to alternate between 36 and 37 days per month ( and keep the leap years ) . 
  can that really be called an improvement ? 
  similarly , you could have 10-day weeks instead of 7 , but you 'd have fewer weekends per year and it still would n't relate to the months or years . 
  no change , then ? 
  surely russia can manufacture x-ray machines ? 
  they sent people into space ( and even got most of them back alive ) , they ca n't be * that * undeveloped . 
  sometimes it seems as if brussels runs all of europe * except * belgium . 
  and this is * al-arabiya * reporting on this , the people you 'd think would be the very last to show the world a thing like this . 
  when even the * saudi * media call you out on your extremism , you just might be slightly off your rocker . 
  they should really just compare gdp per capita . 
  for best results , use gdp per capita after taxes and then somehow add in the social services offered by the government . 
   since some asian states are xenophobic and racist , they should not simply ignore such a statement . 
  but ( say ) japan is doing fine . 
  better than fine . 
  the ` nightmare scenario ' of a shrinking , aging population that we 're told will befall europe if we do n't allow near-unregulated immigration , is daily life in japan , and yet japan is * still * doing fine . 
  gdp per capita is high and stable and even still rising a bit ( which is more than a lot of us can say ) , living standards are high , crime is virtually absent , discord is virtually absent . 
  there are no riots , no social unrest , barely any real poverty , the wealth gap is relatively small . 
  there is also basically no racism ( even if that 's because there basically is n't anyone to be racist against ) , and no ethnic tensions , and no ghettos . 
  so should they , in the name of diversity and progression , open their borders and actively strive to become as multicultural as the suburbs of paris ? 
  would that make japan a better place to live for the japanese ? 
  or would they be smarter to simply ignore people calling them xenophobic racists ? 
  you 're not necessarily a racist for not opening your borders . 
  in europe we have multiculturalism now , and there is simply nothing to be done about that , except ethnic cleansing which we obviously should not do because that 's evil . 
  but that does not mean japan is automatically obligated to adopt multiculturalism as well . 
  but if the un appoints this guy as all the things he 's appointed as , they surely must support his ideas . 
  or they also have other motives . 
  orban sounds like a crazy conspiracy theorist and might well be one , but on the other hand , [ the un has at times pushed the eu to do this exact thing for this exact reason ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-18519395 ) , so perhaps it is not as far-fetched as it sounds . 
  that said , we need n't die of immigration if we could just have better immigration policies . 
  let in people on merit rather than compassion , do n't let in so many at a time , stop rewarding them for not integrating ( i.e. 
  get rid of any and all `` diversity '' quotas and subsidies ) , and the problems will get a lot less bad without us having to resort to fascist dictators or sealing the borders . 
  ( ed : of course i do n't mean introducing more discrimination once they 're in , in fact , technically we 'd be getting rid of some . ), 
  it 's probably not worse than a slaughterhouse . 
  in theory they stun the cows and pigs , yes , in practice let 's say it does n't always work . 
  besides , these whales have it good by comparison . 
  it looks bloody , but so does a slaughterhouse . 
  ( those just are n't usually photographed and put on twitter . ), 
  that 's just what it looks like to slaughter an animal . 
  they snap the whale 's `` neck '' , which kills it within a few seconds . 
  also , the whales swim around freely in the ocean for their whole lives and only `` suffer '' for ( perhaps ) half an hour while they 're being rounded up . 
  compare this to cows , which stand in small , dirty enclosures from birth until slaughter . 
  and as the cherry on top of the cake , the whole process is environmentally friendly and sustainable , certainly when compared to factory farming . 
  the population of pilot whales is stable , they are not overhunting them , and it does not cause environmental pollution . 
  if they were to import meat instead , they would certainly be causing more harm to both the animals and the environment . 
  so what do you want them to do ? 
  i 'd certainly expect the politicians who run `` the west '' to be pro-western !, 
  imagine if they were anti-western , they 'd run the place into the ground on purpose . 
  it 's a bit more complicated than that . 
  pro-business politicians ( which you 'd usually call right-wing , right ? ), 
  like it , because it makes doing business easier . 
  those people also like immigration , because it pushes wages down . 
  similarly , you can find socialists ( left-wing , right ? 
  ) , who want the borders shut because otherwise , the working class will be worse off : labor competition from immigrants pushes wages down , and easy cross-border trade means businesses can more easily move jobs to foreign countries . 
  pretending international law does n't exist is a very popular activity among the bigger countries . 
  in fact , given that they get away with it so easily , you can hardly call it `` pretending '' . 
   why does n't california leave the us ? 
  because the us government would never let it . 
  the only way they could leave is through fighting a war of independence against the usa , and that 's not really something any californian would want to try . 
   the same process will apply to islamists . 
  only if you actually enforce those laws equally . 
  in practice , this does not happen . 
  those anti-racism laws , while noble in intent , are only ever used in practice as a stick to beat the right with . 
  when the nazis say `` kill all jews '' , they get locked up and their organisations disbanded ( even if it 's just three guys on the internet ) , but when the salafists yell `` kill all jews '' , then that 's just their culture and we must respect that . 
  worse , if you bring this up , * you * are considered the racist . 
   judging by the `` biggest migrant population '' there should be similar number in denmark , france or netherlands ... and still not crazy high like this . 
  according to [ this post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3cfjrj/who_works_and_who_doesnt_comparing_nationals_vs/ ) , at the time of writing on / r/europe 's front page , belgium 's immigrants have by * far * the highest unemployment rate of any european country 's immigrants . 
  it 's quite a bit over twice as high as unemployment for immigrants in the netherlands , for example . 
  given that , it makes some sense that the immigrants in belgium would commit more crime than the immigrants elsewhere .
