  it 's a bit of a running joke . 
   a guy gets power and delivers pretty much what he 'd been promising for close to a decade and almost everyone is a bit surprised by that . 
  to be fair , when people get power usually they forget all about their promises , so it 's no wonder that that 's surprising . 
  and it 'll make exporting stuff easier . 
   it still amazes me that now the right wing has taken over the anti-globalist movement , when it was the hippies and the union workers who fought against it before . 
  well , the left wing did n't want to anymore , and someone 's got to do it . 
  there 's guaranteed voters there , globalism leaves a lot of people behind . 
  what else was going to happen ? 
   who want to join germany , and austria again wait , what ? 
  that 's odd . 
  `` good job merkel , you made germany into a mena country . '', 
  `` we want to rejoin germany ! '', 
  something 's off here . 
  in the usa , the supreme court is explicitly political . 
  it was n't set up to be that way but it certainly is now , and it has been for centuries . 
  part of the reason why the democrats are panicking about trump is that he 'll likely get to appoint several judges ( there 's already an empty spot and some others are old and could die/retire ) , which is going to flip the court conservative and make it harder for the democrats to get things done even when they 're back in power once trump is gone . 
  if the democrats had won congress or the senate , they could 've blocked trump 's appointments if they did n't like them , but they lost there as well . 
  the republicans already had congress and the senate , and they had been blocking appointments by the democrats waiting for trump to win , which is why there is an empty spot . 
  so a constitutional court being a de facto political body is normal , expected , and probably unavoidable . 
  * someone * has to appoint the judges , and that 's generally ( in germany too ) the elected government . 
  ( it 's either that or the previous judges , which would be even * worse * , as then you 'd have a completely unelected powerful body . ), 
  and if they are at all smart , they 'll pick judges that agree with their plans and wo n't rule them unconstitutional . 
  the german system is probably a bit better than the us one , but even then that 's mainly because you have parliamentary democracy and they do n't . 
  he was investing it , not just spending it . 
  an overly expensive car is n't a good investment . 
  germany would 've lost anyway , but if not for the us , russia would 've taken all of europe . 
  that 's what pence is for . 
  get rid of trump , and you get a * real * old-school conservative . 
  the only reason to get rid of trump is if you want a president who 'll really do something about all those pesky gays . 
   farage was powerful enough to force through a referendum on eu membership with only a couple of mp 's , and to win said referendum . 
  that was cameron 's hubris , not farage 's power . 
  cameron thought remain would easily win , and if it does n't matter anyway then it makes a great campaign promise . 
  you could probably write a `` sociological study '' of kaj memes and have it accepted . 
  [ there are * loads * of papers on internet memes ] ( https://scholar.google.nl/scholar?hl=en&amp;q=internet+memes&amp;btng=&amp;as_sdt=1%2c5&amp;as_sdtp= ) . 
  looks like a belgian road . 
  i do n't know what the situation in spain is , but in the netherlands , if you 're going to be monolingual , you 're better off with only english than only dutch . 
  especially in the cities . 
   i can see this trying to be abused to no end . 
  but this will have to be proven in court no doubt . 
  go out of your way to bully the locals 2 . 
  eventually one of them will try to beat you up 3 . 
  you are now provably a victim of violence 4 . 
  get citizenship, 
  `` independent journalist center '' just sounds like a more orwellian name for the same thing . 
   territorial integrity is a concept that protects us as well . 
  yes , all those third-world rejects * are n't * streaming into europe by the millions . 
  we 're being used as a dumping ground . 
  it 's done in the eu mainly with the goal that the upper class youth from all the countries gets together and makes babies . 
  the children will , due to their mixed heritage , have no home country except for the eu as a whole . 
  this is to break down national bonds , and it also insures that the next generation of powerful people will be eu-minded . 
  the `` education '' is just an excuse . 
  ( do n't believe me ? 
  look at all the people in this thread who say they met their girlfriend/boyfriend in erasmus . 
  it 's certainly encouraged . ), 
  the us does not need this , because the federal government has reigned supreme since the civil war . 
  there 's no need for this kind of nation-building because you already have a nation . 
  why is iceland doing so badly ? 
  i ca n't think of any natural disadvantages that they 'd have . 
  it 's also striking how well you can see the old ottoman empire on this map . 
  i would 've expected it to be `` i am currently on holiday , translations will resume next week . '', 
  or something like that . 
  they gave them to every independent country at the time that they recognized . 
  manners are deference . 
  treating someone badly is showing that you can get away with doing so , and that you are therefore superior ( otherwise the other person would n't have to take it ) ; putting up with being treated badly is accepting your inferiority . 
  we do n't need to work many hours because our labour productivity is higher than most countries . 
  the number is also artificially dragged down by the fact that we have a lot of people working part-time , especially women who 'd just be housewives in other countries and not count toward the statistic at all . 
  cologne was under lockdown this year , which prevented it happening another time . 
  if i were a conspiracy theorist , at this point i 'd start theorizing that the government is destabilizing society on purpose so they can justify greater control . 
  it 's not really about that , it 's the fact that he 's copied the campaign style and the speeches , to the point that people can make [ montages like this one ] ( https://youtu.be/ecvhiuuoute?t=1m56s ) . 
  except klaver does n't really seem able to make it sound like he means any of it . 
   klaver : too many politicians want us to believe that we are divided . 
   obama : america is not as divided as some have suggested . 
   klaver : and that 's why we have to change politics . 
  and we 're going to do it together . 
   obama : we have to change our politics , and come together . 
   klaver : i believe that we can change the netherlands . 
   obama : we will change this country . 
   klaver : and when wilders is sowing division , we 'll unite . 
   obama : we 're choosing unity over division !, 
   klaver : and when they are sowing fear , we will trust in hope . 
   obama : we 're choosing hope over fear . 
   klaver : my mom was 20 when i was born . 
   obama : i was born to a teenage mom . 
   klaver : so when my father left at a young age ...  obama : my father left when i was two . 
   klaver : ... she was left to raise me alone , supported by her parents , my grandpa and grandma . 
   obama : i was raised by a single mother and my grandparents . 
   klaver : friends , it is time for change . 
   obama : it is time for change . 
   klaver : we will create an honest society together . 
  that 's the plumber from the westrand ...  obama : ... the textile workers of spartanburg ...  klaver : ... the young guys from the schilderswijk ...  obama : ... the little girl who goes to the crumbling school in dillon ...  klaver : ... the retiree from venlo ...  obama : ... and the dishwasher in las vegas . 
   klaver : what i 've learned is that you should never let yourself be told by anyone , by whichever cynics or sceptics , that something is impossible . 
  that you should never let yourself be told that something can not be done . 
   obama : when we are met with cynicism and doubt , and those who tell us that we ca n't , then we 'll respond with the timeless creed that sums up the spirit of a people :  klaver : it is possible . 
   obama : yes we can . 
  because jesse klaver ( the guy in charge ) is basically an obama impersonator at this point . 
  he 's taken the whole persona and everything . 
  he just needs some shoe polish and nobody will be able to tell the difference . 
  yes , we can . 
  walloons do n't speak dutch . 
   because every site that uses pictures or words might be used for hate speech # as if restricting people to emojis will solve that .
