the world cup benefits only fifa . 
  the host country has to pay billions upon billions to host it , and all it has to show for it in the end are a bunch of stadiums they 'll never use again , and a bunch of displaced , angry poor people . 
  i do n't get why countries want to host it . 
  i 'd say , if you want to punish russia , making them host it is more of a punishment than taking it away . 
  i 'll also say that any attempt to `` punish russia '' will cause the common people hardship while putin wo n't even notice . 
  economic left/right : -3.62 social libertarian/authoritarian : -2.41 that puts me as a ` left libertarian ' . 
  near the dalai lama , which is weird since lama rule in tibet was so brutal it makes even the chinese look like fluffy bunnies by comparison . 
  now i can wave this in the faces of the people who call me a far-rightist ( truly i have no idea why , but it happens ) . 
  i think the test is a bit weird though . 
  i mean , i 'm certain it gave me lots of points just for agreeing that gay people are people too . 
  and i wonder if astrology ( ?!? ), 
  makes you left or right . 
   persons of lower value , willingly let them `` get hurt '' doing their job how do the prostitutes get hurt , except 1 . being raped or assaulted , 2 . being exploited by pimps , both of which are already illegal ? 
  if there is government control , you have some chance of stopping the rapists and the pimps . 
  if prostitutes have rights , they can just * go to the police * if someone is raping or exploiting them . 
  if there is no regulation , it 'll all just move to the shadows where nobody can see what happens , and that 's worse for everyone involved . 
  if our freedom is taken away , the terrorists will have won . 
  i 'm sure the dutch ones are worse . 
  it 's happened twice now that the train i was on caught fire . 
  in one case , we managed to limp to a station before it got too bad , and then they were brazen enough to announce via the pa system ( i.e. 
  a loudspeaker on the pavement next to the tracks ) once they 'd gotten us out : ` ladies and gentlemen , due to technical difficulties we regret to inform you that the train to [ destination ] will be rerouted to [ rural shithole we 'd broken down in ] . ', 
  while we stood there at the little one-track stop , next to the train that was quite noticeably on fire by that time . 
  the second time , it in a field . 
  with no station in sight , we just sat there in the grass until they 'd finished extinguishing and towing away the first train , then eventually finding another train for us . 
  it took hours and hours . 
  the `` saudi arabia of feminism '' is still quite accurate though . 
  saudi arabia does n't really follow the quran all that well either . 
  they 're just oppressive asshats about it . 
  similarly , sweden has ` rape ' laws broad enough to misuse for political trials ( hi , assange ! ), 
  but when you go and actually look at the status of actual women ... 
   the lines run by the dutch are consistently best wtf ? 
  here in the netherlands , our railways are known for being terrible . 
  there 's a joke that , if the germans invade again , not a single jew will reach the gas chambers this time , they 'll just sit in the train stations drinking apology coffee until liberation . 
  the whole [ undermine national homogeneity ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-18519395 ) thing passed without much comment , too . 
  you need to know in advance how many of each type of meal you need to make , so parents already need to register their religious objections beforehand . 
  then , when you are actually handing out the meals , you need to make sure that 1 . 
  french kids do n't take the jewish/muslim meal ( perhaps they like it better , perhaps they 're just kids screwing around ) , or you 'll run out of religious meals and kids will go without , and , 2 . 
  the kids with jewish/muslim parents do n't take the pork meal ( the kids are likely more curious than religious , so you can bet that they 'll go and try this forbidden food out , but the parents will have your head if that happens , so you must not let them ) . 
  in such a situation , i can understand how marking the kids would seem the `` obvious '' solution , which is exactly why such things should be run past the pr team first . 
  facebook censors a lot of ` upsetting ' stuff all by itself already , and they 've also shown themselves willing to co-operate with governments in actively censoring things . 
  they work with the turkish government as well . 
  if erdogan gets to have facebook remove political opinions he does n't like , then there 's no reason merkel could n't ask the same . 
  they will likely only apply the rules in germany , just as they also only apply the turkish rules when accessed from turkey . 
  ( i wonder why they 're not in china yet . 
  it seems a huge market to lose out on , and they 're certainly not wary of censorship . ), 
  they 're not going to rot in prison for the rest of their lives . 
  there are going to be a gazillion mitigating circumstances ( their ancestry is going to be specifically named as one , and so will their religion as a separate one ) , and in the end they 'll get maybe three or four years in prison , if that . 
  and nobody ever serves their full sentence , so they 'll be out after two . 
  they wo n't be going to an us-style torture dungeon either . 
  german prisons ( as in most of europe ) tend to focus more on rehabilitation , especially if you only have a few years , so they 're mainly going to get a lot of * care * . 
  and the honor killings will continue . 
  nobody * wants * to go to north korea in the first place . 
  * that * 's the barrier . 
  as for the north koreans themselves leaving , their government will punish their families harshly if they try , so most do n't dare . 
  if these migrants were somehow convinced that it was a paradise ( like they 've been convinced about europe ) , they 'd simply waltz across the chinese border . 
  it 's not guarded that well , and north korea ca n't always afford bullets . 
  the river is shallow and it freezes in winter . 
  you 'd just gather up ten thousand people and march across , who is going to do something ? 
  even then , the north korean goverment could be relied upon to call up half a million soldiers and kill all the `` invaders '' , it 'd just take a while . 
  the barrier here is the north korean government 's brutality rather than anything physical . 
  the berlin wall was not effective purely because it was a physical barrier . 
  it `` helped '' a lot that the east german government could be relied on to brutally punish everyone who 'd even think about crossing . 
  had they just put up a wall and left it at that , people would 've simply scaled it . 
  here 's an idea : get rid of the constituencies , and instead divide people up by ethnicity ( write some laws about who belongs where ) and then every ethnicity in two by sex . 
  have a census , assign parliament seats accordingly , and have your new ` constituencies ' vote in the requisite amount of people from amongst themselves . 
  would n't that be a * great * idea ? 
  ( no , i 'm not serious ... ), 
  if they 're `` threatening '' to go back , they 're obviously not that desperate . 
  the ones whose lives really are in danger would n't act like this , after all , they 'd be dead if we took them up on it . 
  this is also exactly why the mosques wo n't want it . 
  at least in the netherlands , most mosques are run by foreign organisations . 
  locally-trained imams who actually grew up in the area they preach in might be loyal to their own community instead of to the likes of milli g\u00f6r\u00fcs , which is exactly why the likes of milli g\u00f6r\u00fcs take care that this does not happen . 
   the only group of ppl who should have the right to come into the eu without getting fingerprinted right away are the kids . 
  and separate them from their families ? 
  it seems to be speaking dutch that does it . 
  complete with brussels ( they 're all frogs ) and north and south holland ( that 's where all the immigrants are ) being exceptions . 
   god knows what he thought he was achieving . 
  pissing people off for fun . 
  how does a german eat clams ? 
  he knocks on the shell loudly , and shouts : `` aufmachen !! '', 
   like they did with the jews back in the 1930s ... yup , they 're smashing their shops , stripping them of citizenship , banning mixed marriages ... 
  surely , within a decade they 'll all be put in gas chambers . 
  you can get a second-hand car for as little as & euro ; 500 . 
  or , if you have patience , you can wait a year and buy a better one for & euro ; 1400 . 
  it seems perfectly doable , as long as you 're not expecting a gold-plated bmw . 
  unity in diversity . 
   imho race is irrelevant to tackling the problem , so why report it when it only incites the worst elements in society to make things worse for everybody your police is apparently afraid ( at least , those were the reports the last time this happened , in rotherham ) to do much about it for fear of being punished for ` unfairly ' targeting minorities . 
  and this * is * a problem . 
  if you give pakistanis * de facto * immunity from the child abuse laws , you should not be surprised at pakistani child abusers . 
  not because they are disproportionally evil , but because the would-be rapists among them need n't fear the law . 
  you need n't be in the edl to point this out . 
  in fact , the edl is probably going to go with `` those filthy pakis are inherently evil '' , rather than any rational explanation . 
  but if you let child rape gangs operate so as not to be called racist , you 're off the deep end as well . 
  so far germany has been the only country where there have been actual attacks on refugee housing . 
   so , if i get this right , they want to go back to lebanon to try a better life . 
  easier to get to sweden from lebanon than from uruguay after all ... 
  it 's good for the right-wing , because the increased labour supply will not only make the wages go down , but the rents go up as well . 
  it 's good for the left-wing , because with working conditions having improved so much over the decades , there 's not all that much of an underclass left , and this will shore up their voting base . 
  and it 's good for politicians as a whole , because if you have different races in large enough numbers , you can play them off against each other ( divide and conquer ) . 
  what use is it to try to broadcast into north korea ?
