  the age of consent was 12 up until a few years ago , when as a result of the pedophilia scandal , it was raised to 14 for girls and 16 for boys . 
  `` pay to publish '' encourages lenient publication standards on the part of the journals ( because then they 'll make more money ) , which will in turn drag everyone 's reputations down . 
  that 's not something you want , especially not in a system where publication in a reputable journal is really the only way an outsider can tell whether or not a paper is legit or not . 
  there 's no way to tell anymore . 
  the source seems very iffy to me , but on the other hand it seems almost plausible compared to the other reports that we know are real . 
  imagine this five years ago . 
  it would 've been so far out of the norm that if you were to include it in a dystopian novel people would say it was going too far . 
   we 're democracies and have checks and balances , speech restrictions have constitutional limits no government has ever taken a turn for the illiberal , after all , and even if they do , it 'll be very easy to find some like-minded people and organize a protest over the state-controlled social media , which will certainly not censor such constitutionally approved messages . 
  just ask the russians , or the turks . 
  constitutional judges are also human beings , with their own views and allegiances , and with families you can pressure if they wo n't listen . 
  ( and that 's if you even have them , we do n't for example . ), 
  we 're not necessarily so different from the turks , you know . 
  a good economic failure or another big migrant wave might be all it takes . 
   radicals take over the complete social media infrastructure for recruitment efforts . 
  i 'd rather radicals speak out in the open where we can see them , rather than pretend they do n't exist in between the attacks . 
  it might be uncomfortable , but shutting them up does n't make them go away . 
  if anything , you are robbing yourself of the knowledge of what you are dealing with . 
  ( weimar germany had strict hate speech laws , and the nsdap was even banned for a while . 
  nazis went to jail . 
  they were the butt of jokes right up until they ended up in power . 
  the hate speech laws did n't work . ), 
  recruitment does n't go over normal channels anyway , even most radicals are n't nearly stupid enough to ` like ' the isis page on facebook using an account under their own name . 
  but what will you do when people you do n't like come to power ? 
  you might like the current speech restrictions but that does n't mean you 'll like the next ones . 
  we do n't need to give the government control over everything . 
  that would just make everything a lot worse . 
  ( though arguably they already have it , they just need to ask zucky [ like merkel famously did once ] ( http://www.cnbc.com/2015/09/27/angela-merkel-caught-on-hot-mic-pressing-facebook-ceo-over-anti-immigrant-posts.html ) . ), 
  if there 's * any * organization that does n't want us to communicate freely , it 's the government . 
  corporations usually are just greedy , for the government it 's about control . 
  something like [ diaspora ] ( https://diasporafoundation.org/ ) would be a far better alternative . 
  everyone just hosts their stuff themselves , so there 's no centralized control possible . 
  even for non-technical users that would be better , because in that scenario you could still have different `` facebook providers '' that you could switch between at will without losing everything and while still being able to talk to the same people . 
  then you 'd have a real free market . 
  and if you like , you can just host everything yourself . 
  they even used to be terrorists . 
  ( of course , so did everyone else in northern ireland , but still ), 
  the catholic church is one big organization , but protestant sects can be as little as one church with 50 weirdos . 
  most mainline protestant denominations are n't that crazy , but there 's no pope who can make official statements . 
  there 's a huge amount of variation in the margins . 
  ( in practice , there 's local variation within the catholic church too . 
  they do n't always listen either . 
  but at least you can say they 're not being good catholics . ), 
  that makes them sound like basically norsefire , so i hope it is exaggerated . 
  what are they like ? 
  this is literally the first time i 've heard of them . 
  there are loads of eiffel towers in various sizes across the world as well . 
  also , north korea copied your arc de triomphe . 
  they were slow in the last scramble for africa too . 
   schools and a 100 % literacy rate before market reform haha no . 
  in 1950 it was only 20 % . 
  it 's now 95 % . 
  still , 20 % is n't * that * low for a pre-industrial society , and they also used not to teach women so one imagines they could have gotten it up to 40 % had they wanted to . 
  india was way worse than china ( and still is despite improvements ) . 
   what makes a moroccan do an attack is less evident . 
  the moroccan government has long had the policy to encourage emigration of the shitty part of their population . 
  the moroccans in europe are pretty much selected to be bad people . 
  conspiracy theory : they do this on purpose to generate sob stories in the media and sympathy for migrants . 
  then once the public perception shifts a bit they can resume importing the less sympathetic migrants . 
  the comparison with older buildings is also unfair because only have the good old buildings left , which are n't generally housing for commoners . 
  the shacks and slums of the old days are all gone , replaced with modern housing that 's cheap and shitty compared to the monumental old buildings , but still way better than what they replaced . 
  [ here 's what amsterdam used to look like 100 years ago ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/d8/6e/28/d86e286e53bd4a003f38cea330d69f92.jpg ), 
   otherwise it would just be a flat plain with brown lumps of bricks . 
  rather than a flat plain with gray lumps of concrete and glass ? 
  it seems a stupid thing to regulate at all , whether nationally or eu-wide . 
  surely the manufacturers of preprocessed foods would know for how long to heat their own products up . 
  nope , every constituency just elects one mp . 
  it also means you could gain a parliamentary majority by barely winning half the constituencies and getting ~ 1/4ths of the vote . 
  if the other 3/4ths of the vote all went to the other party it still just sucks to be them . 
  the colonists , you mean ? 
  so does that mean i can start calling the muslims colonists too , or is that different ? 
  the ethnic enclaves are so set by now that to do something about it would be functionally equivalent to invading and occupying a tiny foreign country . 
  it could be * done * , of course , but nobody has the stomach for it . 
  if they keep doing that , eventually people are going to stop caring and then there 'll be some * real * racism . 
  a joint treasury ? 
  then we 'd have literally no say in the governance of our own countries anymore . 
  the eu could just withhold money for whatever they do n't like . 
  hey , they are at least reporting on it now , that 's a positive change . 
  those african countries probably have way fewer police officers per capita than greece though . 
   if you thought that migrants were just blank slates that would come here and be impregnated with our culture seamlessly why would they even * want * to be like us ? 
  it sucks to be like us . 
  we have to pay for their upkeep , meanwhile nobody really enforces the law against them . 
  they can do whatever they want . 
  if they integrated they 'd be worse off . 
  especially since they do n't have skills , so any job they could get is guaranteed to be shit . 
  on top of that they all get taught that the west is decadent and unwilling to defend itself . 
  then they come here and see that that 's basically the truth . 
   change g [ e ] nder [ ... ] became elite of a nation [ hey , if it works in sports ... ] ( http://edition.cnn.com/2017/03/23/health/transgender-weightlifter-controversy-trnd/ ), 
   the chinese leaders are very forward looking . 
  they 're not going to do anything , they 're just going to lie about the numbers like they always do . 
  the difference between the usa and china is that the usa holds a middle finger in your face and china sticks its tongue out at you behind your back . 
   they do n't care about coal or the workers . 
  not about the workers maybe ( though laying off a lot at the time will cause unrest and they wo n't want that ) , but they have some very rich and influential coal barons . 
   new mutually beneficial business and economic opportunities your benefit : not only do your politicians get to rob you blind , they get to rob us blind too our benefit : our politicians get guaranteed well-paid cushy eu posts for the rest of their lives after they 're done here, 
  tax people into the poorhouse , they 'll use up fewer resources . 
  look at all those starving african countries , they barely pollute . 
  ( if they ever get off the ground it 'll make the current problems look like child 's play though . ), 
  then the likes of al gore can fly around the world in big polluting jets with a clean conscience . 
  it 's only been the pm 's office since the 1980s ( though the building itself dates from the 1500s ) . 
  why is it state-sponsored then , if it does n't even really educate people . 
  to keep them away from the real schools ?
