  all of them are , transparently so . 
  i * am * shocked that the sun is actually honest about it . 
  * that * 's a new one . 
  usually they all claim to be `` fair and balanced '' or something like that despite being no better than breitbart . 
  turkey will be kurdistan before germany ever becomes turkey , by the looks of it . 
   cause and amplify all sorts of internal divisions . 
  they do the same thing here . 
  would n't have expected israel to just let them operate though , usually they do have a spine . 
  [ trump had 813,774 more votes than hillary in texas , says the nyt . 
  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/elections/results/texas ) but due to the electoral college , it does n't matter whether he wins by 800.000 votes or by 8 , the electors are all his and the hillary votes have no influence on anything . 
  and since texas goes reliably red , the blue voters have no real reason to get out of bed . 
  california is the other way around . 
  [ and so , voter turnout is higher in `` battleground '' states which are n't decided before the race even begins . 
  ] ( http://www.npr.org/2016/11/26/503170280/charts-is-the-electoral-college-dragging-down-voter-turnout-in-your-state ), 
   i 'm sure trump could 've won california and new york if he 'd tried . 
  he only lost them by about 5.5 million votes - it was pretty close . 
  well , all the republicans there stay home , because those states go blue anyway so it 's no use . 
  trump similarly won texas by almost a million . 
  if the electoral college were abandoned , and everyone 's vote would count equally , then voting patterns would likely change . 
  if the various the_donald equivalents for le pen and friends are any indication , none of them have any knowledge of how the political systems here actually work , and what works in the us will not work here , so they 'll be hurting their own cause more than anything else . 
  let alone the irony of an international nationalist movement . 
  what self-respecting nationalist is going to let foreigners tell him what to do ? 
  this is no surprise . 
  the chart only counts people who were actually born abroad , whereas public perception is going to include anyone who seems foreign , i.e. 
  the descendants of foreigners . 
  you can be born and raised here , by people who were themselves born and raised here , and still wave the turkish or moroccan flag , because that 's your ancestry and culture , that 's what you were raised to be . 
  obviously these people are seen as `` foreigners '' , even if they were born here , hence the disparity between official numbers and public perception . 
   for example , maybe workers are unable to assess the risks of exposure to a particular dangerous chemical , so the state says `` workers here may simply not be exposed to that chemical '' . 
  it 's fine for , say , france to ban this exposure . 
  however , if some other country makes a different assessment as to its harm , france will still , on the net , benefit from having the work done in that other country ( and then trading more goods from other export industries to that country in exchange ) . 
  that only works if the pollution is purely local . 
  for things like global warming , it does n't really matter whether the co2 is pumped into the air in france or in china . 
  so in that case , everyone suffers , except france suffers more because on top of the climate change they 've also lost money . 
   where do you live where being born and raised there does n't make you a part of the country in the netherlands , we have many ethnic enclaves . 
  you can be born and raised here , by people who were themselves born and raised here , and yet be more turkish than anyone in istanbul . 
  if your parents were turkish , and you grow up in a turkish environment , you 're going to be a turk , no matter if said turkish environment is officially under dutch jurisdiction . 
  in the same way that kurds are still kurds even though they live in turkey . 
  probably every country that has seen immigration is like this . 
  well , that 'll be banned for hate speech at the first joke involving a muslim . 
   trade is not a zero-sum game . 
  if you establish labour rights in your country , and then have free trade with countries where they do n't have that , you will not be able to compete . 
  if you establish environmental regulations in your country , and then have free trade with countries where they do n't have that , you will not be able to compete . 
  this also renders your labour rights and environmental regulations worthless , as your companies can evade them very simply by just moving abroad . 
   jo cox was just a mediocre politician , not a `` great '' woman . 
  well , if you want to make a political statement by removing the names of historical figures to fulfill a woman quota , who better to use than an utterly unremarkable quota woman ? 
  that way it will be forever obvious what the intent was . 
   the ob was kind enough to inform her that this is all her fault , for being too old that might well be true though , depending on her age . 
  you ca n't really fault the doctor in that case . 
   politicians start proposing popular but unrealistic or impossible policies in order to fish votes . 
  then they get elected , ca n't deliver , and never get elected again . 
   `` you do n't have to stay , but if you do n't we 'll do our best to ruin you on the way out '' . 
  there 's no real other choice for the eu either . 
  otherwise , there 'd be no benefits in staying and no drawbacks in leaving . 
  everyone would leave and there 'd be no eu anymore . 
   i was an erasmus student , it baffles me that this was n't brought up more . 
  it is a great great thing we have access to . 
  hell you can go to denmark today and do a free masters . 
  i doubt a big part of the population will care about it . 
  it 's a very elite thing to begin with . 
  it 's not like just any student can use it . 
  and * just being a student at all * already makes you part of the elite . 
  most people do n't go to university , in the netherlands about 30 % , and that includes the hbos so even many of those are n't `` real '' students . 
  erasmus is not just for the elite , it is for the elite 's elite . 
  you could easily turn this into an anti-eu argument by saying : it 's just a program for the euro-dauphins to go on cross-continental boozers from * your * hard-earned and way overtaxed money !, 
  it 's because she needs to outlive charles . 
  by ignoring `` international '' maritime `` law '' , `` international '' `` refugee '' `` law '' , and `` international '' `` human rights '' `` law '' . 
  it 's not like anyone outside of europe pays them any mind . 
  we have written ourselves an extremely restrictive rulebook . 
  the rest of the world does not recognize the rulebook , except when they can use it to hold * us * to it . 
  there is no possible way to enforce it . 
  international law is europe tying its hands behind its back . 
  we have to recognize that laws are n't laws when they ca n't be enforced , and we have to recognize that nobody in the world has any interest in playing fair . 
  we then have to play * at least * as dirty as anyone else . 
  have you got an arab language group in your parliament yet ? 
  ( i mean , we have a turk party ... ), 
  no , what separates finland from somalia is their border with sweden . 
  it still looks as if you 'd get murdered if you walk past it . 
  identity politics is just ` my group against their group ' . 
  or ` my group should ally with group a and fight against groups b and c ' . 
  or , as i suspect in the case of politicians , ` let 's set groups a and b against each other so we can screw them both over and they 'll be too busy to notice ' . 
  it 's just tribalism , and that 's as old as humanity itself . 
   well europe sort of invented identity politics with the whole catholic/protestant thing yes , that was the world 's first group conflict . 
  before that , people all sang kumbaya together . 
  standardizing it will just lead to sweden 's model imposed everywhere . 
  the people in charge of the eu * want * these migrants , otherwise this shitshow would 've been stopped years ago . 
  population density of english speakers . 
  to even be exposed to furries , you 'd need to be part of the english-speaking internet culture . 
  accounting for that it 's just a population map . 
  hey , if they want it to be their responsibility instead of ours , i can only cheer them on . 
  what if they have a referendum to get rid of recycling ? 
   taxis and kebap booths never even have card terminals hint hint : they do n't pay taxes . 
  not all of them , anyway . 
  on top of that , there are transaction costs involved , and you 're reliant on their systems working . 
  your little kebab shop is last on the list to be repaired , the big places are more important . 
  etc , etc. 
  no it did n't , the whole thing came from the us , rainbow flags and all . 
  see also : stonewall . 
  same-sex activity has been observed in just about any culture , but building a quasi-ethnicity around it is relatively new and dates more or less from the roaring twenties in the us , with its existence at least ( if not acceptance of it ) entering the mainstream after the stonewall debacle . 
  the fact that the netherlands legalized gay marriage first says very little . 
  after all , in the us all the progressive stuff is just in the big coastal cities , and the rest of the country always resists .
