  you ca n't do that to locals ( or actual immigrants , by the way ) , because we 've had big fights over this during industrialization and now there are worker 's rights . 
  but in this way it becomes a race to the bottom . 
  but the local council can tax the centre and use the money to go on ~ ~ holidays ~ ~ fact-finding missions . 
  i 've heard it said that there are more undercover government agents in the npd than actual supporters of their ideas . 
  muslim restaurants ? 
  what , like kebab places ? 
  the mosques i can understand but that 's going a bit far is n't it ? 
  ( or do they just have only one mosque in japan , which is also a kebab place , so they 're monitoring `` all mosques and restaurants '' ? ), 
  turns out the sex segregation in muslim countries is actually just pragmatism . 
  see ? 
  this is what freedom of movement means . 
  all kinds of dodgy types can just walk into your country and do whatever ... 
  not really . 
  with turkish citizenship they wo n't be granted asylum here , which at the very least means they ca n't settle here or vote , or drag in a busload of other people through family reunification . 
  they could overstay , but we can deport them back to turkey if they do that . 
  if they make a nuisance of themselves while being here illegally they will be caught . 
  being illegal , they wo n't have any right to social assistance either , so the pull factor is gone too . 
  they could also try to immigrate legally , but that 's unlikely to succeed unless they have skills and no criminal past . 
  in fact , i 'd not be entirely surprised if a lot of the syrians end up refusing turkish citizenship , given how it 'd mean no germany or sweden for them . 
  he 's not that dangerous . 
  his party is leading in the polls , but still only about 25 % of the votes , and it 's already falling again . 
  he 's unlikely to end up in the government , the other parties do n't consider him fit for that , and even if he does , it 'll be in a coalition with more level-headed people . 
  furthermore , the polls always skew away from the establishment parties & ndash ; being in power never endears you to anyone & ndash ; but when push comes to shove people tend to vote for one of the mainstream parties anyway . 
  last time , the socialist party looked like it was going to win , but their ` new supporters ' all ended up voting for the labour party . 
  [ here 's a graph , look at what happened at the end . 
  ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/tweede_kamerverkiezingen_2012/peilingen ) even if he outdoes the polls by a factor of two , gets a majority all on his own , and forms this country 's first ever single-party government ( presumably right after he wins the jackpot in every lottery on earth at once ) , he 'd still have to get rid of the constitution and get us out of the eu before he can do anything really bad . 
  changing the constitution in the netherlands requires a 2/3 majority , then a new election , then a 2/3 majority again . 
  i actually think that , given how our political system works , wilders might be a good thing to have . 
  given how he 's not anywhere near enough power to do serious damage , he 's more of an inoculation then a disease . 
  you can take one look at the polls and see how many disaffected people there are and how angry they are , so the mainstream parties can do something about it before it gets too bad . 
  it does n't sneak up on you , you can see its bleached hair and hear its shouts from miles away and prepare . 
  meanwhile , systems like the ones used in the uk and the usa seem to have managed to * completely forget * about a big part of the population , to the point where in the usa you got trump out of nothing , and the uk now has to leave the eu . 
  if the uk government had had any idea of what the mood in the country was actually like , they would never have held that referendum . 
  perhaps they should just lease it again for another 99 years . 
  most people never go to university . 
  in the uk [ it 's about 30 % ] ( https://fullfact.org/education/are-there-record-numbers-young-people-going-university/ ) . 
  so 70 % of the youth is n't going to care about student opportunities , if anything it may annoy them that their tax money is spent on trips abroad for the people who look down on them . 
  and then look at the vote : [ turnout in the 18-24 age group was only 36 % ] ( https://twitter.com/skydata/status/746700869656256512 ) , so you could state the 18-24 vote as : 26 % remain ( ` yay erasmus ' ) , 10 % leave ( ` fuck off twits ' ) , 64 % ca n't be arsed . 
  the site is working fine over here . 
  the main page does have `` thank you '' on it , but the links at the top all work - the page with the promises on it even still starts off with `` we 'll save 350 million pounds we can spend on the nhs '' . 
  they might have just made a mistake when putting the `` thank you '' page up , or perhaps they thought it was no longer needed because the campaign was over . 
  i ca n't fathom that they 'd actually think they could try to hide a website , especially since it 's back up . 
  certainly the people who built the website would know what a bad idea that is . 
   73 % in favour of remain but only 33 % of them bothered to vote ... you do n't know what the non-voters would 've voted for , had they voted . 
  you could say 24 % are passionate globalists , 9 % are passionate nationalists and 67 % do n't care . 
  if you 'd have dragged that 67 % out of their beds to go vote , they might well have voted leave just to spite you . 
   trade skills are being undercut by migration which has drove wages down , it 's a race to the bottom . 
  the same is true of doctors . 
  [ apparently , working conditions under the nhs are basically third-world , and doctors educated in britain flee to other countries as fast as they can . 
  the nhs then makes up for the shortfall by recruiting from poor countries where people are used to bad working conditions . 
  ] ( http://slatestarcodex.com/2016/05/12/solidarity/ ) would you trust a healthcare system that runs its doctors so ragged ? 
  if you push people to such extremes , they start making mistakes . 
  with more limited immigration , that would n't be an option . 
  they 'd have to try to keep at least some of their own doctors around , which would mean raising the standards . 
  of course , that 'd cost * money * . 
  money that then ca n't be spent on fancy offices and cars for the management . 
  ca n't have that now , can we ? 
  the other side of this is that water is expensive in california and cheap in florida because california has a big water shortage while florida is wet . 
  given that , the price difference between florida and california citrus is just the market telling you that perhaps it 's not the best idea to grow water-intensive crops in a dry area , and that it is a better idea to do it in a place where there is water available . 
  it has little to do with unfairness , unless you want to say that nature itself is unfair for not raining on california enough . 
  huh , did n't know that . 
  seems a stupid thing to do . 
  now it 's on the record , and if you pick your audience right they * will * do it all on their own . 
  yes , he wants to strip them of citizenship , put them in ghettos , and then have his brownshirts smash up the ghettos every once in a while . 
  he also wants to ban mixed marriages . 
  and when the war comes , he 'll put them in camps and kill them all . 
   instructed them to chant ~ ~ they did that all on their own . ~ ~ apparently not , see comment below . 
  meet the new boss , same as the old boss . 
  but sometimes you just want to see the boss hang , even if a new one will just come in . 
  the trade balance with the eu was very much in the eu 's favour , though , so anything done to hurt the uk will hurt the eu more . 
  it 's going to come down to whether the eu is willing to take that hit in order to make an example out of the uk . 
  the politicians probably will , at least at first , but if it hurts the economy enough , people will vote them out . 
   what 's the difference between this and turkey 's ( erdogan 's ) press at least they do n't all say the same thing . 
  to go a step further , the really obvious/stupid ones are likely posted by the other side . 
  i would n't be surprised at all if the cyrillic account that was mentioned is actually run by a remainer to discredit leave . 
  make them look inept and putin-backed at once . 
  at least , that 's what i 'd do . 
  undoubtedly leave is doing the same to remain as well . 
  i 've heard it said that it started in the 1800s to make masturbation harder , and it 's just become a tradition . 
  if it was a muslim , it would be the left-wingers trying to downplay it and the right-wingers saying ` see , they 're all murderers . ', 
  now that it 's an ultranationalist , the reactions are reversed . 
  they 'll probably make an exception . 
  how are they supposed to earn the money back that they spent on it if they ca n't sell people watered-down beers for $ 10 ? 
  rich arab countries do n't get any aid to begin with that we can withhold . 
  besides , we ca n't piss them off to much because we need their oil . 
  sowing internal strife in your enemies ' countries is always good , so you fund and support rebellious groups within your enemy 's society . 
  whether that be far-left or far-right . 
  the us funds rebels in its enemies as well , when possible . 
  everybody does this when they can . 
  foreign aid is the opposite side of the coin : that 's to prop up foreign governments you like , and also to make them dependent on you so they 'll dance on command ( would n't want to lose the aid , after all ) . 
  in this light it also makes perfect sense that putin has banned foreign ngos from operating in russia , as those are an obvious attack vector . 
  there was a huge outcry when he did it , but i 'd probably do the same if i were him . 
  it 's been going on at least since the cold war . 
  the gdr actively supported hippie peace movements in west germany , for example ; and [ believe it or not , modern art was a cia creation to sow dissent among russian artists ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/modern-art-was-cia-weapon-1578808.html ) . 
  nah , i doubt it . 
  wilders would no doubt scream a bit , but then again , he does that anyway . 
  there 's not going to be anything even approaching a revolution here until people are literally starving . 
  it ca n't be that hard to actually catch these people . 
  i mean , if i started an illegal bakery or something i 'd be shut down within the day , but illegal brothels are apparently everywhere . 
  is the government in on it ?
