  the us should take the lot , imo . 
  it 's their government that keeps starting shit in the middle east to begin with , it 's their lobbyists who run `` our '' governments , it 's their commanders whom `` our '' armies always end up taking their orders from , it 's their media and ngos that keep calling * us * human rights abusers ( as if they have the right to speak ) when we 're made to deal with the crap they start , and it 's their midwest which is completely empty and can easily hold a few million people without anyone even noticing . 
  well , once they 're in , citizenship is pretty much guaranteed in the long run . 
  they 'll have kids while they 're here , and then all the bleeding hearts go `` you ca n't send those poor children to syria !, 
  you ca n't take them away from their schools and friends !, 
  '' , so then the kids get to stay , and their parents as well . 
  they are never leaving . 
  let 's be honest here , even concerning the actual refugees , nobody will want to go back to the heap of rubble that 'll be left of syria when the war is finally over in a decade , and hardly anyone will be made to . 
  they are here to stay , which makes them immigrants . 
  they ca n't print dollars , they are n't authorized to . 
  they could print money that looks like dollars , but that would be counterfeiting . 
  if you 're going to be under someone 's heel , the uk 's boots are pretty fluffy nowadays . 
  china or russia , not so much . 
  this is a map of the population density of english speakers with internet access . 
   these images are offensive for the sake of being offensive the right to offend is the most important right , when you think about it . 
  only then can you have unrestricted speech , and with it all the lofty goals that can be defended with it . 
  we ca n't very well have a free press if politicians start `` feeling offended '' and then silencing the papers , for example . 
  if , for example , a politician who happens to be muslim can then use that to silence critics for `` islamophobia '' , then that would be a very bad thing . 
  what he is doing is very childish , but that he be allowed to do it is important to the core values of the enlightenment , and that 's the point he 's making . 
  similarly , if he ca n't be silenced , then neither can the people you * do * agree with . 
  a good thing , no ? 
  also , if you start helping ex-jihadis at the expense of others ( which it must be , because with the scarcity of jobs and housing , any job or home granted to an ex-jihadi means a normal person has to go without instead ) , you make a situation in which it is better for people to have been in isis , than not to have been in isis . 
  not only is that a bit unfair , but people will be motivated to join isis , because they 'll get benefits when their `` tour of duty '' is over . 
  i do n't think you really want that . 
  we need stabilisation , not uncontrolled expansion ; besides , the people who have the most children are usually the kind of people you want fewer of , not more ( e.g. 
  religious extremists , people who are too stupid to think ahead , etc. 
  now , we are going to get the situation where a hosting provider can be on the hook for a comment posted on the website of one of its clients , like in china . 
  and who decides what speech is and is not allowed ? 
  that very same court ? 
  they can just point at people and ruin them on a whim , then . 
  yes , but in countries where prostitution is illegal , that 's * all * prostitutes . 
  the existence of unregistered prostitutes is a corruption/enforcement problem , not one with the laws themselves . 
  after all , if i set up an unregistered bakery , it would n't last long , so there 's no reason the same could not be done for brothels . 
   it is the human rights court after all and you do n't want any country to think those are optional . 
  uhh ... 
  i think most countries already do . 
  even in europe , when it suits us . 
  i do n't know why the echr is so dead-set on letting half of africa in , but refused to help * one * american whistleblower . 
   what is to prevent russia from reopening their camps in siberia ? 
  nothing . 
  in fact , they still run prison camps in siberia . 
  russia is n't all that known for its insistence on protecting human rights , in case you had n't noticed yet . 
  even if they were n't , it 's going to take more than a few `` human rights judges '' to make russia do * anything * . 
  netherlands : it 's completely legal , both prostitution itself as well as the organisations , brothels etc. 
  there are taxes , licenses , check-ups , health and safety regulations , even a union , the works . 
  i think it 's a good thing . 
  as a client , you know it 's above-board and you wo n't be robbed or get diseases , and as a prostitute , you have rights and protections and do n't need to fear pimps or diseases either . 
  the only bad thing is that enforcement can be spotty , especially in amsterdam , and there is corruption , so sometimes you still get people forced into prostitution . 
  especially immigrant prostitutes , who might be illegal and/or not know they have rights . 
  but at least this does not happen to most prostitutes . 
  there is probably no country anywhere like that . 
  ( except maybe ethiopia , as that 's where they found the earliest human remains . ), 
  just a question ... what happens if you ignore the echr ? 
  if i as an individual ignore court-ordered payments , i get taken to jail and my stuff gets seized . 
  but what can they do to a country ? 
  order more payments that you 'll just ignore as well ? 
  they ca n't very well start a war over it . 
  they would n't have any troops to do that with in any case . 
  it * looks * just as toothless as the un . 
  they 're not going to shut down italy 's foreign trade either , the rest of europe would n't stand for that because they 'd be hurt as well . 
   open a `` charity '' with the premise `` let 's all pay a little to keep those fuckers out once and for all '' and you could rake in some major cash . 
  you 'd need to actually spend it on the people though , so you do n't get to keep that much . 
  in any case , improving lives in africa * would * decrease the amount of migrants , so it 's not even * that * bad an idea . 
  what the actual fuck . 
  that 's insane . 
  they 're already there anyway so it even saves them the trip . 
  good idea !, 
  is n't it a bit late for that ? 
  everyone there with any actual responsibility has likely already retired . 
   suffice it to say none of them can compete . 
  perhaps bets were involved and this is a creative form of match fixing . 
  so you 're saying , you had a big internal fight about it , the pro-local news side ended up winning , and there 's been a purge ? 
  however , that law is not really enforced in practice . 
  you can see whiny children in the supermarket being slapped around no problem . 
  the guilder was a mark in all but name anyway . 
  a & pound ; 400 million stadium which a ) will never , ever see any use again because there are ten of them in a row in the same neighbourhood already , and b ) is really only a & pound ; 50 million stadium , the rest of the costs being eaten by olympic corruption . 
   all i hear from canadians is the message that it 's working for them . 
  so how are the inuit faring ? 
  if you want people to ride bikes , make it so they ca n't afford cars . 
  the taxes here are ridiculous , especially on cars and fuel . 
   luckily they can aim , and thus far no bystanders got hurt . 
  it 's basically `` gedoogd '' at this point ( how could it not be , i would n't be surprised if the ministry of justice turned out to be behind half of them ) , but that would probably change quickly if the tactics were to change from ` surgical precision ' to ` call of duty ' . 
  except the guardian apparently , least diverse profile of the bunch . 
   if this were some other country i might have laughed at the irony of people democratically electing a dictator , that 's how quite a lot of dictators entrench themselves , by at least nominally democratic elections followed by constitutional ` referendums ' , in several rounds if necessary . 
  just like putin , just like chavez . 
  hell , * finland * used to be ruled this way ( by kekkonen ) . 
   the underlying reasons for erdogan always managing to get so many votes turkey lets its diaspora vote . 
  that 's 30 million people , who are swayed by erdogan 's speeches without having to live under his repressive government . 
  these people probably would n't vote for the akp in such force if they had felt the tear gas in their eyes themselves , or if their facebook was also blocked . 
  ( imagine what the dutch parliament would look like if we let all those `` dutchmen '' in canada vote . 
  they 'd likely all vote sgp !, 
  not to mention the ones in south africa ... )  this guy needs to go , if necessary by force . 
  please do n't . 
  a dictatorship in turkey is survivable , a war with turkey is going to give us far greater problems . 
  turkey does have somewhat of a democratic tradition , it 's not inevitable that he 'll turn into putin completely . 
  besides , who 's going to fight it . 
  do you want to kick them out of nato ? 
  compared to [ this map of disposable household income ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/maptoolclosed.do;jsessionid=ta7os0rfwaom-foqtinehxg9fzioatzasxc5imepquvt9dmgz4te!-1797539252?tab=map&amp;init=1&amp;plugin=1&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=tgs00026&amp;toolbox=types# ) , it seems to be mainly flanders stronk . 
  wallonia does n't have any money to begin with , and while the netherlands has a high nominal gdp it all gets eaten by ridiculously high taxes and prices . 
  to be fair , if you 're paying for something and it goes badly wrong ( say , a leak of legally protected data ) , you can generally sue the living daylights out of the people you paid .
