  ( that might not even be such a bad idea , thinking about it ... ), 
  as bad as it looks , this is in fact less strict than the usa 's version at the time ( the one-drop rule ) since you can get away with one grandparent . 
  usually the french go way too far in one direction and the germans go a bit too far in the other . 
  [ here 's the dutch one for comparison ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/ac/mark_rutte_torentje_2012-2.jpg ) . 
  they could attach a turbine to his spinning body in his grave and meet the climate goals . 
  the computers are generally built into the stands themselves . 
  of course , they do n't get a lot of ventilation in there , if it 's standing in the sun it 's going to get hotter than 33 ^ o c in there . 
  it could also have a broken/clogged fan or something like that . 
   no dutchman feels less dutch because he 's perfectly bi/trilingual . 
  dunno , there 's a bunch of `` citizens of the world '' who prefer english over dutch . 
  even if they do n't even speak it all that well . 
  they consider it nationalist and a bit reactionary . 
  thankfully this attitude is n't that widespread ... yet . 
  but you can see them if you 're in an university city . 
   `` cool liberal muslim '' , drinking , smoking , fucking , the likes . 
  if you 're a martyr your sins are forgiven . 
  so if you 've sinned a lot and want to redeem yourself ... 
  i think the catholics have a better idea on that front at least . 
  i think she thought she 'd already won and is n't trying now . 
  normally you 'd keep the internet regulation crap until * after * you 're elected . 
  amsterdam is n't dutch , it 's cosmopolitan . 
  there 's some dutch people there , yes , but that does n't make it dutch . 
  ( there are also some turks there , and yet it is not turkish . 
  there are probably hundreds of ethnicities and it does n't belong to any one of them . ), 
  it was once dutch , but the dutch culture has indeed been mostly supplanted in amsterdam . 
  ( did you know : the biggest city in the netherlands is amsterdam , but the biggest dutch city ( with the most actual dutch people living in it ) is utrecht . ), 
  if you want to see the actual dutch go live in a village . 
  they will * probably * also speak dutch with you more easily . 
  beware that you should already speak conversational dutch ( does n't have to be perfect ) . 
  you might end up speaking a dialect though . 
  yes , but this is more like the german people drinking bleach , not merkel herself . 
  she 's done well out of all of it . 
  ( on the other hand , who * can * you vote for ? 
  everyone else is to the left of her , except for the afd , who seem to be a shitshow that ca n't even agree with themselves . 
  i 'm glad the netherlands does n't have an election threshold such as countries like germany and turkey , so we can actually have newcomers in the parliament sometimes . 
  on the other hand the eu is quickly rendering the whole thing moot anyway . ), 
  so if the us would admit countries as new states , provided they follow all the federal legislation without whining about it , it would n't be protectionism either ? 
  you could say the same thing about the vvd winning . 
  they only got 22 % of the vote , meaning 78 % of the country does n't like them . 
  so the `` alde runs the netherlands '' is n't right either . 
  thankfully we use proportional representation and not first-past-the-post , though they 're having trouble with the formation now due to how different everyone suddenly is from one another . 
  it seems like everyone has radicalized a bit . 
  merkel is going to be reelected though ( well , her party the cdu will stay biggest - and that 's actually a right-wing-ish party ) . 
  she did n't exactly drink bleach . 
   no fucking idea how to and do n't even produce any . 
  that 's how it works . 
  that 's not how it * ought * to work though . 
  surely in an ideal world we should leave your wine alone , and you should leave our media alone , and then we 'd both be better off ? 
  this way we just get an endless cycle of `` you screwed us so we 'll screw you '' . 
  that 's not exactly something to strive for and it 's exactly why i think the eu competencies should be limited and written into law . 
  ( even in the us the federal government is limited in that manner . ), 
  the netherlands voted against it . 
  why is it better if you guys force something on us than if netflix were to do it ( if you can even call selling a product that , imo you ca n't ) . 
  there 's not going to be a world crisis if we do n't force netflix to pay for content nobody wants to watch . 
   certain europeans sometimes i wonder if people actually like them or whether it 's just posturing , similar to how people will ooh and ah at empty canvases in museums . 
  personally , i 've never seen anything but disdain for them , and everyone i know just watches american stuff . 
  they 're valid for 5 years . 
  obviously , if the height is incorrect for children nobody makes a fuss . 
  they are only mandatory from age 14 anyway , so there 's really only one card where there 's going to be a discrepancy . 
  you do n't necessarily need an id card anyway , a driver 's license ( or a passport , obviously ) is also recognized as a form of id . 
  however , the id card is valid for travel throughout the schengen area ( and some other countries ) and the driver 's license is not . 
  that certainly seems slightly overdone . 
  ours just have name , date and place of birth , sex , nationality , height , and a picture . 
  why were they going so crazy ? 
   is the department corrupt or is the person leading the charge against corruption trying to put their own loyal people in positions of power . 
  likely both . 
  as expected . 
  i do n't see the point . 
  you have a dutch flag yourself . 
  surely you can read dutch then ? 
  it 's normal for national subs to be in the national language . 
  it used to be fine . 
  the mods were always lefties but you saw all kinds of people there , more or less . 
  it seems to have changed , well , more or less a year ago . 
   i bet the mods ate their hats when they saw the fvd winning 2 seats . 
  they seem to still have them on . 
  me too !, 
  do n't remember what i did , but i certainly did n't have a sudden change of behaviour . 
  never even got a warning , and i was always way nicer there than i ever was even here ( where i 've never had , or caused , trouble ) . 
  i sent modmail and they did not respond . 
  they should at least have banned me regularly imo if they wanted me gone . 
  / r/thenetherlands shadowbanned me about a year ago . 
  not even regular-banned but shadowbanned . 
  if i post or comment there it just does n't show up , except when i 'm logged in . 
  they did n't tell me either , just one day i noticed i got no karma either positive or negative anymore and went and checked . 
  i asked them why via modmail but they did n't respond . 
  i always behaved nicely there , never broke a rule , never got so much as a warning and i always made sure i kept myself in check there , more so than anywhere else on reddit , so no idea what i did . 
  but apparently they 've become the shadowbanny type . 
  coal causes more damage on average than nuclear does , per generated watt-hour . 
  that is including the fallout from chernobyl and fukushima , and those were caused by shitty reactor design and a very lackadaisical safety regime . 
  modern nuclear power plants do n't do that if you try on purpose . 
  it does n't really matter . 
  the parliament is basically just an advisory body , it does n't legislate . 
  even if it did , it still would n't matter : the netherlands only gets 26 seats out of 750 , so what influence could they ever wield ? 
  they 'd get laughed at if they try anything . 
  it pretty much does n't matter who sits there . 
  i get an infinitesimal say in the makeup of a parliamentary group that gets a negligible say in the proceedings of an advisory body that ca n't really do anything in the first place . 
  i do n't know about you , but that certainly gets me out of bed early . 
  he ran as a republican , so support from the fossil fuel industry is a necessity . 
  on top of that , he won over the votes of the ( ex - ) coal mining regions in the rust belt that normally always go democrat due to basically promising them their jobs back .
