   they do nothing but scream about how europe is so evil , while they barely mention other countries . 
  well , that 's not completely true ... 
  they hate israel as well . 
  they are very likely just legalizing things they are already doing . 
   westerners western governments . 
  that only works when - you know where they 're from , and can send them back - their country of origin is actually willing to take them back ( they can just refuse , and there 's little you can really do about it , you ca n't exactly kill the people ) - their country of origin is not in a war . 
  it should also be noted that the american government is actually being * lenient * with the cubans here , normally it 's very hard to get in . 
  turkey did n't * quite * sign the refugee convention , so they do n't have to treat these people as refugees . 
  they managed to get an exception , they only have to accept refugees originating from europe . 
  therefore , the refugees technically have no rights there and turkey does n't count as `` safe '' . 
   it is popular protesting that brought down the wall if you are remember . 
  not really . 
  it might 've been the straw that broke the camel 's back , but the eastern bloc was already collapsing , and without that it would never have happened . 
  hell , the hungarian border had been open for months already . 
  had that protest happened in 1969 instead , it 'd probably have been crushed before it got started . 
  in a similar manner , pegida has no chance either . 
  the social conditions are not right for them to have one . 
  which you should probably be happy about , considering what those social conditions would have to be . 
  [ do n't buy trains from italy !, 
  ] ( https://c1.staticflickr.com/9/8260/10171989844_2d7f13c425_b.jpg ), 
   no-one should be declared innocent before we find the wrongdoer . 
  i remember when it was ` no-one should be declared * guilty * before we find the wrongdoer . ', 
  a while back , there was a german survey on immigration . 
  i do n't remember the exact numbers , but it was more or less equal : about a third wanted less , about a third wanted more , and about a third thought it should be kept the way it is . 
  ( this was before the migrant shit really hit the fan . ), 
  predictably , the left-wing media reported : two-thirds are against reducing immigration . 
  the right-wing media went : two-thirds against increasing immigration . 
  and technically , neither lied . 
  lies , damned lies , and statistics . 
  there are two things going on here : 1 . 
  your position in life depends on where you started . 
  people who have just graduated , started college 4 years ago . 
  people in their 40s started college 20-25 years ago . 
  since women 's rights are better now than they were 20 years ago , today 's women will do better than those of 20 years ago . 
  but this will last throughout their lives : if total equality were to be achieved at this moment , it would take 40 years for this to reflect in the makeup of senior executives , who are all in their 60s . 
  women do tend to stay home with their kids more than men do . 
  if you work less , your career will progress slower , and that will reflect itself in your salary . 
  this seems to be somewhat of an universal : at least in the netherlands , all efforts to make woman work harder have instead lead to men working less . 
  ( though i guess that too is an equalisation of sorts , just not the one they wanted . ), 
  is n't this * exactly * the standard argument in favour of islamic terrorism ? 
  i ca n't even tell if op was trying to be ironic or if he really * is * in favour of violence . 
  ( and to be fair , it 's `` worked '' to an extent , western cultural influence in the middle east is a lot lower than it was 50 years ago , though given that they 're all risking their lives to come here now , i guess it 's not been an overall improvement . ), 
   using warships to keep people from getting here is n't that the whole reason to have them , so we can defend our territory ? 
  you are right , i was wrong . 
  i was off by an order of magnitude . 
  i have changed the post . 
  it was obviously for personal use . 
  it 's just that he drinks a liter per day , and he just bought 30 years ' worth so he does n't have to make the trip so often . 
   not everybody is happy with the food , because breakfast and lunch are the same every day . 
  welcome to the netherlands . 
  if there are 4 million refugees , and 95 % of them are being taken care of locally , then there ought to be only 200.000 here . 
  ~ ~ there are more than that in the netherlands alone . ~ ~ never mind , this is wrong . 
  i was off by an order of magnitude . 
  however , [ germany is expecting 1.5 million , so there still must be more than 200.000 ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/germany-now-expects-1-5-million-refugees-in-2015-report/ ) . 
  is it owned by someone from the political party that decided on this ? 
  because that 's what happened here in the netherlands , where we 've got a similar village . 
  is it all that weird for a catholic school to enroll catholics first ? 
  why even have religious schools if they ca n't `` discriminate '' based on religion ? 
  they would n't be religious schools then , would they ? 
  i 'd actually agree with getting rid of state-sponsored religious education , but if you allow it then this is the natural outcome . 
  are n't there any public schools ? 
  he 's neither european nor a dictator . 
  they have real elections in turkey , at least for now . 
  he 's certainly authoritarian , but that does n't mean you 're a dictator . 
  it is now !, 
   at that rate in a few years they would be the majority in sweden [ according to the wikipedia page on sweden ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sweden ) , the total current population is 9,816,666 . 
  [ according to the wikipedia page on the swedes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedes ) , the current population of actual swedes in sweden is about 7.6 million . 
  this gives us a current population of foreigners of ~ 2.2 million ( 22 % ) . 
  the birth rate for sweden as a whole is slightly below replacement ; i can not for the life of me find statistics broken down by ethnicity , so for simplicity 's sake let 's just ignore it , and assume the amount of swedes will remain constant and the population of foreigners will grow only by immigration . 
  ( muslim birth rates really are n't that high , especially in europe , and not all foreigners are muslims , so i 'm probably not very far off . ), 
  so we need 5.4 million more immigrants . 
  if the current rate holds , d-day is : ( 5.400.000 \u00f7 2000 \u00d7 365.25 ) = ** 7.4 ** years from now . 
  do note that that 's a * foreign * majority , not necessarily a * muslim * one . 
  of course , this is not going to happen . 
  it wo n't go on like this , you 'd probably run out of refugees long before that . 
   well there we go . 
  it 's only hate speech if said about the right group i imagine . 
  which means : ( n.b : i am not a legal translator ! ), 
   he who purposefully and publically insults , verbally or in writing or image , a group of people because of their race , religion , world-view , their hetero - or homosexual orientation , or their physical or mental handicap , will be punished with a prison sentence of at most a year , or a fine of the third category [ at the time of writing , that means \u2264 & euro ; 8100 ] . 
  so no , it does n't matter who the perpetrator is , or what the race of whomever the act is against is , at least legally . 
  of course , enforcement varies . 
  it should be said that enforcement varies in both directions . 
  for example , everyone distributing or even displaying that * charlie hebdo * could 've been punished under this law . 
  a drawing of mohammed has no other use than purposefully insulting muslims , after all . 
  but that did n't happen , though i 'm sure the police got plenty of reports about it . 
  imagine the political fallout if they * had * done so !, 
  and so they did n't . 
  it all depends on which way the wind is blowing . 
  they 've been cracking down on `` racism on the internet '' , which means the people saying `` monkeys ! '', 
  wo n't be tolerated for now , not even if it 's just some post on a facebook page somewhere . 
  the muslims going `` behead those who insult islam ! '', 
  are currently mostly left alone , because they are not the target of the current crackdown . 
  but if wilders were to take power , this would reverse . 
  all without a single change to the law . 
  the romans also controlled both sides of the mediterranean . 
   a lot of it is brigading `` this subreddit has become unsupportive of mass immigration . 
  this is probably due to an influx of new people with different views - we ought to try and get rid of them , and get our subreddit back the way it was . '', 
  finally , a solution to the migrant problem . 
  they were trying to bully him into giving up , which he eventually did . 
  might as well just start tattooing people 's criminal records on their heads .
