  the people who run the echr are by and large not from your country , do not know your society , if you 're a smaller country in all likelihood they do n't even speak your language . 
  these people have no way of knowing why our societies and laws are the way they are , even assuming that they care . 
  you end up having your legal system overruled by someone who has only ever visited your country on a junket . 
  even assuming there is no corruption or national loyalties involved , this ca n't be a very good idea . 
  i 'd much rather run it in-house with people whose loyalty and situational knowledge we can be certain of . 
   would just send the best of those 7x as many . 
  if the eu had to send an olympic team , that 's probably the last thing that would happen . 
  it 'd be a giant bureaucratic clusterfuck where every member state , every minority group , and every special interest would need to have their influence felt , and there would n't be a single thought about whether the ` representatives ' can actually do their sports . 
  we 'd not win a single medal . 
  what 's wrong with the voting map ? 
  i know why the other two are stupid , but i ca n't see the issue with the map . 
  do n't all politicians try to get elected ? 
  i 'm assuming the map lines up with constituencies , and with a constituency system if they both want to be in parliament it makes sense that they 'd cooperate . 
  it 's not true . 
  the labour party just put in their energy agreement that they want to * strive toward * ( i.e. 
  do fuck-all , but it looks ` progressive ' on paper ) only selling electric cars from 2025 onward . 
  there was some controversy when they did that , because other people in the parliament thought even expressing the idea was stupid . 
  it then got misreported by some environmental hippies in america , and now this story is making the rounds everywhere . 
  it should be obvious in any case , because electric cars are n't really up to the task yet , and wo n't be in ten years either . 
  they take far too long to charge , even if there were charging infrastructure which there is n't , so long drives are out . 
  until there are the equivalent of petrol stations by the roadside everywhere , where you can recharge your car in five minutes no matter what make it is , electric cars are only of limited use . 
  no , we 're not going to ban cars , and the dutch government 's lack of investment in any of these things , whether it be infrastructure or better battery technology , shows its * real * attitude towards electric cars . 
  besides : when electric cars are ready for use , you wo n't need a law . 
  everyone will go electric as soon as it is viable , because petrol costs an arm and a leg here . 
  the only reason we 're even still a country is that we have some very strategic territory . 
  most ocean shipping in and out of europe comes through our territory . 
  back when there were the great powers , neither england , france , nor germany would trust the others with this strategic advantage , so they made us swear neutrality and then left us be . 
  this way `` nobody '' had it , at least nobody important . 
  it 's also quite understandable that kaiser wilhelm would care about this , but hitler would not . 
   having applied to uni 's where their attendance was predictably non-existent ? 
  would n't that be a huge waste of money , to pay some huge fee for university and then not use it ? 
  especially if you just want cheap labour for a restaurant , it wo n't be so cheap anymore if you do this . 
   divide and conquer / s you say / s , but that 's basically the only plausible reason i can think of . 
  cause a bunch of ethnic strife and people will be far too busy with that to pay you any attention . 
  it 's not legal in the netherlands either , the ban is just not enforced . 
  ( pro tip : if you run a coffee shop , do n't make the wrong enemies or they 'll make an exception to the exception ... ), 
  it 's not actually true . 
  the law merely says they have to `` strive toward '' selling only electric cars from 2025 , which is politician-speak for `` not actually going to happen . '', 
  it 's just symbol politics . 
  which is a good thing , because electric cars are too expensive and impractical to serve as much more than a status marker for now . 
  you ca n't even charge them anywhere . 
  if you want to own an electric car , you also have to own a villa with a garage to have the charger installed . 
  and you need to not actually have to drive anywhere , because you ca n't just fill it up during a journey , a journey must start and end at home and not last more than a few hours . 
  and then it has to charge overnight before it is usable again . 
  so it 's the perfect car for a posh amsterdammer who wants to show he 's not only rich but ecologically conscious as well , and everyone else can go fuck themselves , as is tradition in our politics . 
  if electric cars ever become a viable replacement for ordinary people to use ( which they might , but not in ten years , and there needs to be charging infrastructure ) , ordinary people will buy them and you wo n't need a law . 
  often they do n't even need encryption . 
  attacks have been planned in the clear over facebook before . 
  it 's not like you can monitor all of facebook , it 's too big . 
  they 've been doing this for years though . 
  the original intent was to hurt spambots . 
  if they block a spambot 's account from upvoting , the bot can notice it 's not having an effect anymore and create a new account , but if the numbers keep changing , this does n't work . 
  the numbers shown are supposedly within 10 % of the real numbers , but randomized a bit so that an account ca n't really tell if its votes are going through . 
  there used to be separate upvote and downvote information for comments as well , but that got dropped entirely . 
  they 're probably doing vote manipulation as well , though , they do the same to r/the _ donald ( though to be fair in that case , / r/the _ donald started it by abusing stickies to get posts into r/all , and it got so bad at one point that the top of / r/all was dominated by r/the _ donald all the time ) . 
  if erdogan goes too far in courting russia , the us will probably just depose him . 
  they 're not going to kick turkey out of nato . 
  if you really manage to screw up badly , you 're sol . 
  but in practice it 's not that dire . 
  there are strict renter protection laws , so you ca n't just be kicked out of your home . 
  evicting people is really , really , really hard . 
  in general even your parents ca n't just kick you out without a good reason . 
  even if people are squatting in your place you ca n't just kick them out without a judge . 
  ( of course , this is also why people are so reluctant to rent places out , and that then makes it hard to find a place . ), 
  if you lose your job , you wo n't just be out in the street . 
  what will generally happen is that you can then get welfare and a rent subsidy if needed ( to a certain extent ) , and then you can stay there basically forever . 
  you do n't get in the `` ca n't register for things because i do n't have an address '' trap that way , and you wo n't be homeless . 
  it 's not the usa here . 
  it 's hard to * find * a place to live , but it 's really hard to lose it too . 
  the people who really have it that bad are n't even 1 % of the population . 
  this is well within the standards for a developed country . 
  nevertheless they do exist . 
  ( which is exactly why i was so surprised that apparently in germany it 's even better . 
  you always hear about housing shortages , not just here but in scandinavia as well , so it 's surprising to me that in germany you can just go `` i need a home '' and they 'll just have one ready for you within a few weeks . 
  that was the really surprising part . ), 
   we pay 25 billion annually to the eu , and you 're saying we ca n't afford to house our own people ? 
  it seems like you actually can , and kudos for that . 
  if all of this is actually true then you are doing it right . 
  i 'm mostly astonished at it , not critical . 
  we do n't even come close . 
  people freeze to death in the parks every winter here . 
  ( in principle there are shelters but in practice they are full . ), 
  people live in the bus stops sometimes . 
  it 's not even that hard to find people who plainly do n't have enough to eat . 
  waiting lists for social housing ( and that 's by far most housing for rent ) stretch into the decades . 
  private housing has rents of over a thousand euros a month , and they generally require you make at least 4 \u00d7 the rent in salary per month for them to even rent it to you . 
  buying a place costs at least a hundred thousand euros ( and then you 'll have a hovel in a remote village ) , and then you will have to pay property taxes through the nose . 
  and you guys `` of-fucking-course '' make sure everyone has a place . 
  we still pay the eu a lot though . 
  but not 25 billion . 
  is germany some kind of post-scarcity utopia ? 
  to be `` entitled '' to a roof above your head and for the government to then actually honor that ... forget the syrians , why does n't all of europe come claim a flat ? 
  i know a bunch of people who could use some proper living space . 
  in the netherlands we have students squatting in buildings without electricity , and i know because i 've helped repair generators more than once . 
  and these are n't even leftist punks ( well some are ) , just people who need somewhere to live . 
  and is that why you 're just letting everyone come in ? 
  hell , i 'd probably do that if i were living in a post-scarcity utopia . 
   and it 's not like they 're spending their money for luxury surcharges : they 're spending my taxes . 
  so should n't you be concerned about where your taxes are going ? 
   depends on where you are , around 1 week if you live in a small city since they can stick you to the suburbs .
