  the national front is the only front the nation needs !, 
  the nazis fought russia , therefore whoever is against russia is a nazi . 
  obviously . 
  well , the usa is ` allied ' with saudi arabia , so obviously they can do no wrong and neither can any of their lackeys . 
  that leaves iran . 
   do n't fuck this one up france , please so now all of a sudden a female president is a bad thing ? 
  :-p ( she wo n't win . 
  she 's polling at ~ 25 % , but you 're either a le pen voter or you 're not , so she 'll win the first round and then she 'll lose the second round no matter who she 's up against . 
  she 's not ever going to get a much higher percentage in the second round than she will in the first round . 
  a trump situation can not occur due to the two-round system . ), 
   poland saw a drop in crime once they joined the eu , which is great for them . 
  no doubt all their criminals came here . 
  still , criminal poles are generally thieves , not murderers , torturers or rapists . 
  some other ethnic groups have far worse reputations . 
  and it 's been decreasing . 
  i remember when the poles were just new , car theft was rampant and our power grid became the `` polish copper mine '' . 
  constant outages , especially with the trains since their wiring is all above-ground . 
  loads of crispy poles too . 
  all of that has mostly stopped since , if anything the poles are probably less criminal than natives now . 
  ( maybe all the bad ones got fried ... ) but we ca n't get a grip on for example the moroccans , we 've consistently failed for decades and there 's no improvement . 
  well , if it 's a right-wing outlet reporting on swedish migrant trouble , you would n't trust them , because it 's their agenda to make it look as bad as possible ; but al-jazeera is about as far from a right-wing outlet as you can get , and they 're * still * reporting on swedish migrant trouble . 
  al-jazeera , being muslim , has all the incentive to make their fellow muslims look good and they * still * report on swedish migrant trouble . 
  so there must be * some * truth to it , even if the things you read on r \\ the_donald are obviously exaggerated . 
  the people in frontex are obviously in favour of what 's happening , otherwise you 'd see obstructionism . 
  if we 'd ever want a frontex that would actually guard the borders , we 'd probably have to fire everyone involved with the current frontex down to the janitors and replace them with people we know are loyal . 
  i also do n't think it 's anywhere near feasible to change the regulations . 
  most of it is backed by the european court of human rights , an organisation for which there is no official way of political influence . 
  we 'd have to somehow get that dissolved first , and that 's obviously not happening . 
  but individual countries * can * try to stop frontex from strengthening , and that 's the only feasible way of obstructing further unregulated migration for now . 
  le pen will not win . 
  france has a two-stage election process , whereby if there is n't a 50 % majority in the first stage , the two front-runners will go on to the second round . 
  le pen is someone that people either vote for or not . 
  she 's not going to get any extra votes in the second round . 
  if she gets 30 % in the first round , she 'll get 30 % in the second round . 
  in a race between le pen and anyone else , everyone but the le pen voters will vote for the other guy no matter who it is . 
  the only way for her to ever win is to win the first round with  50 % , and that 's not going to happen . 
  the netherlands import a lot of stuff from outside the eu , and then re-export it to the rest of the eu , due to the rotterdam harbour . 
  it makes it look like we export a lot , but really all that is happening is the rest of the eu using the harbour in rotterdam . 
  frontex is just a ferry service , though . 
  more resources for frontex means * more * migrants . 
  if frontex is starved of resources , they can afford fewer ships to go pick people up in libya and bring them to italy . 
  if we could have actual border guards , that would be different of course , but frontex is so `` humanitarian '' they 'll actively help migrants . 
  god forbid we can take a joke . 
  it 's ridiculous to get this hysterical about it . 
  as if there are n't any real problems . 
  well it is * now * ... 
  well , that 's the bits without basically free power . 
   belgian nuclear power plants just at the border seem to be barely operating and have to shut down several times a day because there 's always something wrong with them ( leaks and such ) . 
  that 's due to the famed belgian approach to maintenance , worsened by the famed belgian approach to regulations . 
  it 's like saying it 's a bad idea to have roads , just because the belgian ones are never in any usable state . 
   except that many nations do n't take a good line with those who drop that nationality , even preventing them from visiting . 
  this is not our fault . 
  this is not anything we have anything to do with . 
  if that country 's citizens want it to change , they should take it up with their own government ; in the meantime they know what the consequences are . 
  we are not responsible for the mitigation of the misdeeds of every tinpot dictator . 
  that said , i think naturalization ought to be pretty much nonexistent , only allowed in very exceptional circumstances ( such as e.g. 
  ( ex - ) iraqi translators for western armies ) , not just offered to everyone who manages to spend a few years here , like it is now . 
  that would solve pretty much all immigration problems . 
  the sane solution would just be that the countries that want to ban it ban it , and the countries that do n't want to ban it do n't ban it . 
  of course , this would n't be the eu if a sane solution were possible . 
  you also need time . 
  most people have jobs and ca n't just go travel on a whim . 
  you can go on holiday once a year , but you have to plan ahead for that anyway so you could just get a passport . 
  people have been visiting the spanish beaches since franco was still in power , so you do n't even need democracy for that , let alone the eu . 
  if you can just feel like going to poland , so you drop everything out of your hands and get on the next plane to krakow right there and then , without having to worry about anything else , then you 're probably not very ordinary . 
   travel freely within the eu without border controls or into it , apparently . 
  and free travel does n't matter all that much , most people are n't rich enough to constantly be traveling anyway and it 's not hard to just get a passport if you do need to travel . 
  east germany also legalized gay sex before west germany did . 
  it 's not a specifically anti-jewish measure . 
  she says she wants to disallow dual citizenships with non-european countries , and israel just happens to not be in europe . 
  of course , stating it this way makes for a dramatic headline . 
  not that any of it matters because there 's no way she 'll ever win anyway . 
  the problem is that citizenship gives you a say in governance , at least in democratic european countries . 
  someone with a single citizenship can be trusted with that , because it would be immensely stupid for someone with only one citizenship to try to purposefully trash the country that his fate is tied to . 
  you do n't shit where you eat . 
  someone with more than one citizenship can not be trusted , as he can just move to the other country . 
  someone with dual citizenship is not tied to the country , and can freely destroy it for his own personal gain ( or perhaps for the gain of the other country ) ; someone with only one citizenship would be destroying his own life in the process , as he 'd be trapped in the ruins . 
  an alternative to taking away citizenships could be creating a second-class citizenship , without political rights , for people with dual citizenship . 
  this would revert back to first-class citizenship if they give up the other citizenship . 
   it 's like ... no issue at all ? 
  i wonder ... how 'd you like someone with dual russian citizenship to run for parliament ? 
  even if there 's no overt indication that he has any ill intent ? 
  it was ~ 600 in beijing a while back and that was record-setting apocalyptic pollution . 
  by beijing standards . 
  how the hell do you manage twice that ? 
  it 's seriously going to kill people . 
  in the netherlands pretty much all women over 35 spend their free time in tanning booths , so much that they turn orange over time . 
  ( at least they 're patriotic ... ) that 's almost certainly why the netherlands has such a high rate . 
  lifestyle choices certainly matter . 
  billions more for the state means billions less somewhere else . 
  that * is * going to have an effect . 
  ` the rich ' do live in the same world as the rest of us . 
  it 's not like this money is going to come out of some top-hatted caricature 's vault where it was n't being used . 
  what the * de facto * `` tax break '' is basically doing is reducing operating costs for companies , and just undoing that might well bankrupt a lot of people . 
  companies do compete on price when selling stuff , how much higher would the prices have to be to keep all the companies solvent if they suddenly have to pay lots more taxes ? 
  imagine if tax avoidance was n't a thing and the * de facto * tax rate was the same as the * de jure * tax rate . 
  then just raise the taxes by a couple billion just because you can . 
  everyone would call you crazy , and yet this measure is going to have * exactly the same effect as that * . 
  i 'm actually in favour of making tax avoidance a lot harder ( it 's just a lot fairer if the taxes you pay do n't depend on where you have connections/how clever an accountant you can find ) but in order not to destroy the economy in the process , it will have to be done by officializing the lowered tax rate , which is a ) not something a social democrat can get away with even proposing , let alone signing into law , and b ) not going to end up actually making the state more money . 
  that 'd then also increase the * de facto * tax burden on the population by a couple billion , and that is going to have effects of its own .
