  they ca n't feed their current population . 
  how are they going to get up to 4 billion ? 
  unfortunately , the people who care about climate change are also the people who would actively import every third world migrant that they can , while the people who would protect our borders are all convinced that climate change is a hoax . 
  why do we even let these ngos operate ? 
  since when is human trafficking allowed ? 
  jean raspail is still alive , you know . 
  he 's 91 years old . 
  i wonder what he 's thinking . 
  it seems like he 's not like the brexiteers and their friends , who want europe gone . 
  he wants europe , but he wants a fortress europe that can withstand threats , like russian green men or arab settlers . 
  basically , he says the eu should have different priorities and policies - and he will not cooperate with them until that 's done , whereas western european nationalists say the eu should fuck off entirely . 
  normally you 'd just say ` ik wist niet dat dat niet mocht ' or something like that . 
  but the foreign property investments hugely increase the demand . 
  often enough , the properties are n't even used . 
  it 's a big waste . 
  not to mention that it is not really due to the free market either : russian and chinese rich people like to invest in foreign property mainly because it 'll be out of the reach of their governments , which they quite rightly do n't trust very much . 
  it 's not a good thing for a city to have a lot of unused properties . 
  it 's * also * not a good thing to have a lot of foreign owned properties either : even if they rent them out to locals , it means money going abroad , and it also means they will be out of the reach of national law if there are disputes . 
  the whole situation has basically become wealthy foreigners using housing as [ rai stones ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rai_stones ) , and that 's not a good thing . 
  france also still [ basically controls the economies there ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cfa_franc?wprov=sfla1 ) . 
  who even steals famous art ? 
  why would you ? 
  everyone with a bit of knowledge on the subject would know what it is and who is * supposed * to own it , so you ca n't sell it except maybe to other criminals . 
  doubt it . 
  a modern smartphone would , even a cheap one , but that 's not a modern smartphone . 
  that thing might well supply the rest of the apartment/house as well . 
  it 's not great but it 's enough for a ten minute shower if you turn it on first . 
  my grandparents had one , they 're not really used anymore nowadays except in old unrenovated buildings . 
   with a few flying machines . 
  that makes some sense though . 
  they had just been invented , and it would 've captured everyone 's imagination . 
  they [ missed one ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-e7lszopilnw/td7hndtxdgi/aaaaaaaaagk/m_odt0i-5nm/s1600/en-lc2b4an-2000-10.jpg ) . 
  there are about 11 million illegal immigrants in the us . 
  then again , they are changing their tune . 
  trump might become president . 
  if you have a billion dollars , you can just hire a bunch of mercenaries to protect you . 
  hell , you could set yourself up as some kind of feudal warlord . 
  but nothing is going to happen anyway . 
  we 're just going to import electricity from germany . 
  it 'll make our number go down , and their number go up , and nothing will have changed , except now we 're all environmentally friendly and progressive on paper . 
  and our economy will be hurt slightly . 
  if you really want cleaner energy , you need to start with nuclear . 
  modern nuclear power plants are n't chernobyl-type plants anymore . 
  they ca n't really melt down , use barely any fuel , emit very little waste and even that waste only needs to be stored about century before it 's safe . 
  then we need to go research thorium reactors and fusion . 
  but nobody is doing that . 
  ( at least not here , the chinese are most certainly researching this stuff . ), 
  there is n't really that much research left to be done for wind and hydro power , because in the end you 're just driving turbines and we know pretty well how those work already . 
  solar could maybe be improved further , but that does n't matter for us because we do n't get a lot of sunshine . 
  it 's all just for show and bragging rights anyway . 
  the netherlands is responsible for only 0.4 % of global co2 emissions ( [ 158 mt out of a total of 35669 mt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_carbon_dioxide_emissions ) ) . 
  this is negligible . 
  we 're basically too small to have any real impact on the climate either way . ', 
  to put it into perspective , the total emissions from the netherlands are only a third of the total emissions from * international flights * . 
  you could do more for the environment by encouraging people to spend their vacation at home , rather than shut all our power plants down . 
   you consider the eu to be some kind of fascist totalitarian state that only wants an army to kill its own people , for no reason in particular . 
  i do n't think the eu is going to kill people just to show that it can . 
  i * do * think an eu army will give the eu a lot of * real * power to deal with recalcitrant member states . 
  when it comes down to it , whoever is in control of the military has the real power , and with an eu army that will change from the member states to the eu itself . 
  and i do n't think that 's a good idea . 
  it would only make sense if the eu was * already * one country and one people , like the us is . 
  consider the following two scenarios : - juncker : we have a hundred thousand migrants for resettlement into your country . 
  - orban : i do n't think so . 
  - juncker : ... well , we 'll fine you !, 
  we 'll give you a big fine and we 'll call you nazis !, 
  and the echr will send you a * very * strongly worded letter !, 
  - orban : have fun !, 
  versus : - juncker : we have a hundred thousand migrants for resettlement into your country . 
  - orban : i do n't think so . 
  - juncker : will you arrange transport , or shall i give them a military escort ? 
  - orban : no , no , i 'll arrange transport . 
  do n't worry about it ... 
  i think it 's a bad idea . 
  frankly , i do n't trust the eu with weapons . 
  with an army , the eu wo n't really need to care about the member states anymore , they can just intimidate and/or beat anyone into doing their wishes . 
  every last trace of national sovereignty will be gone . 
  the tanks in prague will come from the other side this time . 
  ( hell , czechia is in the visegrad group , so they 're already pissing the eu off . ), 
  and who would our enemies be ? 
  china ? 
  the usa ? 
  a war like that would go nuclear anyway . 
  besides , we already have nato . 
  so then what 's left for the eu army to do ? 
  i can really only see it used against our own population . 
  and for that it 'll work really well : you can even get around the fact that armies do n't like to attack their own people by , for example , sending polish soldiers to quell an uprising in greece . 
  apart from that , they could also use it for adventurism in the middle east , and i do n't think that that 's a good idea either . 
  i hear it 's booming !, 
  kind of , i guess . 
  what is officially allowed and what they could get away with in practice are two very different things . 
  the king still has some powers too , officially . 
  i think technically he could refuse to sign a law , but he knows better than to try . 
  there 'd be an uproar . 
  he might lose his throne if he becomes too impopular . 
  that said , he has a * huge * amount of informal influence . 
  but then again , he has to be * very * careful not to have any `` official '' opinions on anything , lest he be seen wielding influence . 
  etc , etc. 
  i think that in general , at that level of society , at least in this country , pretty much everything is done informally anyway , at least at first , and what you can and ca n't do depends on the current mood at least as much as it does on actual laws . 
  for example , remember that ukrainian treaty referendum ? 
  it was non-binding , so parliament could choose whether or not they 'd accept it .
