  otoh it 's allowed to take a picture of your ballot in the booth , so that 's already possible . 
  that 's not really necessary in the netherlands . 
  the polling booths are open from 7.30 am to 9pm , there 's almost guaranteed to be one within walking distance from your home or your job ( as long as you do n't live on a farm out in the sticks ) , and if you * really * ca n't make it , you can easily authorize someone else to vote for you without any bureaucracy involved ( just write his name on the back of your voter card and hand it over ) . 
  we vote on wednesdays because many of the polling stations are in elementary schools , and those are closed on wednesday afternoon anyway , so there 's less interference than there would be on other days . 
  if we ever need the sgp not to get any seats we can schedule the election on a sunday . 
  but not on facebook , it 'll get deleted . 
   upside-down polish flag that 's the indonesian flag , but perhaps polandball is the closest thing to geography they 've ever seen . 
  well , there are n't a lot of actual dutch people on hand in turkey , so obviously they had to settle for the oranges . 
  one imagines that if the greeks had already gotten out , they 'd have settled for trampling baklava instead . 
   pvv is likely to hit majority on their own ... 
  it 'd be the first time in history for anyone to manage that . 
  i very much doubt it . 
  the pvv could 've been a lot bigger than they are already if wilders were n't such a caricature . 
  close all the mosques , really ? 
  i hope we can have a more decent and realistic right-wing party . 
  i 'm thinking about voting fvd just to see how they 'll do . 
   also the host country . 
  funny how we never have trouble with the chinese , or the iranians , or the armenians , or the indonesians . 
  not that they 're necessarily integrated either , they just do n't cause trouble . 
  hell , the iranians are even muslim , so we ca n't even blame islam . 
  he should 've waited until after the elections . 
  nobody wants to look weak now . 
  had he done this next week nothing would 've happened . 
  he puts up a tough face against random moroccan criminals . 
  however , [ he 's been on the moroccan government 's payroll before ] ( https://www.trouw.nl/home/aboutaleb-adviseur-overheid~a8e5c3f4/ ) and [ still maintains ties ] ( http://nieuws.marokko.nl/46308/aboutaleb-op-werkbezoek-in-marokko-video/ ) , so i think he would n't go against the moroccan government 's wishes too easily . 
  if the moroccan government wanted to send people here to campaign , he 'd cooperate fully . 
   ahmed aboutaleb is a national treasure and hero . 
  let 's be honest here , if it had been moroccans instead of turks he would 've been 100 % in favour of it . 
  rotterdam = turkish donbass . 
  also known as d & ouml ; nerbass . 
  turks and moroccans are n't really allies . 
   dutch citizens that does n't mean a thing anymore , we hand citizenship out to anybody nowadays . 
  you want dutch citizenship ? 
  just apply for asylum . 
  you 'll very likely be rejected , but that does n't matter . 
  as a rejected asylum seeker , you have not only the right to stay in the netherlands indefinitely , but you even have the right to government-supplied food and housing ( under the ` bed-bath-bread ' ruling ) . 
  then you just wait for the next general pardon , we have one of those every other year . 
  voila : dual citizenship ( because you can keep your old citizenship ) . 
  then you can bring in the rest of your country under family reunification rules . 
  * no swamp for you !, 
   war criminal that kind of comes with the job , though . 
  no doubt trump will be a war criminal too once he 's done . 
  you ca n't police the world without using force , and i 'm sure that withdrawal would cause a huge amount of suffering as well . 
  the usa is propping up so many governments all over the world . 
   it 's a big risk for gl though guaranteed that it 's going to happen again . 
  vvd has been trying to win pvv votes with harsh rhetoric about migrants , so gl will no doubt start with : let more migrants in , automatic pardons , strong discrimination laws . 
  vvd will then no doubt say : ok , you 've got it , but then in return we want more coal plants , we want looser environmental regulations , we want more privatization , we want tax breaks for our friends . 
  result : vvd has n't really given anything up that they cared about ( they 're still the big business party , not like they actually care much about immigration or have a lot to lose there ) , while gl has given up most of their environmental plans and has aided the vvd 's crony capitalism , so next round they lose both their ` green ' voters and their ` left ' voters . 
  because all the other parties get foreign donations too , and because such a measure would be incredibly easy to circumvent anyway . 
  probably not , unless you ban donations completely . 
  as long as it 's legal for citizens to donate to parties , there 's nothing to stop outside interests from funneling the money through citizens . 
  when they try , the echr fines them . 
   i 'm sure trump would love if we put up tarrifs on them and invited american carmakers instead . 
  you 'd have american cars though . 
  forget the germans , you 'll end up nostalgic for the russians . 
  if this keeps up you 're going to get a whole bunch of immigrants from western europe in a decade or so . 
  whatever you do , do n't give them voting rights , they 'll still vote for bleeding hearts even after having fled the consequences . 
  what school is going to hire an afd politician ? 
  what school is going to hire an ex-afd politician who got kicked out for * going too far * ? 
  i do n't think everything said in reddit comments is meant as a serious political proposal . 
  that said , even the council of europe is just its members , so if there really were widespread support for reinstatement of capital punishment across europe , i 'm sure it could be done without having to withdraw . 
  the protocol that 's against it could just be voided if there were support for that . 
  it 's probably not even necessary to change anything about the actual laws and treaties as they are written . 
  imagine if there were a right-wing government in most european countries . 
  they could send right-wing judges to the echr , and the other countries would n't complain because they have right-wing governments too . 
  then they get to ` interpret ' the laws as they see fit . 
  this is the same way the americans treat their constitution . 
  where there 's a will , there 's a way . 
  is it really ? 
  you need to study for years to be a lawyer , and even they are often specialized in a certain area of law . 
  if that 's the case , you ca n't expect average people to know the law . 
  it 's probably not possible to simplify the law either . 
  the law is byzantine because it consists of centuries of stacked exceptions for every imaginable interest group ever , to the point where i 'm sure most of the population benefits from at least some of the exceptions , so if you streamline it you just piss everyone off . 
  ( fun fact : when there was an attempt in the usa to simplify the tax code , the association of accountants showed up to lobby against it ... ), 
   i wonder why the swedes have decided on their laws for how they deal with young offenders . 
  the laws were probably made with meek swedish teens in mind , not hardened afghan fighters . 
  it 's not really the migrants , it 's ngos and immigration lawyers . 
   this also means that columbus ' men were already having sex with natives on their first landing . 
  they 'd been on a ship without women for months , what do you expect ? 
  the law is still the law , otherwise you might as well not have laws . 
  i 'm wholly in favour of this ( if a bit peeved that we 're getting another criminal ) . 
  if we had kicked out all the moroccans who assault people , we 'd have so much less trouble . 
  the streets would be a lot safer . 
  it would even be better for the law-abiding moroccan immigrants , which i 'm sure is most of them , who currently get tarred with the same brush as their violent brethren . 
  i 'm sure there would also be a lot less anti-immigrant sentiment . 
  he was n't illegal , but canada revokes your residency permit and sends you home if you commit a serious crime . 
  given how long he already had residency , he could 've just applied for citizenship and gotten it at any time before he decided to assault people , but he apparently just never bothered . 
  he also did n't need to go out and commit crimes . 
  this article looks like it 's written by a starry-eyed 16-year-old , though . 
   `` you get money from us , so think twice before you say anything bad about us '' which is n't even true for the countries that are net contributors . 
  the netherlands is by far the largest per capita net contributor , and there are still these fucking eu signs everywhere . 
  that was our money in the first place that you are so generously donating , assholes . 
  at least have the decency not to put those signs up . 
  we have to be grateful we get some of it back , apparently . 
   they ca n't really serve in the turkish military because they would lose their dutch passport if they did . 
  that rule only applies to enemy forces and turkey is n't an enemy . 
  ( and even then it 's not actually done , it 's a contentious issue to even * suggest * to apply this to is fighters of all people . ), 
  they are in nato so we are in fact allies . 
  there are people who go and serve and then come back . 
   i wish we did , but it is n't happening .
