  any north korean caught watching will have their entire family sent to a concentration camp . 
  besides , all radios and tvs have their tuners disabled by the government , and bypassing it also gets your entire family sent to a concentration camp . 
  i doubt they 'll have a huge audience . 
   it 's actually more decent than you think http://imgur.com/gallery/a0w8els, 
   whoever wins the civil war in syria , will also start another civil war because this is not a regular 2-sided war , it 's a 5 sided war with al-qaeda and isis . 
  do you think isis or al-qaeda aka al-nusra will stop its activity if assad or fsa wins ? 
  haha , no . 
  a proper win would see the winner establish state control . 
  if it is able to crack down on the others , that 'll mostly be it . 
  ( and if it is n't , they have n't won . ), 
  they 'll not go away completely , but with a competent and strong government i 'm sure it can be reduced to the level of , say , neo-nazism in germany , which is also still around but nowhere near powerful enough to send half the country fleeing . 
  inhumane , yes . 
  impractical , surely not . 
  halt the aid and the population will fall . 
  i was n't even trying to imply that the bbc is as bad as the prc . 
  i was just pointing out an example of a `` charter '' not being followed . 
  i think there 's been a bit of a miscommunication here . 
  my point is that * de jure * and * de facto * are different , so you ca n't prove the bbc 's impartiality by pointing at their charter . 
  i 'm not saying that the bbc is suspect for having a charter , and i did n't mean to . 
  i 'm just saying that written words do not necessarily match living reality . 
  the bbc might have impartiality in its charter , but china has freedom of speech in its constitution . 
  now let 's look at their actions . 
  i 'm not even claiming that the bbc has a systematic bias , i 'm just claiming that writing something in a charter does not necessarily bind people to behave accordingly in practice . 
   bbc has a charter which prescribes that it is impartial if they 're honest , they do n't need a charter ; if they 're dishonest , the charter wo n't do anything . 
  it 's a product of its time , though . 
  `` medieval '' islam was far more progressive than the current iterations . 
  they had a civilisation which was in advance of ours at the time , but it collapsed due to external factors and people turned to extremism as it did . 
  if abd-al-wahhab had n't been there , it would 've been someone else doing something similar . 
  it 's as if europe went through a collapse ( let 's say due to this very crisis ) , and we all turned to far-right groups like the golden dawn for protection and solace , but are destroyed to the point where we 're no longer a global player . 
  then , after some time has passed , the solution to the world 's energy problem falls into our leaders ' hands , immediately raising `` us '' up again without actually changing the people 's mindsets back . 
  saying `` the golden dawn screwed everything up '' is not exactly correct here . 
  you did that pretty well . 
  i 'd go with `` how to fight a war '' . 
  because we can tell them ` no ' without being called racist nazis . 
  assuming we 're talking about real refugees , they were n't necessarily poor back in syria , before the war started . 
  i 'm not saying we should follow it , just stating the facts . 
  they are locked in in the sense that they 're not free to roam png territory and affect anything . 
  they are free to leave the camps and go home at any time , the australian government will even pay the transit costs , but they ca n't walk around in either australia or png freely . 
  i actually do n't think this idea in itself is too inhumane in theory ( though it nears the limits ) . 
  it grants safety to those who need it , while putting a total stop to economic or otherwise opportunistic migration . 
  the real problem is that in practice the goals are n't met . 
  the camps are badly run , to the point that human rights abuses occur , sometimes going as far as rape and child abuse . 
  and they 're far enough away that nobody in australia really gives much of a shit . 
  the problem is that they end up having a huge influence on what the public gets to see , and therefore on what goes on in their minds . 
  if you can make people think a certain way , you can make them vote a certain way , and now you have short-circuited democracy , even assuming it was properly democratic to begin with . 
   moreover , how is the eu spending money on arts and culture a problem ? 
  you can control public discourse by subsidizing those you like almost as easily as you can do it by shutting up those you do n't . 
  they 're locked in camps there , they ca n't get out , so their society is not affected . 
  australia pays for the camps . 
   our population will decline by about 12 million in the next 45 years is that necessarily such a bad thing ? 
  with all the automation there wo n't be any jobs either , and you also do n't need constant economic growth if the population shrinks . 
  as long as the economy does n't shrink as fast as the population does , you 'll still be better off per person . 
  pc police in orbanistan ? 
  that would go against the stereotypes at least . 
  it 's stupid anyway to say that ` the belgian people ' were involved in anything . 
  some of your aristocrats were . 
  they 're running out of minorities . 
   making natives minorities in several towns just like us then ? 
   yeap , that would most certainly lead to a quick collapse of eu . 
  why ? 
  the eu will stay as long as the politicians like it , and they do , because it gives them cushy jobs . 
  at this point , you 'll need a violent popular revolution to bring the eu down , and i do n't see that happening very soon . 
   a good reminder to be a bit more inclusive . 
  when you get stabbed and robbed by an immigrant , always remember that you deserved it . 
  he was rightfully acting out against a society that excludes him , one that you are a part of and therefore responsible for . 
  to criminally punish our poor , disaffected immigrant for his actions would be a grave injustice . 
  his act was one of desperation and rightful anger , and he needs help , not punishment . 
  he 's the real victim here . 
   refugees ca n't get a right of permanent stay , and must return home once the situation has stabilized we 'll all be dead of old age before the middle east stabilizes . 
  but there was no great difference in living standards , and the politicians of the day would n't have let them stay anyway . 
  russia tells court to fuck off . 
  they are if you do n't tell the whole story . 
  [ just the state of being in poverty stresses you out enough to take ten points off your iq ] ( http://phys.org/news/2013-08-poverty-cognitive-ten-iq.html ) . 
  ( and no , the causation is n't the other way around - they tested the same people twice . ), 
  [ suffering malnutrition in your youth also stunts your development and gives you an iq hit ] ( http://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2004/11/041117005027.htm ) . 
  so if you test a bunch of starving africans and find that their iqs are lower than the european average , i wo n't be surprised . 
  but if you then claim that it 's because they 're black and therefore inherently dumb , you are not only a racist but you 're also lying . 
   i first thought all the conspiracies about the eu wanting to destroy the nations of europe to create one big super state was bullshit but now it looks like they 're pretty open about wanting to turn all our unique special countries into bland cultureless masses like us states . 
  [ ahem . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-18519395 ), 
  that 's one misleading title , then . 
  we demand a desperate person begs . 
  an entitled person demands . 
  just 30 years ago they were all about the `` fraternity of peoples '' . 
   when life was shitty in europe , europeans chose to ~ ~ work hard and turn things around . ~ ~ move to the new world en masse and displace the native population . 
  ftfy, 
   no , telegraaf is one of the few ` rightish ' papers do note that this does not mean ` better ' . 
  skew is skew . 
  you really need to read people from both sides if you want to get a somewhat clear picture . 
  `` the americans have landed on the moon ! '', 
  `` what , all of them ? '', 
  `` no , just three of them . '', 
  `` why are you bothering me then ? '', 
   if china goes to war with the us shipping cheap consumer goods to europe wo n't be a concern of theirs in any way . 
  and a bunch of railroads are n't really difficult targets for the us military to hit . 
  if there 's an actual war , then everyone is fucked . 
  however , if the us goes `` we 're blocking the malacca strait until you give the spratly islands back '' , now china 's trade with europe is shut off . 
  china ca n't simply shoot the us navy out of the way , that would start ww3 , so they 'd have no other option than to just give in . 
  or find another route . 
  conversely , the us is n't looking to start ww3 either , so they 're very unlikely to start bombing railways on chinese or russian soil , so the railways are safe .
