  even today there are small islands in the caribbean and the pacific with populations in the single thousands . 
  in theory of course they could eventually replace the coal plants with some form of clean energy , but that 's not viable yet . 
  but it makes me think a bit of the plan of our greens ( in the netherlands ) to shut down all our coal plants . 
  * we * 'd have less emissions , sure , but we 'd have to make up for the shortfall by importing power from german ... coal plants . 
  which are actually dirtier than ours because of less strict emissions standards . 
  it 's hard to immigrate into the us legally . 
  and illegals are obviously not counted , but even they will have to work for a living , because there are no handouts . 
  nobody goes to the us expecting to be taken care of . 
  europe takes everyone who walks across the borders . 
  sweden especially . 
  free handouts for everyone . 
  no shit there 's a difference . 
  taking the fight out of the enemy is sometimes easier than taking the enemy out of the fight . 
  similarly , during the korean war , the communists printed [ pamphlets like these ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kcecn.jpg ) and apparently had decent success with them . 
  and in the vietnam war , the soviets spent more money on american anti-war protesters than on the vietcong . 
  if you had better arguments than `` current year '' it might 've . 
  zero emissions , sure . 
  from the train itself . 
  by that standard , electric trains have no emission either . 
  you still need to produce the hydrogen , which takes energy . 
  a normal electric train would probably be more energy efficient , and also a lot less dangerous ( hydrogen is kind of flammable ) . 
  but within the eu , there can not be european nations at all . 
  as long as there are still recognizable dutchmen , frenchmen , spaniards etc , the eu will not be stable . 
  the cultural differences are too large , and there will always be too much regionalism . 
  there 'll need to be a harmonized , standard european with a cen reference . 
  not that i think that that 's even possible . 
  the soviet union never managed either , the ` homo sovieticus ' never came to be , and as soon as the thumbscrews were loosened a bit everybody suddenly remembered what they really were ( and promptly resumed killing one another ) . 
  and the eu will not even get that far - juncker might be a drunk but he 's no stalin , and that 's the kind of totalitarian you need to be to even put up a facade . 
   i 've lost count of how many times germany has tried to conquer europe two . 
  ( so perhaps we should put gabe newell in charge of germany . ), 
  they just have to wait for a general pardon . 
  people just wo n't hire women . 
  ( maternity leave already makes people reluctant . ), 
  then presumably they counter with quotas to fix * that * ... what always amazes me is how people do n't see that , despite it sounding `` progressive '' , all this really does is help big businesses at the cost of the rest of society . 
  a big company can take a hit like this , but their smaller competitors will go bankrupt ; then the big company can just raise its prices to make up for the loss in efficiency . 
  the same is true of most other regulations . 
  and yet these kinds of regulations are often supported by `` socialists '' who demand `` fairness '' and want to `` stick it to the man '' , but the exact opposite of that is happening . 
  meanwhile , for ordinary people the cost of living goes up , small companies are screwed over , starting a business becomes harder , and women are going to find it hard to find a job with a law like this . 
   if we did n't have the eu that would still need to happen , it would just be even more undemocratic because it would all be done under trade negotiations and treaties . 
  but we would have our own courts be the final arbiter of our own laws again . 
  trade negotiations and treaties would presumably be just that : about trade , perhaps about standards , but not about political stuff . 
  and they would be between countries , so if you really ca n't figure out a deal with a country you can just * not * have a deal with them without immediately making an enemy out of everybody else . 
  for example , due to the eu we ca n't have life imprisonment anymore . 
  this is just a level of foreign control over our justice system that i 'm not comfortable with . 
  why should we give such things out of hand to foreigners ? 
  surely we know what our country is like , and what punishments are appropriate here in what situations , better than people who do n't speak our language and have never been here except on official visits ? 
  the eu should at least be limited in its decision authority . 
  ( this would also stop national governments from using the eu to push unpopular policies through , which is a thing that happens and does the eu no good if you want to keep it . ), 
   real fears of nexit not happening . 
  we 'll probably stay in the eu even if except for us only germany is left . 
  before the euro , our guilder was nothing but a mark anyway . 
  we need the trade and germany needs our harbour . 
  only the pvv even wants a referendum on it , and nobody is going to let wilders anywhere near a coalition again . 
  most of them are n't syrians . 
  we just had a ship full of * bangladeshis * arrive , for god 's sake . 
  everyone is coming . 
  syria might 've kicked it off , but now they have seen that we ca n't / wo n't enforce our borders so * everyone * is coming . 
  this stops only when * we * stop it . 
  they came all the way from bangladesh !, 
  and this is happening daily now . 
  i do n't want to say `` camp of the saints '' but we 're getting there . 
  it 's very hard when you have to abide by a bunch of laws and your adversary does n't . 
  luckily , international law ca n't really be enforced , so we do n't need to treat it with any more respect than the rest of the world does . 
  all we need to do is find our spine . 
   tackling multinationals to make them pay the fair share except if you do that , they just move and then you get no tax income from them at all . 
   if they flee to a richer neighbouring country , those richer inhabitants will in turn flee somewhere else . 
  not everywhere is like the west , where compassion with strangers seems to have become the paramount virtue . 
  most people would respond with force far sooner than that they 'll give up their own homes . 
  and `` defending '' your country from a bunch of starving refugees is not hard if you 're not tied by morals . 
  look at how china sends north koreans back to a certain death - and there are only a few thousand north koreans a year who even try , so there is n't even any kind of pressing need . 
  because there is n't one . 
  none of these people are ever going home , and everyone who asks for asylum is assured that they will get citizenship eventually . 
  ( even if you are rejected , you are not deported , so you just have to wait for a pardon which happens every few years . ), 
  most of them are n't even fleeing anything except poverty . 
  that would be ridiculously skewed , though . 
  uk constituencies are drawn such that they all have more or less the same amount of voters in them , whereas our municipalities vary immensely in size . 
  you ca n't really compare that . 
   the % hurdle is n't such a bad idea if you 're going to do that , it 's better to just make parliament smaller . 
  it has the same effect of raising the amount of votes needed , and you 'll need to pay fewer mp salaries . 
  yeah , if you 're ` native dutch ' ( what 's the proper english term for this ? ), 
  and you say something considered untoward ( by whom , one asks ... ) you 're disqualified from government employment forever , if they get their way . 
  well , they only have 3 seats , not like they can accomplish much . 
  i 'm actually quite relieved , i had expected them to get twice that at least . 
  would n't work . 
  eligible voters are sent a voter card via the mail with their details on it , and then when you go to vote you trade it in for a ballot . 
  at the end of the day , a polling station must have a matching number of voter cards and ballots . 
  putting extra ballots in would be detected immediately . 
   well , i guess continental europe knows how to deal with their elections . 
  wilders threw it intentionally . 
  did n't campaign , did n't show up to debates , i did n't even see his posters around . 
  vvd had ads everywhere on top of the dedicated campaign poster boards , the pvv barely even put posters up ( i 've not seen * one * ) . 
  and his `` manifesto '' was literally one page long , with such well-thought-out points as `` no more money to development aid , wind turbines , art , innovation , etc. '' . 
  when he came out with that , even the rest of his fraction got angry . 
  ( and i say ` fraction ' because the party itself is literally only wilders . ), 
  in the 2012 elections , this was different , there were pvv posters up everywhere , they had an actual election programme that had more than one page , but this time around they just did not put the least amount of effort in at all . 
  on top of that , there 's a cordon sanitaire around the pvv . 
  every other party said beforehand that they would not , under any circumstances , form a coalition with them . 
  then there 's the vvd 's stroke of luck that erdogan decided to pick a fight so they could look tough and get wavering pvv voters back . 
  nevertheless , * the pvv is still up four seats * . 
  they tried deliberately to lose , all the other parties wanted them to lose , undecided voters had every reason not to vote for them , and they * went up four seats * and came in second .
