  it seems like moroccans cause lots of trouble everywhere , except in morocco itself , where everything is fine . 
  it seems that the moroccan government has managed to solve the problem of its undesirables by dumping them all here . 
  the eskimos will raise hell . 
  ( and rightly so ! ), 
  and since they have autonomy they can just say ` no ' and then you ca n't put anyone there . 
  if you do n't like her , you should want her to win the 1st round . 
  she 'll suffer a humiliating defeat in the 2nd . 
  it 'll be something like 30/70 . 
  israel technically even bans mixed-race marriage . 
  though they do recognize foreign marriages , so people get around this by just marrying abroad . 
   how is this not true for open-source software ? 
  there are no licensing restrictions , so in theory you can do whatever you want with it . 
  if microsoft decides not to give you windows licenses anymore , or to stop updating something , or drops support , you 're sol . 
  with open-source software you do at least get to keep using it , and if a project is popular enough but goes down the wrong track , someone will fork it , at least in theory . 
  of course , in practice , if you 're a business and you switch to say ubuntu and contract with canonical instead of with microsoft , now you 're de facto beholden to canonical instead of to microsoft , which is not really an improvement in that regard . 
  ( but you are not de jure beholden , and switching to a different flavour of linux is a lot easier than switching to a completely different os , so you 're not as locked-in as you would be with microsoft . 
  and in theory you could just drop any contracts altogether and maintain the software yourself without being sued into oblivion . ), 
  of course , now they 'll raise the prices across the board to make up for the lost roaming charges . 
  people who spend most of their time in their own country will be worse off as a result . 
  so the result is normal people having to basically subsidize jetsetters and international businessmen . 
  yes , but these are hip and trendy and they involve cellphones . 
  it very much is , and if the state does n't offer it , people will find it themselves . 
  it would n't be the first time that people get upset with low punishments and decide to add some on top by themselves . 
  obviously we should n't have lynchings , but if you hurt people you should be hurt back , by the law . 
  no more people getting convicted of assault and then getting 30 hours of community service . 
  ( this actually happened to friends of friends , and a bunch of hooligans were sent after the culprit to convince him not to do it again . 
  this is not how society should be run , but if the state wo n't do it and you want to be safe on the streets , there is no other choice . ), 
  if we 're going to start imprisoning undesirables , what makes you think you get to decide who they are . 
  what makes you think you are n't one yourself ? 
  for the child molesters there 's actually a non-feely-weely argument : you want them to keep their victims alive . 
  if they get the death penalty anyway , they 're better off killing their victims after raping them , as that decreases the chance of being caught while not increasing the punishment . 
  the eu does ban the death penalty . 
  and are hated for it by their opponents . 
  i would 've expected someone to not just not get out of the way , but stop in the middle of the road , get out , and start hurling abuse at the fire truck driver . 
  extra points if it 's a gangsta waving a weapon . 
  i always find this kind of thing a bit hypocritical . 
  now they 're all very demonstratively pro-gay , and no doubt they 'll go paint some more crosswalks and give the coc some extra subsidies , but * nobody is going to be punished . 
  * these teenagers are going to get ` counseling ' and nothing else . 
  then they 'll do it again next week . 
  it 's not even just the gays . 
  there 's a big and growing public order problem . 
  these people walk the streets as if they own them . 
  is it any wonder that they act as if they are untouchable , if they * really are untouchable * ? 
  let 's normalize political violence . 
  only good can come from that . 
  it certainly wo n't provoke retaliation from the other side either . 
  it 's also right up their political alley . 
  they 're also the only ones in the netherlands afaik to have an american-style diversity commission , and they 've been trying to get permission for affirmative action as well . 
  whenever you hear `` society is too white '' there 's `` uva professor [ 's research ] says that '' in front of it . 
  nvm , it went broke . 
  it was to be called park bloeyendaal . 
  but there are more , there 's one near den bosch ( kasteel lelienhuyze ) and there 's one planned near rotterdam ( villapark ringvaartstaete ) . 
   i know my university housed some pretty deluded souls , it 's like a ` beschutte werkplaats ' for intellectuals . 
  uva has a reputation for it * among the other universities * . 
   maybe gated communities like south-africa are in our future ... who knows . 
  ~ ~ there 's one near utrecht already . 
  with security and everything . 
  it 's a bit strange that it 's near utrecht , which is safe to live in for the most part . ~ ~ edit : it went broke . 
  there * is * however kasteel lelienhuyze near den bosch , with a moat and a gated entrance . 
  if anything it shows integration . 
  if you look at the results per polling station in rotterdam , usually either pvv is first and denk is second or the other way around . 
  that means they have to be living side-by-side . 
  in amsterdam , the upper class is almost entirely white ( if not necessarily dutch ) , the lower class is almost entirely non-western immigrants , the middle class basically does n't exist , so everyone is neatly separated and nobody has to ever see one another . 
  result : no pvv . 
  in rotterdam , you can find almost anyone in almost any social class , so people have to deal with one another . 
  result : pvv and denk vying for supremacy . 
  and this is in fact consistent with other multi-ethnic areas , like in the balkans or in africa , where ( if there is functioning democracy , and there is n't some kind of explicit ban ) you get more or less one party per ethnicity . 
  eu money , i think . 
  they seem to really be cheering it on as well . 
  [ we gave them malaria nets and their fertility rate went up 9 % . 
  ] ( https://business.und.edu/undergraduate/economics-and-finance/_files/docs/_spring_2017_papers/mort_fert_malaria_aejap.pdf ), 
   the fertility rates are not that high anymore . 
  [ except in africa . 
  7 children per women is not unknown . 
  5 is probably average by the looks of it . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/2e/countriesbyfertilityrate.svg ) [ furthermore , as problems like malaria are dealt with , these are only rising . 
  ] ( https://business.und.edu/undergraduate/economics-and-finance/_files/docs/_spring_2017_papers/mort_fert_malaria_aejap.pdf ), 
  well , what he 's done now is n't exactly better than that . 
  i 'm not the one running what amounts to a breeding program with the stated goal of social change . 
  they got pregnant , but with people from their own countries . 
  now they get pregnant with people from different countries , resulting in children who belong nowhere , except perhaps to the eu as a whole . 
  it 's a good way for the eu to break up existing national identities over time , i guess . 
  ( we all know it 's not about education . ), 
  ah , yes . 
  the first generation of consciously bred rootless cosmopolitans . 
  how nice . 
  i do n't know what it 's like to belong nowhere , but i ca n't imagine it 's particularly nice . 
   it 's kind of strange the eu is ignoring the one country in the middle of europe that has basically already successfully tested a federalist model for a diverse population . 
  the swiss system allows the actual population far too much say in matters for even national politicians in the rest of europe , let alone eurocrats , to ever agree with . 
  everything is decided as locally as humanly possible , nothing is done without a referendum , and the people can call a referendum on anything . 
  corrupt robber barons do n't like that , since they ca n't make their robbery legal anymore , and idealistic world-improvers like it even less since they ca n't push their latest model for a so-called better society on an unwilling populace anymore . 
  if you ever want to unite the left-wingers and the right-wingers against you , suggest adopting the swiss model . 
  and eurocrats are even worse than national politicians . 
  the idealists are rubbing their hands already at the thought of getting to play le corbusier with 500 million people 's lives , and behind them the big multinationals are anxiously awaiting getting to supply all the concrete . 
  honesty . 
  ok , i 'm never eating at a turkish snackbar ever again . 
  ( then again , i should n't trust dutchmen either apparently . 
  well , i need to lose weight anyway . ), 
  when you think about it , 300.000 really is n't that small a population . 
  a hundred years ago , everyone outside of big cities ( which would 've been the vast majority of the population even in europe ) would spend their entire lives in communities less than a 30th that size .
