  if you use a free system , you 're on your own . 
  everyone with money and influence is in favour of it . 
  even if ttip does not happen now , the exact same thing will happen in a few years , just perhaps under a different name , and they 'll keep it hushed up better . 
  see also : eu constitution . 
   if we can encourage the construction of more public wifi networks and make it easier to use that internet connection to do everything you need , then there will be less incentive to pay a provider . 
  they 'll sue us under ttip and win . 
  this simply ca n't be done anymore . 
   ridiculously small number space in finland 26 ^ 3 \u00d7 10 ^ 3 = 17576000 even if every single finn , babies included , had 3 cars to his name , they still would n't run out , so it seems enough . 
  remember that in the netherlands you 're generally required to repaint your house . 
  if your house looks dilapidated , the municipality will pay you a visit and tell you to fix it . 
  other countries do n't always have such strict rules . 
  i 've seen people repaint only the front of their house , because that 's cheaper and if you ca n't see the back from the street you 're not likely to get any complaints . 
   in scotland we recently awarded our rail franchise to a dutch company and we 're all hoping they can deliver the continental service they promise . 
  boy , are you in for a disappointment . 
  i 'm glad scotland is n't independent or this would 've likely ended in war . 
  further integration , if it goes too far , would be very bad for the netherlands . 
  we would likely literally cease to exist . 
  our dikes , pumps and surge barriers cost a lot of money to maintain . 
  if we end up with a unified european infrastructure budget , eventually one of these will happen : 1 . 
  relocation is deemed more economical than continued dike maintenance in the long term . 
  the land protected by the dikes is appropriated for a pittance , the people are forced off , and the sluices are opened . 
  we 'll end up as a scattered diaspora across europe , most of us will be penniless , and we 'll likely get the same warm welcome in our new homes as the roma get . 
  the wetlands that are left , become a nature sanctuary for birds , and the minister who made this decision will be praised into the heavens by greenpeace and the likes . 
  the ministry of infrastructure is given to a corrupt italian . 
  he steals the money and runs , after all , he does not live behind the dikes and has no personal stake in their maintenance . 
  a good storm later , they fail , and millions drown . 
  the italian minister is given a golden handshake and promoted away to a symbolic post out of the public light . 
  rebuilding is out of the question , it is not worth the money and most of the previous inhabitants are dead anyway . 
  once the people in charge of the dikes do not themselves live behind the dikes , all is lost . 
  and that 's because you only let people in who can provide for themselves . 
  immigration into switzerland is a prize to be won ( similar for the us ) , immigration into the rest of europe tends to be pity taken on basket-cases . 
   that means their economy will still stagnate , unless they can find a way to export even more . 
  if the economy stagnates and the population falls , per capita it is still getting better . 
  you do n't need a huge economy if you do n't have a huge amount of people . 
   student councils should gain actual power , please do n't . 
  student councils are full of whacko nutjobs . 
  you really do n't want to give that kind of people any real power . 
  it might well jeopardize people 's actual education . 
   what is it with politicians ? 
  it 's 20 billion nok they get to spend . 
  of course , * some * of it will go to help the refugees , but they 'll go buy overpriced housing from friends to house the refugees in , they 'll go appoint their whole family as `` refugee center managers '' at generous salaries ... 
  we tried this once before , and it did n't go so well . 
  ask the brits . 
  was n't that done away with in the 1930s ? 
  so did everyone else who has ever hosted the world cup . 
  if it 's a different thing you can make different laws about it . 
  even if it 's not currently the case , laws might still be passed by the next government . 
  for example , in many cases ` civil partnerships ' ca n't adopt children . 
  once both are considered marriage ( i.e. 
  the same thing ) , it becomes a lot harder to have different laws for homosexual marriage . 
  no , that 's / r/european . 
  redditor for 2 years ... you 've been waiting for this moment for a long time . 
  europe is probably the * least * racist place in the world . 
  if we were even half as racist as everyone keeps claiming , we would n't have any immigrants to begin with . 
  you should see how minorities are treated just about everywhere else . 
  india is n't in europe . 
  is n't it more or less the same in the netherlands ? 
  you have to use the provided red pencil , you have to fill up the circle , and you ca n't do anything else . 
  any extra marks or using anything but the provided pencil may be a signal so others can recognize the ballot , so you could plausibly sell votes that way . 
  the * really * stupid thing ( in the netherlands , i mean ) is that it 's apparently perfectly ok to take a selfie with your ballot in the voting booth , so if you 'd want to sell your vote then that 's how you 'd do it . 
  the usa gets the `` good '' immigrants though . 
  you have no welfare to abuse , and it 's far harder to get to the usa than to europe to begin with . 
  you have no welfare abusers and hardly any criminals , only people who are willing to work hard to achieve success . 
  in europe , we actually punish ( would-be ) immigrants for being good people . 
  the immigration rules are fairly strict , but exceptions are always made for people deemed to be ` in need ' . 
  an educated nigerian in a suit probably would n't even get in , but a dirt-poor illiterate `` refugee '' would be taken pity on , given permanent residency , and resettled . 
  if not immediately , then at least after a few years . 
  there are pardons every few years . 
  then , once he 's in , if he wants to work , his welfare is taken away , and he has no skills anyway so it 'll be manual labour at best . 
  so that 's a step back for him . 
  if he wants to commit crime , however , he will be punished lightly , if at all , because the chorus will immediately start singing `` he ca n't help it , he 's traumatized , he needs more help , not punishment . '', 
  then everyone wonders why all the immigrants are criminals and none of them have jobs . 
  i , too , wonder why that could be . 
  perhaps they need more subsidies . 
  all our good actors move to hollywood where they can make more money . 
  i doubt he even knows what a torrent is . 
  they 're all about as computer-literate as ton elias . 
  does n't make him less of an asshole , though . 
  at least we can still sing songs , so it 's ( apparently ) not as bad as gema . 
  you can thank your own disney for that . 
  every time mickey mouse is about to expire , the us extends the copyright terms , and the eu has to ` harmonize ' its laws with yours . 
  the original copyright term lasted 14 years . 
  not 14 years after the author 's death , just 14 years after the work was made . 
  after that it became public domain . 
  yes you can , it happens all the time . 
  hitler just lost his war . 
   let 's say we were talking about the us , a federal republic . 
  would it give up a member state for the sake of saving money if canada or mexico invaded ? 
  the us only has americans in it . 
  americans are divided along racial boundaries , not along national boundaries . 
  and the races live more or less alongside each other . 
  the us army would n't easily give up a state , because it has people like them in it . 
  if there were , say , a 90 % black state , i would n't be so sure that washington would still stand by it in an emergency , especially if the state had no valuable natural resources . 
  ( hell , look at what happened after katrina . ), 
  europe is divided along national boundaries , which means that german and french parents are going to loathe to be made to sacrifice their sons to save far-flung gypsy-land from the russkies . 
  it 's bad enough when it 's your own country that 's under attack . 
  unless you can manage to break down all national identities , this is n't going to work . 
  as long as the germans still know they 're german , and the romanians still know they 're romanian , neither is going to like sacrificing their sons for the other 's sake . 
  for the same reason , a federal europe is n't going to work , not unless you do it soviet-style and just forcefully resettle * everyone * outside their home country , and then maintain a ruthless dictatorship for long enough that everyone forgets who they were . 
  you 're going to need to stamp out everything , from languages down to local foods , if you want the clean break with history that this is going to need .
