  however , they * did * have to make a decision within a certain amount of time . 
  they never did . 
  they did n't want to accept it , and they also did n't want to have to go in front of the country and say : `` we 're rejecting it anyway '' , so they just decided to wait it out until the media forgot about it . 
  technically illegal , but it worked , and nobody is going to care about it . 
  but with all of this said , i do n't think it matters much in practice . 
  if you 're already at the stage where an overwhelming majority of parliament would , for example , agree with banning islam , at that point nothing is going to stop that anyway . 
  even your bundesverfassungsgericht would n't be immune to it at that point . 
  the bundestag and - rat would simply appoint sympathetic judges , at least if i understand how it works . 
  it 's true . 
  funnily enough , it even says so in the constitution . 
  article 120 : `` the constitutionality of acts of parliament and treaties shall not be reviewed by the courts . '', 
  ( [ you can download an english version of the constitution here , though it 's pdf so i ca n't actually link to sections . 
  ] ( https://www.government.nl/binaries/government/documents/regulations/2012/10/18/the-constitution-of-the-kingdom-of-the-netherlands-2008/the-constitution-of-the-kingdom-of-the-netherlands-2008.pdf ) ) i actually think this is a good idea . 
  from a legal perspective it sounds weird , but from a practical perspective , if it were allowed , all that would do is turn the supreme court into an explicitly political body , as has happened in the usa . 
  at least the parliament is elected , courts are n't . 
  well , nazi has become a very stretched term . 
  when the golden dawn , the afd , ukip and donald trump are all called the same thing , it 's not that strange to ask for further clarification . 
  there 's no constitutional court or anything . 
  this is n't the usa . 
  if a law makes it past both houses , it is law . 
  even in the usa , the constitution itself does n't mean much . 
  the supreme court gets to `` interpret '' it whichever way they feel like , which is why appointing judges is always such a big political deal . 
  ( the judges are n't politically neutral , they do n't even try . ), 
    the survey of 1,036 residents in leeds and 1,179 in warsaw found the actual ethnic diversity of a neighbourhood did not have a negative effect on how people felt towards minority ethnic groups . 
  on the contrary , in leeds people living in areas with a higher share of non-white british residents expressed more favourable attitudes towards immigrants and refugees . 
   the people who live in diverse societies , and thus know more about them , are favorable to immigrants and refugees does n't this just say : immigrants like immigration ? 
  because in that case : duh . 
  i 'm imagining the npd can wave this 40 % figure around and go `` in a generation the muslims will have taken over !, 
  '' , so it might work very well to push agendas . 
  and if a significant part of these kids are going to grow up to look like germans , act like germans , speak german and drink beer , then the statistics are not only useless ( because you still do n't know the ethnic make-up of the population ) , but unnecessarily scare-mongering as well . 
  so , the statistics are completely useless then ? 
  in most third-world countries , you can just buy a diploma . 
  who knows how much schooling they have actually had . 
   i often wonder how it is possible that millions , probably billions , of people simply never arrived at the standards of the early 20th century . 
  a lot of it is lack of education . 
  the literacy rate in pakistan is only 56 % . 
  you ca n't expect people to have had biology lessons if they have n't even learned to read . 
  [ mean years of schooling ] ( http://hdr.undp.org/en/content/mean-years-schooling-adults-years ) gives an even better picture : kazakhstan 10.4 turkey 7.6 indonesia 7.5 pakistan 4.7 malaysia 9.5 egypt 6.4 people who have had none or only primary education are much less likely to know about biology . 
  that 's not really the fault of human psychology . 
  as far as i know , the uk has always had the reputation that its working class is especially violent and sadistic . 
  to much liberalism and humanitarianism makes you a sitting duck for everyone who wants to take advantage of you . 
  if you get to the point where you , for example , [ feel guilty that * someone who raped you is then punished for it * ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/norwegian-rape-victim-feels-guilty-the-man-who-raped-him-was-deported-a6975041.html ) i 'd think you 're a bit too liberal . 
  with this and the citizen 's initiatives , switzerland seems by far the most democratic country in europe . 
  is this actually going to change anything ? 
  they 're free to do this , of course ( though if they 're smart they 'll make sure they have decent security in place ) , but in the end you have a little sect of 60 women , not a big change in a major religion . 
  there are loads of small heterodox christian sects too . 
  freedom of religion means that everyone is welcome to set up their own church ( or mosque or what have you ) and preach basically anything as long as they 're not breaking any other laws , so many people do , but they end up being ~ 100 people in a building . 
  it 's fine if it brings them spiritual fulfillment or whatever , but these things do n't exactly change the world , and my guess is neither will this . 
  there are loads of countries that still have nobility . 
  are we going to kick everybody out ? 
  spain , belgium , the netherlands , denmark , sweden , luxembourg , they 'd all have to go . 
   the eu is going to stop their ferry service from north africa to europe . 
  very much doubt it . 
  the more money you give frontex , the better ferry service they will establish . 
  it 's like they 're doing it on purpose . 
  i wonder who is actually gaining from this refugee crisis/immigration policy . 
  it must be some pretty powerful people . 
   simply because the other , the foreign invokes such a strong negative emotional response within them . 
  this total lack of rationality well , it 's them who are going to have to live with the worst of ` the other ' . 
  if you 're upper class , you 're not going to have many problem immigrants around you . 
  the only immigrants you 'll ever see are the ones who 've made it . 
  you 'll also probably be active in all kinds of international circles , due to business or politics or science , which is all international nowadays . 
  so you 'll be interacting with the upper crust of all kinds of foreign societies , and those are the foreigners you 're used to . 
  it 's not hard then to look at the foreigners you know , then at your own working class , and go `` well , the foreigners are * obviously * superior '' . 
  meanwhile , the working-class people have the rejects dumped in their neighbourhoods . 
  the twice-rejected , mind you , rejected first by their own societies and then by ours . 
  there is often a very good reason that societies do n't want these people . 
  then , when they inevitably cause problems , if you complain you 'll just be told you 're a racist ( after all , the people in power only ever see ` good ' foreigners ) and nothing will be done , like in rotherham . 
  meanwhile , the rejects learn that they get to hurt people with impunity . 
  now you ca n't go outside anymore without being harassed by them . 
  it 's certainly your personal interest to make it all go away , and if a party comes by that promises that , you will vote for them . 
  i do n't get that the turkish community do n't fix it themselves . 
  it 's their reputation that 's going down the shitter . 
   i guess the idea is that nazism is in her genes ? 
  yes , we ought to get rid of these & uuml ; ntermenschen and their tainted blood . 
  now that they call the afd nazis , i wonder what they 'll call * actual * nazis if any show up . 
  there 's a world of difference between the afd and for example the golden dawn , and the word ` nazi ' is losing its punch . 
  not really . 
  when the election was held , germany was already in a state of emergency due to the reichstag fire . 
  despite that , the nazis still did not get a majority . 
  then , the enabling act was only signed into law because the communists and quite a bunch of socialists were jailed beforehand , so they could n't be present to vote against . 
  i would n't call it very democratic . 
  something tells me they 're not going to make it very easy to opt out . 
  opting in can currently be done for free over the internet in five minutes , opting out is most probably going to involve days waiting in municipal waiting rooms and two weeks ' wages in administration costs . 
  that is , if people even know they should opt out , it 's not like that is going to be advertised . 
  the whole donor thing is deeply flawed anyway . 
  everyone makes money hand over fist from the organs , except the family of the donor , which i think is not fair . 
  on top of that , doctors are encouraged to let people die instead of treating them so they can take the organs and the hospital can get money for them . 
  as always , normal people are expected to be ` altruistic ' to serve the interests of everyone but themselves . 
  imo we should just have a proper capitalist organ market . 
  legalize and regulate the organ market , and you 'll see the shortages and the resulting corruption go away , you 'll see the organ prices come down for people who need them , and you wo n't need the government to preemptively declare people 's organs public property . 
  it seems to be about people who profited from the previous situation , and people who expect to profit from the reforms . 
  i also wonder what has happened that parents ca n't raise their own children anymore . 
  it 's not like women in the workplace is a new thing . 
  that 's been going on since the industrial revolution , and before that everyone was on farms and the women there were n't exactly idle either . 
  those household where only the man really worked to earn a living were always restricted to the upper class ( and do n't forget that there , the woman 's job was to run the household and oversee all the servants , which might not have been an official job but it would still be a lot of work ) . 
  it filtered down into the middle class for a short while , with rising pay and automation of a lot of household chores , but that was n't to last . 
  nevertheless , birth rates now are ridiculously low , even though today 's women , and men too for the most part , work a great deal less hard than they had to in the 1800s , so to say that the workload is the culprit sounds a bit strange to me . 
  the uk is n't exactly centralized . 
  hell , scotland has a separate * legal system * .
