  they also print their own pounds . 
  no doubt the more left-wing media will decry this as well . 
  if you want to get your way these days , act like an asshole . 
  the biggest asshole gets his way . 
  over here in the netherlands many of them live in enclaves , where pretty much the only way you can tell you 're not * actually * in morocco or turkey or wherever is the weather . 
  they run their own schools , speak their own languages , and use their own media . 
  for all practical purposes these people are raised in their ancestral country . 
  lots of them ca n't even speak dutch properly despite being born and raised here . 
  individuals among them who try to make an attempt to integrate into dutch society can end up punished by their communities , sometimes they are even killed . 
  there is no way to protect them either , as other community members join the police force and then use their position to settle scores . 
  the system can not protect them . 
  of course , this is n't true of all of them , but the people who have successfully integrated do not go to join isis . 
  in belgium it 's probably even worse , because belgium was divided to begin with . 
  it was already a country where ethnic identity really matters . 
  it 's not like the flemings and the walloons get along all that well , certainly not historically . 
  adding a third group in there is just going to get you a three-way split rather than a two-way split . 
  now i 'm wondering where the data for this table came from . 
  wikipedia , citing the imf , claims : hungary $ 13.487 poland $ 13.390 romania $ 9.157 bulgaria $ 6.927 which makes romania slightly worse than turkey and bulgaria is still a lot worse than turkey . 
  perhaps the ways of measuring are different . 
  i was n't all that surprised at bulgaria being worse off than turkey , i just thought it was funny , eu members being wildly outperformed by third-world countries . 
  i do wonder why bulgaria would be so much worse off than the rest of the region . 
  i mean , this puts them in league with countries like namibia ( $ 6.118 ) . 
  what 's up with bulgaria ? 
  they do n't seem to have a crazy dictator or an unstable government or something like that that would hurt the economy . 
  bulgaria is actually worse than turkey , and by quite a lot too . 
  [ according to wikipedia , turkey is at $ 9,562 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkey ) . 
   we 'd send you to jail for fucking around in one . 
  you would n't send someone to jail for catching pokemon in one , right ? 
  it 's not like they are a protected species . 
  if they started dumping waste there you 'd arrest them but at that point they 'd deserve it . 
  why rent prisons if you can just throw them over the border and have them be someone else 's problem for free ? 
   and then there 's this   34,000 convicts released   because that 's not going to end well at all . 
  that 's why he wants visa-free access to europe . 
   unless it was a promise of the vvd to ignore illegal immigrants mostly for the time being , that was it . 
  the vvd initially wanted a strict immigration policy , and gave it up almost completely to the pvda . 
  the pvda also got what they wanted concerning the state broadcasters . 
  in return , the pvda let the vvd run the economy . 
  of course , the vvd does n't really care that much about immigration and just has it in their program to attract wilders voters , so they did n't really lose anything !, 
  and , of course , the `` you can have all the immigration you want , as long as we can sell off all the cheap public housing '' ends up combining into the worst policy ever . 
  roughly translated as `` abuse of legal design options '' . 
  that sounds really easy to abuse for the law as well , it 's basically saying : even if the law allows it , we might decide not to . 
  do n't like someone ? 
  they have ` abused legal design options ' . 
  friends with the ceo ? 
  well , everything * they 're * doing is legal . 
   so whenever they make these grand claims , why are n't journalists either in that setting ( or the following ) asking the inevitable : `` why are you bullshitting ? '', 
  question . 
  just astounds me . 
  if they ask hard-hitting questions , they wo n't be invited back the next time . 
  well , the dutch turned new york into something that bore more than a slight resemblance to the place they 'd come from . 
  paintings from the period make it look like a dutch town . 
  and the previous inhabitants did n't really appreciate it , to say the least . 
  the people make the country . 
  not that there 's anything dutch left in nyc now except for some street names . 
   the $ idea came up to make our economy less competitive post-reunification . 
  wait , * what * ? 
  that must be the worst plan ever . 
  germany is the only country in the whole eu with anything even approaching a manufacturing sector , and even with reunification it still has the best economy . 
  so all an euro would ever do is allow germany to export more cheaply , while making the poorer countries ' imports more expensive . 
  it helps germany 's economy and hurts the rest of the eurozone . 
  if the euro was brought in to hurt germany and help the rest of europe , it 's done the exact opposite of what it was meant for . 
   as an australian , it 's really scary seeing how many europeans think this is a good system . 
  it 's good for the australians . 
  not so much for the migrants , but letting the migrants in would be bad for australia , and even for the migrants it 'd be only good in the short term , because in big enough numbers they 'll turn australia into the same kind of shithole they came from , and then they 'll have to `` flee '' on once more . 
  that actually exists , loads of people do n't have washing machines . 
  if the bbc gets bombed by isil , the next day you 'll see the survivors on tv , talking about how the bbc did kind of have it coming and how the bombers were victims of society , and that they miss their fallen colleagues but that islamophobia is a far bigger problem . 
  if this keeps on , in a decade or two you wo n't be able to tell the difference between the both sides of the mediterranean sea . 
  i think you mean coffers , not coffins . 
   it is n't really a european culture though that 's why the eu will mind if you try to destroy it . 
   if you get men a dna test before they are declared father then we would end up with a bunch of kids with no dads , and no men to place the costs of those kids on it 's not fair to put the costs of these kids onto men who are n't the father either . 
  they have literally nothing to do with it . 
  nope . 
  in fact the nk government is quite a lot like the nazis . 
  there 's a great leader that everyone has to worship , and they even have death camps . 
  they did n't murder a lot of jews , but that 's probably because they did n't have any to begin with - they certainly did murder all the christians , and they still do when they find some . 
  they 're obsessed with blood purity too . 
  if women who go to china come back pregnant they have forced abortions - and then they go to camp for a while . 
  really the only difference is that on top of everything , nk is also starving , while the nazis did at least manage some economic improvement before they started the war . 
  and yet we call the nazis far-right and nk far-left , why is that ? 
  only because the nk government used to call themselves communist ( they 've stopped now ) ? 
  hitler called himself socialist . 
  bernie was bullied off his own stage . 
  i doubt he 'd make a good leader . 
  besides , he 'd open up the borders completely . 
  if you think merkel 's being too generous , you 're * certainly * not going to like bernie , and if you do n't have a problem with merkel you might as well just stick with merkel . 
  if mi6 is smart , they put backdoors in the spying equipment so they can not only tell who is doing what but also who else knows . 
  we used to have the same thing in the netherlands . 
  there 's a team called ajax that was often called ` jews ' . 
  you 'd get rival teams shouting ` antisemitic ' slurs at them . 
  the feyenoord ( a rival team ) supporters would sit in the benches and hiss , mimicking the sound of escaping gas . 
  you 'd also get ajax waving around israeli flags and their fans had a song about ` super jews ' . 
  it was all in good humour , nobody actually hated jews . 
  eventually the muckety-mucks lost their sense of humour , presumably due to the internet and cellphone cameras becoming a big thing and people sharing videos of this online , which would cause image problems with multinational sponsors . 
  ( as you said , it certainly * looks * antisemitic if you do n't know what 's going on . ), 
  they started fining and banning people , and it mostly stopped . 
  from the thread it sounded like this might be a similar thing . 
  you do have to strike a balance . 
  if you never report on it , nobody gets to know about the underlying problems either , at least not until it ends up asserting itself , by which time a lot of unnecessary damage has been done . 
  if there 's a sudden uptick in antisemitism ( or suicide , for that matter ) it ought to be reported on so we can be aware of it , and find out what 's causing it so we can do something about it . 
  * especially * if you do n't want people to start speculating - if it were n't for poland 's lack of muslims everyone 'd be screaming `` muslims ! '',
