  by now . 
  as for posting the pictures , that stops people from going `` if this were true , then where are the pictures ??? '' . 
  the press is n't as trusted as they used to be , and certainly not entirely without reason , and it 's mostly their own doing . 
  they ought to be trying to gain back trust , they also ought to know - and act like - not everyone is taking them at their word anymore . 
  thirdly , [ at least according to this other comment in the thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4ztff6/polish_soccer_fans_set_fire_to_jewish_effigies/d6ynmn6 ) it 's not actually antisemitism , just banter between rival soccer team fans , the way you used to get between ajax and feyenoord before it was cracked down on . 
  i think it 's important to distinguish this from real antisemitism , if only so we do n't devalue the word . 
  there 's a very big difference between soccer banter and dragging jews out of their homes , and if that distinction is not maintained in the language , people will not take it seriously anymore when jews really do get threatened . 
  that has little to do with its design and everything to do with the materials it 's made of . 
  if they cheaped out on the materials for the new ones , they will have the same problems , and if they cheaped out on uniforms before there 's little reason to think they 'd stop doing so . 
  china started out like this too , in the 1980s . 
  it 's a way for the country and its people to earn money when they have no other way , and if you have even a slightly competent government they 'll tax the foreign-owned sweatshops and start investing in education . 
  [ and now , the current generation has pretty much full literacy , and pretty much all of their kids are going to school too ] ( http://www.unicef.org/infobycountry/china_statistics.html ) . 
  and they did n't even have to sell their souls to the imf . 
  in 1980 , they were at the level of zimbabwe . 
  all the while those african countries with their donations and support from the western world oftentimes have n't moved since colonial times , some have even gotten worse . 
  basically , this is what industrialisation does . 
  the early stages look as ugly as they did here in the west , but afterwards things start improving rapidly . 
  and africa is n't really pressured to industrialize because * we 're * propping their pre-industrial societies up at great cost to both us and them . 
  ( of course , it helps that chinese culture already held education in high regard due to how the imperial civil service worked , so people will send their kids to school if it is at all an option . 
  then again , it 's not a prerequisite , most of the west did n't have this before industrialisation either . ), 
  to the point where they scare the * muslims * off ? 
  how the hell did * that * happen ... 
   and mandatory propaganda evenings are held weekly with scented candles ( which cost more than your daily wage ) and shrines to our dear leader , do n't miss or you 'll be caned . 
  it almost sounds like some kind of theocracy , like ancient egypt with their god-pharaohs . 
  it 's similar in the netherlands . 
  the official title is `` king '' . 
  `` queen '' is n't actually a title at all , though it 's used informally . 
  we had over a century of female kings . 
  everyone 'd call them `` queen '' , but legally they were king . 
  this is also why the king 's wife can be a queen , but the queen/king 's husband wo n't ever be called `` king '' . 
  make norway great again !, 
  this is a map of peak ground acceleration . 
  natural earthquakes are caused by the shifting of tectonic plates , so by seeing how fast the ground moves , you can tell how likely earthquakes will be in a region . 
  however , that only measures earthquakes caused by the shifting of tectonic plates . 
  earthquakes caused by the ground sinking due to the deflating gas bubble wo n't show up on this . 
  they were n't in italy either . 
  clothes manufacturing is just a really good fit . 
  kids can do it , it does n't require great physical strength , it does n't require a lot of training . 
  furthermore , the plants themselves are cheap to run and do n't require a lot of pre-existing infrastructure , so they can be run in the kind of hellholes where child labour is normal . 
  add to that the fact that in these very poor places , working in a sweatshop is often the * best * option available for their children . 
  at least that way they have some money for food . 
  there 's going to be a lot less child labour involved in , say , electronics manufacturing , because the workers need at the very least steady hands and literacy , and the plant needs to be in a place that has reliable electricity available . 
  so now you already have to be in a place with functioning schools and power , and in such a place parents will generally send their kids to school rather than a sweatshop , etc , etc. 
  i 'm going to * really * laugh if we end up with a pvv-denk coalition . 
  they 're quite alike , really . 
  they have very similar ideas . 
  it 's really unlikely of course , but still , if it happens i 'm going to laugh my arse off before i emigrate . 
  she 's no doubt out next elections . 
  she was put in by the labour party basically to show how diverse they were . 
  but the muslims have started their own party ( denk ) and they 're probably going to take most of labour 's vote in 2017 . 
  every allochtoon will vote denk and that 's basically labour 's electorate , except for the northeast . 
  and the northeast is n't going to vote labour anymore either due to the shit with the earthquakes . 
  they might vote pvv . 
  eh , this is the country that let khadija arib ( moroccan gov ' t employee ! ), 
  be speaker of the house . 
  so i very much doubt anything will happen . 
  you can say a lot about us but xenophobia does n't occur in anyone with any say in anything . 
  honestly you 're probably better off being an american . 
  and if anything ever ends up happening , they 'll ban * further * dual citizenships , not revoke the ones that already exist . 
  it 'll be far less of a problem with the echr for one . 
  it 'd make the news more entertaining !, 
  seriously , there ought to be a campaign to make democrats vote jill stein . 
  she 's still a woman , so you 'd still have the woman president , but she 's also a human being unlike clinton , * and * she 's actually left-wing unlike clinton . 
  i doubt anyone 'll find you based on those . 
  though , have fun voting for clinton or trump !, 
  i 'm glad our politics are a bit more normal and decent than that . 
  even wilders . 
  ( edit : i 'll remove if you want me to . ), 
  how 'd you get that double citizenship ? 
  it 's a weird one . 
  afaik neither country normally allows it , and the netherlands basically has only the legacy moroccan and turkish citizenships that it keeps recognizing because it used to and revocation will only make things worse . 
  so which are your countries , if i may ask ? 
  ( i understand if you do n't want to answer , but i 'm curious now . ), 
  but should n't you at least have some allegiance to somewhere ? 
  at least to the place where your family lives , even if you are out exploring the world ? 
   i mean what , just because i left indefinitely means i should have to come back to wilders ? 
  but you say you left indefinitely . 
  why would you come back ? 
   what if they were jews wearing yarmulkes ? 
  or christians wearing crosses ? 
  those should n't be allowed either , at least not visibly . 
  you can wear your cross necklace * under * your uniform if you want , but not on top . 
  you can wear your yarmulke * under * your cap . 
  and they should n't put a darwin fish on their squad car either , for that matter . 
  if there 's anything muslims can do that is n't visible , they can do that , but nothing visible . 
  the police , as an institution , should be irreligious , and on-duty cops should reflect that . 
  they represent the power of the government . 
  one moment you 're in italy , the next you 're in cuba . 
   corrupt people who would have left the country with their money at the first sign of trouble yes , but with single citizenship this ca n't really happen , because the corrupt people would have nowhere to run . 
  if they have your citizenship they ca n't easily leave ( especially not if they 're wanted ) and if they have some other citizenship they ca n't rise to a high enough position in the government to fuck up anything important in the first place . 
  ( well , they could perhaps use a private company to screw people over , but it 'd be harder and you can only victimize people who were involved with it rather than the whole country at once . ), 
   just because you become a citizen of a new country does not mean that you are going to want to give up any previous citizenships . 
  but you ought to . 
  at the very least , political rights ought to be limited to people who only have one citizenship , otherwise you get people from country a using their b citizenship to influence b 's politics in the favour of a. 
  or the other way around , of course . 
  a person with multiple citizenships has no incentive to give a shit about any of the countries because they can always easily go to one of the others if things go south , so it makes sense none of the countries ought to trust them with anything important . 
  i think everyone is just going to buy & euro ; 500 of books and then resell them . 
   actually , you can already watch that in a state like minnesota , which has the highest concentration of somali-americans in the country . 
  so , what exactly is it with swedes and somalis ? 
  you can at least bring it under national control .
