   cheaper air travel ; still not really within the means of normal people , and funded by higher taxes on those normal people . 
   improved consumer protection and food labelling ; a ban on growth hormones and other harmful food additives ; better product safety ; again , national governments can do this fine , if they wo n't * elect a better one * , note how you ca n't elect a better eu . 
   single market competition bringing quality improvements and better industrial performance ; break up of monopolies ; as for what 's left of western europe 's economy , the bits that have n't not moved to china yet , let 's move it to romania . 
   europe-wide patent and copyright protection ; now we can all benefit from the joys of german zealousness !, 
  block * all * the internet . 
   no paperwork or customs for exports throughout the single market ; ok , i 'll give you that one . 
   price transparency and removal of commission on currency exchanges across the eurozone ; let 's have germany and greece use the same currency !, 
  what could go wrong ? 
  it 's not like there 's an economic difference between them or anything like that . 
   freedom to travel , live and work across europe ; northwestern europe gets flooded with migrants to the point that its cultures dissolve and its once-vaunted welfare states collapse , the rest of europe loses everyone capable of anything and with it any hope of ever developing their own countries , and gangs of bandits get to roam across europe ( without charges ) . 
  fun !, 
   funded opportunities for young people to undertake study or work placements abroad ; ah yes , `` orgasmus '' . 
  the eu is consciously breeding its very own aristocracy , to be divorced from any of the actual countries . 
  this should be frightening . 
   access to european health services ; we used to just have insurance for that . 
  in fact , we still do . 
   labour protection and enhanced social welfare ; smoke-free workplaces ; equal pay legislation ; holiday entitlement ; the right not to work more than a 48-hour week without overtime ; a. 
  let 's destroy all the small companies who ca n't pay for it !, 
  giant multinationals only , please . 
  if you really want these things , you could * vote * for your national government to do these . 
  you ca n't do that with the eu . 
   strongest wildlife protection in the world ; improved animal welfare in food production ; a. 
  let 's destroy * all * the farms . 
  let 's just * import * all our food from places with less strict rules . 
  if you really want these things , you could * vote * for your national government to do these . 
  you ca n't do that with the eu . 
   eu-funded research and industrial collaboration ; let 's let the eu decide what should and should n't be researched . 
  they certainly sound very good up until now . 
   eu representation in international forums ; but no more of our own representation in international forums . 
   bloc eea negotiation at the wto ; and no more of our own . 
   eu diplomatic efforts to uphold the nuclear non-proliferation treaty ; good luck , north korea !, 
   european arrest warrant ; so we can arrest all those thought criminals . 
  again , we can all benefit from german zealousness . 
   cross border policing to combat human trafficking , arms and drug smuggling ; there 's certainly no trafficking into the eu . 
  absolutely not . 
  frontex just picks them up in libya all legal-like . 
   counter terrorism intelligence ; `` yes , i praise -- * boom * -- our counter-terrorism intelligence . 
  -- * boom * -- we certainly have no -- * boom * -- terrorism problem here . 
  those noises ? 
  what noises ? 
  -- * boooooom * -- oh , * those * ? 
  that 's nothing -- * boom * -- just ask the guardian . '', 
   european civil and military co-operation in post-conflict zones in europe and africa ; let 's all together fuck up africa some more . 
  it would n't do just to fuck up just * one * continent , would it ? 
   support for democracy and human rights across europe and beyond ; ah , that must be why i was able to vote against all of this crap . 
  wait ...  investment across europe contributing to better living standards and educational , social and cultural capital . 
  things are only getting worse here . 
  peace on the continent is due to the destruction of the old european empires in the world wars . 
  after ww2 the continent was vassalized and split between the us and the ussr , which had good reasons not to come to blows . 
  if anything the eu might end up starting wars once they have their army . 
  an integrated eu would be a world power that could plausibly take on russia . 
  from that moment all it takes is a war-hawk in the european commission , which is n't even elected . 
  that would n't have been any less under the communists or just after , i imagine . 
   but it still comes as a shock in contrast to the country 's very progressive profile now . 
  eugenics was considered really progressive at the time . 
  all the taste-makers loved it . 
  right-wingers were against because they thought it was playing god . 
  ( at least initially . ), 
   the general consensus is that germans did this to stray the muslims further from islam and assimilate them into german culture are n't they right ? 
  it is a blatantly obvious attempt to co-opt islam and change people 's way of thinking away from what the islamists would want . 
  and of course , they absolutely would export it to turkey if they can make it work . 
  ( maybe they can start in izmir . ), 
   people from traditional tribal societies tend to put their clan loyalties above universal human rights . 
  which is clearly working out for them . 
  they 're the only group in europe that 's actually growing . 
   no , there can be no `` freedom '' if the open expression of such harmful ideas is permitted . 
  apart from the fact that merely expressing ideas ca n't actually harm people , are you familiar with the holocaust deniers ' saying : `` truth does not fear investigation '' ? 
  you convince people with evidence , not by suppressing them . 
  that obviously wo n't work for the people who are really operating in bad faith , but in the age of the internet neither will suppression . 
  meanwhile , laws like this allow conspiracy theorists to recruit people . 
  what better way is there than to say : the big bad government is so afraid , they 've literally made it illegal to say this ? 
  i 've seen a web stream once , on an alt-right-ish channel no less , involving a holocaust denier , who was brought around when shown the evidence for the holocaust . 
  people * can * change . 
  the `` hard core '' wo n't , but all the hangers-on and the people who 've been convinced can , and that 's far more people . 
  truth should not fear investigation . 
  especially not when any investigation will immediately show that the holocaust did in fact happen . 
  what should be done with holocaust deniers is stand next to them waving the evidence around , not legitimize them by `` oppressing '' them . 
  oops . 
  fixed it . 
  i do n't get that klaver walked away . 
  they 'd have given him the climate , and even the proposed immigration compromise was pretty left-wing . 
  gl would 've been the smallest party in the coalition and yet gotten most of what they want . 
  hell , i 'm a right-winger and it still frustrates me . 
  i think vvd-cda-d66-pvda is going to be the end result . 
  ~ ~ roemer ~ ~ asscher does n't really want to but he 'll join in the end . 
  edit : brain fart . 
  on average it takes 89 days to form a government after the elections . 
  we 're only at 93 days . 
  rutte i took 124 days . 
  people are acting as if the situation is hopeless , but we 're barely past the average time yet . 
  they 'll figure something out . 
   discount stalin cant flood the us with millions of economic migrants . 
  the whole problem here is that we 're unwilling to get our hands dirty , so we outsource that business to people who are . 
  unfortunately , that leaves us vulnerable to the influence of the kind of people who do n't mind getting their hands dirty . 
  the more regulation there is , the fewer companies there can be , the bigger they will be , and the more opportunity for corruption there will be . 
  not that it really matters in this case , because the telecommunications markets already are overregulated near-monopolies anyway ( as evidenced by the fact that they can get away with ripping people off in the first place ) . 
   securing the eu border a ( properly funded ) eu responsibility except all frontex has been doing is running a libya-italy ferry service . 
  there 's no reason to suspect that increasing their funding would make them do anything else . 
  they 're not so much trying and failing to secure the border as they are actively bringing people in . 
  they have 2.4 popes per square kilometer , and 1.3 criminals per capita .
