  let 's see if someone will report me ... 
   museums are far from being a `` worthless '' investment , i 'll gladly pay taxes to make sure some kid in some poorer eu country gets free access to culture and education , you , maybe . 
  someone who can barely keep a roof over his head might think differently , he 'd rather have a tax cut or see it spent on something like healthcare instead , which he 'll use . 
  people who have to work for a living do n't go to museums . 
  neither do their kids , except once or twice on mandatory school trips . 
  people get the not-entirely-wrong impression that they 're made to subsidize the hobbies of the upper class , and that breeds resentment , and that 's * before * it 's also going to those damn furriners who took their jobs . 
  same with things like theatre . 
  there 's a reason why cutting art subsidies and the like is so often on populist platforms . 
  neither was she , that 's the joke . 
  well , it * is * different . 
  i 've never heard of anyone being afraid to go out at night because of fear of the czechs . 
  i 've never seen gangs of czech youth gleefully torching all the cars , and then the wider czech community shielding them from the law afterward . 
  when you go to the store , there are n't 10 czechs blocking the entrance and spitting at passers-by . 
  you do n't get czech gang wars next to elementary schools . 
  you certainly do n't get czech terrorist attacks . 
  and when you turn on the tv , you do n't see czech ` community leaders ' blaming it all on us not having enough affirmative action yet . 
  i 'd have a lot less of a problem with a thousand czechs than a thousand north africans . 
   the south in every country is full of rednecks . 
  the northeast also has rednecks , except they 're protestant rednecks . 
  they do n't really have carnival but they do have [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iennv1ryyf8 ) . 
  he would n't have won anyway . 
  the pvda has lost its base . 
  the working class votes pvv , the traditional socialists vote sp , the progressives vote groenlinks , which leaves only the immigrants and for them there 's now denk . 
  they could run a moroccan to mostly secure the moroccan vote from denk , but that 's really all it will do and it wo n't be enough . 
   exploiting the other countries is a better idea than helping them yes it is . 
  looking at the eu contributions , * they * are exploiting * us * , so why not do it back ? 
  unless everyone is on the same side , being nice or civil only invites abuse , and we 're clearly not all on the same side . 
   where the hell would we get the military might to do something like that you do n't need military might . 
  just put some old ships in a line past vlissingen , and nobody can get through unless they bring a warship and sink a bunch of our ships . 
  i do n't think the eu is that willing to start an armed conflict in the middle of europe . 
  make sure all the vessels are manned so they 'd be killing people if they do sink some ships , that 'll make them even less willing to do it . 
  surely the echr would stop them ... 
  hamburg is n't even equipped to take all ships ( it ca n't take chinamax size ships , for example ) , let alone big enough to actually process all the freight . 
  expanding hamburg to be able to take over rotterdam 's functions would take a decade and probably hundreds of millions of euros . 
  so as long as our offer damages them less than that would , they 'll take our offer . 
   also , you have to realize that while this is a drawback of eu membership in the short term , it 's meant to benefit us in the long term . 
  we 're a nation reliant on trade . 
  we own rotterdam . 
  we can also block the entrance to antwerp . 
  that 's the two largest harbours in the eu down . 
  i think the eu needs us more than we need them , and we should be able to negotiate a better deal than this . 
  it 's not like we have no leverage . 
  ok , let them depose the democratically elected government of poland . 
  it 'll go over very well , and nobody will call for more brexit-style referendums as a result . 
  ( threatening the polish government with sanctions so that they 'll change their tune is not going to work , that 's already been tried and they basically stuck their tongues out . ), 
  why do we pay so much ? 
  is there a reason for it ? 
  is our government just bad at negotiating or something ? 
   trump openly stated that he wants to torture people , carpet bomb civilians , use nukes , arrest people that burn flags , detain and deport at least 10m people , beat up people that protest against him ... 
  pretty much everything in here except for the nukes was already being done . 
  the obama administration [ deported millions of illegal immigrants ] ( http://www.csmonitor.com/usa/politics/2016/1020/how-many-people-has-obama-really-deported ) , [ bombed civilians with drones ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/jul/01/obama-drones-strikes-civilian-deaths ) , [ tortured people held without trial ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/cia-torture-report-obama-administration-continues-torture-guantanamo-bay-detainees-1478980 ) , and [ there 's even been people arrested for flag-burning & ndash ; though being an at least nominally left-wing government it was burning the gay flag that was made unacceptable ] ( http://www.towleroad.com/2016/04/pride-flag/ ) . 
  whatever you think about all of this , it is already being done . 
  my guess is everything but the ` hate crime ' rulings dates back to bush and even further . 
  it 's been going on for ages . 
  all trump did was say it openly . 
   and for the record , less than 10 % of those who apply for asylum here qualify . 
  these are nearly all economic migrants . 
  but barely any are ever sent back . 
  we often do n't even know where they 're from . 
  they disappear into illegality , and then every so often there 's a pardon and they 're all given official permission to stay after all . 
  being rejected for asylum does not matter . 
  she volunteered in refugee centers , but not in one where her murderer was . 
  she was raped and murdered while cycling home at 3am coming from a party . 
  that used to be a safe enough thing to do , but apparently no longer . 
  it has been reported that her parents asked for donations to help refugees at her funeral , but that is not true . 
  she was active in a charity organisation that was building schools in ghana , and it is for this that her parents asked for donations at her funeral . 
  of course it is horrible to say that she or her parents ` deserved ' this in any way . 
   suspending rescue operations we can still rescue them . 
  we just do n't bring them here . 
  we tow them back to libya . 
  that 's better than leaving them to die even from an utilitarian standpoint , if they survive they can tell the others not to try . 
  we need to have ships there anyway to enforce the border . 
  but we do have to actually enforce it . 
  we ca n't just keep letting ngos ferry people across the mediterranean , and we certainly should n't have frontex do it . 
   they still think the journey will take a few hours . 
  it will , as long as you do n't drown . 
  and the people back home only hear of the ones that make it . 
  dead people do n't report on their failure . 
   our human principles the migrants do n't share these , you know . 
  they 're not `` human '' principles so much as liberal western principles . 
  even the people in the npd hold ideas that would be considered downright progressive when compared to your average arab 's outlook on the world . 
  we ca n't keep these principles when we have to live among large groups of people who do not agree with them . 
  so those principles are pretty much gone anyway . 
   many countries have stopped reporting on the ethnicity/religion of convicts this in itself speaks volumes . 
  we could at least stop literally picking them up at the libyan coast . 
   the same lads who were buggering our children they have nothing against gay sex , in fact they 're so fond of it they want a monopoly on it . 
  it was n't doing much of anything , which is apparently a lot better than the normal fuck-ups ( in any country ) . 
  belgium was one of the first countries to recover from the 2008 recession . 
  it 's not really the point that you solved the problem differently , the point is that the eu has no rules about how to go about this . 
  if you want to reintroduce the death penalty , then you 'd have to leave the eu first , the eu does not allow the death penalty . 
  but the tories can break down the social safety net all they want and they do n't have to leave the eu for that . 
  so the minimum wage in in the uk is n't more threatened now than it was before they voted to leave . 
  i do wonder why ryanair did n't just hand a bag of money to the union boss . 
  still , by the looks of it the ex-ddr is outperforming the netherlands and most of the uk , let alone denmark , sweden and finland . 
  what 's going on in germany ? 
  very low taxes ? 
  or just a different way of counting ? 
   the minimum wage can go . 
  the nhs can be privatised you do n't need to leave the eu for that . 
  denmark and sweden have no minimum wage , neither did germany up to 2014 , and healthcare is private in the netherlands .
