  it 'd be incredibly easy to circumvent anyway . 
  we can ban foreign funding for religious organizations ( that 's probably the closest we can get before all the judges start yelling ` article 1 ' ) , but they 'll just reroute the money . 
  instead of diyanet funding mosques it 'll just be `` mohammed 's kebab shop '' . 
  why did mohammed donate & euro ; 10 million to the mosque ? 
  well , he is a religious man . 
  this is n't banned . 
  where 'd he get the money ? 
  kebab is very popular , you know . 
  surprisingly so , even with a 10000 % mark-up , if that 's what certain turkish diplomats are willing to pay for them . 
  this is n't banned either . 
  add to that the fact that there must be thousands of kebab shops that the money can be routed through , so it need n't even be * that * obvious nor does it have any real effect if you do shut one of them down . 
  we ca n't very well ban donations altogether , or kebab , or islam ( no matter what wilders would like ) . 
  so we 're pretty stuck . 
  freedom of religion is a stupid thing to have anyway . 
  if there 's freedom of speech and freedom of assembly , then that should be enough for any well-behaved religion . 
  it 's enough to guarantee that they 'll be allowed to preach and congregate without government interference . 
  if they want to do anything else , they should already be following the laws . 
  this way we do n't need to have secular courts ruling on theological questions about muslims and headscarves ( or pastafarians and colanders , for that matter ) , and we do n't need what amounts to discrimination either ( can a non-muslim wear a headscarf on a picture ? 
  why not ? 
  for that matter , if a muslim woman takes up a different religion , would she need a new passport photo ? ) . 
  just set one standard ( make it lenient enough to allow for headscarves if you wish ) and apply it to everyone . 
  if you have a parliamentary elections with only individuals and no parties , people would still need to band together and you 'd just get unofficial parties . 
  you ca n't stop people from forming organizations . 
  ( i think the usa does n't technically recognize political parties , the democrats and republicans are technically just private organisations , whereas in the netherlands a political party is actually a legally recognized form of organization to which a bunch of extra rules apply . ), 
  if you 're going to have a margin , would n't it be better to just have a smaller parliament ? 
  it has the same effect of raising the amount of votes you need for a seat , party representation is otherwise still the same , and you 'd have to pay for fewer parliamentarians . 
  probably none . 
  though even they have said a million times that they wo n't , but on the other hand the vvd is renowned for not sticking by their promises . 
  fvd and vnl will maybe get one seat between them , and all the other parties just do n't have enough in common to work together with the pvv even wilders were sane . 
  if your stance is `` more immigration , more eu '' you 're not going to work together with a party whose stance is `` no immigration , no eu '' . 
  nobody will be in a coalition with him . 
  he 's not getting in unless he wins a majority all by himself ( 75 seats ) . 
  he 's at 30 now and dropping . 
  korwin-mikke is one guy in a 751-member parliament that itself has pretty much no power . 
  he does n't just have no power , he only has a small fraction of no power . 
  he could n't hurt anyone if he wanted to . 
  if he were president or prime minister somewhere , that 'd be serious ( though he 'd need to win an actual election ) , but let 's be honest , that 's not going to be happening . 
  meanwhile , his antics are amusing . 
  what kind of democracy are you running there , prosecuting one candidate after another ? 
  either your political system is rotten or all your candidates are criminals . 
  he 's great . 
  he 's so ridiculously over the top it 's like theater . 
  the other meps never seem to get used to it either . 
  it 's like performance art , except funny . 
  we , turks , should do same things in europe . 
  just seeing them freak out about `` turkish invasion '' and being unable to stop it withing their current legal framework would be worth the effort . 
  happening in the netherlands . 
  the labour party is freaking the fuck out because they 'd spent a lot of time and effort trying to bind the turks to them , pissing off the dutch working class in the process as well as the progressives , then two turks split off and formed a turkish party . 
  ( then they tried to look like a general non-white party , failed , suffered a split themselves as a consequence , and now there 's a turkish party and a surinamese/antillean party . ), 
  labour has pretty much no electorate left now , all the immigrants have pissed off and the white people had already pissed off ( to pvv for the working class and green-left for the progressives ) . 
  otoh , perhaps this is general minority behaviour . 
  in rotterdam , which is so ethnically mixed there 's no clear top dog , there 's even one of these parties ( leefbaar , ` livable ' ) for the remaining white population . 
  they consistently get over half the white vote there and the pvv ( populist nationalists ) get pretty much the other half ( though they also get some non-white voters , as they mainly hate the moroccans and * everyone * hates the moroccans ) . 
  we 're doing a bit better than turkey in that at least nobody is openly sponsoring terrorism ( yet ? 
  are the kurds such in-fighters ? 
  you can consistently tell where they live but they have a different party every time . 
  still , i predict it 'll be the same as when her father ran in 2002 . 
  she 'll win the first round , and then lose in the second by a landslide , because * everybody else * will back the other candidate . 
  it probably wo n't be 20/80 this time , 30/70 is more likely , but that 's still a crushing defeat . 
  it 's consistently either the worst or the second worst , and the other one is amsterdam . 
  and he never left politics even after the dictatorship . 
  and now he 's president * again * !, 
   i find many of these comments shocking in regards to support for a eu-china alliance and a dismemberment of the us-european alliance . 
  what do you mean ? 
  eastasia is our ally . 
  we 've always been at war with oceania . 
  ( that said , it 's funny how we * did * actually more or less end up with orwell 's three blocks as far as alliances are concerned ), 
  it 's probably just re-exports from rotterdam . 
  pretty much everything that enters the eu by sea enters it in rotterdam , and is then `` exported '' to where it is actually needed without anything else being done to it . 
  it skews the numbers enormously . 
  i doubt people will mourn shitty concrete blocks . 
  people do n't miss the 19th-century slums either , they miss the nice buildings of that era , and these concrete blocks are n't the nice buildings of our time . 
  the rules do n't change , the enforcement does . 
  dead letters rise from the grave . 
  there * is * an actual law against what he did . 
  [ you can get * five years * for it . 
  and four if you insult members of his family . 
  ] ( http://wetten.overheid.nl/bwbr0001854/2017-01-01#boektweede_titeldeelii_artikel111 ) you can also be punished with a fine of the fourth category , [ which is currently & euro ; 20500 ] ( https://www.rijksoverheid.nl/onderwerpen/straffen-en-maatregelen/vraag-en-antwoord/hoe-hoog-zijn-de-boetes-in-nederland ) . 
  i live in the netherlands , and we are too few people to have a say if all of europe gets a vote . 
  it would really suck to have all our laws decided by people who 've never lived here and do n't speak our language , and to then lack a strong enough voice to change anything . 
  decision making should in general be as local as possible , so that the decision-makers know what the situation on the ground is , and so that they are part of the communities that they rule . 
  also , so that they can easily be gotten rid of by their communities if they turn out to be corrupt or incompetent . 
  moving it all up to the european level makes it far too easy for the politicians to be insulated from what they do . 
  even at the national level there are problems , and further centralization will make it * far * worse . 
  it does n't even have to be selfishness or corruption on the part of the politicians , but you ca n't expect good governance from people who do n't even speak the language of the people they 're ruling over . 
  they ca n't take into account things that they do n't even know the existence of . 
  on top of that , we have specific infrastructure needs , namely our dikes . 
  we know we can trust our dikes , because the politicians who are in charge of them live behind them . 
  they know how important they are , and they also know that they 'll drown right along with the rest of us if they decide to embezzle the maintenance funds . 
  so that does n't happen . 
  if you put them under some european ministry of infrastructure instead , under some bureaucrat who lives in the alps , then they have no reason to care . 
  under europe it 'll be like new orleans , nobody ever does any maintenance , and then there 'll be a storm , the dikes will fail , people will die , the big shots will come pay a visit to the area affected by the `` tragic natural disaster '' , and still nobody will do any maintenance , because the people with power live on higher ground and do n't really have to care . 
   yet a significant part of her voter base would still vote for her but nowhere near enough for her to win . 
  there are die-hards on the left as well , who act the same . 
  the vast majority of people are not die-hards , so if you want to win you need a whole bunch of moderates and/or otherwise uninvolved people on your side . 
  the fact that she has die-hard supporters at all might make her seem more immune than a centrist , who almost by definition wo n't have die-hard supporters at all , but in the end you do need the average person to vote for you . 
  having die-hard supporters at all is probably a turn-off , because fanatics are scary and on top of that they 're an easy target for opponents to point at . 
  i read this was banned at first , because the czechoslovakian censors thought the red and yellow shirts referred to the soviet union and china . 
   ban the access of jews and other ethnic groups or races to vote why be a racist ? 
  just ban * everyone * from voting .
