  on top of that , the wallonian economy has collapsed . 
  all their heavy industry left and nothing has filled the void . 
  meanwhile , the flemings have been a lot better at adapting to the modern world . 
  so now it 's the walloons who are increasingly sidelined . 
  part of me is waiting for the arab immigrants to demand linguistic recognition too . 
  after all , arabic is no doubt spoken more widely than german ( only 1 % speaks german ) . 
  it will be a great fireworks show . 
  running a libya-italy ferry service . 
   when there is a large african presence in 16e , le v\u00e9sinet , and at their chateaux in the loire valley , then we 'll start seeing changes really freaking quick . 
  by then it 'll be far too late . 
  they do n't only line the pockets of the dictators in africa , they also line the pockets of those politicians and their friends . 
  on top of that they 're buying influence . 
  many african governments run on aid money and are therefore beholden to those ` generous donors ' rather than to their own citizens . 
  they 're buying un assembly votes and mineral rights . 
  it 's not just done out of altruism and/or guilt , it 's all a very cynical and self-serving affair . 
  the argument `` it would be better for the africans '' is n't going to make them stop , they do n't care about the africans . 
   this idea that somebody with the hard power to enforce it sat down and decided that we will turn a blind eye to migration is delusional . 
  the echr has been consistently stifling any attempts at repatriation , even for proven criminals and terrorists . 
  when italy sent a few boatloads back , they were fined an astronomical sum . 
  it 's really not as if everyone 's even on board with stopping this , let alone trying . 
  that guy is probably working for soros . 
  who knows , trump might overrule them with a tweet . 
  the eta already tried that with spain , did n't work . 
  yup . 
  european cultures loosened up on their own , slowly , over the course of several centuries . 
  christianity evolved along with it , again , mostly on its own . 
  ( and not everywhere . 
  remote areas in the usa and even in some places in europe tend not to have changed quite so much . ), 
  it did n't happen due to imposition , let alone foreign imposition , and any attempts by the governments to drag those remote areas along have not only failed but engendered more resistance . 
  if these people want to run a liberal mosque , that 's certainly their right , which must be defended . 
  but they ca n't hope to drag the rest of the muslim world with them , and frankly i do n't blame the rest of the muslims for seeing it as a western attempt at `` corrupting '' islam . 
  ( i do blame them for the death threats though . ), 
  they would know what it looks like , they 've done it multiple times themselves . 
  that does n't mean it 's any good . 
  it takes chinese children a lot more time and effort to learn to read properly . 
  by the end of elementary school , they should be literate enough to read street signs and newspapers but will still have great trouble with anything more literary . 
  the chinese are still learning characters in high school . 
  on top of that , chinese elementary schools have to start out with the roman alphabet anyway , just so they can teach the kids how the characters are pronounced . 
  contrast it with europe , where any normal eight-year-old is basically fully literate , any longer would be a serious developmental delay . 
  there 's a reason chinese kids get so little time off , they need the extra time to learn to read . 
  they 're doing it because it 's a part of their culture they do n't want to give up , and they 're willing to eat the extra costs of it , which is fine , but it 's certainly not very efficient . 
  there 's people in the netherlands who hold such disdain for the dutch language that they speak english even amongst themselves . 
  then i point at ireland , and then they go `` good !, 
  it 's this kind of shit why i can kind of get behind people like orban when they interfere with ngos , even though he 's an authoritarian crook otherwise . 
  these big international organisations , accountable to no one , who can avoid any laws easily and do whatever they want , that 's just not a good idea . 
  people rightly criticize multinational corporations that try to strong-arm governments , but at least you can give them big fines when they break the laws . 
  the ngos are seemingly untouchable . 
  is there really any religious background that the finns and hungarians share with each other but not with anyone else ? 
   none : 5.6 % an atheist is driving around belfast , when he stops at a traffic light and is immediately beset by gunmen . 
  the gunmen shout : are you protestant or catholic ? 
  the man is nervous , does n't know what to say , and does n't know the allegiance of the gunmen either . 
  so he decides to just tell the truth . 
  to which the gunmen say : ok , but are you a protestant atheist or a catholic atheist ? 
  [ yes , that 's a thing in today 's germany . 
  ] ( https://www.engadget.com/2017/06/22/german-police-raided-36-homes-social-media-hate-speech/ ), 
  those foreigners are kept out of power . 
  they have no way to ever become citizens , no way to influence politics even if they did become citizens , and often enough they 're de facto enslaved because their employers take their passports `` for safe keeping '' . 
  the governments of those countries would sooner shoot them all than allow them the slightest influence . 
  those countries are panicking too . 
  you do n't really see it in the news , what with the super-controlled news in those authoritarian dictatorships , but there are `` arabization '' campaigns in each of them . 
  lowering the punitive taxes , and/or having better child benefits and subsidized daycare would fix the birthrates . 
   start of union 's collapse or not it 's not looking like it . 
  if anything the eu will go full steam ahead with federalization now that it 's franco-german and not franco-german-english . 
  there 's no big opponent of it anymore , and soon enough it 'll be too late for anyone to exit even if they wanted to . 
  within a few years we 'll have that eu army and that 'll be basically it . 
  the army will also crush the far-right populism , and also the muslim radicalism if and when it becomes a problem for the real powers . 
  muslim radicalism is tolerated now because allowing it to dominate while cracking down on nationalism is a good way to demoralize nationalists , but if/when it threatens the eu it 'll be crushed too . 
   the main difference is that most of those are or will eventually become uk citizens too ... 
  this is the same for all asylum seekers everywhere in western europe . 
  there 's no way to be rejected , not even rejection , because then you just sit tight and wait for a general pardon . 
  no doubt the vast majority of this crime wave consists of facebook rants that break the speech restrictions , so it probably will . 
  no / s. 
  it * is * just a ferry service . 
  the dutch government generally does n't have balls either . 
  i 'm still pretty sure rutte and erdogan were just helping each other campaign . 
  an eu army would most certainly switch us from the first to the second kind immediately . 
  [ you really do n't need to go anywhere near that far . 
  a simple joke is enough in some places . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/09/nazi-pug-man-arrested-after-teaching-girlfriends-dog-to-perform/ ), 
  it 's the same in the netherlands , `` pindakaas '' is just an old exception . 
  similarly if you want to use `` chocolate '' in the name there must be actual chocolate in the product as well . 
  oddly enough `` cacao '' seems not to be protected , a while back i saw cheap fake chocolate flakes labeled `` cacao fantasy '' . 
  it also does n't always apply to english words . 
  if you want to call yourself `` universiteit '' you must actually be accredited and grant degrees , but the english word `` university '' is free to use . 
  ( so trump can come over here with his `` university '' as long as he keeps the name in english . ), 
  i think it 's because the south african government used to use it . 
  being the official language of a nuclear state does give it a certain prestige . 
  ( even if it did always looked funny , official-looking men in expensive suits speaking like that . ), 
  after the end of apartheid , the sa government stopped using it . 
  ( the nukes were actually gotten rid of by the apartheid government before it fell , as they saw their doom coming and did n't want to leave the blacks nukes . ), 
   structural funding to areas hit by industrial decline ; for net contributors , the eu is a loss . 
  were it not for the eu contributions , the national government could take this over and give more and still spend less . 
  ( if your national government is * unwillling * , then elect a better one . 
  note how you ca n't do that with the eu . ), 
   clean beaches and rivers ; cleaner air ; lead free petrol ; restrictions on landfill dumping ; a recycling culture ; most of that predates the eu . 
  national governments are perfectly capable of implementing environmental protection laws , and if they * wo n't * , then elect a better one . 
  note how you ca n't do that with the eu . 
   cheaper mobile charges ; do you mean the roaming fee ban ? 
  that 's just going to be made up by making domestic usage more expensive . 
  in effect it 's just a subsidy for regular travelers ( rich people and international businessmen ) , taken from those who do n't travel regularly ( everyone else ) .
