  i get called a right-wing nutjob for it . 
  i remember when people were called left-wing nutjobs for this same view . 
  and when the political winds change again , the current proponents of the hate-speech laws will be silenced under their own laws , and somehow they will not have seen it coming . 
   slightly unrelated , but how is that behaviour better in the us ? 
  i see tons of social justice warriors etc. 
  from the u.s , why not leave for another country in the us they treat freedom of speech as basically holy . 
  the sjws might come after you , but at least the goverment wo n't . 
  the aclu has defended the kkk at times , that 's how seriously it is taken . 
  so if you freedom of speech is important to you , the us is actually probably your least-bad bet by a fair margin . 
  he could sneak into the us and work on a farm . 
  no doubt he could , but it would be a life of hard labour , little money , and much uncertainty . 
  sweden opened its borders and invited them all , promising them heaven , so that 's a better option on the face of it . 
  if you take enough syrians along , you can make a little mini-syria and none of this will matter . 
  christmas is n't even over yet ... 
   find a way to put women into special operations why ? 
  they do n't just let any man in either . 
  if there are any women who perform well enough , let them join ; if not , you can point to the test results when people ask why there are no women . 
  just keep the same standards . 
  it 's an army , not a diversity office . 
  now we just need visegrad to make enough fuss , and the [ merkelreich ] ( http://alphadesigner.com/wp-content/uploads/europe-according-to-the-future-2022.png ) has come to be . 
   `` european solidarity is not a one-way street , '' steinmeier said , adding that `` those who refuse ( to welcome refugees ) must know what is at stake for them : open borders in europe '' . 
  open your borders , or we 'll close your borders !, 
  nobody is even offended yet , they just want to pat each other on the back for being such compassionate people . 
  that 's probably not what 's going to happen . 
  migrant centers are usually put in poor and/or rural areas , exactly where support is lowest . 
  i actually think that this is a factor in who supports it . 
  someone in ' t gooi can be as compassionate as he wants , secure in the knowledge that no migrant center is ever going to be built near where he lives . 
  he probably wo n't even consciously make that connection , but he knows he has nothing to fear . 
  meanwhile , the people in the villages are all bracing themselves for the flood . 
  really , if you ask this question of someone in ' t gooi , you are basically asking him `` do you think of yourself as a compassionate person ? '', 
  so of course he 'll say yes . 
  ask it of someone in a village , and he 'll hear : `` congratulations !, 
  the size of your village has doubled . 
  here 's an arab phrasebook . 
  good luck . '', 
  so they react with slightly less enthusiasm . 
  if you just back everyone , you benefit no matter who ends up on top . 
  in the netherlands we put numbers like that in a village or two & mdash ; opposition be damned . 
  4500 refugees , sheesh . 
  without any problem , you say ? 
  my , how did you manage that . 
   last year they made up 1/4 of all candidates , yet only 9,5 % of mps are women . 
  sounds like they 're just not getting enough votes . 
  there 's very little you can do about that without seriously subverting democracy . 
  the slogan does n't even match the concentration camp . 
  that 's auschwitz and the slogan is from buchenwald . 
   whenever i happen to be in a dutch village where the vast majority is still `` ethnic dutch '' , it feels like an anachronism . 
  and yet , 78 % of the population is dutch . 
  even in utrecht ( the city mind you , not even the province ) about 70 % of the population is dutch . 
  it seems like the whole country outside of amsterdam and rotterdam is an ` anachronism ' . 
  it should be noted though that singapore was explicitly set up for it , and that it requires a rather oppressive state to work . 
  singapore can be multicultural because anything cultural that goes deeper than foods and clothes is ruthlessly repressed and replaced by state policies , and it is made clear to everyone that whatever your ethnicity , no , you do * not * get a say . 
  to say it like an american , ` no lives matter ' . 
  everyone who disagrees was shot decades ago . 
  to make this work in the netherlands , not only must we destroy the identities of the immigrants but our own as well . 
  the nvu has about 20 members , at least if you can trust wikipedia . 
  at a riot like this one you would n't see the difference whether they show up or not . 
  if the government subsidizes art at all , then something akin to this must already be happening . 
  after all , someone within the government is already deciding who to subsidize . 
  somehow , censoring people you dislike makes you seem the villain , whereas subsidizing people you like makes you seem the hero , while both of them have the same outcome : the people you like will be visible and the people you dislike will be marginalized . 
  if you think that means modern art is a government conspiracy , that 's because [ it totally is ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/modern-art-was-cia-weapon-1578808.html ) . 
  well , erdogan is working on that , just give him some more time !, 
  well , they need to come to their senses somewhat , if they do n't want to wake up to a sd majority . 
   the citizens will vote in a dictator out of fear . 
  even if he gets a majority all by himself , he still ca n't be a dictator . 
  the prime minister does not have absolute power . 
  he ca n't kick the immigrants out or even get us out of the eu . 
  if he wants to change the constitution or something to empower himself , he 'd need a two-thirds majority in both chambers , and then we 'd hold new elections and he 'd have to get a two-thirds majority * again * . 
  and if the people are at that point , there are probably bigger problems than wilders . 
  obviously , because it costs money . 
  i do n't get carson at all . 
  on the one hand , he was a neurosurgeon and a respected one at that , so he must be a pretty smart guy . 
  then he turns around , and suddenly he 's not only a young-earth creationist , but also a supporter of alternative medicine sold by scammy mlm companies . 
  that last one is especially jarring given that this guy is a * successful , respected neurosurgeon * . 
  i can only conclude that he does n't believe these things at all and is just really unethical . 
  would n't somalia be better ? 
  they 're just trying to get rid of jewish physics , no doubt . 
   people have to pay to go to college so they see it as an investment now instead of a pursuit for knowledge 's sake . 
  have n't people * always * had to pay to go to college ? 
  traditionally , they were only for the elite . 
  the article touches upon this , talking about ` traditional finishing schools for the english gentry ' . 
  these people did n't strictly * need * an education . 
  they were guaranteed a high status in society anyway because of their standing . 
  the education was just for them to broaden their minds , and for the upper class as a whole to pass its values on to the next generation . 
  nowadays , loads of people go to university . 
  a degree has become a necessity to find a job that actually pays you . 
  just like high school became more and more necessary over time , so has the university . 
  but given that all social classes can now attend ( and are often expected to ) , that means that most people there actually need a job afterward , and need to justify spending their tuition as an investment . 
  and , well , there 's more money in it than there is in ancient greek literature . 
  this conflicts very much with the earlier purpose . 
  making it free does n't even really solve the problem : you still have to somehow feed yourself while you 're in college , so you 'll need to borrow money and/or have a job alongside your studies . 
  you want there to be some money at the end of it . 
  add to that the reputation that the humanities have garnered for themselves in the last few decades . 
  the article talks about ` critical studies ' , and that they do n't have them in asia . 
  i do n't blame the asians . 
  when i hear those words , the things that pop into my mind are things like the sokal hoax , not anything even approaching rational thought let alone anything useful . 
  [ richard dawkins turned some of it into what amounts to a stand-up skit just by reading it up out loud . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b1pj8vyxl3q ) i do n't know how much of it is true , and how much of it is a misrepresentation , but even if it is a misrepresentation , it is a very widespread one . 
  in any case it is a problem . 
  this is not how you get people to fund you .
