  meanwhile , cu has a decently loyal electorate . 
  their outspoken christianity is going to keep their current voters with them and scare any others off , a bit like the sgp but not quite as set in stone . 
  they can afford to compromise a bit more . 
  d66 likewise seems not quite as `` no borders '' as gl to me , but that might be wrong on my part . 
  their climate policies are also more sane ( investment in green technology is a good idea , for example if we find some decent battery technology we can pretty much do away with gasoline cars throughout europe , and we wo n't even have to force people to switch to electric , they 'll do it by themselves because it 'll be cheaper ) . 
   like giving christian schools the opportunity to reject pupils because they ~ ~ are n't white ~ ~ do n't look christian enough . 
  really , the sgp ? 
  for all of their other tendencies , i would n't imagine them calling for official discrimination against proper , strict , god-fearing christians , just because they are not white . 
  they 'd probably like a black christian way more than any of the hordes of blonde gl voters . 
  if they said this , perhaps by `` does n't look christian '' they meant `` wears modern clothing '' . 
  the cda is n't really christian though . 
  it 's an artifact from back when we still had the pillars . 
  it 's just a center-right party now . 
  cu * is * really christian , but they 're love-your-neighbour christians . 
  ( there 's also sgp , which are fire-and-brimstone christians . ), 
  being opposed to abortion and gay marriage does n't sound that batshit on the face of it , just conservative . 
  there 's a law like that in the netherlands as well ( though they do seem to give everyone permits , even literal nazis ) . 
  it would surprise me if germany did n't have one too . 
  it 's not a design feature , it evolved to be that way . 
  it was actually meant in part to rein germany in . 
  when germany was going to reunite there was a lot of anxiousness about it . 
  did n't le pen get about 1/3rd of the total vote anyway ? 
  probably extremists of any stripe are more popular amongst the young . 
  less life experience , less to lose etc. 
  wait , does that say korwin is third among young people ? 
  we had this the previous election , except with us it was the left-wingers . 
  they did n't suggest threatening , though . 
  they did suggest just asking them for a proxy . 
  it 's also the eu human rights court that 's stopping countries from deporting the migrants back home at least in some cases . 
  if you tear down a bunch of small buildings , and reuse the bricks to build one large building , are you pro-building or anti-building ? 
   get rid of domestic water charges you want to give people free water ? 
  why ? 
  a small part of me wants the situation to explode and the boers to try and flee here , just to see geert wilders ( our infamous right-winger ) and jesse klaver ( from the green party ) switch their stances on refugees and migration overnight . 
   why do you want your national laws to be different to everyone else ? 
  what does it give you that a unified law by the eu could n't ? 
  for one , the ability to tailor local laws to local circumstances . 
  you ca n't rule 500 million people from germany to bulgaria by uniform decrees . 
  the circumstances are too different , and what would be perfect for the one would be disastrous for the other . 
  even the empires of old knew that , and did n't have uniform policies everywhere . 
  second , we actually have a reasonably democratic system and i want to keep it . 
  we have a parliament full of little parties , and people come and go constantly . 
  we 're not like germany or turkey where they set thresholds to keep new people from entering , and we 're certainly not like the us or uk with their first-past-the-post system . 
  it also shows in that we get 75-85 % turnout regularly . 
  let 's not hollow that out . 
  third , we 're going to get into lots of fights over minor stuff if we try to have eu-wide policies . 
  we have different cultures and we value different things . 
  ( hell , the germans think we 're mad , just giving a seat in parliament to anyone who can get enough votes for one . ), 
  there 's nothing really wrong with that , but if you try to average it all out then everyone will get mad . 
  people fought and died for what they have , within living memory . 
  fourth , if you want to keep the eu , i think putting clear limits on its authority will make it a lot less impopular . 
  if you * allow * people things you become popular , if you mess with their lives not so much . 
  that will also stop national politicians from pushing shitty legislation through via eu backchannels and then going `` sorry guys , it 's from brussels , ca n't do anything about it '' to their nation , which is also a thing that happens . 
  tl ; dr : err on the side of localized decision making , that 's better for everyone . 
  laws written with sheep in mind but applied to wolves . 
   blame the eu representatives from your country . 
  well , you can * blame * them , but you ca n't vote them out . 
  even then , they 'll just say : i 'm just one guy , i tried , i was outnumbered . 
  they 'd be right . 
  it would at least be better if the eu could be limited in its decision scope . 
  this unified control makes sense for e.g. 
  foreign policy , but as of now there 's no limit at all . 
  the eu can override anything our national governments do basically at will . 
  the national parliaments still operate , but any laws they make can be overridden from outside and laws can be pushed through from outside without their consent . 
  even in the us , the federal government ca n't just hand down decrees except on a predetermined list of topics that 's written into law . 
  a law on net neutrality does n't matter to a traveler anyway . 
  it matters to telecommunications companies . 
  i 'm assuming you 're not riding a motorcycle across europe , setting up telcos everywhere you go . 
  even then , travelers are n't actually that common . 
  most people have jobs . 
  as long as that job is n't `` multinational businessman '' , they get maybe two or three weeks off a year and wo n't be doing any traveling outside of those . 
  so for example that roaming law sounds good at first , but the telcos are n't going to give up profits . 
  the missing roaming costs will be made up by raising prices across the board , and now you have the normal people basically subsidizing their boss 's boss 's boss 's roaming costs . 
  and on top of that , since local conditions vary , if the laws ca n't vary then the enforcement will vary . 
  for example , media piracy is banned everywhere in the eu , but in the netherlands they do n't actually go after normal consumers whereas in germany they absolutely will put normal people in jail over downloading a few songs . 
  so now , instead of variation in written laws , the variation is in the unwritten laws , and you * still * need to keep it in mind as you travel . 
   good thing is that every eu country have the same laws about nn . 
  why ? 
  it also means that the eu could ban net neutrality if it felt like it , and other than with national laws , we could n't even punish them for it at the ballot box , not even in theory . 
  it wo n't necessarily be that bad . 
  birth rates are below replacement already , the population is set to shrink . 
  people act as if that 's a disaster , but * we do n't need so many people anymore * . 
  yes , for a while , the share of old people will grow , but that 's just employment for the young people , as the old people will need care and that 's one of the few things that ca n't be done by machine . 
  and everything will balance back out once the baby boomers die off . 
  population decline is a * good thing * in light of the coming automation . 
  of course , if we keep up importing third-worlders to `` shore up the shortfall '' then we * will * have huge problems down the line . 
  so if i ever get ill , i should just come to spain and throw my papers away ? 
  ~ $ 1000/year is nowhere near enough to live on , so people still need jobs . 
  on top of that , if you * do * commit a crime , you lose it , which is not something i could see any european government do . 
  still , [ alaska has the highest violent crime rate of the whole usa . 
  ] ( http://247wallst.com/special-report/2015/01/02/the-most-dangerous-states-in-america-2/4/ ), 
   i doubt it in the current political climate . 
  the one in which all the right-wingers are failing and all the open-borders people are cheering and partying ? 
  everything will be back to normal soon . 
  including the pardons . 
  and if they do it next year , everyone will have forgotten it by the time there are new elections anyway . 
  the days of ` we better dial it back a bit lest we end up like britain and the us ' are over . 
  ubi is a bad idea . 
  if people have no purpose in life , they 'll degenerate into a clockwork orange-style sadistic criminals . 
  this is already true of the chronic welfare dependents . 
  ubi will turn * everyone * into a chronic welfare dependent .
