  the fluid nature of the islamic identity in europe does n't make it any less monolithic - much like a tsunami . 
  if you do n't believe me , try drawing muhammad and let 's find out . 
  i think it 's pathetic that you accuse me of being a conformist . 
  had i been a conformist i would 've adopted the rhetoric in turkey a decade ago , and here i 'd be spouting bullshit about how we * did n't * commit a genocide or that we are practitioners of a religion of peace that 's just sadly misunderstood , so we have to fly planes into buildings or massacre cartoonists inside their offices or generally be so wicked that not even al qaeda could adopt a portion of us . 
  had i been a conformist , well , turkey would be a fantastic place for me to live . 
  i could keep parroting what i heard since i was a kid , grown a silly moustache and i 'd be set for life . 
  i would n't have to leave the only place i 've ever known for someplace where i will inevitably face challenges , because i am starting a new life . 
  and why do i do this with enthusiasm ? 
  because i do not , unlike the people who are in the center of what we are talking about , define myself over what i was born into , what was fed to me , where it was fed to me . 
  i define myself over who i want to be and where i want to be . 
  i do n't want a little turkey in norway for these reasons precisely . 
  ps : i checked your post history and it seems that you live in france . 
  before accusing other people with being conformists , try being on the opposition in turkey ( see : gezi park ) or try being a non-muslim , if you dare . 
  i think you are forgetting the fact that russia has tried to invade * all * her neighbours in the last century . 
  all of them . 
  some of the countries russia has invaded are n't even her neighbours anymore , so that paints the picture regarding their expansionism , also underlines the explanation for the disdain for them . 
  i do n't think europe needs people begrudgingly lending a hand to solve conflicts starting with `` we are muslims , but we will help you out with this '' . 
  that only leads to the muslims being some sort of a privileged clique that is oh so gracious for having the common sense to defuse societal issues - unlike everyone else . 
  and what makes them so special , because they follow a different creed in life ? 
  millions of people in europe follow different creeds in life , and yet they cast their personal feelings aside to build something better . 
  europe does n't need muslims taking initiative as muslims . 
  europe needs muslims taking initiative as europeans . 
  and if you identify as the first instead of the latter then i do n't think you should be living in europe after all ( this part is not aimed at you , but at the muslims in europe who think that they deserve special treatment ) . 
  my whole life i disagreed with the societal norms and the way of life in turkey , and voila , i 'm getting out of here . 
  with the eu being the way it is , the fact that you can run from lisbon to talinn without anyone asking you `` business or pleasure ? '', 
  - it should be remarkably easier for one to get the fuck out if they feel that they do n't belong there . 
   well , the solution to that is simple . 
  you need us . 
  you need muslim people who would work with you to change stuff . 
  talk about delusions of grandeur, 
  underrated, 
  `` finland is one of the most russophobic countries in europe '' gee , i fucking wonder why . 
  i think it 's you who should stop being inconsiderate . 
  i did n't lie . 
  if we assume that certain people with certain opinions are incapable of truth , we may aswell expand that incapability over anyone but us . 
  that results with the `` right kind of people '' having a monopoly over truth . 
  any iota of interest in political history would 've resulted in you coming to the same conclusion . 
  the `` bloke '' clearly insinuated that this bit of news could not be true entirely because the source was right-wing christian . 
  as if , who they are makes them liars by nature . 
  i refuse that . 
  i do n't understand what you are trying to say . 
  the bloke i replied to dismissed the article in its entirety because the source was right wing christian . 
  i say again - so what ? 
  i 'm emigrating soon - i 'm an atheist . 
  these people would probably hate me , i 'd probably hate them back , but it does n't make them liars . 
   pj media is a right wing christian `` news '' organisation so fucking what ? 
  is the monopoly of truth only attributed to the left ? 
  i am good at waking up when i have a purpose other than the daily drudgery - meeting people , fighting people , shopping , you name it . 
  when it 's just work or just exercise that day i 'm suddenly a lot less enthusiastic about the concept of being awake . 
   they are all that was what i found sad . 
  we 're all assholes to someone , no matter who we are . 
  you 're serbian , you guys are n't exactly popular in the balkans . 
  i 'm turkish - same goes for us . 
  i think it 's about time we stopped doing this . 
  i know some bosnians , they 're all right . 
  i bet you 're all right too . 
  let 's not paint everyone with the same brush , man . 
  this is so subtly sad that it 's hilarious, 
       if i agree to meet at 10:00 , i get up at 5:00 , have a coffee and breakfast , shower , smoke a cig , dry my hair , get dressed , and bam , it 's 9:50 . 
  are you me ? 
  `` we do n't want you to be together ! '', 
  `` lol k '', 
  mate you should brush up on geography . 
  amsterdam is a city , just like den haag and den maark . 
  the capital is belgium . 
  who needs golden toilets when you can shit on the hopes of young people ? 
   sweden is no different then old soviet russia where things were ruled with an iron fist . 
  you have to admit that you are exaggerating, 
   the ` left ' are the main culprits of everything you wrote in your first paragraph . 
  they openly promote overpopulation of our country and call anyone who opposes it a racist that 's exactly what he said , are you blind ? 
   also , i reject the term islamophobia spot on . 
  phobia by definition is an irrational fear . 
  there is nothing irrational about debating how much of an influence an inhumane iron age myth should have over societies that define themselves with liberties and human rights . 
  beautiful . 
  did n't get very far then eh, 
  * i delisted this submission because it is a random local news . 
  ex-muslim like mona here . 
  would n't be surprised if this happened in turkey , a disgrace that it happened in scandinavia . 
  when people see a bunch of stinking assholes , they usually do n't exclaim `` how do you know it 's shit ? 
  it 's not even out yet ! '', 
  - which is what you 're doing while the people you are debating mostly underline the assholes part . 
  of course , i do n't intend to say that these esteemed members of the european parliament are assholes or their political motives are shit - just bad metaphors on my part . 
  how could i possibly have implied that ? 
  tesla cars really are n't a big thing in turkey, 
  oh god , this is brilliant `` dich ficken , dass bis . '', 
  hahahahahahahaha, 
  there are degrees of liberties . 
  freedom is binary by definition . 
   you ca n't deport citizens how many times do i have to say it on this subreddit sorry for not following every bit of your words , comrade premier . 
  i shall excuse myself out of the motherland now . 
  i am leaving my country for the very sake of freedom of expression itself . 
  i understand that freedom of speech is a binary thing - it either exists or it does n't . 
  if i said that i did n't like islam that 'd be an understatement , but i 'd fight for their right to practice their religion or express their opinions . 
  that goes for the white supremacists too . 
  however , once people are conspiring to murder a a cartoonist/someone darker than marble/someone who believes in something they do n't - why should people who harbor no tolerance for the concept of tolerance itself should be tolerated ? 
  if a thousand people who openly declare that they would destroy everything that makes your society an example for the rest of the world , why the hell do you have to appease them ? 
  norway also keeps feeding a man named mullah krekar , who created a damn terrorist network . 
  if i wanted a country where a loud minority could bully their way into being respected , i would 've stayed here . 
  so why are these people not being deported ? 
  if white danes attended the funeral of another white dane who was infamous for plotting the murder of an immigrant , denmark would 've been crucified .
