  it is in a very literal sense , keeping one 's ear on the ground . 
  as per the west v. islam , there are no good guys in that story . 
  i think it 's absolutely irreversible . 
  ten years from now turkey 's social fabric will be fundamentally different . 
  turkey has close to 3 million syrian refugees - around the population of berlin or twice the size of hamburg . 
  these people wo n't be going back home . 
  i know that for a fact because i 've personally seen how they are being handed out turkish citizenship - to give them an incentive to vote for a certain party . 
  this also cancels any hopes of turkish visa-free travel in the eu because doing that would be giving 3 million syrians free travel in the eu . 
  for me there have always been a few countries in the region that stood out with their virtues and turkey was one of them . 
  however the normatives that made turkey a special place in the region have been altered by erdo\u011fan 's very own ikhvan . 
  it pains me to say this as a leftie-liberal , and i use the word liberal in the context that denotes a person who opposes oppression of any kind , that the republican virtues which kept the country as-is as we know it have been thrown out of the window . 
  it is very easy to erode that kind of thing but it takes a revolution to instill those values . 
  i 'm afraid turkey will face a very yugoslavian story in the near future . 
  the only good outcome of the last 10-15 years in the middle east is that the rest of the world had a chance to see the true face of political islam and islamic dominated societies . 
  so when the next kissinger comes up with the brilliant plan of giving people who are stuck perpetually in the iron age anti-air weaponry , i expect the western public 's fist to be firmly up his arse . 
  i think it 's a mistake to pretend that erdo\u011fan is the only thing that 's wrong . 
  the entire state apparatus is dirty and turkish nationalists whitewash it constantly . 
   two-bed apartment plus allowance and kept feeding me free beer and taking about her university studies that 's funny because to have all that in berlin costs less than going out for a night in oslo . 
  i 've been seeing this sort of articles more and more often on western outlets and i have a laugh every time . 
  it was only a few years ago when the eu and the us could n't collectively stop sucking erdo\u011fan off , and they are still talking about `` reform '' . 
  erdo\u011fan put turkey on an irreversible course and the worst is yet to come . 
  i think germans really like making questionable political choices throughout history . 
  we 're right up there with them . 
  based baguettes . 
  been living in norway for a year now and they also adopted the german custom of eating bread that looks and tastes like asphalt for the sake of health . 
  fuck that . 
  this is ridicilous . 
  it 's unique , sure . 
  and maybe if you spend only a few days there it 'll end up being a nice experience . 
  but on a longer term , it 's 18 millions of people stacked on top of eachother . 
  the nicest historical bits of the city are often abused or not taken care of . 
  istanbul is a magnificent place , just not the kind of place that fills you with positivism . 
  kinda like the death star . 
  mate if istanbul managed to fill you with positivism you had to be going through some serious depression . 
  no i mean the guy who wrote on this webpage . 
  a denouncement would be all right , the writer calls all totalitarian regimes fascist . 
  which is n't the case . 
  i can only agree with that . 
  i mean , i was much more provocative back then but again , i was 15 . 
  i do n't know what getting a 15 year old beaten up would fix in the country . 
  it 's pretty standard stuff to be honest ( what they tried to do ) . 
  i 'm just lucky because i had people who looked out for me . 
  i think if given the opportunity they 'd beat me senseless but would n't kill me . 
  i did n't ask the albanians to bring guns , they 're just mental . 
  the people who came to help did n't explicitly do it because of aligning political opinions . 
  most of those knew me since i was a kid , i grew up amongst a very diverse group of people . 
  the punks and the anarchists were just some people i hanged out with at the time . 
  apparently erdo\u011fan is a follower of the vardian school . 
  * `` chat shit , get banned '' *, 
  the day i learned i was targeted i saw an entire alley full of people with clubs and whatnot waiting for me across our high school . 
  so when i left school that day i had to conceal who i was . 
  the school management was nowhere to be found . 
  i spent the rest of the day on the phone trying to get people who would fight alongside me . 
  i knew a lot of people from the streets so it was n't very hard . 
  punks , kurds , albanians , anarchists , black metal fans , you name it . 
  next day i had 50 guys outside my school armed with more diversity than a swedish wet dream . 
  brass knuckles , clubs , knives , one of the black metal fans brought a two handed sword . 
  two of the albanians had pistols . 
  when i left the school building that day i joined them and started waiting outside . 
  the school 's headmaster came out with the rest of the management and called me a bandit and a thug . 
  i said i 'd gladly accept those names if he could tell me where he was the day before . 
  he called us to disperse or he 'd call the cops . 
  so we went and hid at a construction site nearby and waited for the guys who gunned for me , at least the ones who were from my school . 
  i wo n't go into details but they could n't come to school for a while after that . 
  our only other interaction was an apology which i received from them . 
  at the end of that year i transferred to a different school and from what i heard the german teacher got fired . 
  he was n't an akp fan , far from it , but a real turkish racist . 
  more along the lines of nihal ats\u0131z . 
  some german-born turks tend to have very strong turkish nationalist beliefs . 
  haha , i wish it was that cinematic . 
  in reality i had to disappear for two days from the 20 + people gunning for me until i could organise all of my people to be at a certain place at a certain time . 
  after that it was pretty sweet though . 
  they probably took the kids ' phones . 
  logs are protected , 14 year olds are n't . 
  when i was in high school someone screencapped some political stuff i said on the internet , printed it out and gave it to the headmaster . 
  the ultranationalist german teacher was in the room apparently and he painted a huge crosshair on my back , a 15 year old at the time , and rallied the nationalist youth at school against me . 
  needless to say it caused a giant clusterfuck and i had to rally my own people . 
  but this is how shit works at turkish schools if you are even remotely political . 
  i wish . 
  lego has a purpose , you can see what it can do and what it ca n't . 
  lego has a clear fate . 
  man , on the other hand has to endure so much before he finds what he is meant to live for . 
  i 'd love to have been lego for many years of my life , it would have been a moment of punctuation in an otherwise meaningless existence . 
  that looks like someone made it out of lego mate, 
  i need this to be funded asap, 
   my theory is that if you act super nice to the people or governments they feel ashamed for not answering your demand or threating you badly and i believe this worked for gezi because people prevented retards from doing retarded stuff . 
  after the whole syria debacle , it seems like the only other place that gives turks permanent residency is la la land . 
  funny that , coming from an austrian . 
   the scariest thing government ever did to me was that one night a police officer asked for my driving license and wished me a good evening afterwards and that was all sounds like you 've never been to a football match , never actually did anything during gezi , were never a part of a student demonstration , never mourned anyone , never heard about the saturday mothers , never rallied for hrant dink , never publicly denounced erdo\u011fan or talked about history outside of the high school lessons . 
  well , you sound like the perfect consumer . 
  how is it possible to live in a country like ours for 25 years , travelling through half of it and having done absolute fuck all ? 
  blows my mind . 
  thank you for your input , herr g\u00fcnther, 
  yep . 
  welcome to turkey . 
  population : 2, 
   good for turkey , islamic countries in this episode of `` what really grinds my gears '', 
   if tito had created a decentralized , democratic yugoslavia from the beginning , then yugoslavia would still exist today . 
  yeah good luck doing that off of the back of a german invasion and while both stalin and the allies are gunning for you , and while so many of your citizens are armed that any imbalanced attempt at political manuevering could splinter them into a million fractions . 
  tl ; dr if my aunt had balls , she 'd be my uncle .
