that 's rich coming from an american . 
  maybe you should ask henry kissinger . 
  rome does . 
   about 15 yeats ago finally , the poetic time measurement tool the world needed . 
   if turkish music performers are so bountiful and so amazing , then why does n't anyone want to listen to them ? 
  it 's almost as if people have different tastes . 
  it 's such a shame that you could 've made a dozen well founded , solid arguments about what happened and yet you had to do precisely what the bellends who are getting criticised here : fault someone over a cultural characteristic . 
  contemporary turkish musicians share the same qualities as the other contemporary musicians around the globe ; most of them are shit , some of them ok and there are some gems . 
  what keeps them secluded is that most of them do n't sing in english , which is * the * language if you are aiming to reach masses worldwide . 
  tl ; dr bite my turkish arse and go to hell, 
  oh i fucking hope so . 
  he 's one of those fools who thinks that every autocrat is a fascist because he visited wikipedia once . 
  that 's cute . 
  where have you been for the last 13 years ? 
  absolutely , except for the fact that it 's impossible right now . 
  the turkish state is being ran by moustached weasels who happen to combine the worst aspects of the turkish identity , mainly toxic islamism and hawkish nationalism . 
  pkk on the other hand has a wide network of fragmented leaders who are balls deep into that sweet drug money ( stratfor 's robert fragnito states that they have a budget estimated at $ 86 billion ) - do you see it now ? 
  the heads of both sides rake in unbelievable amounts of cash and power from the continuation of the conflict . 
  erdo\u011fan gets to be the president , pkk gets to swim in dosh ; all the while conscripted and/or oppressed 19 year old kids shoot eachother wearing different shades of green . 
  i think you are forgetting the fact that half the fucking country supports them , plus mhp , their sidekicks . 
   literally everyone i wish i could be as optimistic, 
   many , if not most of those deaths matter of fact is that pkk alone is blamed for 30000 deaths , but to me it always felt that this was a really wrong way of looking at it . 
  counter-guerrilla 's atrocities are undeniable , but turning this into a pissing contest by the numbers , in my opinion , is n't very constructive either . 
  i have two sides that kill different ethnicities and opinions indiscriminately and calling it patriotism and a just cause . 
  one side that shoots teachers , another that `` disappears '' people . 
  and i am sick of both of them . 
  thanks for confirming why i had to leave that shithole , ar\u0131n\u00e7 . 
  i do n't have a dog in this fight , and i abhor the circumstances the kurdish people have been through . 
  that does n't make me approve the death of 30.000 people from various walks of life at the hands of pkk , however . 
  pkk has been labeled a terrorist organisation long before erdo\u011fan was a player in politics , and they have been acting like a terrorist organisation long before that aswell . 
  i understand and sympathise with the motivations behind pkk , and i would support their desire for liberty if they did n't resort to things like shooting teachers or massacring villagers who do n't support their fight . 
  i also understand that for a long time the kurds were left with no other venue besides violence , but it does n't make the pkk right . 
  it does n't make us right either , it just makes a whole lot of people wrong . 
  as for erdo\u011fan , he was the poster boy of the west not too long ago , western leaders and media could n't stop sucking his dick about how much of a moderate muslim he was - you did n't listen to the turkish republicans . 
  and now , our republic is in the hands of mad men . 
  nobody is innocent in this . 
  `` jihadist teen hotty '' is the best job description i heard since `` writer/wizard/mall santa/rasputin impersonator '', 
   meanwhile turkish violations of greek airspace and waters that goes both ways , you know . 
  there is no sabre rattling with just one sabre . 
   oh just fuck off already , you utter disgusting excuse for a human being . 
  well are n't you civil, 
  you were talking about the interpretation of islam , and said that the turkish interpretation of it has done a lot of good to the country . 
  that 's wrong . 
  turkish hinterland harbours people who were isis before isis . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sivas_massacre you want to know what kind of state i prefer ? 
  i want a state that 's not influenced by religion at all . 
  turkey is , de jure , a secular state , yet there is a ministry of religion working entirely for sunni muslims , whose funding is second only to the military . 
  the funding it receives is greater than the budget of cern . 
  i prefer a state where my taxes do n't get spent for something i do n't believe in . 
   its not 13th century anymore . 
  careful now , you do n't want to offend anyone . 
  disco . 
   the turkish interpretation has done good to the country . 
  i went through quite a few phrases to find a better one but for now `` fuck off '' will have to do . 
  an unfortunately accurate burst can break necks in an instant . 
  best case is that you 're dead , worst case is that you 're a vegetable for the rest of your life . 
  here 's a textbook case , it 's published by a cop channel too . 
  the title is `` the fate of the protester who stood up to the armored vehicle '' - they sound rather proud of themselves , do n't they ? 
  nasty cunts . 
  this is probably what they used to justify it : https://www.usc.edu/org/cmje/religious-texts/quran/verses/004-qmt.php#004.074  let those fight in the cause of allah who sell the life of this world for the hereafter . 
  to him who fighteth in the cause of allah , - whether he is slain or gets victory - soon shall we give him a reward of great ( value ) . 
  they really do n't strike me as `` worried about the collateral '' types . 
  * i delisted this submission because it is a random local news . 
       this is nothing : only the haters islamophobes , racists , nationalists , etc. , who take revenge for being evicted out of / r/europe . 
  they campaign a little war to promote their `` freedom '' to pour their hate down all over reddit . 
  you sound like this russian guy who blames the cia for everything . 
  i hope that these guys get the recognition they deserve , takes a lot of courage to do something like that . 
  the people . 
   he probably wants to sell southern jutland to germany from what i read about * udkantsdanmark * , that could turn out to be * \u00fcberhyggelig * for denmark :p, 
  did n't expect any different from the cunts who did this to mehmet ezer , a ten year old boy . 
   the syrian society is n't that much backward , though it still is . 
  do you often use the english equivalent of `` am\u0131na koydu\u011fumun dallamas\u0131 '' during debates ? 
  just curious, 
  does your sense of humor consist of insulting people in a language they do n't understand ? 
  so does mine !, 
  but in real life , not on a board where the only way people can communicate is reading what 's written . 
  this guy is insulting people in turkish . 
  what he said could roughly be translated as , `` look at this fucking wanker trying to get an eli5 '' cnytyo , people like you are a major reason why the bilingual trend is disliked . 
  i hope that you get banned . 
  i have a link from when he had to resign . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2011/nov/06/greece-george-papandreou i disagree when it comes to the referendum . 
  if it had happened in 2011 greece would 've been some sort of a limbo still , stuck in a status quo . 
  this way , they can make a fresh start . 
  at least , unlike g-paps , tsipras had the spine to do this . 
  i just hope that greece manages to pull an iceland . 
  it 's funny how george papandreou said he 'd do the same right before he resigned , and now he 's talking shit about tsipras because he actually kept his word . 
  i hope what 's best happens for greece . 
  i have roots with her that i ca n't simply forget . 
  in the meantime , here 's a song in turkish , sung by a greek . 
  no , i 'm spot on about europe . 
  your link is n't about europe or europeans - it 's about the decisions of the people claiming to represent it . 
  i will not judge based on the heads of a state instead of the people of a land . 
  assign blame where it belongs . 
  do n't put your opinion on a newspiece . 
  it 's against the rules and i do n't think people want their own perception replaced by a title . 
  i certainly do n't . 
  look at all the people asking for massive ban waves , downvoting even the most civil comments . 
  and they have the temerity to talk about brigading . 
  let 's put this into perspective . 
  the top post on / r/soccer has received close to 3300 upvotes in 9 hours .
