  yes because they have such a huge following innit, 
  you lot seem to be doing all right in that regard, 
  must have found what 's left on mutu 's table, 
  i 'm glad that the citizens of the eu are so well integrated , you missed the joke just like a german . 
  joke 's on them , they will need a visa now, 
  you should take back control, 
   you can pay a polish guy # 300 a week , and them ask for # 200 of that back at the end of the month if you let him stay on your premises exactly the same thing happens in norway . 
   the only thing a polish immigrant cares about is how much vodka costs in the local polish shop nice argument mviii, 
  she 's german and been there since 1973 for fucks sake . 
  if you want to tie it to something that 's happening now at least make an effort . 
  what a wanker, 
  your understanding of the government is utterly shagged, 
  people voted remain under certain conditions . 
  one of the most major conditions has been breached . 
  i spent a year in norway so i can picture what you are talking about very accurately . 
  life is funny , i 'm as working class as it gets and while i was staying at my ex 's place i got to live in one of the richest suburbs in the entire country . 
  the way their teenagers acted baffled me because these kids who spent more in a week than what my dad made in a month were all about wearing gangster clothing and listening to shitty trap remixes of actually pretty decent hip hop tracks . 
  the funniest part is that they all wore the same clothes , went to the same places , had the same hobbies . 
  so yeah , the hivemind is real . 
  it was funny to me because these kids loved my tattoos , boxing memories etc. 
  they aspired to that shit for some reason . 
  i was in a relationship throughout my time in norway and i do n't take kindly to cheating so i never did that , but norwegian girls were making advances pretty much all the time . 
  but that might have been because i was the foreign , `` eksotisk '' guy ( heard that one ) . 
  also , upper class norwegian girls have a really profound weakness for the whole bad boy thing . 
  but you know what , the moment you leave your country , you are the `` eksotisk '' guy . 
  i 'm not telling you to grab a mail order wife from thailand or something but hey , you guys are eu members still . 
  it 's almost july . 
  go someplace , you 'll be all right . 
  i 'm genuinely sure that you 'll find love as well . 
  you sound like a nice guy , you 'll be all right . 
   no friends , no girlfriend , never got any internships/summer jobs . 
  people at university sucked boo fucking hoo . 
  we have 14 year olds dying here for showing the tiniest modicum of dissent on the street , you live in an actual functional democracy and do n't take part in shaping the future of your country because you do n't have a girlfriend ? 
  at what point did swedes become such poofs exactly ? 
  people like you are why parliaments get hijacked by people like sverigedemokraterna because they actually bother getting off their collective arses . 
  if the englishman is good at pulling out i do n't see what the problem is, 
   the mega sujet clearly the moderation team learned no lessons from last year 's shitstorm, 
  easy now, 
  enlightened . 
  you underestimate the norwegians ' fondness of regulations, 
  what are you implying ? 
  the body is obviously holidaying and volunteered to be there, 
  seeing his flair , i do n't think he 's a stranger to the concept . 
  those are fighting words , boyo . 
  exactly . 
  norway pulling out of the oil game would drive up the prices , something which the russians would welcome . 
  if the eu has juju good enough with russia to get them to invade a whole damn country , they 'd just buy the oil from them . 
  edit : hell , if anything , russians would be the ones trying to force norway out of the oil market , making europe entirely dependant on russian fossil fuel . 
  now if the show had been about a pro-kremlin norwegian administration getting ousted by an eu intervention , that would be something to watch . 
   i enjoyed the plot i have a bridge to sell you at a very competitive price, 
  having lived in norway and having read some of his stuff , i believe jo nesbo 's writing is what you call '' \u043c\u0430\u043a\u0443\u043b\u0430\u0442\u0443\u0440\u0430 '' . 
  i used to watch the show while i was in norway to brush up on my norwegian . 
  while i disagree with the low budget part , it is shit . 
  the premise was very exciting but the execution fell even shorter than i thought . 
  sounds like turkish islam, 
  the first rule of joking about is being funny , so you are already disqualified, 
  the first rule of the fight club is that you do not talk about fight club, 
  i 'm sure the people who partnered with the nazi germany are relieved to hear that . 
  maybe you 're stupid so i 'll put this simply . 
  i 'm not blaming the eu for our troubles , i 'm blaming certain politicians in the eu for partnering with him and granting him the legitimacy as a `` reformer '' which he used domestically . 
  if that was too complicated for you i 'm sure i can find something easier next time . 
  thank you so much for acknowledging this . 
  i wish the eu got off erdo\u011fan 's cock a decade ago , things could have been different now . 
  you mean legia fans ? 
  [ please ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/42/fe/f7/42fef7b60a63253c3a7b9af71c6948c6.jpg ), 
   nationalist  says stupid shit oh the shock, 
  https://imgflip.com/i/158cxk here it is in pie chart form, 
  funny to see you comment on all my posts . 
  but yeah , genocide denial is nothing new in turkey . 
  wish you knew the difference between an intelligent person and an intellectual . 
  russia has been at odds with the west for the last few centuries , that 's nothing new . 
  not diversifying the economy is entirely his fault , though . 
  kadyrov openly said that his men were fighting isis . 
  what i do n't understand is why i get treated like i am a putin fanboy when i merely say that one probably should n't underestimate someone as a mere thug if he spent the last 40 years in military espionage and diplomacy . 
  and that 's something anyone employed could appreciate . 
   a thug : he has street smarts guy was the director of the fucking kgb . 
  it 's not somewhere you arrive by accident , you do n't simply walk into the lubyanka when you just take off your leather jacket and fake adidas shoes . 
  putin * is * the structure inherited from soviet times . 
  you 'd be surprised how many turkish people suddenly start echoing erdo\u011fan once the armenians are the subject . 
  putin is actually intelligent and well educated . 
  erdo\u011fan is a turkish gopnik . 
  what a fucking disgrace, 
  as someone who 's currently living in norway , this video really grinded my gears . 
  she should go back to iraq perhaps , enjoy the fruits of the perfectly functional society they have in place there . 
  what a shame . 
  the article screams of deja vu, 
  wroclaw is one of my favourite places , i 'm glad that nobody lost their lives . 
  yes . 
  anybody remember lena meyer ? 
  i 'd take her over porn any day of the week . 
  i wish you did n't have to explain that because it was pretty funny, 
  `` hey you guys are all right '', 
  i agree completely . 
  at least you have industries though - i know people from all over europe who work in ireland in it . 
  turkey chose to make a quick buck with construction & privatisation but yeah like you said , once it 's depleted it 's going to be one hell of a hangover . 
  many people will disagree with me but it was n't that different . 
  before him it was a military elite with a long tradition of flipping the table if they did n't like the cards they were dealt . 
  the key difference is that those guys at least adhered to some tenets which could be considered very progressive in this region . 
  erdo\u011fan is n't only corrupt as fuck but he also envisions a very islamic future for turkey . 
   a large portion of turks agree with this that 's true and often understated .
