  https://www.reddit.com/r/soccer/comments/3b94u8/ospina_sick_double_save_vs_argentina/ the number of their subscribers is 360.000 people . 
  europe has 15.000 more subscribers , and there was debate about these subjects even before i made this thread , so i think their momentum might 've carried over here . 
  why would n't i ? 
  i think you have some prejudices . 
  i was there when they did that procedural part . 
  there was also a delisting before that one . 
  i am sure that mods can confirm , or deny if it 's a part of that procedure or not . 
  * if my aunt had balls , she 'd be my uncle . 
  http://i.cubeupload.com/w8eops.png this thread did get delisted , more than once , until it was ultimately made visible again . 
  i do n't understand all the accusations - all i did was making a point . 
  i think i should be able to do that in what claims to be a free society without getting labelled . 
  turk here . 
  i do n't think europe needs another basket case in her hands . 
  women who get raped are accused by most of the people because `` they were asking for it '' , election rallies get bombed , we have a turkish gopnik for a president , the country ca n't sustain much of the economy on the basis of production , which makes it reliant and vulnerable to foreign investment . 
  while turkey received a lot of that in the past decade , we spent none of it in sustainable growth . 
  the lira is doing horribly against the usd ( and will continue to do so ) . 
  the number of syrian immigrants in the country is higher than the population of hamburg , because there are no proper borders with syria ( which were conveniently rid of mines just a year or two before the conflict in syria began ) . 
  most of the society is xenophobic and being assaulted during the ramadan ( because you eat/drink/smoke ) is a common occurence . 
  also , armenian genocide and cyprus . 
  so , no . 
  i love sweden , i just listed some of the nefarious groups off the top of my head , so i would n't be mistaken for a stereotypical skinhead . 
  . . and i got called a nazi anyway . 
  thank you for the exceedingly civil explanation, 
  no worries . 
  thank you !, 
  sorry , i did n't know opinions were solely devised for pleasantries . 
   ( you could 've linked just the video , but no . . ) that 's what i did . 
  see here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3982tg/man_screaming_allahu_akbar_tries_to_burn_church/, 
  i find it bad too , but if you look at the very top i got labeled a nazi immediately . 
  that 's why i felt that i had to explain myself first , which is a shame . 
  see here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3b86ws/mods_of_reurope_stop_sweeping_islamist_violence/csjufbw, 
  i do n't wish to call him any names , i just think that he 's doing a bad job . 
  he does n't have to be a bad guy to do a bad job . 
  i see . 
  thank you for the explanation . 
  then why did this get delisted ? 
  the subreddit is apparently for `` a forum for discussion about europe and its neighbourhood . '', 
  - not `` a forum for listing european news '', 
  i do n't disagree with anything you say , i just wish that we could discuss them openly , like in threads like this one if they do n't get delisted . 
  i think you are trying remarkably hard to miss the point for someone who is intelligent, 
  if you are asking for my personal opinion , i think it would be the repercussions and the echoes those deaths make . 
  as human beings we managed to adopt death as a natural part of our cycles , we even found it in ourselves to accept dying in times of war natural , yet when we are victims to crime or die due to premeditated murders because you are not a certain nationality or religion , it is an unnatural end to that cycle , and that perturbs us . 
  when hrant dink , an armenian journalist who wrote here in turkey , was shot , hundreds of thousands of people rallied for him , myself included , saying `` we are all armenian '' . 
  because being armenian should not be enough reason to die , no ? 
  that perturbs me . 
  if people get bombed or shot or beheaded in their own neighbourhoods because they are not practicing a particular religion , that perturbs me too . 
  it may not be correct or valid , but this is my opinion why . 
  oh , i 'm accused of being a nazi now ? 
  * how surprising * . 
  that 's totally not a reactionary reply to criticism at all . 
  if they are committed for an ideology or a religion , yeah , why not ? 
  because some of those news contain people dying , maybe ? 
  i do n't think www.reddit.com is a major centre of isis/aq propaganda or recruitment . 
  i agree that it should be with downvoting , not mod removal . 
  i personally could n't care less about ther political positions if they just did their jobs instead of censoring what they do n't like . 
  thank you for the plebeian traduction , monsieur . 
  we the sans-franculottes are grateful . 
   dclauzel 's english is just pretty bad for mod standards then maybe he should n't be a moderator, 
   this image is insulting . 
  sorry , but people who draw and publish such things deserve a spit in their faces ( but nothing more ! ) . 
  so what ? 
  nobody makes a fuss about it when it 's not about islam . 
  i think nitpicking is undervalued . 
  if we can debate over something for hours , we * have * to nitpick otherwise we wo n't ever get to the point . 
   but there are muslims who conform , are n't they ? 
  those who live , more or less , european lives in conjunction with their past . 
  and i have absolutely no qualms with those people . 
  why would i ? 
   same way there are muslim idiots who threaten people in turkey , there are hate groups in europe who do the same to immigrants . 
  it is no different . 
  except there is a world of difference , and everyone who were attacked by racists or islamists would agree . 
  europe has itchy trigger fingers for racists - a well deserved reflex honed due to history . 
  racist attacks are covered extensively and everything that can be done to prevent them is being done . 
  however , violence fuelled by islam in europe is hushed , not covered by the media , rapes committed by immigrant groups do n't even make it to the papers . 
  if you question this , you immediately get called a racist . 
  that is a huge difference right there . 
  i find your arguments laughable , because they are not very different from the arguments of the people you mock so * comfortably * . 
  your responses seem to run on labels , like `` racists '' who complain about sjws . 
  i 'm turkish , i complain about sjws because i do n't need them to defend me . 
  i can fight my own battles . 
  you go on and on with labels , `` conformists '' , `` intolerants '' et cetera . 
  i think that explains your disdain for `` nitpicking '' , because it 's mighty easy for you when you can do everything over labels . 
  and talk about dishonesty as icing on the cake . 
  i suggest that you reevaluate everything you say . 
  because frankly you make no sense . 
  we do not conform to `` people '' , though , we conform to a set of values which keep people together . 
  i disagreed with the set of values in place here in turkey , which led me to confront with the population adhering to those , and i chose to not live with them any longer . 
  it 's that simple , for me , and it should be even simpler for someone in europe . 
  if you are in the same situation in europe and ca n't find it within you to conform to the values europe defines itself with , and `` you '' being any muslim in europe in this context , try it in turkey . 
  you do n't have to turn europe into turkey . 
  same way i and many other people have given up on trying to mold turkey into something more european . 
  exactly !, 
  now you are beginning to see it , comrade . 
  first the finns collaborated with the nazis so they could deprive the motherland from resources to buy the nokias . 
  but nokia , being not adopted by the loving arms of the motherland , ended up running out of business and being sold to the pig capitalist microsoft , thus enabling the self-destruction of capitalism in finland . 
  the glorious party leadership had it all figured out 80 years ago . 
  our species are * just now * beginning to reach the ceiling of their wisdom . 
  `` you seem to dislike us , which makes us want to bomb you into our loving embrace . '', 
  the russians did n't buy enough nokia 's back in the day . 
  oh , but when push comes to shove , muslims can be quite monolithic .
