  this makes no sense . 
  the other day i posted a bit of news ( a video ) about a man in istanbul crying allahu akbar and trying to burn down a church . 
  it got delisted by a moderator who writes everything in french and english , saying that it 's random local news . 
  i said that in that case charlie hebdo was random local news too . 
  i guess charlie hebdo was random local news too, 
  some of the background chatter : the woman in the beginning : `` is it in your religion to burn the house of the lord ? 
  that is the house of the lord . '', 
  `` these people have gotten out of control . '', 
  `` where are the cops ? '', 
  `` put it ( fire ) out , call the cops '', 
  i have no qualms with the statistics they have provided . 
  when the results are out not even they will be able to keep the truth curtained - but i 'm just surprised to see them there . 
  like i said , they are like the pravda of akp and / r/europe does n't sound like it 's very fond of our islamists . 
  by the way , thank you for the megathread . 
  it 's really well done . 
  why is the link at the very top yeni safak ? 
  they are basically a government newspaper right now . 
  if it was the 80 's would you take pravda at their word ? 
  i hope the same . 
  their spokesperson today acknowledged that votes which carried them over the 10 % threshold were `` lent '' to them , and they said that they will try their hardest to keep those votes . 
  both sides have erdogan as a common enemy , i think it will help creating some rapport between the kurds and the turks . 
  i disagree . 
  akp 's greatest strength has always been their illusion of invincibility - that illusion is dispelled today . 
  to be honest , turkish people who did n't like erdogan were always a huge majority - but i 'm just so insanely happy to see us deliver that killing blow to akp . 
  mate , i stopped being civil when they soaked the streets with the blood of the innocent . 
  but for the thread 's sake i 'll keep it to myself :p, 
  this might be our last election . 
  wish us luck . 
  ever hear of this bloke named snowden ? 
  god , this is so sad . 
  most of the time anger is the first and only emotion i can call when i see something like this , but this just makes me sad . 
  they would call these people barbarians but this is n't exactly civilised behaviour , is it ? 
  you brought this on yourself , infidel yurop , by not forgetting about massacred hundreds of thousands !, 
  the news hit the media today so this was one of the few links in english i could find . 
  ** erdo\u011fan previously said that `` he would n't let him get away with it . 
  no delicious delights for the pope, 
  right on point, 
  shooting down a civilian airliner is pretty low , even for ruthless tyrants . 
  i 'm sure all the people onboard who lost their lives would agree , if only they could . 
  something like errduvan, 
   some insanely attractive guy okay , i 'm listening . 
  and why should i take one figure over another ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/january_events_%28lithuania%29 yeah , you of all people should know it better than the rest of us, 
  your head is so far up your own ass it 's not in europe anymore either , why are you here ? 
  hahahaha, 
  for the time being , it 's not going anywhere . 
  it 's going to crash and burn after the elections , though . 
  mark my words . 
  if the opposition wins , they are going to win sound economists to handle the monetary business . 
  the opposition is not going to win . 
  under erdo\u011fan the future of turkey will become increasingly more volatile and a `` bad investment '' . 
  if you are still missing the elephant in the room , i 'll make it easier to you . 
  we are sending the fucking guns to the people doing the beheading , not their victims . 
  / r/turkey is a nationalistic circlejerk where `` no true scotsman '' is the king . 
  if this colossal clusterfuck was n't by erdo\u011fan , and say , caused by some figure whom mainstream secularists hold dear , the post would be crucified in a matter of minutes . 
  you 'd know that , seeing how you 're a moderator there . 
  erdo\u011fan is fair game but armenian genocide is not . 
  so i 'm going to pass up on that , out of principle . 
  he 's got people saying that his lackey 's prime ministership was gifted by divine will . 
  probably not 1979 levels , but definitely morsi levels of fuckery is afoot . 
  i was referring to 1979 of iran - not the 1979 of turkey . 
  it has always been that bad . 
  turkey 's economic boom was all about foreign investment - which were due to a liberal fa\u00e7ade . 
  now the masks are off , and the money is gone . 
  turkey has used * none * of that money for production tools either , so long term economy is a bust . 
  shit will hit the fan for the people who want to live like free human beings . 
  the lucky ones will leave the country somehow , the unluckies will try to swim in shit , hoping they do n't get too much in their mouths , living lives of quiet desperation . 
  a la 1979 all over again . 
  sorry , do you call ammunition humanitarian aid ? 
  if they were sending the turkmens proper aid they 'd be broadcasting it live 24/7 to get those suhweeet right wing votes . 
  if those trucks were meant for aid the mortar rounds would n't be hidden under drugs . 
  it 's obvious where the trucks were headed and you know it . 
  also , state secrets ? 
  taxpayer money is spent on funneling arms to isis or anf or whateverthefuck and the public does n't get to know about it ? 
  fuck state secrets . 
  `` truth is treason in an empire of lies . '', 
  of course he will get enough votes . 
  a few very conveniently timed power outages here and there and we 'll have a great leader !, 
  well , putin is ex-kgb . 
  they are both evil - but putin is smart and well educated . 
  erdo\u011fan is a turkish gopnik . 
  tayyipsand effect . 
  i translated it and put it into the op , but thank you for the link, 
  cheers, 
  done , both here and in the op, 
  i can provide turkish sources and translate them if you like ? 
  http://www.cumhuriyet.com.tr/haber/turkiye/288885/erdogan_dan_canli_yayinda_can_dundar_a_tehdit.html `` erdo\u011fan threatening can d\u00fcndar on live tv '' `` this is about the turkmens of bay\u0131rbucak . 
  these allegations against mit ( the national intelligence organisation ) are acts of espionage and this newspaper has now joined their ranks . 
  the turkmens of bay\u0131rbucak are receiving humanitarian aid , this has already been said . 
  i gave my lawyers the necessary instructions to sue him right then . 
  those who are genuinely sincere and honest will tell you about the education we gave them . 
  the person who made this bit of news will pay a heavy price for it , i wo n't leave him be . 
  '' , said erdo\u011fan , who joined a live broadcast on trt ( the state tv ) , regarding can d\u00fcndar 's news piece on the cumhuriyet newspaper . '', 
  here you go, 
  a turk , a greek and an armenian walk into a bar . . and apparently they talk about command & conquer . 
  do you still play c & c ? 
  i have my first decade cd 's somewhere, 
  we 're a rogue state providing arms to terrorists . 
  there 's a difference , however . 
  not necessarily , but it persecuted the ones who did n't convert after its expansion .
