  no offence but you sound rather naive . 
  i do n't know where you are from but i 'm very glad that it allowed for the cultivation of your set of beliefs . 
  in turkey 's reality , the people really have fuck all . 
  erdo\u011fan is the pinnacle of an almost 70 year old process . 
  here 's a great read if you are interested , it 's very well informed despite being written by foreign sources : http://bipartisanpolicy.org/library/turkey-transformed-the-origins-and-evolution-of-authoritarianism-and-islamization-under-the-akp/, 
  `` allowing '' something implies that you have the power to stop it in the first place . 
  against regressive and corrupt movements entrenched so deep , nothing short of a very violent revolution will bring a clean slate . 
  without a clean sweep the result would look a lot like ukraine . 
  for that clean sweep you need a popular movement willing to take the war to their own people . 
  that does n't happen unless a country hits the extremes ( example : bread prices preceding the french revolution ) . 
  the talent of corrupt leaders is to keep people thinking that they have something to lose even when they do n't have much to live for . 
  hope that 's a good explanation . 
  why are russians , chinese , arabs , americans , poles , brazilians or belarusians allowing their country to be ruined in one way or another ? 
  because a great many people who would see their country to be something better are completely powerless and unable to make an impact . 
  your question is at the core a sensible one but the method you use to question is wrong . 
  as if millions of people enjoy watching their country go down the shitter . 
  wow what a bunch of cunts . 
  they even hit the girl . 
  same story here . 
  yeah , that too . 
   it was not the german 's people 's fault that a maniac got control of your country and society yeah it kinda was actually , not meaning that they have to carry it forever . 
  but you can not isolate a nation from things like that . 
  erdo\u011fan is in power today in turkey and it is 100 % the turkish people 's fault . 
  i wish they could have a title deciding trial by combat with nestle . 
  on the red corner you have zyklon b , on the blue corner you have commodifying water . 
  let the worst win . 
   how germans decide that 's the thing , though . 
  very few germans actually have a say in this and that 's what 's pissing so many of them off . 
  a super pharma buying monsanto ? 
  sounds like they want to become the # 1 villain for the whole world . 
  they just had to shit on the 500 $ bill . 
  they will take away fiscal liberties using crime as an excuse just like they took other liberties away using terrorism as an excuse . 
  the only standard the new riot police wants you to uphold is to have unwavering support of the government . 
  other than that your physical traits do n't matter that much . 
  as long as you are willing to beat up students/demonstrators/workers / teachers etc. 
  you are in . 
  they have a different assortment of weapons . 
  some of them fire beanbags and some of them rubber bullets . 
  one particular kind gets fluidated inside in flight so when it hits you it breaks up and colours you/burns your skin . 
  http://galeri2.uludagsozluk.com/360/plastik-mermi_478085.jpg this guy was a football fan : https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-ljfcinod6yi/t6roefvj7ti/aaaaaaaabau/q2vyed1bagu/s1600/plastik-mermi-ve-fenerbahce-taraftar%c4%b1.jpg they also use german made ( heckler & koch ) 40mm grenade launchers for cs canisters . 
  they are supposed to be launched at a 45 degree angle but they use them like normal rifles . 
  trust me , that 's not fun . 
  also water with chemicals : http://outforbeyond.blogspot.no/2013/09/whats-in-menu-for-your-uprising-water.html http://outforbeyond.blogspot.no/2013/09/whats-in-menu-for-your-uprising-scent.html, 
  most of the people have an attention span of a kid in a toy store . 
  plus , civil disobedience leads turkish people into conflicting feelings . 
  during the demonstrations in the west people called the cops pigs without any second thought but when they are doing the same shit in the east the cops suddenly become `` heroes '' and `` martyrs '' . 
  i was n't defending anyone , i was reacting to things you said . 
  kindly point out where i used statistics, 
  yeah , that 's why instincts are so crucial if political decisions are determined by reflexes . 
  and by far and large i see romanians having developed an instinct against strongmen and especially corruption . 
  that makes me happy as an objective observer . 
  i promise , ceausescu could n't dream of the kind of popular support erdo\u011fan enjoys . 
  plus your people are actually politically conscious . 
  i think if conditions in one 's country lead for one to leave it , without any war or anything going on , they must be really strong to compel change on such a scale . 
  and you know , he * is * right about the turkish population . 
  i 'm from \u0130zmir and it 's all right in general but even in \u0130zmir there are people who attack churches . 
  when it 's not those cunts it 's the cops . 
  gezi was barely 3 years ago . 
  in \u0130stanbul , fatih there are people publicly collecting funds for isis and this creates absolutely no upheaval at all . 
  this * is * the turkish society . 
  whatever misplaced , romantic notions of our people being noble secular progressives embellished an eastern tradition , well , that 's bollocks . 
  the passive aggressiveness though , it 's insane is n't it ? 
  like ,  say you moved out because you wanted to . 
  as if that 's some sort of betrayal . 
  i wanted to move out for a long time because it 's a fucking joke of a country and affords her people barely any of the opportunities other countries in the world do . 
  i 'm not only talking economics either . 
  generation after generation had absolutely zero chance of making change democratically , there are bombs going off left and right , there are fucking honour killings , every party is extremely conservative on either side of the aisle and even when people do n't torch hotels to burn atheists alive , they do n't mind . 
  the apathy in the turkish society is insane and it 's criminally dangerous . 
  so why the fuck should we not go if we can ? 
  people like that drive me mad . 
  as if i owe anything . 
  you are talking about the diaspora , he is talking about professionals who migrate . 
  ( ps : the majority of our diaspora are complete wankers . 
  actually it 's the same back home aswell ) turkey is an increasingly suffocating country for many people . 
  the lifestyles are far too different between echelons of the society and the dominating one has come to be the islamist one . 
  plus , if you are even remotely actively political it 's pretty horrible . 
  the question is , you are turkish . 
  why do i have to explain this shit to you ? 
  have you been living under a rock ? 
  turkish people have less infamy in the united states . 
  i 'm sure that counts aswell . 
   you 've gone much lower than this . 
  do n't worry about it . 
  that sounds so much like as if everyone in unison cheered for his death . 
  that 's aimed right at a guy who is sombre about an attack of exactly the same kind - how does that make sense to you ? 
  i 'll tell armenian friends that they do n't exist , since you just let me know . 
  hundreds of thousands people rally for him every year , risking confrontation with ignorant cunts not entirely unlike yourself . 
  we have your kind in turkey , who go crazy at the first sight of anything different , you know that all too well . 
  they killed your ancestors , they shot hrant dink . 
  it 's funny you 're full of vitriol just the same way . 
  so maybe you can educate yourself and drop the hate or you can have a wank and fuck off . 
  u wot m8, 
  yes , this * is * what people want . 
  this is the people . 
  turkey is so deeply buried in racism and secterianism and so conservative in general that this is the natural result . 
  it 's not any different on the republican side , either . 
  they too want to have people dead because of their own reasons . 
  the entire country is a lost cause and these days bit of a fucking joke . 
  the 90 's were n't some mythical time written by fantasy authors . 
  the 90 's are here , today .
