  ( pretty much every organised religion is guilty of this ), 
  i think the actual thing we should be sad about is that this guy got dozens of upvotes . 
  there will always be jackasses in positions of power , what should worry us is the multitudes who support them . 
  ( see : my country ) if you go through my post history , i have some hate speech too . 
  every man has his ill informed hateful opinions , i do n't think that would come as a surprise . 
  but i would n't want to be a moderator , or be nominated to be one . 
  most of my hateful comments are directed towards islam and muslims . 
  and even though i hate their ideology , i would rather live in a society where i am forced to tolerate them rather than one which would silence them . 
  it 's freedom . 
  to quote c.s. 
  lewis ,  a great deal of democratic enthusiasm descends from people like rousseau , who believed in democracy because they thought mankind so wise and good that everyone deserved a share in the government . 
  the danger of defending democracy on those grounds is that they are not true ... i do not deserve a share in governing a hen-roost much less a nation . 
  nor do most people ... the real reason for democracy is just the reverse . 
  mankind is so fallen that no man can be trusted with unchecked power over his fellows . 
  aristotle said that some people were only fit to be slaves . 
  i do not contradict him . 
  but i reject slavery because i see no men fit to be masters . 
  if it was n't for politics in football a serious stance against homophobia or racism could have never been taken . 
  plus , in many countries , like mine , where freedom of assembly is under constant attack , the kurve is where we speak out loud . 
  fuck the police and fuck the officials . 
  the suits do n't make things better for you , it 's the temerity of the people . 
  `` half a million nazis died in stalingrad '' i think it 's sad that they label everyone who served in the wehrmacht as a nazi . 
  just like not everyone in the red army was a communist . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g1hcfhjlndq http://www.comtourist.com/images/large/who-is-mista-putin/vladimir-putin-021.jpg, 
  god , russia really likes stirring shit up . 
  `` come and take it '' , in greek . 
  our government is trying to pull a kissinger here by arming the islamists . 
  the point they are missing is that afghanistan shared no borders with united states . 
  our longest border is with syria . 
  now the newspaper is under `` investigation '' . 
  the article is in turkish , but there is a video right on top where you can see the arsenal lying under the meds . 
  these trucks were intercepted by the gendarmerie ( sort of like a countryside police force ) and the cops on jan. 14th 2014 . 
  the people driving the trucks tried to shoo them away by saying that they were intelligence operators . 
  all of this was hushed by the government and the government claimed that the delivery was `` aid '' to the `` suffering turkmens '' of syria . 
  ** erdo\u011fan himself ** intervened and told the cops to let them on their way . 
  http://www.cumhuriyet.com.tr/archive/2015/5/28/287071_resource/al.jpg this graph details the intercepted armament . 
  it says ; 1000 mortar rounds , 1000 artillery rounds , 50.000 machinegun rounds and 30.000 heavy machinegun rounds . 
  where this delivery was headed for is i guess an open secret . 
  are we talking about the bonzai shit here ? 
  the bloke above does n't sound like he fits the description , though . 
  i 'm moving to norway soon - studying politics and just getting as far as i can from turkey in general . 
  i hope that similiar fuckery wo n't be afoot there , because i sure as hell ai n't marrying anyone for a passport . 
  happens . 
  honestly , you do n't even need to try , muslims are the easiest group of people on earth to piss off . 
  not a muslim , you 're excused . 
  brilliant, 
  the source is a mouthpiece of the pkk - but that does not make their claim any less true , although i do take their word with a pinch of salt . 
  i 'm turkish and i know this to be true . 
   the immigration law was changed something like 16 times during the previous government . 
  in the end it was impossible for a danish person to marry and live in denmark with a person from an non-eu country . 
  danish people who married an american or russian had to live separately . 
  i had to move to sweden for a year while our application as eu nationals were being stalled by the danish authorities fucking christ . 
  excuse my manners . 
  https://i.imgur.com/gsgnm6e.jpg this is brilliant . 
  as a future immigrant , shit like this is exactly why people are starting to hate immigrants more and more . 
  i 'm really sorry for the girl . 
       there 's a lot to say about the gap between our self-image of rugged self-reliant blonde mountaineers , and our reality of city-dwelling bike-riding bobos1 with immigrant background2 . 
  so , that 's pretty much how it is in norway . 
  going over these made me realise that we have some fine ass satire . 
  in not a long time you 'd have people say that the polish people are smashing their puppies, 
  fuck yeah , switzerland . 
  we all know that it 's about time, 
  also warsaw because of legia fans, 
  really ? 
  i did n't know . 
  i visited twice and it did n't feel dangerous . 
  a spanish friend of ours was also stabbed like a month ago in wroclaw , which is one of the friendlier places in poland . 
  it 's a shame , really , because polish people are generally great and wroclaw is a fantastic , fantastic place . 
  and , it was very successful . 
  armenians are some of the oldest inhabitants of anatolia and today there is almost no presence of them left . 
  thank you for being honest about this . 
  it 's about time the nation 's faced this . 
   oh , an unrelated guy had been provided medical care . 
  if that guy 's unrelated let 's not even have this conversation . 
  islamists hold the key positions in turkey aswell but at least i 'm not being delusional about it . 
  i 'm done with this conversation . 
  your people are completely innocent , incapable of making stupid decisions and each and every single one of them are perfect snowflakes . 
  the rest of the world is constantly trying to wrong you . 
  from boston to beijing there is a global anti-chechen cabal . 
  fucks sake , you remind me of the turkish nationalists with your passive aggressive discourse and `` that guy 's unrelated '' and `` that comparison can not be made '' . 
  the great majority of my country did participate in a war , a century ago , as a result of an invasion by the world 's leading powers at the time . 
  we ended up becoming a progressive republic ( in relation to the rest of the world at the time ) . 
  not some shoddy ass emirate . 
  turkey did n't suddenly shake off thousands of people off of her territory just as when you claim it had become pro-kremlin . 
  medet \u00d6nl\u00fc ran a business in the middle of ankara for years . 
  the scandal is that he is a turkish citizen , and turkey could n't protect one of her citizens from foreign bullets . 
  that is an embarassment . 
  as per the airport bombing , the guy who trained the suicide bomber , aslan byutukayev ( aka amir hamzat ) received intensive medical care in turkey . 
  a decade after you claim that turkey had become pro-kremlin , by the way . 
  he 's an ethnic chechen . 
  do you know where he is now ? 
  he 's al baghdadi 's guy in the caucausus . 
  i acknowledge and applaud the secular chechens , and just like the secular turkish people , they are decidedly in a minority , no longer in a position of power or any relevance . 
  so all i 'm asking is , sincerely , for us both to cut the shit . 
  since i 'm so ignorant , i must 've left out how erdo\u011fan is n't the only political figure turkey ever had . 
  believe it or not , turkey had political offices before him . 
  during the reign of erbakan turkey took in thousands of chechens . 
  i 'm all for helping refugees , but many of the people we took in were active participants in the war . 
  ghazi edilsultanov , islam janibekov , and ali osayev all shed russian blood . 
  some of the people killed were connected to the airport bombing .
