  and you know what , if russia actively harboured pkk leadership , turkey would throw a shit fit . 
  while i do wish all the best to the elusive , invisible secular chechens , excuse me if i do n't shed tears for airport bombing , school shooting beheading maniacs . 
  russia is merely clearing house . 
  god , how i hate one sided propaganda from armed movements pretending to be completely innocent . 
  turkey has been a long time supporter of the chechen jihadists . 
  it goes to show the incompetence of our intelligence agencies when foreign operators can pop people on our soil , but the chechens get their virgins in heaven and the world has fewer jihadists . 
  i see it as a win-win situation, 
  or chasing people who insulted erdo\u011fan, 
   b\u00f6hmermann 's blatant racist slurs b\u00f6hmermann 's video was * geschmacklos * , but it was n't racist . 
  stop calling everything racist for fucks sake . 
  signed : a turk, 
  uruguay , paraguay , ecuador and peru were all parties to operation condor . 
  costa rica does stand out in the region though in terms of stability and democracy . 
   average salary in istanbul is 7264 turkish lira or 2254.17 euro a month what a load of shit, 
   this is `` america wants to watch the world burn while laughing '' kind of anti-american . 
  south america lived through 30 years of condor . 
  i would n't blame anyone for having that kind of sentiment . 
  you dare thank the pkk ? 
  you are banned from r/ulkuocaklari . 
  it 's funny how everyone who tries to be somewhat objective about this instead of going `` let 's gas the kurds/turks , race war now '' gets downvoted to hell . 
  this is why i do n't post on r/turkey . 
  that sounds like a pharmacy shelf actually, 
  erdo\u011fan is an actual islamist . 
  i think a better comparison could be made with pakistan instead of saudi . 
  i do n't know what it is exactly , but from what i 've seen in scandinavia ( mainly norway ) there 's shitloads of land all around and all of it is prohibitively expensive for some reason . 
  i blame the bureaucracy, 
  shit , i ca n't wait to get persecuted in the west for insulting erdo\u011fan . 
  at least norwegian prisons are cushy . 
  it 's not about food production . 
  it 's about giving people a fair chance . 
  like the frenchman said , it 's social overpopulation . 
  `` a government needs to be thrifty , because the money it receives comes from the blood and sweat of it 's people . 
  it 's fair that everyone does their part to help cover the expenses of the state . 
  but it is not fair for one to have to share half of one 's annual income with the state . '', 
  - frederick the great tl ; dr fuck off belgium, 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2tuuvs/recording_of_erdo%c4%9fan_telling_son_to_zero_1/co2x948 i wrote this a year ago . 
  some time before that post 900 lira was worth 450 $ . 
  by the time i wrote that it was worth 380 $ and now it 's worth 314 $ . 
  now 1300 lira is worth 450 $ . 
  that 's like a 35 % devaluation within the span of a year and a half . 
  the devaluation was much more due to the incompetence of the state rather than an official policy . 
  the people are already crumbling beneath the weight of insane taxes ( compared to their purchasing power ) and sometimes there are taxes upon taxes . 
  so instituting even more taxes upon foreign products is n't feasible . 
  at the same time , many of the domestic producers prefer speculating and hitting jackpot once instead of establishing stable trade within the country . 
  a good example is when many producers held off potatoes for an entire season to rack up the price . 
  in the end people just did n't buy potatoes and all that product stocked within the warehouses ended up in the trash . 
  we also do n't produce computers , cars or electronics domestically . 
  so while those are already taxed to unbelievable amounts ( cars are taxed 140 % , for example ) instituting tariffs and higher taxes on those will do nothing but to put them out of the people 's reach , further damaging trade . 
  so it 's a quagmire . 
  lowering the purchasing power of your people is * never * a good idea . 
  i 'm from turkey . 
  trust me , we 'd know . 
  that 's pretty baller . 
  i would n't be surprised if erdo\u011fan asked to see obama 's birth certificate soon . 
  indeed . 
  can you tell me where they were settled ? 
  i have n't been around much in poland but wroclaw was absolutely beautiful . 
  it 's because you bought half of denmark . 
  as if i could ever afford the taxes here on something like that . 
  seriously , you need a mortgage to have a beer in this country . 
  i agree :p i plan to move somewhere warmer once i have my diploma ( s ) . 
  moved to norway a while ago . 
  it sounds like your only interaction with europe was over the internet . 
  the average person in europe is politically correct like you would n't believe , sometimes to the point of delusion . 
  it 's mainly used by al-qaeda and taliban . 
  sure , it 's not the isis flag , but that 's not a much better entourage . 
  plus , isis was a splinter of al-qaeda . 
  we both know that this is n't the first utterly ridicilous thing in this fashion to come out of sweden . 
  muh money, 
  sweden sounds like a twisted parody of an actual country . 
  i am not insulting you because of your opinions . 
  you are entitled to hold whatever opinions that you do . 
  i am insulting you because you are making statements that ignore cold , hard facts . 
  i ca n't see chp or hdp mourning after huseyin uzmez or engaging in trade with the most heinous band of scum on earth right now . 
  i ca n't see them saying , `` we are all ansar foundation '' . 
  i ca n't see them antagonising the us and russia at the same time which is an impressive feat , by the way . 
  i ca n't see them letting a population greater the size of hamburg roam freely within the country . 
  you know fuck all about turkish politics and i am very glad that you can still vote . 
  i am glad because despite its shortcomings democracy enables a life where even clueless dummies like you can participate and do something as a citizen rather than one which silences people like you . 
  sure , man . 
  corruption , cutting deals with isis , protecting child rapists , leaving the country completely alienated from the rest of the world , allowing millions of refugees to the country without any control . 
  akp sure sounds like it 's not that shitty . 
  this could 've been very funny if you had a sense of humour . 
  underrated joke, 
  burden . 
  i ca n't tell if that 's genuine or really sarcastic . 
  the old one was much better . 
  the mod team officially dissing rt while humorously covering bbc is funny . 
  they are the same . 
  i think people have varying expectations regarding turkey . 
  if you compare it to the rest of me , sure , it looks better . 
  but that 's a pretty low bar anyway . 
  if you want the country to be like european countries then it 's failings become more apparent . 
  we 've gone from shit to worse . 
  no need to sugarcoat it . 
  polish pm is trying to out-erdo\u011fan us . 
  orban is going to use this expertly for domestic politics . 
  it 's a thrilling ride to be a turkish citizen these days . 
  every day you think that you could n't be more embarassed about your country and every new day you are surprised . 
  that sounds out of experience,
