  usa is by no means an example of a good police force . 
  keep blaming the kurds for everything that 's wrong , and if you are so brave , take your girlfriend for a walk at 3am on the streets of \u0130stanbul , or ankara or \u0130zmir . 
  see if she makes it out without feeling scared . 
   about headscarf thing , its called freedom of religion . 
  people have the basic right to wear anything they like or not wear anything at all . 
  you should 've said this in the very beginning . 
  had i known that you were an islamic nationalist i would n't even have bothered arguing with you . 
   no doubt u live in a different country or ever leave your house lmao . 
  great argument m8 if the police does n't get away with murder , then what about ahmet \u015eahbaz , who murdered ethem sar\u0131s\u00fcl\u00fck and was not sentenced ? 
   just a month ago a girl slapped a police officer in a police station and nothing happened she must be one of the lucky few who did n't get raped in the station then . 
  or `` disappeared '' or beaten up , like this guy : http://webtv.radikal.com.tr/turkiye/2355/karakoldaki-dehset-kameralara-yansidi.aspx turkish cops are mercenaries , toads , lackeys for erdo\u011fan . 
  a bunch of uneducated , unqualified lowlifes who get paid almost four times the minimum wage because they are willing to pull a trigger for the government . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
   a basic research on crime rates , election results and education system would show you how stupid you sound . 
  this is a great argument too . 
  if it 's so basic , then please enlighten us on how crime rates , election results ( you know , the ones that are known to be rigged . . by cats ? ), 
  and an education system that enables little girls to wear a headscarf as young as 7 disproves any of the things that i just said . 
  the similarity does n't end there . 
  pakistan 's isi always treated the jihadists as guests , as is the turkish mit is doing now . 
  syria will be turkey 's afghanistan , just as it was for the soviets or pakistan - an endless pit full of nothing but trouble . 
  i know how the phrase was coined , but unfortunately it means something else today, 
  i fought for a future that i believed in on the streets of that very country , only to realise that it is no longer my country , but it 's the country of people who would have me dead . 
  turkey has military coups every 20 years , the police gets away with outright murder every single day , muslims torch buildings as they like , women ca n't be safe on the streets , kids are taught arabic at school for political purposes , one in two would willingly hand their future to erdogan . 
  maybe it should burn . 
  we sure as hell are . 
  a quarter of the population lives under the poverty line , the cops are hitmen for the rich and the powerful , the government is being run by an elite that will cling to power by any means possible . 
  we could n't be more third world if i tried . 
  that 's why i got the fuck out . 
  a nuke . 
  i 'll take a diaspora kurd over a local jackass any given day . 
  translation is n't about words , it 's about context . 
  he got it done better than a machine translation , which is only natural . 
  the links are strictly nsfw . 
  this was the photo shared by the hdp leader selahattin demirtas . 
  hdp is often dubbed as the `` kurdish party '' . 
  http://i.imgur.com/pxczftn.jpg there is also a video shot , apparently by a member of the security forces . 
  it was originally posted on facebook , but we ca n't share facebook links here so i downloaded and uploaded it to somewhere else . 
  here it is : https://vid.me/j0x0 i speak turkish , and the person capturing the video says : `` keep driving buddy , this is a beautiful sight . '', 
  ( aimed at the corpse ) `` fuck your mother , you son of a whore . 
  fuck your mother . '', 
  nice try , emir . 
  the difference is that to greece , a military coup seems like a disaster . 
  to us , it seems like a way out . 
  do you see the difference ? 
  it 's not really an issue of ethnicity in my opinion . 
  our particular brand of islamic conservatism fucks up people , turks and kurds alike . 
  the conservatism becomes stronger the further you go east . 
  turkey will never ever join the eu because we will never ever be an even remotely properly democratic country . 
  fucking romania is in the eu because even they make an attempt at curbing corruption and solidifying democracy . 
  the culture of ultranationalist conservatism , corruption and intolerance is far too deeply rooted here . 
  let 's not blame others for that . 
  i was initially put off but your comparison is actually an astute one . 
  you see , britain was successful because it had a diversified industrial map - liverpool , manchester , sunderland , newcastle , hull , glasgow and more . 
  now everything revolves around london . 
  turkey on the other hand in fact never had that diversification . 
  while there are some industrial bases in cities like bursa , none of them can hold a candle to istanbul . 
  we have a population of 80 million souls and 20 million of them live in istanbul . 
  so in that sense , britain became much more similar to turkey ( and its failures are easily observable ) however the actual chasm between the turkish east and the turkish west is innumerable , it is a cultural divide . 
  i have just returned from a cosy evening with my girlfriend who can dress as she likes , go out when she wants and be with whoever she wants to be ( i 'm the lucky bastard in this context ) . 
  however , the further east you go , the smaller the probabilities of that happening become . 
  there is absolutely no fucking way of me living this evening in erzurum or diyarbak\u0131r . 
  none . 
  half the country looks like greece , but the other half looks much more like syria . 
  i can just imagine the german tanks rolling through, 
  indeed , since i 'm not the one who could shoot legally . 
  it 's the time of bullets now , not ballots . 
  i would also like to have an answer to this, 
  delights, 
   internet was slow as fuck the internet is still slow as fuck . 
  to be fair their dynasty survived for 2700 years innit, 
  more like egypt under muslim brotherhood rathern than sa , i think . 
  maybe , but they ca n't suck like our government . 
  nah mate , they are not terrorist supporters . 
  [ but in erdo\u011fan 's turkey , everyone is a terrorist . 
  ] ( https://foreignpolicy.com/2016/03/24/in-erdogans-turkey-everyone-is-a-terrorist-kurds-pkk-terrorism/ ), 
  cumhuriyet is one of the few remaining quality publications left in turkey and arguably the best one . 
  this is such a fucking shame . 
  being honest also helps, 
  i said us dollars . 
  still does n't amount to 80 % but fuck facts , i had a long day . 
  pretty sure the health budget is n't 7 trillion anything . 
  the total gdp of the eu is around 16 trillion us dollars . 
  if you 're telling me that 80 % of that is going to healthcare , then i 'll just shut up . 
   7 trillion what, 
  they could have been if you had n't acted like right tossers . 
  i know a country which acts that way when i see it , i live in turkey, 
  exactly the same deal in turkey, 
  quite a few people think that he was awarded the nobel prize ( in literature ) because he recognised the genocide, 
  thanks for the reddit gold , i appreciate it dearly as it 's my first time but now watch the incoming orhan pamuk comparisons :p, 
   chp kind of nationalism as if that 's any better, 
  i wonder if this is going to be called the streisandyan effect . 
  turkey has to face its past sooner or later, 
  the danes probably took them into their mouths as well, 
  ayyy, 
  and that 's the one for my love life . 
  if my memoirs were a chemistry book , this would be its title . 
  i hope that this wo n't have any backlash on the ukrainians living in poland , because i know that there are many of them, 
  try being turkish, 
  so say we all, 
  we really should n't have our nose up everybody 's arse,
