   there is only one god big if true, 
  nvidia - the way it 's meant to be believed, 
  they really want to fuck the eu over do n't they, 
  hey serj . 
  turkish fan here . 
  i do n't really have a question but wanted to say hi . 
  most countries in the region suffer from corruption and nepotism very deeply and armenia being a former soviet country suffers from it particularly . 
  so in that regard , i can relate . 
  i hope the just and egalitarian society you are talking about comes to fruition . 
  i do n't know how long my country is going to keep denying the genocide for but i hope that comes to resolution as well . 
  cheers . 
   secular and educated people are not leaving turkey bullshit, 
  thanks . 
  might come in handy in the future . 
  a norwegian looking for confrontation ? 
  that 's as uncharacteristic as it gets . 
   i just think you have n't encountered genuinely evil people , the real depths of humanity . 
  who are you to say that , a holocaust survivor ? 
  the title sounds like something out of the 15th century . 
   ask for a smoke . 
  or complain about shitty weather . 
  or just ask what do you in life instead of cheking your phone every 30 sec are you us ? 
  yeah . 
  turkey is kinda like the millwall of europe at the moment . 
   im from poland and `` magnificent century '' is huge here would have been bigger if your hussars had n't fucked it up mviii, 
  poor man is about to have a thrilling conversation with his family about russian prison food, 
  hey , both of you guys always have a friend in turkey , even though poland tried to out-erdo\u011fan us this year with the abortion bill, 
   i think they become more criticized then russia lately . 
  this kills the pole, 
  dolmas are just recruitment tools . 
  mediterranean nans have really dangerous stuff in their arsenals . 
  imagine all the pastries . 
   is there even any point anymore ? 
  should be the title of my memoirs, 
  i 'd gladly follow your grandma to death , hopefully from cardiac arrest as a result of excessive cholestrol and calories . 
  now you see . 
  in this world , some men just want to watch brunosten burn . 
  some things are worth fighting for . 
  ( and in my opinion , brunosten is n't one of them - i found it utterly distasteful during my time in norway but everyone is entitled to their vices , i guess ), 
   dolma my melanin enriched brethren, 
  imagine if a referendum banned brown cheese , friday taco and god forbid , lefse in norway . 
  would you not see the land watered with the blood of patriots and traitors alike ? 
  as a good friend of mine put it , tesla is like a pretty girl whom you lose interest in as soon as she opens her mouth . 
  yes , that 's probably true . 
  my russian is immensely basic . 
  thanks for the correction . 
  i love one of the comments . 
  if we really want to speak historically , i 'd actually mention the janissaries . 
  they had a nasty habit of killing sultans for greater paychecks . 
  the third world kind . 
  i hope that we 'd at least get some cool military marches out of this . 
  the russians are good at that . 
   and `` gavur '' is used as `` anyone who is not turkish '' in turkey not really , it 's also used for * infidels * . 
  no need to sugarcoat it . 
  no man with that mentality should be allowed to be part of any state organ . 
  he said that back in 2010 before his brother became the enemy . 
  erdo\u011fan talks about `` his brother assad '', 
  the cake was behind the coup, 
  thanks !, 
  better delete my porn and political commentary , the cops are going to plant better porn and better political commentary anyway and gta4 passwords, 
  or you know , we could just put a lid on global population growth . 
  by not having a baby you can have an entire fleet of hummers just patrol around your coal burning house while eating steak and spraying giant bottles of deodorants into the sky and still have less of a carbon print than someone who has two kids and drives a hybrid every day . 
  truly the uterus is the worst pollutant on earth . 
  the metaphor proudly stolen from doug stanhope . 
   he is n't erdogan 's heir . 
  he is a retard i do n't know , sounds exactly like erdo\u011fan 's heir, 
  this is also true for norway, 
  thorlacius johannesson is a porn name if i ever saw one . 
  source : a friend, 
  [ renzi 's crew as he tweeted that ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/2013/06/supa-hot-fire.gif ), 
  power hungry autocrat blames the west for the shortcomings of his own country . 
  wish i could read something fucking new . 
  yes they do . 
  i lived there for a year , they even have [ a sign ] ( https://s3.amazonaws.com/gs-geo-images/be6d9fd4-4c5a-44e4-99bb-37239267bf16.jpg ), 
  norwegians already have the santa . 
  he lives in drobak . 
  god forbid someone makes a joke which lightly alludes to a general likeness, 
  mate try scandinavians , they have flags on their birthday cakes . 
  wikileaks just got blocked in turkey . 
  would n't be my word of choice, 
  dat first girl from the left though, 
  parliamentary democracy , the system turkey currently uses , is by definition the government by the * whole * of the population . 
  that can not be stressed enough . 
  so is the good old vlad , mind you, 
  you know , you can have a wank and fuck off . 
  i got broken bones , burned skin , dodged bullets . 
  i had friends arrested . 
  we made our stand and yeah maybe we lost , but it does n't give a wanker like you to right to say that millions of people did n't try . 
  probably not . 
  people who took to the streets in 2013 saw that they just die and the rest of the country does n't give a fuck . 
  none of the people we lost were avenged . 
  so i think we 'll sit this one out , thank you very much . 
   then how could the coup be stopped by its civilians the people who went out on the streets were n't a diverse , massive crowd like gezi , they were fanatics who heeded the call which was aired on mosques all night . 
  i 'd love to have some baklava covering my face at the moment, 
  in norway they have some sort of a bad rep as well . 
  you want to see a picture of a traitor and a hyena ? 
  have a good look at farage and johnson . 
  they fucked your country and then they walked away . 
  stop calling the youth names for trying to make something out of their lives , outside of the tory shithole that your country 's about to become . 
  open your eyes , the only alternatives you have for pm at the moment is either a bumbling pathological liar or hitler with tits .
