  journalists and lawyers getting killed on the street , kurdish cities getting bombed , it 's the same all over again . 
  until recently domestic events in turkey were n't really much of concern to europe . 
  that changed . 
   islamic feminism in historic perspective what the fuck, 
  there will be no war between actual nato armies . 
  cyprus is a precedent for that matter . 
  a proxy war is another thing . 
  infighting in the nato would be the end of it . 
  putin as a person is only the greater threat because he inherited the mantle of the soviet union . 
  if erdo\u011fan commanded half the power putin does , we 'd be having a very different conversation right now . 
  which was the point i was trying to make . 
   erdogan has not gone nearly as bad as putin jeg tror det ikke . 
  if you think putin 's relationship with the oligarchs is bad , try looking at turkey where the entire economy is controlled by erdo\u011fan , his family and his cronies . 
  all organisations opposed to him are appointed a trustee by the state which passes the control to someone close to erdo\u011fan . 
  the only reason why he ca n't have people killed in broad daylight is that we are still a nato country . 
  if we were a non-aligned country , putin would look like a chess club gentleman in comparison . 
  quite a few turkish citizens vote for erdo\u011fan and wembley and the eiffel tower still went up in our colours when we were attacked . 
  this just does n't sit well with me and it will only make the feel ordinary russian joe alienated . 
  that was brilliant, 
  this was awesome , i 'm gon na laugh all the way to the prison, 
   are turkish people really this blind no , just powerless . 
  the people who had their eyes open spent the last 15 years screaming at the world about who erdo\u011fan really was while our allies in the west could n't stop sucking erdo\u011fan 's dick about what a moderate muslim democrat he was and how turkey was a model country for the region . 
  he was a product of his times . 
  no , i do n't . 
  and we wo n't ever have to get to that point because france and the eu have rule of law . 
  the constitution is more than a piece of paper there . 
  being liberal does n't mean you have to accomodate illiberal campaigns . 
  i support austria 's motion, 
  [ `` royal navy to lose missiles and be left only with guns '' ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/11/15/royal-navy-to-lose-anti-ship-missiles-and-be-left-only-with-guns/ ) are we talking about the same navy ? 
  it 's like you have no idea about the last 50 years of afghanistan . 
  unconventional warfare turns a toddler into a toddler with an ak and ieds and boys into boys willing to blow themselves up for a cause . 
  vietnamese were n't toddlers . 
  the somalis were n't toddlers . 
  the afghans were n't toddlers . 
  the iraqi are not toddlers , neither are the various factions of jihadists in syria . 
  with that kind of mentality you 'll never win a war in the third world . 
  just seeing this made me want to play total war . 
  this . 
  based gyro, 
  t90 's fare much better than modern western tanks of similar generation and configuration against atgms . 
  the balls on this guy . 
  i could only wish for a president like him in turkey, 
  he got arrested . 
  fuck this . 
  a footie match between austria and west germany and the ref was israeli . 
  nobody can tell me that was n't on purpose , i 'm laughing my arse off, 
  al nusra claimed responsibility today . 
  you were saying ? 
  agreed, 
  al nusra ( al qaeda in syria ), 
  agreed, 
  apparently he 's been a cop since 2014 . 
  riot police . 
  if that gets verified this is going to get way more fucked up . 
  he got killed, 
  he absolutely does but i think he also has training in arabic because he sounded fluent when he was speaking arabic, 
  thanks mate, 
  i could n't hear it clearly and now i ca n't access the video, 
  he says `` do not forget aleppo , do not forget syria . 
  as long as our ???? 
  are not safe you will not be able to feel safety . 
  stay back !, 
  stay back !, 
  only death will take me from here . 
  everyone who played a part in this cruelty ( referring to the russian intervention in syria ) will pay . '', 
  as long as our ???? 
  are not safe you will not be able to feel safety . 
  stay back !, 
  stay back !, 
  only death will take me from here . 
  everyone who played a part in this cruelty ( referring to the russian intervention in syria ) will pay . '', 
  shooter id 'd : http://static.karar.com/img/article_detail/16-12/19/6d84d749-09ef-4396-b457-f108dc200baf.jpg mert alt\u0131nta\u015f . 
  born 1994 in ayd\u0131n ( western coast of turkey ) he 's been a cop since 2014 . 
  riot police . 
  so a member of the turkish security apparatus just assassinated a russian ambassador . 
  this is what we fucking get when we get al-qaeda fuckers run amok in the country . 
  if you think that this is the chamberlain moment , you 're dead fucking wrong . 
  the eu 's chamberlain moment with erdo\u011fan lasted an entire decade when they hailed him a model muslim democrat and a reformer . 
  this is n't 1938 - it 's 1948 . 
  ukraine does n't border isis . 
  does n't host them , either, 
  seconded . 
  i do n't see why you have to be such a wet blanket over a simple joke . 
  i speak four languages and i know exactly how much work i had to put in each one of them to get where i am today . 
  i used to be a boxer , i know exactly how much time i spent just on my jab , i know exactly how long i fluttered around like a fool before i sorted my footwork . 
  but i did all these things because i have a flair for them . 
  i am fluent in tongues and violence . 
  but no matter how much i practiced i could never draw as well as this guy and that is talent . 
  tl ; dr fucking chill out, 
  no lovin ' like self lovin ', 
  if i had that much talent i 'd be wanking myself all day non stop . 
  i laugh at britain in their pathetic attempts at out-erdo\u011faning us, 
  reddit is n't exactly popular in turkey . 
  someone who wishes to report me needs to be not only aware of the website , but also fluent in english and have a particular hard on against me . 
  so that narrows the list down by quite a lot . 
  but hell , if i do get arrested for a `` thought crime '' , you can be sure as hell that i will wear it like a badge of pride . 
  i hope you like prison food , because that 's about the only personal invitation he makes, 
  the stuff i ate in poland did n't really compare to anything in turkey in terms of fat . 
  i 'm implying that the reason is a different one . 
  dude come on we literally remove kebab,
