  things in real life are n't like blueprints on a piece of paper . 
  when you are in direct contact , decisions must be made quickly . 
  when we were having riots in turkey i was never arrested for anything . 
  that was because i was a local , i knew every nook and cranny there was to be known , every * alcove * . 
  luck helped me never to get shot , but it was intimate knowledge of my surroundings that helped me escape islamist police . 
  however , people without street experience or local knowledge found themselves behind bars very easily . 
  same thing when they tried to beat us up after every footie match . 
  never got arrested either , for the same reasons . 
  belgium is notorious for arms trafficking . 
  it 's not a long way from france . 
   nowadays, 
  they showed considerable levels of organisation . 
  synchronised attacks at five different places is n't easy to pull off , especially considering the stakes . 
  these people are horrible , horrible cunts , and unfortunately they had a knack for it . 
  for example , the concert ( bataclan ) must 've been planned months in advance . 
  same with the friendly match . 
  they wanted to throw grenades on the fans * and * bomb hollande - do you think that was improvisation ? 
  i mean , i was a `` hooligan '' . 
  ultras in general have very strong codes of honour . 
  the people doing this were n't `` ultras '' or `` hooligans '' - they are islamists . 
  a-grade shittalking right there . 
  that 's your argument ? 
  you can buy kebab , so that renders islamism invalid ? 
  europe is already heavily campaigning against their own values . 
  this was true even before breivik , and it continues to be . 
  criticism of christianity , european civilisation and history is unlimited ( and should be ) but nobody dares to say anything about islam . 
  i see a thousand comics about jesus and nothing happens , yet you draw one about muhammad and you get charlie hebdo . 
  andthat 's not even the worst part , the worst part is that the `` innocents '' who dok ' t take part in that kind of thing do n't generate any meaningful resistance to it . 
  the islamic world goes crazy about comics but i do n't see any millions marching in islamabad in solidarity with the parisians . 
  because the general consensus is that `` they had it coming '' . 
  so that goes away because you can buy kebab ? 
  why do n't you try living somewhere where islam is the dominating force in the society ? 
  we 'll see how you fare . 
  should we be grateful for things * not * being censored now ? 
  this has got nothing to do with positivity or negativity . 
   moderate muslims i really want to meet these guys some day . 
  i 'd love to know why they only appear after there has been islamic violence - and why they only do that to show how `` moderate '' they are , instead of actively campaigning against islamists . 
  correct me if i am mistaken , but are n't you a relatively new mod ? 
  i honestly have no wish to offend you , but i do n't think you could overrule dclauzel and his ilk . 
  / r/europe has already been turned into an echo chamber under the guise of `` strict moderation '' . 
  if anyone wants proof of that , just look at europemeta . 
  the very existence of it drives away any criticism from the eyes of half a million readers to what , 8k users who have no ability to change anything ? 
  how is that fair ? 
  edited : spelling . 
  typing on a phone sucks, 
  i do n't think that 'll be the case unless most of the mods are replaced . 
  that 's so well said that it makes me sad . 
   their giant staging ground in iraq/syria i think that 's the longest way of spelling turkey i 've ever seen, 
   intolerant islam is not compatible with our society sounds like a ban on the way . 
  from what i hear , they banned a lot of people on r/europe yesterday for saying exactly the same thing . 
  happened beforehand . 
  i live outside of turkey , others are bypassing it, 
  yes , i think it was during the gezi riots, 
  i honestly think that turkey 's a lost cause . 
  i wish all the best for you guys though . 
  i have greek roots ( cretan family before the population exchange ) so it hurts extra when i read something problematic regarding greece, 
  / u/sosolidclaws pretty much said what i was going to . 
  turkey was never a shining beacon of free speech and civil rights , but it 's quickly becoming an islamic china , censorship wise . 
  i guess that 's where turkey 's heading . 
  well , it was the turkish police . 
  subtlety is n't their strong suit . 
  i think it works in waves - that 's how it happened during the youtube and twitter bans . 
  it depends how scathing it is and where they made the comments . 
  back in 2011 i was paid a visit by the cops , for example , because of what i said on facebook . 
  it was n't aimed at erdo\u011fan directly but it was very political in nature . 
  they `` advised '' that it would be `` in my best interests '' if i stayed away from that kind of politics , so i have n't used facebook again until i moved out of turkey . 
  they do track things . 
  they already did . 
  that 's why i left . 
   what are principles, 
  oh , of that i have no idea , but r/turkey has around 8k subs if i recall correctly . 
  in any case , it 's a matter of principle . 
  thank you !, 
  the tools to check the credibility of the original thread has been supplied . 
  please make it active again . 
  thanks, 
  ca n't thank you enough for this . 
  this thread 's got nothing to do with your ukip angst, 
  everyone who does n't use a dns to bypass the block , a vpn or a proxy . 
  which is the large majority of the internet users in turkey . 
  i guess you never heard about the concept of liberty, 
  well , i guess why not . 
  the government can get away with it , especially since they are still riding the coattails of the last election 's success . 
  imgur is also blocked and has been for a while now . 
  their excuse would probably be the existence of booooobies on the webspace . 
  the islamists are allergic to anything that 's not in a hijab or getting laid for the sole sake of procreation . 
  but my guess is that it 's a platform for criticism . 
  i published government leaks with a different account on reddit , for example . 
  the leaks where they were talking about bombing our own people to create a casus belli against syria . 
  think of it like a turkish operation northwoods . 
  reddit helped that kind of information circulate . 
  that 's a thorn on their side . 
  it happened today , so there are no other sources in english yet . 
  i 'll put them here as they come . 
  discussion on r/turkey here : https://www.reddit.com/r/turkey/comments/3snvob/reddit_has_been_blocked_in_turkey/ edit : i 'd like to thank u/jippiejee for relisting this thread . 
  in any case , the method to verify that the website is indeed banned is detailed in this comment , by u/justretardedthings ( thank you ) : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3soxpk/reddit_just_got_blocked_in_turkey/cwz9bgn?context=3 here is a screenshot from the government website eekb.tib.gov.tr : http://i.imgur.com/io6xkok.png, 
   he got sentenced for 7 years 9 months and 10 days . 
  he is still on trial for further investigations to add up more witnesses , possibly adding up more years . 
  and he was released after 2 months . 
  i guess that was too complicated for your renowned basic research .
