is n't secession from the south an election pledge of the lega nord ( ? ), 
  sorry if i 'm completely wrong , i have n't got the faintest idea about post renaissance italian domestic politics . 
  i 've been talking to an italian friend studying in germany recently . 
  after going into a tirade about how garibaldi should have kept his conquests to himself he expressed a strong desire to separate the the south from the north and let the `` corrupt and lazy southerners '' deal with their own problems . 
  is this a common sentiment in northern italy ? 
  integration should not only move responsibilities from the national governments upwards to the eu but also downwards to the regions which might form a future federal europe . 
  tough decisions are n't really a strong suite of any democratic elected government . 
  the higher the level of integration the smaller the chance of armed conflict . 
  much of what is integrated and harmonized is certainly rather silly , the prime example being probably the eu wide norm on banana curvature , but dismantling of borders and trading restrictions will impede aspirations for war there might be in the future . 
  besides , on an international level the european states alone are negligible actors , together they are the strongest economic block there is . 
  nice find . 
  i guess we should have a look into how the whole surveillance thing started in the first place and why it was deemed necessary . 
  it 's not that it came from nowhere and it 's not that it 's without purpose . 
  if you want to do away with the big brother state that 's watching over everyone you 'd have to say who in particular should be watched and why and explain why they exist here in the first place . 
  it 's a discussion that ca n't be separated from the surveillance issue but strangely never takes place . 
  i feel that we are not on the same page here , could you please explain what you are trying to say ? 
  edit : never mind , i went through your comment history . 
  ah , you do n't want money , you just want the credit card . 
  i 'm sorry i do n't see the difference here . 
  i 'm actually with you , i 'm for a european state but i propose we start the negotiations with a honest assessment of the situation . 
  there are countries that are dead broke , economical as well as political . 
  they do not only need money , they do not only need reforms , they need to import a hole bureaucracy from abroad to replace their dysfunctional and corrupt own . 
  `` northerners '' have agreed to give up wealth to bring the less fortunate regions and countries of europe up to speed . 
  a political union is very difficult but in my opinion possible despite populists damaging the european idea for personal and national goals . 
   so if they do n't want to redistribute wealth to strengthen the whole union please ? 
  eu-cohesion fonds and billions in subsides . 
  you are painting a very unjust image here . 
  yes , we would be in a better position imo . 
  thing is , people proposing a federalized union ( especially right now ) often forget that with risk sharing comes a much more powerful central government and far less decision power for the local administrations . 
  to be blunt , greece would give up far more than germany , it 'd be a insignificant eu province under the very undemocratic supervision of eu officials right now . 
  ok , ca n't argue that . 
  i misunderstood you . 
  i admire your optimism . 
  really do . 
  do you have children ? 
  are you going to send them / sending them to `` poorly performing '' schools so the students there can see how normal swedes act and study ? 
  if yes then i apologize . 
  usually people only do this kind of social experimentation with the children of others . 
  the current approach worked / is working for other countries in the eurozone . 
  i 'm not against contemplating change but i 'd like to hear what that change would look like . 
  that 's all i said . 
  i 'm btw opposed to the current solution as well but i do state the alternatives that the proponents of `` change '' do n't like . 
  those people equate `` change '' to `` give money and look away '' . 
  stop illegally bailing out greece . 
  greece declares bankruptcy , returns to it 's own currency and devalues it like it has done multiple times in the past . 
  everyone admits that the greek way of operating a state is not compatible with the eu . 
  greece tells the eu that it 's a failed state both economically and politically . 
  the greek administration is replaced by eu officials which reform the country into something more western european and less byzantine . 
  a bit like what was done with east germany after the fall of the berlin wall . 
  the greeks can still elect their politicians but those have limited say . 
  unfortunately that 's probably not a viable solution politically but if it was it be the golden bullet imho . 
  it 'd be what would happen if the eu was indeed a state with a central government . 
  no i do n't . 
  if a country keeps it 's spending under control and cuts back programs instead of taking on loans it 's being austere . 
  if a country has no money and nobody is willing to lend it any it 's not being austere . 
  : me not buying a house is not me being austere , i just cant afford one . 
  it 's really simple . 
  while you have a point you are omitting something . 
  germany did not ask greece for money to cover for the costs of its own bailout . 
  you are familiar with the no bailout clause in the maastricht treaty ? 
  also those two situations are very different . 
  the greek state is rotten , money wo n't fix that . 
  that 's a completely invalid comparison . 
  the us and the uk are states . 
  the eu is not . 
  the eu has a specific no bail out clause that has been violated already . 
  also , austerity is the wrong term in relation to greece . 
  to be austere you have to have something to be austere with , if you have no alternative you are not being austere , you are giving in to necessities . 
  greece cant be not austere since it 's broke and none will lend it money to acceptable conditions . 
  so where is that alternative ? 
  i 'd have much more sympathy for the critics of the current eu policies if they could propose a viable alternative . 
  i understand that 's a unpopular opinion but bullfighting ca n't hold a candle both in terms of scale and cruelty compared to factory farming . 
  do n't get me wrong i do n't like bullfighting ( outside of `` in our time '' ) and hope it pewters out but if i could chose between banning bullfighting and factory farming the later had to go . 
  sometimes it 's not part of a great plan or a conspiracy , sometimes people just suck at their job and have to be replaced . 
  it probably depends a lot more on the social strata you interact with than the country you are from . 
  from the people i go to university in germany with i 'd say about 2 % smoke , from the immigrants that populate the bars i guess it 's  75 % . 
  i was attempting a more benevolent interpretation of his actions . 
  for example his `` very modest proposal '' is something for a `` how should the eu look in 25 years '' and not policy that could help the situation right now . 
  maybe he 's just not a politician , he does n't realize that his job is to make the best out of the situation he 's in not to uncompromisingly demand what he thinks is the right thing no matter what the other parties involved want . 
  i 'm certainly not going to argue that he 's a great diplomat . 
  he 's clearly not . 
  for example not tucking in his shirt . 
  it 's indicative of his failure to understand what an elected official is and what he represents . 
  carer politicians get a lot of flak but at least they do n't usually make those amateur mistakes . 
  varoufakis is a great blue sky thinker who likes to talk about his blue sky ideas . 
  the problem is that right now the sky is n't blue . 
  that would probably be the short term 20 % interest kind of `` debt vehicle '' . 
  it 's not that greece will just soar when defaulting and earn an aaa rating over night . 
  the linked article suggests that it is already too late to avoid a default even if the remaining 7 billion are disbursed . 
  greece would either need another `` bail out '' or another `` haircut '' and even that probably wound not help much . 
  at this point it 's probably best to agree to separate as friends and stop the belligerent rhetoric . 
  just because greece and the ez was n't compatible does n't mean it ca n't have strong financial and political relations with the rest of europe . 
  it 's just the currency that did n't work for them . 
   the main goal of syriza is to never take another loan/aid again so then where 's the problem ? 
  they do n't want to take loans and nobody wants to give them loans . 
  seems like everybody should be happy . 
  seriously , think !, 
  let 's put it this way : * can member states be bailed out by the eu ? 
  : ** no ** * can greece be thrown out of the eu ? 
  alle !,
