a bit surprised this is happening in finland , but not in other places . 
   do you realize that hungary just dumped hundreds of migrants to austria , barely an hour ago source ? 
  i know , right ? 
  biggest burden on our society . 
  you are correct , sorry . 
  guess i need some sleep . 
  or more vodka . 
  really ? 
  no language tests ? 
  no tests about dutch culture ? 
  no residency requirements ? 
  nothing of that sort ? 
  what ? 
  is it that easy to get a dutch passport ? 
  a huge number of them do n't have documentation , according to reports . 
  what do you do with those ? 
  refuse them entry ? 
  hungary is hardly doing anything wrong if you ask me . 
  building a fence was a necessity , otherwise they really could n't have been able to contain the influx . 
  now they must be checked . 
  no id ? 
  no crossing . 
  not coming from a warzone ? 
  no crossing . 
  tried crossing the border illegally ? 
  jail / deportation . 
  coming from a warzone ? 
  ok , let 's do some background checks and see if that really is the case , then we 'll help you . 
  i really ca n't see the problem in this and i simply do n't get what the un / amnesty etc. 
  complain about . 
  thanks . 
  nothing makes sense to me anymore . 
  thanks . 
  that 's very odd . 
  ok , so let me get this straight : are you saying we should let every single person cross the border into croatia ( or hungary or bulgaria or whatever ) ? 
  what happens next ? 
  do they get held somewhere until their background is checked and then a decision is made for them ( either asylum or deportation ) ? 
   however , when croatia sent migrants to hungary , the authorities had the logistic support in place so it 's clear there has been some discussion . 
  also it 's surprising hungary decided to let them in . 
  for this bit . 
  sorry , i may have missed something . 
  can you elaborate , please ? 
  do you have a source ? 
  why do you think this is a horrible fucking thread ? 
  did you miss the / s ? 
  because i have n't seen the hungarians randomly using tear gas and water cannons on those people . 
  they did that to people who tried to break the fence and cross the border illegally . 
  what do you think they should 've done instead ? 
  let them all cross - even if they are n't genuine refugees - and do as they wish in europe ? 
  why do we have borders at all them ? 
  or laws ? 
  having a mature attitude does . 
  do you know of any eastern european country that refused to get involved in any way in this crisis ? 
  of course , they do n't want to take part in relocating refugees like cattle , but that 's hardly `` not our problem '' or lack of solidarity . 
  even the united kingdom opted out , choosing to go for a more targeted approach . 
  i ca n't see myself ( or anyone else , for that matter - apart from you ) saying anything about democracy and freedom here . 
  i do n't really care how big a piece of garbage orban is . 
  i do n't even agree with jobbik 's agenda & attitude . 
  but in this particular context , i think the approach that was taken was the right one . 
  eastern europe is the only place on the continent that does n't buy into the liberal fundamentalist view of accepting everyone in their country ( and is n't ashamed of admitting that ) . 
  and for that they have my utmost respect . 
  since when is denmark an option in swedish polls, 
  or maybe they want to get to canada via the arctic ? 
  i learned it in latin , but only sang it in high-school, 
  ok , but who decides to impose these sanctions ? 
  do n't they need to be agreed upon ? 
  am i the only one who thinks the rejected ones will wipe their asses with the rejection ? 
  will the authorities search for every single one of them or what ? 
  actually why would a serbian or someone very unlikely to be given asylum even apply ? 
  they probably do n't even care about asylum . 
  most of them will probably move and live unnoticed wherever they want . 
  wow i hate that phrasing so much . 
  close borders ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  putting temporary border controls between austria & hungary ? 
  are they only for refugees or what ? 
  and when they lift those controls , does it mean that they `` opened borders '' to refugees ? 
  ok , but so what ? 
  will you be able to remove them from the country ? 
  frankly i do n't think some of them give a fuck about applying for asylum . 
  it 's not that easy to find and deport all of them . 
  exactly my question, 
   over a year wait list to get an apartment can you elaborate a bit ? 
  what are you talking about , exactly ? 
  no , you should n't outlaw that . 
  you should however probably approach these individuals and offer whatever support you can to put them on the right track . 
  but before that you should prevent radicalisation . 
  i 've never heard of any plans so far unfortunately so that 's why i 'm asking . 
  huh ? 
  i 've read over and over again about how `` concerned '' officials are about radicalisation . 
  do you honestly think this is news to anyone ? 
  at the same time i do n't recall ever reading about a single plan to prevent radicalisation . 
   suspected radicals are tracked that 's hardly prevention . 
  hmm . 
  just curious , is anything done in france to prevent radicalisation ? 
  how is this going the affect the plans of enlargement of the ez ? 
  anti-eu sentiment in denmark ? 
  i guess things are quite bad then . 
  nooo i missed it :(, 
  they do buy stuff from there , but i do n't know how much a good designer can make from it .
