   and last , even if they openly state disrespect towards democracy , does it make them equal to germans murdering certain groups of people ? 
  there is a difference between opinion and action . 
  so , you think people who only supported the nazi regime but didn \u00b4 t directly murder people weren \u00b4 t nazis ? 
  i think you have no idea what this group really is . 
  and how dangerous an ideology like this can be . 
  would you have been an apologist for the nazis back in 1933 as well ? 
  after all , they didn \u00b4 t kill any jews until much later . 
  and they did take action against the `` evil '' social democrats and communists . 
  the nazis had many fans outside of germany ... 
  they follow the same hateful ideology , which says that there are different human races and that some of them are superior to others . 
  they are against democracy and support a dictatorship . 
  no , using `` nazis '' for nazis . 
  this thread isn \u00b4 t about anyone who is against immigration . 
  its about one specific neo-fascist group . 
  yes , people who are part of the fascist scene are `` far from '' being nazis , of course . 
  that many people who are part of this `` movement '' were members of neo-nazi parties before doesn \u00b4 t matter , right ? 
  there it is , the cultural marxist meme . 
  i don \u00b4 t even think you know what this means . 
  discussing with fascists is futile . 
  getting downvoted for describing a real political phenomenon , thats a low point for / r/europe / . 
  anyone who doesn \u00b4 t believe in white supremacy and racism is a confused person , of course / s  you are basically a mind reader who has discovered that anyone who criticizes a culture is doing so as a trick to hide their true motive , which apparently is always ethnic racism . 
  well , i was talking about the identiarians , people who often were members of the npd in germany , but sure , i am a mind reader . 
  have to be . 
   your seeming agenda i am the one with the agenda ? 
  judging from your comment history , its you who has a very clear obsession with immigration-topics . 
  so nazis and their actions are europes spine ? 
  if so , i would rather be disabled than cheering this hateful scum . 
  cultural racism is racism that uses culture instead of biology to justify segregation , oppression of minorities etc. 
  - because it is unacceptable to just say that you hate brown people , these people try to construct an image where white people are `` naturally '' superior in culture . 
  in reality , its just an attempt to hide the biological racism that is really their ideology . 
  if you talk with these people , they will try to talk about the german culture , how it is threatened , but if you keep talking with them , they will reveal that their real concern is that the `` biological purity '' ( which is complete bullshit anyway ) is preserved . 
  if you are a migrant , they don \u00b4 t care if you are integrated or assimilated , if you are not white , you do not belong in society according to them . 
  there are many people inside the german identitarians that formerly were part of the npd and related neo-nazis organizations , which is why literally is quite accurate . 
  biological racism is unacceptable for most people these days . 
  so they use cultural racism , which is really just a thin veil for their true `` blood and soil '' ideology . 
  their buzzword is `` ethno-pluralism '' . 
  itt : people cheering for rebranded nazis ( which is what the `` identitarians '' literally are ) . 
  what planet are you living on that you think a graph that includes maghreb , nafri and the north african states all as separate entries ( the same thing ) is not fishy ? 
  thats your just interpretation . 
  again , i never doubted that someone constructed this fake graph based on valid data . 
  it is fake news . 
  yes , a nice buzzword . 
  but in this case its very true . 
  someone made this graph specifically with the intention to spread it on the internet and incite hate against immigrants - classical agenda pushing . 
  and they used the valid sources to legitimize this pitiful attempt at spin-doctoring . 
  you are falling for this . 
  the legitimacy of the sources does not make this graph legitimate . 
  please explain why the same thing ( `` nafri '' , maghreb and the individual north african states ) is on there three times . 
  i never said the sources are fake . 
  i said this graphic is fake . 
  which is is . 
  no government agency would ever release such a graphic . 
  why does it include `` asylum seekers '' ? 
  thats not a nationality . 
  nor is `` africa '' or `` nafri '' . 
  the word `` nafri '' would never ever be used in an official list as well . 
  its short for `` north african '' . 
  why is there `` nafri '' in the list , but also separate entries for tunisia , algeria and morocco ? 
  i can tell you why : because this list is an unofficial fake created with one purpose : to incite hate against foreigners . 
  of course , the right-wing trolls of / r/europe have no problem with eating up the dumbest fake news like this . 
  the thread title also fails to mention that its fake . 
  yes it is . 
  the turks i have met when doing holidays in turkey were nice too , much friendlier than many turks here in germany . 
  but now there is not safety when traveling to turkey . 
  going to the wrong place could potentially get you arrested . 
  yes , thats why almost everyone in the uk searched for `` what is the eu '' shortly before and after the referendum . 
  truly , all the bexiteers like you are eu-experts / s, 
  its true , northern italy is part of the blue banana and the south isn \u00b4 t. 
  its also kinda the goal collectivist anarchism and anarcho-syndicalism . 
  anarchism is a part of the left . 
  its counterpart on the right would be libertarianism . 
  the so called `` anarcho-capitalism '' is more closely related with libertarianism than the other forms of anarchism . 
  the goal of both anarchists and socialists is the establishment of communism , the utopian society in which everyone has enough to live and there are no more social injustices found . 
  how they want to achieve that goal is what separates them : socialists want a strong state that is used to transform the economy and society , while anarchists think the big state is the problem . 
  in the view of anarchists , communism can \u00b4 t be achieved through control of the state , because socialists would become just like the former ruling class if they came into position of power . 
  in the first international , the socialist faction and the anarchists worked together , until the anarchists were expelled in 1872 . 
  one example of anarchists in power was the paris commune . 
  i doubt that was what u/1saby / had in mind . 
  these days , libertarianism is mostly connected with ultra-liberal right-wing ideas about capitalism . 
   so if you do n't like communism because it 's authoritarian but also believe libertarians have a few points you can agree with , you ca n't be a leftist ? 
  i never said that . 
  i asked him what makes him a leftist . 
  communism isn \u00b4 t per se authoritarian , anarchism is also left and also tries to achieve communism , in the end . 
  what makes you a leftist then ? 
  so you are not a leftist at all , libertarianism is part of the right-wing . 
  good joke right there . 
  the bundespr\u00fcfstelle merely approves or disapproves if something is harmful for young people . 
  if it is harmful , it will go on the index , which means that you can only buy it as an adult . 
  thats not censorship , these media publications are not censored at all , they are still available to buy in their original form , but only for adults . 
  [ as article 5 of the german constitution states , there is no censorship ] ( https://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/gg/art_5.html ) . 
  i deserve it . 
  i know . 
  but , its easier to type that way . 
  one key press instead of two . 
  germany doesn \u00b4 t care what poland or hungary are doing , as long as it complies with eu laws , regulations and treaties . 
  and turning the country into a dictatorship does not comply . 
  yes , i know that there is still independent media . 
  thats why i specifically mentioned state media . 
  poland isn \u00b4 t hungary where independent media are under pressure , at least not yet . 
  but now that pis is seizing ultimate control over the justice system , it will likely become easier for them to put the non-state media on a leash .
