  that makes it necessary to think about the alternatives . 
  the us are not dependable any longer . 
  because thats what will happen if you combine it with the `` hard brexit '' . 
  the eu is the biggest trade partner of the uk right now . 
  you want to cut all ties and orient yourself towards the us , this is what may apparently wants to do . 
   it has nothing to do with depending entirely on other countries . 
  yes it does . 
  if the uk is completely dependent on the us , then you become de-facto a satellite state , unable to really survive on your own . 
  even if you are not de-jure in a union with the us . 
  the idea of the eu was to form a union to give the european state a bigger voice in the world . 
  alone , we are weak and easily exploited by other nations ( which is why trump and putin want to destroy the eu ) . 
  if the us retreats into isolation once again , they will sink back to the level of a regional power . 
  one should not forget : the us became a dominant power after the second world war , because they chose not to go back into isolation . 
  the deep split in the american society will get even deeper . 
  if trump fails , he may blame `` dark forces '' ( as he does not accept reality , which has been observed numerous times ) which could be the beginning of a civil war . 
  europe should try to align itself more with china . 
  we will see . 
  as far as i have read , it is unlikely that marine le pen will win the elections . 
  and as long as france is at our side , the eu still stands . 
  but you should be very careful with your dreams of grandeur . 
  from the eu directly into a complete dependency with the us , so much for `` restoring independence '' . 
  you are shifting away . 
  not the world . 
  but if course , you may think you are the world ... 
  not `` we '' . 
  i was talking about the perspective of merkels advisors in the chancellors office . 
  i never said that i am pro-tpp . 
  i am against it . 
  what i did say is that the people in merkels chancellors office are indeed pro-tpp and more importantly ttip . 
  no , not all people on reddit were against it , a minority was for it . 
  you , as the other trump supporters , are also missing the bigger picture . 
  tpp is a very big treaty that includes many things , not only free trade . 
  trump may have cancelled tpp , but many of the cancerous policies of tpp will be enacted in america anyway , all the copyright-laws , the deregulation of the internet and the market . 
  so this really is a hollow victory in many regards . 
  also , there are the implications in the international affairs . 
  trump , the big `` anti china guy '' , is doing china a big favor by cancelling tpp , serving them the whole asia-pacific region on a silver platter . 
  recep is chinas tpp . 
  so trump is making americas biggest rival stronger . 
   merkel is all about accepting every illegal , undocumented person in the world sorry , but no , this is not the case , no matter how often it is repeated here in reddit . 
   so i understansd why would trump see germany as an `` enemy '' as you said yourself . 
  he doesn \u00b4 t see germany as an enemy because of the refugees . 
  he sees germany as an enemy because germany exports too much for his taste . 
  i think they still had some hope that `` it wouldn \u00b4 t be so bad '' . 
  but the first few days now already showed that it will be `` that bad '' , at least from the view of the people working in the chancellors ministry . 
  the cancellation of tpp is the first real big decision of trump , i guess that might have been the key reason . 
  it also is becoming more obvious that trump sees the eu and germany as enemies . 
  yeah , right . 
  because every soldier is an expert on these matters automatically . 
  calling out someone on `` bullshit '' ( when its just basic logic ) by writing bullshit . 
  as i said , you can \u00b4 t silence me this way . 
  you have no expertise with nuclear weapons either . 
  so go troll someone else . 
  so are you , because i don \u00b4 t think you are a strategic advisor on nuclear weapons for a major power or something like that . 
  you can \u00b4 t shut me up with this stupid argument . 
  even if i would have served , i wouldn \u00b4 t have any more `` expertise '' regarding this , and so do you . 
  if you are backed into a corner , the nuclear weapons become far more attractive all of a sudden . 
  if hitler had these weapons , he would have used them en masse . 
  if two powers fighting with each other have nuclear weapons , what would stop them in using them ? 
  the faith in the good of their opponent ? 
  you can keep your arrogant advise to yourself . 
  i just applied simple logic . 
  there are many crazy people in the world , who don \u00b4 t care for human lives , who would use nuclear weapons in a war . 
  nuclear weapons make a big war more unlikely , but if such a war occurs , it would be a disaster . 
  holland is such a beautiful city . 
  this is only true for smaller conflicts . 
  in another world war , its highly likely they would be used . 
   hitler rose to power over german values vs communist values . 
  let me guess . 
  you have all your information on hitler from the movie `` hitler : the rise of evil '' ? 
  this is not possible everywhere and it also is risky . 
  / `` in two months we will have pressed hitler into a corner that he will squeak ! '', 
  - franz von papen , vice chancellor under hitler and former chancellor of the weimar republic franz von papen was a national-conservative politician , who had to plan to `` enframe '' hitler in a conservative government . 
  that of course worked great ... / s, 
   feel free to piss off and leave . 
  i wonder if you feel the same way about scotland . 
  foolishness comes back after a few generations . 
  with world war one , people longed for the `` clearing '' effect of the war . 
  now , people feel the same way again . 
  only now , such a war would be much more dangerous with nuclear weapons . 
  some people just want to see the world burn ... 
  you can see the east-west split in germany . 
  and also , the north-south split . 
  you swallowed the `` open market '' pill far too often . 
  there is a reason the market-radical policies are not really that popular anymore , and if you look at the usa , you can see that they are not a cure for anything . 
  they are the disease that rips this world apart in poor and rich . 
  privatizations are almost always terrible . 
  if you privatize something , it turns into a purely profit oriented venture . 
  not some profit - max . 
  because thats what the rules of the market dictate . 
  this means that things that are not profitable ( enough ) but still important get shut down . 
  here in germany , many hospitals in the past decade or so were privatized . 
  services have gotten so much worse in many of them , because everything has to be `` optimized '' for profits , watered down to the barebone . 
  these privatizations were done without corruption and without granting the new owners any kind of monopoly . 
   what we should be moving towards is the example of switzerland or liechtenstein . 
  you are delusional if you think there is anything you can follow there . 
  liechtenstein is a tax-paradise . 
  thats all they really have to offer , how you could compare this very small country to greece is very mind-boggling . 
  if you want to turn greece into a paradise for tax-avoiders , look at cyprus : that was their idea as well , and they failed . 
  all these market radical ideas will never save greece . 
  the economy is being strangled by the debt .
