  her party almost rebelled against her at the time , which is unusual for this kanzlerwahlverein . 
  she only course-corrected to not loose her power . 
  neo-liberal economic policies are not conservative in nature . 
  they are liberal . 
  how exactly is she ? 
  where has she ever fiercely defended the conservative positions of her party ? 
  she gave up on them when it was opportune for her to do so . 
  i am not sure of merkel really has any guiding political ideology , besides staying in power . 
  and economic neo-liberalism maybe . 
  did she ? 
  merkel is responsible for this . 
  she opened the door on monday . 
  that can \u00b4 t be really called `` drawing a line '' . 
  more like `` trying a political move that fails '' . 
  she isn \u00b4 t really a conservative . 
  she got the whole thing rolling by making these weird remarks on monday . 
  she is just made that this token was taken out of her hand , because it could have been useful in eventual coalition talks as a bargaining chip . 
  why would they be in blue ? 
  neither was occupied by the romans . 
  i have decided arbitrarily ? 
  nope . 
  i just described how the law is . 
  notwehr does n't violate it . 
  because you are not actually trying to breach the monopoly of violence . 
  you are just defending yourself against someone who does . 
  you are just proving the point that googles dominance in the smartphone market is a real problem and that they have a stranglehold on android . 
   it is totaly irrelevant whether you use pepper spray or a gun . 
  it is violence you used while you are not the state . 
  without any dobut whatsoever if you use pepper spray for your self-defense , you are violating concept of the monopoly on violence . 
  you ca n't just arbitrarily decide that certain violence is n't actually violence thats not true , because notwehr/self defense against an attacker is explicitly exempt from the monopoly of violence . 
  shows that you know nothing about this topic . 
   and by the way , pepper spray for self-defense against people is actually also forbidden in germany . 
  if you want it , you must circumvent the law by pretending you carry it for protection against animals . 
  you are fucked either way . 
  not true either . 
  you can use it for self-defense without breaking the law . 
  stop lying . 
   also , how selfish you are when you say it is enough for you ti use pepper spray . 
  what about a weak woman who is n't able to overpower big man just with a pepper spray ? 
  it gets even more ridiculous . 
  you think a women who is forced to the ground by a man will be able to use a gun if she is unable to use a pepperspray ? 
  casually carrying guns is forbidden here in germany . 
  so what you are talking about is relaxing gun laws . 
   and finaly , no semi-automatic weapons ? 
  if you had to reload after every shot , it would be useless for self-defense , pretty much every modern handgun is semi-automatic . 
  guns are not for self defense , because they are far too dangerous for that . 
  the chance of killing an innocent bystander is high . 
  guns for sports don \u00b4 t need to be semi-automatic . 
   and using sob stories as an argument is rather weak . 
  i can find dozen of those about any imaginable object used to kill weapons in general and guns are designed to kill . 
  this is the reason why they exist . 
  people also use them for sport , yes . 
  but they are made to kill . 
  trucks aren \u00b4 t. 
  a shovel isn \u00b4 t. 
  you can kill someone , yes , but they are not nearly as precise nor as fast as say a semi-automatic weapon . 
   now back to the concept of monopoly on violence . 
  when someone attacks you , will you fight back or you will simply let the attacker beat you up and you will just wait for the police ? 
  because if you fight back , you are violating state monopoly on violence . 
  and that is actually your right guaranteed by your constitution . 
  your argument that civil gun ownership should not be allowed because it infringe on concept of monopoly on violence simply does not hold water . 
  ridiculous . 
  of course i can try to defend myself when i am being attacked . 
  thats not breaching the violence monopoly of state . 
  the attacker however does breach it . 
  to defend myself i don \u00b4 t need a lethal weapon , i can do so with pepper spray . 
  unless of course i am being attacked with a gun . 
  but why would i be attacked with a gun if guns are mostly illegal ? 
  civil gun ownership enables paramilitary groups like in the usa . 
  which directly violates the monopoly of violence . 
  i am also not saying that civil gun ownership shouldn \u00b4 t be allowed . 
  but it needs very , very strict rules . 
  and no semi-automatic weapon should be legal . 
  libya is a failed state . 
  so i am wondering which coast guard this is ? 
  the one from government a , government b or government c ? 
  european strategy in libya is really pathetic , i have to say . 
  we try to keep migrants there , without having a stable state there as a partner . 
  as long as this country is in civil war essentially , nothings gon na work . 
  if they did , they wouldn \u00b4 t attack people with knifes and trucks . 
  because those are pathetic , imprecise tools if you want to kill someone . 
  they wouldn \u00b4 t be . 
  they likely would be higher , as even more terrorists would have guns and would be able to attack more often and kill more people . 
  whats even better than trucks to kill people ? 
  guns !, 
  and people defending them self in such a situation with a gun is ludicrous . 
  they will likely kill more innocent people before they manage to hit the terrorist . 
  would it be any more peaceful if people had more guns ? 
  nope . 
  wanting guns because you want to be able to defend yourself against the army is the dumbest argument ever . 
  what do you want to do , when they really try to arrest you ? 
  shoot at a tank with a semi-automatic weapon ? 
  its ridiculous ... 
  no you shouldn \u00b4 t. 
  they are too many nutjobs out there whom i don \u00b4 t want to have weapons and fight against the police . 
  i like peace and not civil war . 
  got ta love the monthly pro-gun circlejerk ... 
  the arguments are always the same : - `` guns are tools , not for killing . 
  a kitchen knife is the same thing as an semi-automated weapon , which is * totally * not a much better tool for killing '' - `` europe is not the us , gun violence can never happen here '' - `` works in switzerland and czechia , so lets try to change the gun laws everywhere '' - `` haha western europe and their terrorist victims , they deserve it , we are * much * smarter than they , because we think everyone with a gun will always be the best marksmen and instant hero when a terrorist drives over him with a truck '' its sad to see so many not understanding the concept of the monopoly of violence which has to be held by the state , unless you want potential chaos , vigilantism and anarchy . 
  potential for a [ civil war ] ( http://nypost.com/2016/11/02/meet-the-militia-monitoring-voting-sites-for-fraud/ ) even .
