  the funny thing is , the same people are hating on immigrants and wanting border controls all the time , when they don \u00b4 t understand that a state not only has to keep the borders safe ( protect its citizens to the outside ) to be sovereign . 
  it also needs the monopoly of violence . 
  this is what defines a state . 
  just two more things : in 2014 , a 17 year old exchange student from hamburg was shot in montana . 
  he was shot because he walked into the wrong garage at night . 
  because the homeowner had a gun and was waiting to `` to shoot someone '' . 
  how do you defend that ? 
  you think the same thing couldn \u00b4 t happen in europe ? 
  where guns are , there is danger . 
  even legal guns find their way into the hands of dangerous people . 
  like in 2009 , when a 17 year old boy killed 15 people in his former school in winnenden . 
  with the weapon of his father , who legally owned them for sport . 
  meanwhile , in this thread , the op is allowed to [ blatantly lie ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6jzo2m/czech_mps_approved_constitutional_right_to/djia1cm/ ) and even rewarded with plenty of upvotes . 
  protect yourself from what ? 
  having a small knife isn \u00b4 t forbidden , neither are things like pepper spray or even baseball-bats . 
  if someone is worried about being robbed , that should be plenty . 
  for everything else , there is the police , or the army . 
  weapons of war have no place in the hands of normal citizens . 
  these are tools for killing , not self defense . 
  guns aren \u00b4 t a basic human right . 
  they will never be . 
  it seems yo are very uninformed , because google has like 95 % marketshare in most of the eu . 
  which is an uncontested monopoly . 
  the reforms actually didn \u00b4 t help with economic growth that much . 
  they mostly just created a huge low-income job sector . 
  thats the point and why this would be interesting for cdu and fdp . 
  everyone gets this , because it is `` universal '' . 
  which means that rich people get it too , so its like a negative tax for them . 
  this is why this is so wrong . 
  i am all for basic income , but not for universal basic income . 
  making it universal just for the sake of it is stupid and nothing more but ideology . 
  basic income has to take wealth and income through work and things like stocks into consideration . 
  otherwise it will make the society even more unequal . 
  there is no pricing for search , because you don \u00b4 t pay for it directly . 
  you pay for it with data , which is used for advertisement . 
  google ads is fueled by google search and no doubt the most powerful ad platform . 
  so google does control pricing . 
  what is market share ? 
  it is market power . 
  google has the market power to use its search engine to promote its other products and use that as an advantage over competitors . 
  which is exactly what they are doing , abusing their monopoly . 
  i am not saying google is terrible . 
  it usually delivers the best results , which is no wonder really , because its also the most used search engine , so they know what people search for . 
  but they still have to comply with anti-trust laws . 
  which they don \u00b4 t , as the eu-commission decided . 
  no , it isn \u00b4 t. 
  their product isn \u00b4 t just very popular , it dominates the market nearly uncontested . 
  it has become the only search engine many people will ever use and it clearly is a monopoly . 
  microsoft pushes bing hard with windows and edge and they don \u00b4 t stand a chance . 
  google has become synonymous for a search engine . 
  google abuses that monopoly , plain and simple . 
  i wasn \u00b4 t talking about smartphone hardware . 
  i was talking about smartphone operating system . 
  it is very unlikely that apple will overtake google anytime soon . 
  with 85 % , its very near to almost complete control and an overwhelming majority . 
  there are many more android devices used in the world compared even with windows pcs . 
  in the mobile market , google is the equivalent of microsoft and android is like windows . 
  apple always had a presence in the pc market too , but that never stopped the eu from fining microsoft . 
  this doesn \u00b4 t matter . 
  its not my concern how google makes its money back . 
  why would it be ? 
  if they wouldn \u00b4 t benefit from it , they wouldn \u00b4 t offer it . 
  google is making more money with ads than every other company combined . 
  if they break the law , they have to be punished . 
  doesn \u00b4 t matter if you like the company or not , they don \u00b4 t play fair and have to pay for it . 
  no , i am not . 
  are you ? 
  either you have rule of law or you don \u00b4 t. 
  if you loose respect for the eu because they enforce anti-trust laws that are very much needed to keep the economy working , it seems you would prefer anarchy over the rule of law . 
  companies do have that right . 
  google however has a monopoly in the search market in europe with over 90 % market share in the eu . 
  while having such a monopoly doesn \u00b4 t violate anti-trust laws , using that monopoly to hurt competition does . 
  they can \u00b4 t be allowed to do that , because it gives google the power to create monopolies in even more markets . 
  anti-trust laws exist to protect competition . 
  without competition , the economy can \u00b4 t work . 
  the most sickening thing is how people like you try to shield google because they are the `` good guys '' . 
  no they are not . 
  they are just like every other company and are held to the same standards . 
  i guess some people really do wish to be ruled by big companies directly ... 
  trying to circumvent laws does not equal adhering to them . 
  if they really split up completely , thats fine . 
  but as long as alphabet still controls everything , nothing changes . 
  there are more anti-trust-lawsuits against google underway . 
  google has to play fair . 
  its okay to display its own offerings in the search-results , but not if they do it in such a way where other offerings are less visible . 
  they have a monopoly in search , which also means they have a bigger responsibility to play fair . 
  the same happened to microsoft 10 years ago . 
  microsoft had to create a windows version without media-player ( windows n ) . 
  they also had to include a browser-choice-program for some time . 
  a healthy market can only exist if not everything is controlled by one company . 
  google controls smartphones , they control the search engine , they nearly control the browser market . 
  where does it end ? 
  if google becomes too powerful , maybe it should be split up . 
  wouldn \u00b4 t be the first time . 
  microsoft barely escaped being split-up in the usa in the early 2000s . 
   google is not a utility , it is a private company , they have every right to push their own products if you are using their search engine . 
  no they don \u00b4 t. 
  not if they hurt competition , which is what they have done and continue to do . 
  google has a monopoly ( multiple monopolies in fact ) . 
  they can \u00b4 t be allowed to use that monopoly to become dominant in other markets as well .
