  the nation felt ( still feels ) humiliated because of the fall of the soviet union ( once the second world dominating power ) , the ever expanding nato and eu , who slowly come closer and closer to russia \u00b4 s borders ( ukraine & georgia ) . 
  russia is seen as a threat , because they are a threat . 
  they see the eu & the us as a threat too , and they do have a information war going on against us . 
  a humiliated nation with a military that is still huge and heavily nuclear armed is not to be taken lightly . 
  imagine if it was america who lost the cold war . 
  imagine who many people in your country would feel if it was humiliated over and over again and powerless . 
  thats why putin is so popular in russia : he annexed the crimea , which is something that mends the humiliation of the past somewhat . 
  the tragedy is that things could have been different , if the west would have acted smarter after the fall of the ussr . 
  instead of seeing russia as defeated prey ready to be plundered for profit , it would have been wise to see russia as a partner . 
  this is a great post worth saving !, 
  the concept of `` ethnopluralism '' is just a made up bs concept to achieve the `` pure '' society via a different route . 
  i certainly hope for a rebellion in hungary against corrupt , anti-liberal fidez rule ... but i don \u00b4 t think that is what he has in mind ... 
  which censorship laws are you talking about ? 
  itt : blatant racists getting downvoted into oblivion for a change . 
  i like that . 
  she is a beautiful french women . 
  thats all that really counts . 
  nazis and identitarians tend to be wrong in the head . 
  no they would not . 
  because even with guns , they would have been killed an expelled from germany . 
  its a stupid argument . 
  also , many people had guns back than . 
  the funny thing is : the right wing supports gun ownership . 
  now , this example with the jews always comes up . 
  i wonder if they also would support muslims and other minorities armoring up today ... 
  thats true as well , but if you think about it , what is more likely to happen , ending up like the usa or switzerland ... also , do you want to take the chance on that ? 
  i certainly don \u00b4 t. 
  there are more than enough people around here i don \u00b4 t think that they should have guns . 
  maybe this is a vicious circle . 
  people feel insecure ( whether it is 100 % justified or not ) , and arm them selfs , which makes everything even less secure in the end ... 
  not really , because you need a very educated and civilized society for it to work . 
  also , switzerland has a very anti-authoritarian , independent history , and a unique federal system . 
  you can \u00b4 t simply apply switzerlands example to all countries . 
  because that is a very unique country . 
   western european states already have their authority undermined without having an armed populace . 
  that does for one not in the least bit justify a further weakening of the state . 
  some people have a crazy obsession with borders , but for some reason , when it comes to inner security & the threat that weapons pose , they turn a blind eye on it . 
  and on the other hand , i don \u00b4 t really see it like that . 
  a country that is besieged benefits from citizens in the army , not armed citizens . 
  having an armed population does nothing but increase crime and potential of murder & anarchy . 
  it undermines the authority and monopoly of force that states need to have . 
  no country benefits from armed citizens . 
  the chancellors office , so the cdu . 
  the cdu led chancellors office deleted the passages , not the spd led labor ministry . 
  remember when they changed the election districts to suit their needs ( gerymandering ) ? 
  or when the biggest opposition paper was discontinued as the mother company of that paper was sold to a friend of orban under suspicious circumstances ? 
  or all the other papers , tv stations that once reported critical on the government but don \u00b4 t anymore ? 
  there is a reason kaczynski is such a big fan of victor orban ... 
  poland , never go full orban . 
  its not good for you to try to establish another `` illiberal democracy '' . 
  the problem is that this shortsighted behavior undermines solidarity , trust and friendship between the eu states . 
  greece can \u00b4 t pay back that debt . 
  that is clear already . 
  greece can \u00b4 t continue forever like this , there will be some `` solution '' that hurts us as well . 
  but its not only greece . 
  its also portugal , spain , italy and even france that are problematic here , if you look at the bigger picture . 
  national egoisms are the reason the eu dies . 
  if the eu dies , germanys economic momentum dies . 
  and if that happens , those politicians won \u00b4 t get re-elected . 
  of course its about being leftist as well . 
  there shall not be an alternative . 
  after it , it was sch\u00e4uble who said `` elections change nothing '' . 
  the eu is dominated by conservative and liberal parties & people , so its no wonder really . 
  its the long term consequences that are disastrous . 
  sure , they still manage to fool many germans , but in the long term , this will only hurt our interests and the eu . 
  germanys vital interest is a strong eu & eurozone . 
  sch\u00e4uble & merkel are destroying the base for our success . 
  occasionally ... 
  of course it ca n't . 
  the policy of the eu and germany towards greece is disastrous . 
  serbia as a baby , that 's cute . 
  also , what 's up with sweden and norway as a dog ... 
  here is an idea : balearic stays in cet , and the canaries switch to utc -01:00 . 
  this way , spain will have two special snowflakes and both island groups get to annoy the shit out of the other spaniards . 
  but i like having one time zone for all of western/central europe . 
  please france , stay with us !, 
  also , regarding the balearics : isn \u00b4 t cet good for tourism ? 
  the longer the sun stays up in the evening , the better . 
  but kaczynski is a big fan of orban . 
  thats like erdogan/putin light . 
  are the balearic islands going to switch as well ? 
  isn \u00b4 t the cet better for them ? 
  they could do it with a private public ownership model . 
  create a separate company partly state owned , partly private , which would control the infrastructure . 
  this way , money could be gathered from the private sector . 
  in the future , the internet infrastructure will be / is as important as the train tracks . 
  the train tracks are still owned by the state , i see no reason why this case should be different . 
  in fact , its already happening on a local level , with many cities and municipalities pushing for glass fiber construction ( because the telekom refuses ) . 
  sure , they can have their monopoly back , but then i also want to have them in state-ownership again . 
  or , how about this : telekom stays private , but the infrastructure goes back to the state . 
  sounds like a plan . 
  i would argue differently . 
  as does the bverfg , who still sees article 146 as functional . 
  so it is a legal path to a new constitution , only some scholars have argued that it is obsolete . 
  doesn \u00b4 t mean they are right . 
  this law is very important if there is ever going to be something like `` united states of europe '' . 
  because its the only way for germany to really enter such a superstate . 
   the federal structure of the republic is basically as sacred as anything in our constitution is going to get . 
  the only people who usually advocate 146 to abolish the federal state are identitarian movements like the ` reichsb\u00fcrger ' conspiracy people so you want to cast a shadow on me by saying that only some nut could want the constitution to change ? 
  nice one , but i am far away from being a reichsb\u00fcrger or something similar .
