  too much power in the hand of one man is n't a very good idea . 
  the * tunke * makes the difference . 
  yes , i always eat schnitzel and loose weight by doing that !, 
  fried or even better , deep fried , its even more healthier . 
  in general , everything becomes more healthy when its deep fried and breaded . 
  oh , didn \u00b4 t you get the memo ? 
  estonia could into russia once again ^ ^ / s ^ ^ ^ sorry ^ ^ ^ ^ estonians also , yugoslavia was recreated and they even anschlussed albania . 
  austria & poland can not into healthiness . 
  greece and turkey smoke more , but at least they have more healthy food to balance it . 
  you sound like you would like dugins work and his ideology of neo-tzarism and how he highly values religion . 
  pretty weird for an estonian , i have to say . 
  most estonians i have encountered here are very opposed to anything from russia , and russia is definitely a center of conservatism these days . 
  the nazis had their fair share of `` religious warrior aesthetic '' . 
  particularly the ss . 
  they need to somehow connect these two different ideologies , so they have one clear enemy . 
  its the liberal-communist conspiracy to rule the world , of course . 
  there is the bias : - liberalism bad - socialism bad - conservatism good thats basically what you said . 
  glorifying the aristocrat and smearing liberals and socialists alike to be `` egoists , who only want material wealth '' . 
  ignoring that both those ideologies have a very different vision of society ( and are enemies to each other ) and that in socialism , personal wealth isn \u00b4 t highly valued . 
  while in liberalism , freedom , not personal wealth , is the real core of the ideology . 
  maybe you should read some history . 
  particularly , about the ancien regime and the situation in france before the french revolution . 
  the aristocrats lost all their self-proclaimed `` honor '' , while the rest of the people suffered . 
  there was a reason why the revolution happened , why aristocracy and monarchy lost their power . 
  you cling to the past and even want to turn back time , if you honestly prefer aristocracy . 
  but the past is the past . 
  its not coming back . 
  `` their ancestors folkways '' - whats that ? 
  the ways of some barbarians from bc , or of aristocrats from the middle ages ? 
  i don \u00b4 t get the tendency to glorify imaginary `` folkways '' . 
  culture and traditions change , always have changed . 
  trying to cling onto some mystical old past is something a fascist would do - its what the nazis tried with their weird fixation on germanic tribes and the italian fascists with their fixation on the roman empire . 
  but neither are italians romans , nor are germans germanic barbarians !, 
  these are just attempts to nullify history . 
  its treason , then . 
   says `` communism '' wins  then talks about the `` spoiled bourgeois '' who is responsible does not compute , sorry . 
  either you pick communism to be the imaginary antagonist , or the bourgeoise . 
  hm , i wonder why ... maybe its because the eu is a mature market without many natural growth opportunities ? 
  at least the eu economy isn \u00b4 t going to contract , like your country will . 
  i bet you will like this one too : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qalmavyizqw, 
  thats just what this topic is about . 
  german car manufacturers were caught , they constructed a cartel and thus a quasi-monopoly in certain markets . 
  wrong . 
  a free , unregulated market will always result in monopolies as big companies use their market power to destroy smaller competition . 
  they are located in ~ ~ eastern ~ ~ central europe . 
  no , you don \u00b4 t understand !, 
  the neo-nazis are totally the good guys according to / r/europe when they are fighting against `` muslim invasion '' . 
  / s don \u00b4 t waste your time on these people . 
  as you said , neo-nazis are cancer and these `` alt-right '' people are neo-nazis or support them . 
  they are just as cancerous . 
  death = / = justice the death-penalty is wrong regardless , but in this case , death would even make him a martyr for other right-wing idiots . 
  joining in a cartel qualifies them as both . 
  german government always protected the car industry , so its no wonder its become corrupt and anti-competitive , which also hurts innovation . 
  i wonder how our car industry will fare in the coming decades . 
  they seem to be the ones who have the worst preparation for a world without combustion engines , but the german car brands still remain strong . 
  that could give them enough time to course-correct . 
  more shocks like this might turn out to be a healthy thing . 
  how many vietnamese and chinese are here ? 
  not many . 
  how many did come here with nothing ? 
  not many either . 
  did all of them succeed ? 
  comparing apples with bananas , thats all you do here ( and whataboutism ) . 
  in a complex world , you are only taking one factor - ethnicity or even color of skin - into consideration . 
  sorry , but yes , that is racist . 
  you weren \u00b4 t slaves , sorry . 
  oppressed , maybe . 
  but thats far from being owned by someone else , from owning nothing yourself . 
  if you don \u00b4 t even know what slavery is , you should consider reading a book sometimes . 
  these comparisons you bring up are useless . 
  these are countries that had economic success as a whole based on very different factors . 
  none of these countries have zero poverty . 
  meanwhile , blacks have always been the poorest in their country since they have been freed from slavery . 
  how should they have equal wealth as people who owned them before ? 
  affirmative action for blacks hasn \u00b4 t been going on for very long ( they were officially discriminated in the south till the 1960s ) and the usa is still deeply racist , its doubtful that affirmative action can really change things . 
  oversimplifying the world doesn \u00b4 t work . 
  poor slaves do not automatically become rich after they are freed . 
  you are twisting the world so it fits with your own ideology , thats the problem . 
  blacks were imported into the us as slaves originally . 
  they no longer are , but they still are mostly very poor , which makes it more likely that they will become criminal . 
  no matter if they cause problems or not , there is racism against them , its deeply rooted in american society . 
  the racism makes it more likely that they will stay poor and criminal . 
  you on the other hand are drawing simple conclusions that fit your own image of the world . 
  black problem = problem . 
  at the same time , you are ignoring social issues ( such as poverty , systematic racism ) , because they don \u00b4 t fit with your worldview . 
  asians were also victims of racism in the past . 
  there is no huge migration-movement from india , china or vietnam to europe , these countries are far away from here . 
  if there was , there also would be more racism against these people , as there has been in the past as well . 
   there is a difference between enjoying the idea , and taking actions . 
  sorry to be this guy , but not thought police in action yet . 
  in the end , without the support , the nazis never could have executed the holocaust . 
  every german who lived back then and didn \u00b4 t fight the nazis was guilty . 
  thought police ? 
  thats hilarious and another consistent far-right meme . 
  the funny thing is , these people are considered extremists by everyone who knows a thing about them and isn \u00b4 t fascist , and they are also watched by german government agencies , because they are enemies to democracy . 
  no , being against democracy means no respect for democracy . 
   tell me , which country had the quality of life improved by increasing the number of tribal/clan muslim africans ? 
  which country with majority being muslim african would you chose to live in and raise your kids in ? 
  nice whataboutism . 
  i won \u00b4 t go for it , because this is not connected in any way with the discussion about this nazi group .
