  [ final polls show renzis referendum heading for defeat in italy ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5dmzf3/final_polls_show_renzis_referendum_heading_for/ ) - the euro is really unpopular in italy . 
  the problem is that this might set of a chain reaction . 
  the markets could start betting against southern eu countries like spain , portugal or greece again , which might mean that they leave the euro as well . 
  this would also hit our countries economy hard . 
  if the euro falls apart , the rest of the eu also could be in question . 
  don \u00b4 t forget brexit ... 
  ah , that last bit is nice - of course anyone a little bit critical must be stupid and believes in chemtrails and also is a reichsb\u00fcrger . 
  thats pretty arrogant . 
  italy has a referendum in december , that might very well mean the end of renzi , who is pro-eu . 
  when he resigns , there is a good chance that m5s comes into power , who want to get rid of the euro . 
  if you want to turn a blind eye to this , fine . 
  but then don \u00b4 t complain later when the euro falls apart and germany suffers the consequences . 
   energiewende was initiated by the greens the current form of the energiewende is all merkels doing . 
  the health system is unfair & wrong . 
  my father is a doctor and he left this country because the health system is broken . 
  it favors doctors who treat as many people as possible and rush through them , instead of a good treatment , which is something that takes time . 
  unless you are a privatpatient , of course . 
  the only ones who profit from the current health systems are the big pharma companies , who can sell their overpriced medicine . 
  of course , with the cdu in charge , no wonder , works as designed . 
   i 've never run into issues with being a kassenpatient . 
  oh , of course not . 
  if you can wait a few months for your rushed treatment . 
   she got the country through three crisis now without any significant damage done . 
  that is a pretty big achievement . 
  oh yeah , right . 
  when she bailed out the banks , that was great . 
  also , when she didn \u00b4 t solve the greece crisis , but just delayed it & dealt serious harm to the eu in the process . 
  way to go !, 
   is the afd still untouchable in the german political system ? 
  they don \u00b4 t want any coalitions unless they are the senior partner & their primary goal is to get rid of merkel . 
  so yes . 
   will be interesting to see if sdp - greens - linke will be moving to work together in the next parliament thats a really good question . 
  though i doubt they will reach a majority , as the afd and also likely the fdp enter the parliament . 
  i guess we have really different standards in regards to the government . 
  lets agree to not agree . 
  [ erdogan calls equality between men and women unnatural ] ( http://www.zeit.de/politik/ausland/2014-11/tuerkei-erdogan-rede-gleichberechtigung ) [ erdogan doesn \u00b4 t want turkish women to use contraception ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/ausland/tuerkei-recep-tayyip-erdogan-raet-muslimischen-frauen-von-verhuetung-ab-a-1094873.html ) [ erdogan praises the harem ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/ausland/emine-erdogan-preist-harem-und-erntet-kritik-a-1081535.html )  are you fucking serious go do some google research 96 % girls on turkey goes to school -_- i know . 
  it was sarcasm . 
  erdogan however does not see women as equal to men , that much is true . 
   but spd managed to get trapped between union and environment votes all on its own . 
  yes and no . 
  its their fault too , yes , but merkel also moved the cdu to the left in certain topics ( except the economy , of course ) , which also harms spd & the greens . 
  this is why people say the parties are indistinguishable these days . 
  its not healthy for democracy . 
   the greens created massive infighting between the conservative and environmentalist wings all on their own . 
  i always find it strange why debating and fighting for the majority is seen as a bad thing here in germany . 
  i would rather vote for a party that does discuss and fight over topics then a quiet kanzlerwahlverein . 
  ( disclaimer : not saying i vote green )  she did a decent job in her first three terms . 
  i don \u00b4 t really see where . 
  yes , she managed to demobilize the voters of her political enemies . 
  does not mean this country is governed well . 
  problems with energiewende , the unfair two-class health system , infrastructure problems , the shrinking middle class , all these issues are constantly ignored . 
  any big , meaningful reforms ? 
  not in sight . 
  meanwhile , the eu is breaking down around us , thanks to merkels `` great leadership '' as well ( yes , i know its not only her fault , but in some ways it is ) . 
  there are many things in this country that are not fine . 
  many problems that will hit us back in the future . 
  people are shortsighted , thats the problem . 
  cover up your ears and ignore problems , good government practice . 
  if germany is the best governed country , then all other countries have seriously shit governments . 
  poland being `` homogeneous '' ? 
  thats a good laugh . 
   you 're also confusing national identity and culture with racial purity . 
  both things that are constantly changing and highly adaptable . 
  maybe you underestimate germans fear of instability . 
  its a very bad situation for our democracy , nobody should be irreplaceable . 
  merkel is the death to our political culture . 
  this will only strengthen the left and right extremes . 
  because if you want to get rid of merkel , you have to vote die linke or afd , all other parties will help her to stay in power in the end . 
  cdu really should have won the absolute majority in 2013 . 
  this would have meant that they wouldn \u00b4 t have had anyone to hide behind for their crappy government work . 
  edit : downvoters - like it or not , but another term of merkel will bring up problems which can \u00b4 t be ignored : http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/angela-merkel-tritt-wieder-an-weiter-immer-weiter-aber-wohin-a-1121906.html i am not the only one who notices the split in this country . 
   nobody is asking for racial purity bullshit . 
  some people do . 
  the alt right in america wants to stop immigration completely for 50 years , only white people from europe should be allowed to migrate according to them . 
  girls go to school ? 
  according to erdogan , they don \u00b4 t have to , as he values girls much lower then boys , of course . 
  of course it is the goal . 
  the argument is that people stay away if they see people dying , so it is the goal to murder these people to set an example . 
  of course , what they don \u00b4 t realize : people won \u00b4 t stop trying to come to europe , even if it could mean their own death . 
  the idea of a homogeneous nation is absurd , as migration always happens - its a constant in human history . 
  the nazis had this crazy idea of a racially pure nation too . 
  to be a part of the `` volksk\u00f6rper '' ( making individuals insignificant ) you needed to be `` aryan '' . 
  the thing many people don \u00b4 t understand i think is that multiculturalism is not really its own `` ideology '' . 
  its just a way to handle immigration . 
  do you want people to assimilate into society or do you want to leave them their freedom to keep their old cultural identity as well - thats the question . 
  the other thing is immigration in and of itself . 
  when the question is `` do we need immigration yes or no '' , the answer is yes , because of the population getting older , missing specialized workers etc. 
  the problem is that this actually gets mixed up with a completely different topic , which is asylum . 
  asylum and immigration are two different things , of course . 
  `` being human '' is a strange thing to fascists who want to literally murder people by drowning them in the mediterranean sea . 
  i think it is time for sanctions against turkey . 
  also , all nato missions in turkey have to end now . 
  get our troops out of there , turkey is no longer to be considered a partner . 
  this is funny and sad at the same time . 
  isn \u00b4 t that how it works everywhere ? 
  what other way is there to marry a woman than to rape her ? 
  sigh . 
  no , they do n't get nearly as much . 
  i was for euro bonds all along , so there you have that answer . 
  if you want to have a project like the euro , you have to make it sustainable for everyone .
