  unfortunately , syriza failed , because the eu wouldn \u00b4 t budge and because tsipras didn \u00b4 t want to go through with the return to the drachma in the end . 
  which is the reason why varoufakis resigned . 
  and i am pretty sure tsipras will loose the next elections for that reason . 
  i don \u00b4 t know what `` reckless actions '' they really commited according to you . 
  they tried to shake up things and failed , but at least they tried . 
  from a greek point of view , that is totally okay . 
  its hard to really do something when you are basically tied down completely . 
  nea democratia and pasok formed the government before the current syriza government . 
  did they have any solution ? 
  maybe she shouldn \u00b4 t have called for a snap election for the sake of political games , then . 
  she took a gamble and now she is upset that the eu takes a hard stance towards britain . 
  this reminds me very much how cameron gambled when he promised the referendum originally and he lost that game also . 
  when will these tory jokers get the boot ... 
  as far as i know , pasok abandoned the traditional socialist policy ideas in the late 90s and privatized some companies under simitis . 
  its true though that greece joined the euro under pasok government , so they indeed share the blame with nea democratia . 
  nea democratia was in power from 2004 to 2009 , the last `` good '' years before the crisis happened . 
  after pasok came into power again in 2009 , they had to reveal that greece \u00b4 s debt was explosive . 
  syriza was a tiny fringe party before the crisis and they were just founded in 2004 . 
  so nope on this again . 
  the main parties ( pasok as well as nea demokratia ) are both responsible . 
  syriza is not . 
  in which way ? 
  you can \u00b4 t make him responsible for the crisis . 
  neither he nor his party were in power when the conditions that led to the crisis were created . 
  the mess was ( mainly ) created under the government of the nea democratia , the conservative party . 
  meanwhile its raining all day here in central germany ... 
  wrong . 
  a soldier supporting the afd will not be considered a `` right wing extremist '' . 
  a `` right wing extremist '' is someone who might plan a terrorist attack ( like the one arrested soldier ) or someone very close to the views of known extremist nazi groups . 
  in other words , a nazi . 
  just to demonstrate the stupidity of your statement : according to the very article we are discussing here , there are 275 suspects among nearly 180.000 soldiers . 
  if you really think there are only 275 soldiers who don \u00b4 t support merkels refugee-decision , you are really stupid , sorry . 
  not being crazy about the army like americans = hating it , apparently . 
  look , yes , most germans are very much against war . 
  that does not mean they hate the army . 
  the bundeswehr is at most a laughing matter sometimes when there is another report of malfunctioning equipment and many people don \u00b4 t care for the bundeswehr too much , because its unimportant for everyday life and not very attractive as a potential job . 
  that does not equate with outright hate . 
  every german soldier has to fight in the name of the german constitution . 
  soldiers can have their political opinion , be it left or right . 
  but what can not be allowed to exist is right-wing-extremism in the army . 
  you can not serve the country if you want to destroy the constitution or to be more precise , the values of the constitution . 
  we already had such an army once that rejected the state and became a state-in-state . 
  so what you did here is an whataboutism . 
  no one expects all soldiers to be politically left or liberal . 
  but soldiers are expected to not be nazis . 
  if you can \u00b4 t stand it , please go back to the safe-space with all the other trumpets . 
  thanks . 
  well , you as a / r/the _ donald / trumpet also believe in fascism after the 20th century ... so i guess there are people who never learn on both sides . 
   to me , 250g is hardly enough for ~ ~ 2 ~ ~ 1 meal ~ ~ s ~ ~, 
  the problem is , these policies cause more damage for our industry than the politicians realize . 
  they are trying to stop progress and protect the industry , but all it really does is slow innovation in the german car industry , making it much less competitive in the future . 
  as a 1/4 hungarian , i agree . 
  you could say ... the tram was * angeschlossen * to the german network, 
  for a long time , the npd was a close partner to the fn , just like the bnp . 
  marine le pen has tried to distance the party more from those , though i doubt that really happened beneath the surface . 
  fn is a much more extreme party than many people know . 
  they really tried hard to disguise them self . 
  quiet , don \u00b4 t let them know / s, 
  there are different interests in germany . 
  a strong currency is good for normal citizens , but bad for big business . 
  when the dmark existed , the government had to try to keep it strong , because thats what the citizens want . 
  but no they have no more obligation like this , as the strength of the euro is someone elses responsibility . 
  so while they do say `` we want a stronger euro '' , i am pretty sure that they are very happy that the euro is so weak right now behind closed doors . 
  the recent german economy boom started right after the euro-crisis began . 
  a coincidence and merkels `` magical work '' ? 
  surely not , as she doesn \u00b4 t really do much . 
  the euro gives us the advantage of a currency that is fairly weaker , much weaker than the dmark would be . 
  this means our export-economy is running on nitro , basically . 
  low base-rate also means that saving money is worthless right now , so people have little incentive to save it , which drives consumption and investment . 
  it also drives the german construction market . 
  so you were referring to percent , not percent-points . 
  got it , but its still wrong , because that was their election result with schr\u00f6der as the candidate . 
  you said `` before schr\u00f6der '' , so that would be technically the election 1994 , where they got 36,4 % . 
  all she does is administer the status quo and react if something happens that she didn \u00b4 t expect . 
  this works because the eu gives germany many advantages , so our economy works . 
  of course you can . 
  you can destroy things with inaction as well . 
  which is what will ultimately cost the cdu its power , be it this year or 2021 . 
  the spd hasn \u00b4 t formally announced its election-program yet . 
  so maybe semi-started ? 
  the spd never polled 50-60 % in the history of the german state , ever . 
  the unions are undemocratic ? 
  wtf , they are literally the most democratic thing there can be in regards to the labor market . 
  workers organizing is democracy and unions are a democratic right . 
  look closely at the map , berlin also destroys our blue paradise ... 
  less people to employ ? 
  * - albert einstein what is a `` man '' who blindly follows orders for something unjust ? 
  nothing . 
  germany already had this dumb army-cult once . 
  never again . 
  blue banana literally blue here . 
  eesti can not into nordic . 
  too much economic freedom . 
  lies . 
  wow , thanks for this awesome lesson about workers rights !, 
  i never knew ... 
  i also guess this is why workers rights in switzerland are so well respected and big business is so powerless in this country ? 
  its not . 
  they have made themself irrelevant by neglecting the civil-rights side of liberalism and going full on neo-liberal `` taxes for rich people have to sink '' under westerwelle . 
  they don \u00b4 t.
