  he reached no majority in the population . 
  so keep reaching for straws , man . 
  looking forward to trump wrecking america worse than george w. bush . 
  well , many care enough to post salty posts in this thread , including you , so , thats a win as far as i am concerned . 
  delegates in parliament have the same formal influence in principle , no matter if they are support the government or oppose it . 
  but if you have no delegates , you have no influence . 
  no , because they still get represented in parliament , even if it just is as opposition ( which still has an important job - keep the government in check ) . 
  also , they get the chance to participate in the government , which they don \u00b4 t get when they are not even represented in parliament . 
  yes , and the value of the votes for a party below the 5 % barrier is below that of a voter who voted for a big party . 
  because he does not get representation for his vote , despite being mathematically entitled to it ( because 4,99 % of the votes would definitely give you some delegates ) . 
  last elections , roughly 15 % of the votes were nullified . 
  not democratic . 
  maybe its you . 
  every vote counts equal . 
  that is what gleich means . 
  i am sorry that you don \u00b4 t want to discuss this honestly . 
  so far , you have brought no real arguments for the 5 % barrier and mocked people who \u00b4 s vote gets wasted because of it ( `` its their problem '' ) . 
  thats pretty arrogant and also anti-democratic . 
  this stance is what creates disappointment in democracy . 
  the 5 % barrier only serves to cement the power of the established parties . 
  nothing more . 
  well , wrong . 
  the votes are not equal , because if you are voting for a small party , it might fall under the 5 % barrier and your vote gets nullified . 
  so the 5 % barrier violates the gleich , it gives an unfair advantage to the established , bigger parties , because it makes it more likely that people vote for them - to vote for them not because of their policies or candidates , but because people don \u00b4 t want to waste their vote . 
  to simply tell their people `` its their problem '' does not justify the undemocratic 5 % barrier . 
  a party entering parliament does not equal a party entering government . 
  both are separate things . 
   i do n't really understand how you measure democracy . 
  simple : allgemein , frei , gleich , unmittelbar , geheim , these are the standards a democratic election has to fulfill . 
  the 5 % barrier is a violation of the gleich/every vote must count equal . 
  just as much as the americans violate the unmittelbar with their indirect voting system for the potus elections . 
  maybe in this case , you didn \u00b4 t pay to much attention in school ... ;-) because this is like 7th or 8th grade stuff . 
   why ? 
  come on . 
  now you are trolling . 
  i have explained it more than one time now , read my other posts . 
   that 's actually wrong . 
  its not . 
  in the weimar republic for example , you needed 60.000 votes for one delegate . 
  it was just an example . 
  2 % or 3 % could be a compromise between the people who want the barrier and the people who don \u00b4 t want it . 
  the lower the barrier , the more democratic it is . 
  i personally would get of it completely ,  so there would be a barrier anyway . 
  yes , but not an artificial barrier . 
  as you said , you need some people to agree . 
  since you don \u00b4 t have an infinite number of delegates , you always have a certain amount of votes you need to get for one delegate . 
  oh no , thats the worst option . 
  see , yes , but this is not really an argument for the 5 % barrier . 
  it is simply undemocratic and creates frustration . 
  politicians always wonder how to combat the overwhelming frustration with the parties and politics in general , allowing more democracy would certainly be a step forward . 
   if there are n't enough people that share a certain view , that view true , but that doesn \u00b4 t justify the 5 % barrier . 
  even with no barrier , you still need a certain amount of votes to get a delegate . 
  2 % of all voters should be enough to justify representation . 
  but its not really about that . 
  its really more a personal vote pro or anti-renzi . 
   oh wow you ca n't force your views on everyone else . 
  who would have guessed ?!, 
  not talking about that . 
  i was talking about the individual who becomes a party member loosing his views , not forcing his views onto others . 
   the greens went several years without getting into the parliament . 
  same is true for the afd . 
   no vote is wasted . 
  but some votes count more than others . 
  the people who voted fdp and afd did not get their due representation in parliament last election , so their votes counted less . 
   there are several other liberal parties . 
  why should it be normal for a party to just jump to 5 % ? 
  it isn \u00b4 t , but it also shouldn \u00b4 t necessary . 
  thats why the 5 % barrier should fall . 
   that does n't support your point . 
  people formed a new party based on their view and gathered a certain amount of people with similar views . 
  they got money for that and maybe they can gather more people in the future . 
  yes , but they did not get a seat in parliament , they can \u00b4 t represent the people who voted for them . 
  so the people who voted for them are either angry or disengaged , which are both bad things . 
  most likely they will not vote for them in the future again . 
  i think they were talking about van der bellen . 
  so , you think the `` no '' in italy will be considered a victory for the right ? 
  if so , you are crazy . 
  the vote there is not about left & right . 
  its more about pro renzi or anti renzi ( because he was so dumb to connect his own fate with teh referendum ) , and the main party that opposes him movimento 5 stars ( m5s ) can \u00b4 t really be considered right wing . 
   that might be your impression , but that 's not a real argument . 
  it is a well known effect that really affects every organization . 
  to climb up the ladder , you have to assimilate and give up your views to a certain degree . 
  this is a major point of discussion in the party studies as well . 
   greens managed to and the afd will probably manage to do it too . 
  also extra-parliamentary opposition is a thing . 
  both only managed to do so because of extraordinary circumstance and historical events . 
  just an example : when the fdp was thrown out of the parliament , did you see a new , liberal party forming , that could take its place ? 
  because our political system favors the existing parties . 
  so the fdp will likely return next election , despite their huge loss ( which was based on their shitty government work ) . 
  another example : alfa is a party formed by afd members who lost the party after its turn towards the right . 
  even though alfa got 1 % in the elections in baw\u00fc , they didn \u00b4 t get any delegates . 
  so now that the party has shown that it likely doesn \u00b4 t make it to the parliament , its already burned , as you are wasting your vote on it . 
  sure . 
  even though i am left leaning , i do not consider all the right wingers to be evil or stupid or some bs like that ( unlike some leftist/liberals , unfortunately ) . 
  there are many reasonable people who are conservative . 
  this was more directed at the alt-right circlejerky-type . 
  i don \u00b4 t know what you mean , what you stated there is what they are doing now . 
  uncontrolled migration is wanted by no one , it happened last fall but there is consensus to not let this happen again . 
  sure , but forming new parties with realistic chances to get into parliament is basically impossible with the 5 % barrier . 
  and in the big parties , fighting against the established structures ( which you have to do if you want change ) is an almost impossible task .
