  i don \u00b4 t trust turkish government . 
  turkey wants the kurds to loose control of the rest of the territory too , because a kurdish independence there can \u00b4 t be tolerated . 
  the treason already happened , as the us said that kurds have to retreat to the eastern shore of euphrat - so that territory is lost for pyd . 
  however , going beyond that ... 
  you are wrong . 
  in the english-speaking world , isis is still the most used name for them . 
  daesh comes from the mena region , the people there use it as means to ridicule the is . 
  the name daesh is outlawed in regions controlled by is . 
  the actual name of the organization also isn \u00b4 t isis anymore , or isil . 
  these are both old names , they call themselfs just is ( islamic state ) , which is also the dominant name in our local , german media . 
  however , if you call them `` is '' or even `` isis '' , you are giving them extra recognition . 
  they want to be recognized as `` the state that practices the only true form of islam and represents islam '' . 
  which is not true of course , they certainly are muslims , but what they do is condemned by the vast majority of muslims . 
  they can \u00b4 t claim to represent the entire religion of islam . 
  so by calling them daesh , we can take that recognition from them . 
  i think thats the reason the people in the mena region chose that name for them . 
  pkk is recognized by many western countries/organizations as terrorist . 
  so i am certainly not arguing about that . 
  pkk vs. turkish government also is an inner-turkish affair . 
  turkey vs. pyd is not . 
  no problem fixing until 2017 , because elections in france and germany . 
  after the elections , the harsh truths can be revealed . 
  the kurds are one of the most important forces on ground fighting against isis . 
  so if you attack them , you indirectly help isis by weakening the kurds ... whats turkeys legitimation for attacking the kurds in syria ? 
  its not turkish territory !, 
  and you will be hard-pressed to find anyone in the west who thinks pyd is a terrorist group ... isis is at a completely different level . 
  if turkish forces attack pyd forces east of the euphrat , turkey should be condemned internationally as an aggressor and expelled from nato . 
  this can \u00b4 t be tolerated . 
  what do we face with turks , if i may ask ? 
  very interested in hearing what exactly are all the problems . 
  please remember , things like the `` no go zones '' in berlin for example come from libanese mafia families . 
  not from turks . 
  there also aren \u00b4 t many that problems with turkish people in germany . 
  the problems we have are nothing compared to the problems france has with the migrants from nothern africa . 
  i think that the issues that exist have multiple causes - for one , they are muslims , and thus not integrated as easily as other european migrants who have a christian background . 
  however , i think this is the smallest part of the problem . 
  in fact , the turks are much less religious then other muslim migrants . 
  then there is racism , which unfortunately plays a big part of failed integration of people . 
  just a simple example : if you have someone called frank m\u00fcller or someone called ali mustafa , equally qualified , who do you think will likely get the job they both apply for ? 
  it would be great if it wasn \u00b4 t the case , but this still happens . 
  and then you have to ask : where did they come from , whats their background - and i don \u00b4 t mean country , i mean social background . 
  many turkish immigrants here in germany came from eastern anatolia , which is the poorer , rural part of the country . 
  if we want to discuss such a complex issue , we have to take many factors into consideration . 
  of course not everyone is the same , there are examples for many criminal or even islamistic turks in germany of course . 
  however , i know many who are good , and lawful citizens . 
  and i personally refuse to say that all of them are `` problematic '' . 
  integration can work , not for everyone though . 
   the first world war was not our doing well , thats the question , isn \u00b4 t it . 
  i think saying `` not our doing '' is wrong . 
  germany certainly played a major part in that war happening ( blankoscheck , schliefen-plan ... ) , but of course its not the only country responsible . 
  so it was germanys doing , but not ours alone . 
  unlike the other war ... 
  well , but what he is saying is that we didn \u00b4 t even try with the turkish immigrants from the 60s . 
  that is even manifested in the name given to their group - gastarbeiter / guest-workers . 
  if they are not expected to stay permanently , why should they be integrated ? 
  it was a wrong mindset . 
  the kurds and assad just signed a ceasefire . 
  so , what you are saying is that turkey will invade syria , to help assad crush the kurds ? 
  not sure if assad wants to destroy the kurds ... also assad is not an ally of turkey . 
  and the kurds are an ally of the us ... so any large-scale attack on them will get turkey in trouble internationally . 
  pyd already controls most of the turkish/syrian border , so you will have to kill a lot of people to change that . 
  its not hard to argue that pyd/ypg/pkk is higher on turkeys priority list then isis . 
  after all , the kurds in turkey might try to declare independence if the syrian kurds achieve theirs . 
  so they are not the same in turkeys eyes . 
  there are some states where the church is still powerful . 
  poland , for example . 
  welcome back to the middle ages , i guess . 
  ** translation & summary : ** today in prague , a group of right-wing radicals simulated a terrorist attack on a piazza in the old part of the city . 
  they masqueraded as isis terrorists , shouted ` allahu akbar ' and fired some fake-weapons . 
  their leader rode on a camel and wore the clothes of a bedouin . 
  as the result , tourists ran away , the police ended the simulated terrorist attack , because the piazza was at the verge of mass-panic . 
  the police is now checking if the fake-terrorists committed a crime by simulating a terrorist-attack . 
  `` more police '' - after many years of reducing the police-force in the name of austerity . 
  good one guys . 
  yes , they did , but hitler always planned to invade the soviet union . 
  its was his most important goal to destroy the bolsheviks and communist ideology and expand german territory in the east . 
  he had the non-aggression pact as he needed to conquer the rest of europe before he could attempt the attack on russia . 
  the soviets and the red chinese were allies right from the start , but they started to become rivals because both wanted to be the leaders of the communist world . 
  ideological they developed some differences over time as well , but when the chinese communists won the civil war , they tried to mimic the soviets in many ways . 
  yes , there is an authoritarian form of capitalism . 
  which is where the state is used by the wealthy to protect their wealth , repress the poor and enable their capitalist endeavors . 
  one such example is china since deng xiaoping . 
  the state controls some businesses , but they also work hand-in-hand with private businessmen . 
  if you really examine the chinese economy , you can \u00b4 t really say that it is socialist anymore . 
  they gave up on that in the 80s after maos death . 
  the weren \u00b4 t. 
  socialist policies would mean that the wealth of the capitalists would be confiscated , which it wasn \u00b4 t. 
  on the contrary , they worked together with them . 
  compare that with the soviet union , where the communists first had to fight a civil war against the old aristocratic/wealthy people - the nazis didn \u00b4 t have that problem , since they worked together with the wealthy , cause they didn \u00b4 t take away their money . 
  but i get it , its pointless to argue with you , if you want to ignore the historical facts . 
  again , ask anyone who studies history . 
  trying to paint the nazis as left-wing is lunatic . 
  here are some facts that you can \u00b4 t deny : - they banned the social-democrats and communists , but not the conservative parties - which helped them to get into power - they had the support of the wealthy and former aristocrats , also the military - they allied with japan , italia , spain , which all were fascist/right-wing , military dominated countries - their biggest ideological enemy was the soviet union the nazis used an authoritarian form of capitalism , where the state worked together with the german capitalists , who were able to concentrate business in mega-companies , and also profit from the confiscated money from jews . 
  it still does . 
  though the spectrum shifts over time of course . 
  the authoritarian left long was dominant , and only lost this dominance in 1990 when the soviet union went down . 
  on the right , liberalism long was in the dominant position as well . 
  but in the last years , the authoritarian form was/is on the rise as well , the liberal democracy is in crisis . 
  the basic difference between left and right always stayed the same . 
  right is for the status-quo , left is against it .
