  but hey , they had a really [ cute dog ] ( http://i.imgur.com/c6ia0wu.jpg ) and also helped in the animal protection , so i guess i can \u00b4 t really say anything too negative . 
  nice people , just not very good at cooking . 
  see , they always stab you in the back !, 
  be it in war or in food ... 
  i once had lunch in austria in a restaurant recently acquired by dutch people ( which i didn \u00b4 t know before ordering ) . 
  i regretted it . 
  he isn \u00b4 t as hated in germany , because he doesn \u00b4 t switch his position completely every two weeks . 
  if this means gabriel does n't run ... that would be a good thing . 
  but ... you have chocolate on bread ( hagelslag ) !, 
  that has to count for something ... 
  this is not only impossible , but also completely unacceptable for the citizens . 
  if the politicians want acceptance for these treaties , they need to take the citizens with them alongside the negotiations , all the way . 
  otherwise you will always end up with something like ttip , which is so hated that it is basically not possible to sign the treaty . 
  meh ... i live in the `` caution is advised '' zone , so , i can live with this . 
  the hittites came back and you didn \u00b4 t notice . 
  we will see . 
  both is possible . 
  cdu just polled 32 % in the deutschlandtrend : http://www.tagesschau.de/inland/deutschlandtrend-669~_origin-0663ef90-ec81-4735-827b-6374511293f7.html that means 29 % is still in the error tolerance region . 
  and if gabriel runs for the spd ... who knows . 
  germany has protection of the current hegemon ( the us ) and enjoys an unusual time of economical growth , which is because of multiple factors . 
  just look at russia . 
  once one of the superpowers , now a shadow of their former self . 
  do you really want a america that is powerless against china ? 
  a nation in the downward spiral has consequences potentially for every citizen ( except the super-rich , who can simply leave in such a case , as they are much more mobile then the average citizen ) . 
  i don \u00b4 t think you really know what that might mean for the us . 
  ttip was stuck in the negotiations , because the americans wouldn \u00b4 t budge on certain issues . 
  so in the end the europeans would have had to accept a bad deal or nothing , because the americans are more powerful in such negotiations . 
  on the other side , canada was more willing to compromise and seek solutions with the europeans that were doable . 
  that is a bit shortsighted for the us , isn \u00b4 t it ? 
  if the us looses its hegemony to china that has significant implications and really bad consequences . 
  sure , at first , the average us citizen won \u00b4 t notice , but at some point , he will . 
  i enjoy this because it should be a lesson to our politicians and elites - if you want to do such a treaty , you need to do it with highest possible transparency . 
  its not the 19th century anymore where you can leave the citizens in the dark . 
  the long term implications , we will see . 
  ttip in the form it was wanted by the americans would have been a real danger to our democratic system as well and lowered our standards . 
  ceta on the other hand looks like it is a better deal , maybe we can set a standard this way . 
  if you want to argue like that : nobody trusts the us , either . 
  the question is , what brings the states more profit - the us , who want to isolate them self under trump and limit free trade , or china , who is very willing to do trade deals . 
  both are important economies . 
  if you still think china is universally seen as `` bad guys '' , no they are not , mao is long dead and this is not the 90s anymore . 
  federal system can work in different ways , there is not one single way that is right . 
  its not the states who elect the president , its the people . 
  the states have no involvement basically . 
  if they had , state governments would decide . 
  the electors in the electoral college don \u00b4 t represent the states , they represent the peoples votes indirectly . 
  so using this indirect system doesn \u00b4 t make any sense . 
  its the peoples votes that decide the president anyway , with the electoral college however these votes are unnecessarily translated indirectly . 
  the united states are also a federal nation state , while the eu still is a confederation of independent states who can leave if they want to . 
  there is a difference . 
  that would be nice , if it would be true . 
  but the electoral college only makes the candidates campaign in the so called `` swing states '' . 
  most rural states with low population are never really visited . 
  see this post : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5egvf4/tpp_angela_merkel_not_happy_about_possible_demise/dacfd5v/, 
  she can still comment on it . 
  common populist issue : trying to make a complex world easy . 
  you can \u00b4 t just compare germany and the us . 
  germany has a completely different form of capitalism compared with the us , which is much more based on regulation and coordination . 
  the advantage of germany is that we didn \u00b4 t do away with most of our manufacturing ( like the uk , or also the us ) , but we specialized it on very specific , expensive and complex parts . 
  the lost manufacturing jobs of the us which you mourn were mostly low skill jobs for less specialized things , like steel production , which can be easily replicated . 
  we europeans are also struggling to keep the steel production we still have , but this is a natural process . 
  as other countries develop , they have a competitive advantage in certain fields and a disadvantage in others . 
  you say , it was the morons that have lead you in the past years ? 
  fine , but maybe you should also ask if it is your ideology that lead to this . 
  america is advertising and sometimes even forcing free market capitalism all over the world , which is based of the flexibilization of the economy . 
  so what is your solution to this ? 
  he won \u00b4 t solve anything . 
  if anything , he will make things worse . 
  he can \u00b4 t bring back those jobs . 
  he wants to lower taxes for the super-rich and the companies and worsen the inequality this way , plus the debt problem . 
  at the same time , he wants to invest in infrastructure - with what money ? 
  then he wants to fuck up the fight against climate change and also destroy the base of american foreign policy . 
  in germany , we have a nice saying `` nur die d\u00fcmmsten k\u00e4lber w\u00e4hlen ihren eigenen metzger selber '' / `` only the most stupid calves select their own butcher '', 
  ttip would be dead without him as well . 
  france is not part of the trans pacific partnership ( tpp ) . 
  i think you have confused this with ttip . 
  i will answer even though you are a regular / r/the _ donald / poster : i was talking about the foreign policy related consequences of a tpp failure . 
  in that sense , there is no other way than to say that this is foolish . 
  this will strengthen chinas position , which is the biggest threat to us dominance . 
  so saying this is not foolish is like cutting your own hand for no reason and then saying `` this is not foolish '' . 
  now , whether free trade in general is good or bad economically is an endless debate . 
  i am in favor of free trade , if its fair and if the ecological standards , workers rights and quality standards are not lowered . 
  it should be called fair trade in that case , not free trade . 
  that 's the point . 
  what do you do if other people are as well educated or cheaper ? 
  the factories would have moved with or without nafta . 
  in the end , its the market that decides which factory is profitable and which is not , not the government . 
  so you can introduce tariffs on trade , but there is a good chance this will make everyone poorer . 
  no , why ? 
  i never said the eu parliament voting system is good . 
  its really as bad as the american one . 
  does n't mean i ca n't say that the american system is wrong . 
  i condemn both of them . 
  plus , what you did was a whataboutism . 
  no , the smaller states have a bigger footing than they should have , while bigger states have a smaller footing than they should . 
  you are only in favor of the electoral college now because trump won and because it gives an undemocratic advantage to midwestern states . 
  by the way , your `` leader '' said the electoral college is a catastrophe for democracy in 2012 . 
  hard to say this , but trump was right . 
  not only with a minority of states , also a clear minority of the population . 
  trump won with a close minority , but in one of his videos , cgpgrey showed that you can win with as little as 25 % of the popular vote . 
  votes from ca or ny would count more without the electoral college ?
