  when people like you talk this way about austria , i get why they call the germans piefke . 
  that were the prussians , not all germans , and it was not only the prussians , it was also russia and austria . 
   napoleon never planned to erase german states from the map , did he ? 
  yes , he did . 
  he wanted to annex many parts of west germany and north germany , where no french live ( d ) . 
  the rest he made his puppet states . 
   sorry but no sympathies . 
  france and napoleon were liberators for opressed nations . 
  only for poland . 
  for everyone else they were more like oppressors . 
  and even poland was a puppet state ... also , i want to point out that there were huge sympathies for the polish struggle in germany during 1848 . 
  unfortunately , the monarchy prevailed . 
  you do realize it was the german population getting oppressed by napoleon , not the other way around ? 
  german people had their own revolution in 1848 . 
  didn \u00b4 t work out . 
  the monarchy won . 
  its not like there weren \u00b4 t germans who wanted a liberal germany . 
  better be thankful that germany is such a liberal country today . 
  at least some people learned from history . 
  of course they are against the sanctions , they cost them money . 
  now , the german state was very stable in the support for the sanction . 
  that may change , as the sanctions have proven to be ineffective ( russia \u00b4 s economy is recovering now ) . 
  no , i myself am someone who often finds he does not conform . 
  but the british are known for their chronic non-confirming and `` we on our island '' . 
  its too easy to make jokes about this . 
  i guess us germans ... and the british and russians maybe ? 
   just what italy needs some more political parties . 
  the more the merrier !, 
  in europe it is . 
  and in the rest of the world its mostly the anglo-sphere . 
  the rest of the former british colonies often use some mix form . 
  i guess `` being a special snowflake '' . 
  i see poland & lithuania are still sticking together , opposing our glorious law system . 
  commonwealth reloaded ? 
  yes , this map is a bit inaccurate there . 
  napoleonic code had a big influence . 
  but our law system isn \u00b4 t based on it now , so its partly right . 
  people having really short memory . 
  its disgusting that he even still has any role in politics . 
  he is a / r/the _ donald / troll , of course he does . 
  / r/the _ donald / is just their propaganda page to reach less extreme people . 
  you only say that because they don \u00b4 t vote they way you want . 
  cue in the extreme left who wants to set a maximum voting age , because old people don \u00b4 t know what they do . 
  its an endless cycle . 
  i personally would love if the voting age in germany would be decreased to 16 as well . 
  giving up the euro seems like a possible outcome , yes , but leaving the eu is something no one wants in italy ( besides some irrelevant fringe parties maybe ) . 
  however , a exist from the euro will also bring a disastrous for the eu economy and italys economy . 
  popular vote is about individual votes , not states . 
  right now you have the swing states deciding everything , instead of the majority of the people . 
  80.000 people who voted for trump in the swing states had more power than the rest of the country , this is the result of the electoral college . 
  the electoral college is a unnecessary antique . 
  there is no reason to not use the popular vote . 
  its the most democratic method for such an election . 
  mario monti cabinet 2.0 ? 
   a vote that was supporter by the lega nord and 5 star movement , was definitely pro-establishment , right ? 
  it was also supported by parts of renzis own party , not to forget the centre right , who are definitely not anti-establishment . 
  turns out renzi has a lot of enemies & he made a mistake to link the referendum to his own fate . 
  italy will not leave the eu , the risk of this happening is pretty low . 
  yeah , its a pretty `` lame duck '' form of government . 
  you don \u00b4 t know if a general election will follow . 
  pd could simply just elect a new pm . 
  or a technocrat government could take over until the next regular general elections . 
  i think i see the riders of the apokalypse already on the horizon . 
  where did i say that ? 
  i linked the thread because they were talking about the very topic of this thread , how women and men voted . 
  never said the alt right is hofers voterbase . 
  its not . 
  many people who are not racist , fascist or anti-women voted for hofer . 
  the austrian establishment did a terrible job , they lost so much trust its really sad . 
  the alt right are just fascist loudmouths who claim to represent the `` average white man '' . 
  that is their claim , not mine . 
  i think they are completely wrong on that . 
  now , that is true . 
  talking is very important . 
  however , if you have someone who is outright insane , like the people in / r/altright / , talking becomes useless . 
  talking to moderate right people ? 
  absolutely . 
  i think its very important to share opinions and discuss with someone who not agrees with you . 
  but one condition is of course that they want to listen . 
  i didn \u00b4 t say the centre right wants that , i said alt-right and provided a link to / r/altright /, 
  we will see if there will be elections in italy . 
  could see a technocratic government forming , bridging the time until the next regular elections . 
  uhm ... being against everything ? 
  not sure . 
  they are one of the stranger populist movements . 
  i don \u00b4 t think m5s wants to leave the eu , neither is that supported by most italians . 
  leaving the euro ? 
  maybe . 
  so don \u00b4 t get your ( wrong ) hopes up . 
  i wish ... 
  the polls were pretty clear before the referendum . 
  now its gon na be interesting if renzi will step down . 
  even if he doesn \u00b4 t , he is seriously damaged . 
  the right in italy isn \u00b4 t very influential right now ( compared to other countries ) , m5s can \u00b4 t be descriped as right , and many on the left were also against it . 
  this wasn \u00b4 t about left or right , it was about renzi first and the constitutional reforms second . 
  not against the eu , not against the left . 
  now this is funny : https://np.reddit.com/r/altright/comments/5ggn67/women_shouldnt_be_allowed_to_vote/ already , the alt-right wants to get rid of womens voting rights . 
  who let the trolls out ? 
  back to / r/the _ donald / with you . 
  he won due to the undemocratic voting system of the us ( which he himself called undemocratic in 2012 ) .
