  these two terms are closely related and the borders between nationalism and patriotism are fluid . 
  its not me who is confused , its actually the afd , who claims to be `` patriotic '' , while they clearly are nationalist . 
   if you truly believe in the values germany embodies then say it , stand up for it , be a little proud oh , i am proud . 
  one of the values that germany embodies today is the non-nationalistic approach , which certainly makes me proud . 
  we 're all right wing pigs if we find this plea from merkel to be utterly pathetic ? 
  well , it is , because merkel says this , and on the other hands does everything in her power to appease erdogan . 
  germany never tried to assimilate the german turks , so saying that now is really empty and only serves as a signal to german voters `` we are doing something '' . 
   when i see the antifa movement , i can not agree that young people , as a bloc , know they need not feel guilty . 
  so , you take a tiny , tiny minority as the proof that all young germans still feel guilty ? 
   the regular folk is well aware that they 're not responsible . 
  quiet you . 
  don \u00b4 t break the alt-right circlejerk about german-guilt . 
  all people are experts in psycho-analyzing germans . 
   german attitudes towards their own country are shameful . 
  no , they are not . 
  there is no need to be `` patriotic '' about our country , as these feelings are only used to exploit people and silence them . 
  its best to stay neutral and critical about the country . 
  but also not hate the country . 
  is a neutral stance really `` shameful '' ? 
  many germans learned from their history , unlike other people it seems . 
  which makes the `` all germans are nazis '' memes even more absurd ...  a cocktail of historical guilt for which modern-day germans ought no longer feel responsible . 
  so , you are saying we should deny and forget history ? 
  great idea . 
  nope . 
  a differrnt poster in this thread basically said the same , and he was not downvoted . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/51wsme/ni_border_poll_52_oppose_holding_a_referendum_63/d7fjvxp its just a bs excuse and no reason to downvote someone so much . 
  the real difference is that i am from germany , he is from ireland . 
  i guess thus my opinion is invalid in the eyes of some people . 
  i think many german people know ( piefke etc. ) . 
  but most people don \u00b4 t care i think , aside from bavaria maybe ( but they also are your direct neighbors of course ) . 
  at least i really love austria . 
  i mean , where else can you get such good * wiener schnitzel * ? 
  correction : todays eastern germany was slavic in the middle ages . 
  western germany never was . 
  also , todays poland was almost entirely inhabited by germanic tribes in the antique . 
  going back and saying `` but it was ours 1000 years ago '' is really pointless ... 
  not so much anti-german . 
  much more anti-austrian and anti-ottoman . 
  germany wasn \u00b4 t a multi-ethnic empire , these two states that fought with us against the entente were . 
  dollars are actually quite nutritious , its my favorite breakfast . 
  on the contrary , its my impression that this sub is pretty well balanced . 
  its left wing on some issues and right wing on others . 
  for example , just search for any thread regarding jeremy corbyn . 
  a left-wing sub would not hit has hard at him . 
  / r/europe / has an almost equal amount of people from both wings , and the center . 
  well , yes , so i don \u00b4 t really see why someone would downvote the obvious . 
  i don \u00b4 t want to dismiss the poll . 
  as any poll it gives you a momentary picture . 
  the future however it does not cover , thats all i wanted to say . 
  i am not wishing for ni to break away from the uk , and i also know its a different story then scotland . 
  all i am saying is that the future is unpredictable . 
  you never no for certain whats going to happen . 
  if people in ni would have to suffer more difficulties following brexit ( not saying they will , but its also not impossible ) , you never know what kind of movement that could create . 
  22 % are already saying they would want to leave uk , thats 5 % more then in 2013 . 
  its a minority , but not an insignificant one . 
  to downvote me just for saying that the future is uncertain , which you can not deny , is unreasonable . 
  seems some people really have a thin skin ... 
  there are many possibilities i think . 
  who says nothern ireland has to join the republic of ireland ? 
  it could also try to set up a sort of union with both the uk and ireland , and stay mostly independent from both . 
  who knows whats going to happen ... 
  well , we will see about that when the uk has actually left the eu ... until then , saying that ni will stay is a bit premature ( the same thing goes for saying that it will leave of course ) . 
  history is in steady movement . 
  * edit : * salty uk downvoters ? 
  don \u00b4 t think the assessment that basically ` anything can happen ' is unfair ... 
  well , they always say that . 
  however , i don \u00b4 t believe a man who was famously involved in the cdu donations scandal and had to resign as the leader of this party . 
  cdu has no interest of giving the low-wage earners any real relief , their real interest is the opposite . 
  they only say it to get some easy votes next year . 
  yes , it does n't , but since it limits the states ability to invest in good times , the crisis will hit even harder when it happens . 
  in the news today : http://www.n-tv.de/politik/forscher-zweifeln-an-der-schuldenbremse-article18576546.html, 
  exactly the opposite : sch\u00e4uble wants to cement austerity , by diminishing the amount the state can invest in the future . 
  thats basically why we have the schuldenbremse as well . 
  it will hurt us when the next crisis happens . 
  if he wanted to disavow austerity , he would use the extra money for investments . 
  they could lower vat on food & water , which are products that have a separate , lower vat value . 
  lowering income tax would also help the rich way more then the poor . 
  on the other hand , if the grundfreibetrag would be increased substantially , poor people would profit . 
  wow . 
  just like fdp did in 2009 ... i bet he will fool a lot of people again . 
  we don \u00b4 t need lower taxes . 
  we need more investments in infrastructure & education , and also the extra money should be used to lower the debts of the german state . 
  lower taxes for rich people won \u00b4 t be helpful . 
  if they want to seriously make life more affordable for lower & middle classes , they would have to lower the vat . 
  and they are sure as hell not gon na do that . 
  sure , but the process is so slow because the countries of origin are slow in accepting them back . 
  just because the return-process is slow does not mean that these economic migrants are mixed up with refugees . 
  they are not , i don \u00b4 t think anyone would say that these people are refugees for the most part . 
  don \u00b4 t worry . 
  you are still surrounded by friends ... :-), 
  that effect certainly can be seen , the afd is strongest in the east , where there are much less people with foreign descent compared with the western part of germany . 
  of course there are more factors to it , but this is definitely one . 
  http://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article154705080/zahl-der-fluechtlinge-aus-nordafrika-drastisch-gesunken.html so most people from nothern africa are not recognized as refugees and don \u00b4 t get asylum , and last year there only were 26.000 people in total from these countries who tried to apply for asylum ( only a tiny part got accepted ) . 
  tunisians and moroccans often enter via france though . 
  there is not much that germany can do against that , if they are legally here . 
  no , it isn \u00b4 t. 
  that is a highly hypothetical poll . 
  csu only has a strong position because she is unique to bavaria and only has bavarian interests in mind . 
  because of this , csu would crumble after a few years if they would separate . 
  in the end it would be chaos and would weaken both cdu and csu .
