  don \u00b4 t worry about it . 
  this night , the polar cold will return ( and likely stay at least until next week ) . 
  sorry , i am not that into eu4 , i like civ more . 
  so , do we get a warmonger-malus here ? 
  this may count as a liberation war ( casus belli ) :-), 
   jewish lefty businessman * liberal, 
  good luck . 
  for starting a war with conquest-motivation , you will be sentenced to a life in prison here in germany . 
  but ... only poles live there now , so who would want that ? 
  / s seriously : we don \u00b4 t want it . 
  that chapter is closed . 
  edit : downvoters - can \u00b4 t see an obvious joke even with an / s attached ? 
  i think you mean `` polish death camps '' . 
  they were suppressed because they were considered a threat , since the foundation of christianity is intolerant . 
  it was considered a threat to the unity of the empire . 
  jews were not suppressed in the same matter , because they did not try to spread their religion . 
  german asylum seekers ? 
  i did not know that so many germans fled from this country . 
  ha , i knew this argument was coming . 
  the key thing is that christianity was a fairly aggressive new religion , that negated all other religious traditions , missionized aggressively and also dismissed the `` god emperor '' thought . 
  it was seen as a threat to the roman empires structure , which is why it was suppressed for a long time . 
  meanwhile , other religions like the german paganism and eastern traditions were allowed in rome and integrated seamlessly . 
  alexander returns !, 
  not on a horse , not with companions - he returns on rice with yogurt !, 
  you would be surprised that rome was very tolerant religiously ... 
  really ? 
  how so ? 
  do you also think the right-wing lie that nazis took away all weapons is true ? 
  germans did not have to give up weapons . 
  if anything , all the weapons that were around in the population made the preceding weimar republic more unstable . 
  well , thailand/siam was under european sphere of influence as well . 
  hey , of course we would never ever colonize other european countries ... / s, 
  somehow never heard this one , j\u00e4nner seems much more present . 
  in daily use in austria . 
  though , as in most german speaking places , it seems the dialects are eroding in austria as well , so i guess at some point it will be januar for austria also . 
  [ can we into nordic as well when we change our flag ? 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/f/f6/proposed_german_national_flag_1944.svg/500px-proposed_german_national_flag_1944.svg.png ), 
  nah , it sounds stupid . 
  also does n't fit with february at all . 
  yeah , the baltics do appear to have an identity crisis there ... however , considering they were part of russia for the longest part of the 20th century , its no wonder they got a little of a self-esteem problem , so trying to associate them self with the nordics rather than russia is understandable . 
  true , though its less to the south than , say , serbia or bulgaria . 
  so its more `` eastern europe '' . 
  i guess it depends where you draw the lines for the geographical grouping . 
  moldavia for example i would consider eastern europe . 
  its okay , there is a new sultan now . 
  its neither northern nor eastern europe exclusively , the baltic states are north-eastern europe . 
  there needs to be a eu of two stages : one core part with deep integration , and the periphery that stays loosely connected with free trade , travel etc. 
  else , i don \u00b4 t see this happening . 
  also , i am not sure who would be in the core eu . 
  germany and france for sure , belgium ? 
  luxemburg ? 
  the netherlands are known to be skeptics . 
  the nordics as well , so they would not join and eastern europe ... lets just say its complicated ... the southern part of europe is too weak in economy . 
  technically , it was not . 
  and thats the whole argument here . 
  as i said , i understand that you don \u00b4 t like it . 
  but it is still technically correct . 
  no , that comparison is wrong . 
  generalbezirk litauen was not a legal body/state . 
  this all comes from the federal construction of the ussr ( which is often cited as one of the reasons why the state failed in the manner it did ) . 
  officially , the soviet union was made up by separate states , it was nominally a union of equals . 
  of course , in reality , the rsfsr was completely dominant and lssr was a puppet state , but what counts in this discussion is the legal status . 
  lithuanian independence in the way it happened was only possible because of this . 
  the state already existed . 
  it already had borders . 
  it already had a parliament . 
  a capital . 
  meanwhile generalbezirk litauen was not a state . 
  it was an occupied territory under military control . 
  the state did not dissolve . 
  todays lithuanian republic is a direct continuation of yesterdays lssr , even though the new state has a different constitution . 
  if the lithuanian one doesn \u00b4 t include it , its false . 
  the supreme council of the republic of lithuania that initiated the independence was the supreme soviet of the lssr , just renamed . 
  as i said , technically , its right . 
  the lithuanian republic is the legal continuation of the lssr just like the federal republic of germany is the legal continuation of the german reich . 
  i can understand that the baltics don \u00b4 t like it , but it is technically right . 
  thats the thing . 
  its symbolism . 
  technically , the predecessor state of the current lithuanian republic is the lithuanian soviet republic . 
  it even states in the article :  the act of the re-establishment of the state of lithuania or act of march 11 ( lithuanian : aktas d\u0117l lietuvos nepriklausomos valstyb\u0117s atstatymo ) was an independence declaration ** by the lithuanian soviet socialist republic ** the lithuanian soviet socialist republic may have been a puppet state , but it still was a state and a legal body . 
  the declaration was made by the organs of that state , the state was not dissolved . 
  so saying `` former soviet republic '' is technically correct , even if you don \u00b4 t like it . 
  i don \u00b4 t think it is hard where this comes from : before the baltics declared their independence , they were part of the ussr and they were `` soviet republics '' . 
  so everything that happened there was happening `` in the soviet republic of ... '' in the media . 
  and when they declared independence , they then became `` ex-soviet republic '' , because , thats what these states are , states that were soviet and then became independent ( again ) . 
  i am convinced the spd wants to loose . 
  just remember that thorsten albig said the spd should not choose their own candidate for chancellor . 
  i see , gabriel trying to pass merkel on the right ... 
  i think spd has already chosen him as candidate . 
  they want to loose . 
  well , lets prepare for 4 more years of a grand coalition !, 
  worked so well before ... 
  germans are of mixed ancestry , just like anyone else in europe . 
  there is no clear distinction . 
  the influences vary from country to country . 
  there is no distinct ethnic-german group . 
  germany itself is made up of several smaller german speaking states , which could also be defined as separate `` nations '' / tribes . 
  apparently you do care , why else would you post this nonsense about extinction here . 
  also , i am not sure what your lifestyle has to do with this . 
  you can be an exercising vegetarian and still be a racist .
