  just this : someone with your views also would have agreed to the appeasement policy ( which proved to be really effective in the end , of course ... ) . 
  what is really disgusting : standing by silently , while other states turn into dicatorships or dictatorships-light ( like hungary ) . 
  wikipedia is a non-profit project , and they don \u00b4 t use their `` monopoly '' to keep competitors out of the market . 
  so this comparison is nonsense . 
  what matters is googles behavior , which is just as bad as microsofts was . 
  some people want to see google as the `` good guys '' , no matter what . 
  i agree that `` know it all '' is not helping if you want to sway voters . 
  on the other hand , however : is giving up all your own policy ideas really something desirable ? 
  giving up on all social , economic reforms , which is what kretschmann wants , would render the greens a party without program - is `` we want power '' and `` we are not going to fuck with the status quo much '' really enough ? 
  with someone like kretschmann , who is as close to the industry as someone from the cdu , i bet the greens would not even fight climate change , because the changes might hurt the industry . 
  quite frankly , we already have such a party , it is called cdu . 
  do we really need a mini-cdu ? 
  the greens really lost their purpose after the atomausstieg , it seems . 
  so many people complain that parties become indistinguishable . 
  if the right-wing of the greens ( which is what they should really be called instead of that biased `` realo '' / `` fundi '' thing ) wins , they could merge with the cdu under merkel , wouldn \u00b4 t really make a difference . 
   i think cdu / realistic greens would work out quite nice . 
  sounds like a great government for four more years of stagnation !, 
  like here in hesse . 
  where nothing happens . 
  where problems are not solved . 
  where the greens are in power , but they don \u00b4 t do anything for the environment . 
  such a `` great '' government !, 
  power for the sake of power !, 
  nutjob ? 
  well , if giving up all your principles & own identity ( like kretschmann ) is realistic ... 
  if the greens will move more towards the neo-liberal direction , they will make them self irrelevant in the long run . 
  no one needs a fdp with a slightly better conscience . 
  the lust for power in the greens is sickening . 
  the greens in baw\u00fc are barely distinguishable from the cdu , kretschmann could very well switch the party . 
  this is the reason they won , but the whole republic isn \u00b4 t as conservative as baw\u00fc ( thank god ) . 
  we need him in this office , to show the world that germans can be stupid , racist and incompetent too !, 
   i might actually vote cdu for the first time in my life next year why ? 
  what have they achieved in the last term ? 
  what would make you vote for them ? 
  so , because this map uses the crappy us definition , it is now the generally accepted one ? 
  red has always been the color of the left , blue the color if the right , ever since the french revolution . 
  look it up . 
  there is a reason that the flag of the soviet union is red , just like the flag of the prc . 
  renzi seems competent , he is just held back by the structural corruption and inefficiency in italy which is hard to get rid of . 
  also , kanzler kern of austria seems like a good politician so far . 
  if we are talking about past chancellors , all the spd chancellors would outclass merkel easily in what they achieved for germany , even helmut schmidt . 
  though i don \u00b4 t like agenda 2010 , schr\u00f6ders style of government was far better then merkels . 
  at least he had the guts to do something like that , even if it lost him the office . 
  11 years stagnation under merkel are enough . 
   i 'd bet on union/greens . 
  i doubt they will reach the majority . 
  maybe cdu/fdp/gr \u00fcne ? 
  the dream coalition ... : - <  i 'd like him to run in 2021 when he acutally has a chance . 
  not if the spd will go into another black-red coalition . 
  what a surprise !, 
  a blind one could have seen this coming a mile away . 
  wish we could get rid of her . 
  her getting re-elected in 2013 was already bad enough . 
  but with the spd as incapable as it is , this isn \u00b4 t going to happen anytime soon . 
  i fear the potato isn \u00b4 t enough anymore . 
  of course . 
  historical centers should be preserved . 
  i guess you have never been to frankfurt . 
  as it was bombed to rubble , there was a lot of post-war architecture that aged rather badly . 
  so if you want to remove some of the ugliness , why not reconstruct some parts of the old town ? 
  also , they are not only doing reconstructions there , they also are adding some new buildings into the mix . 
  you can do a virtual tour here : http://www.domroemer.de/panos/?loc=huehnermarkt there are more then enough modern buildings constructed as well ( which also are mostly fine as a replacement of the post-war sins ... ) . 
  i wouldn \u00b4 t say germany is hostile to progress . 
  in frankfurt , the opposite has happened : the brutalist [ technisches rathaus ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/ca/technischesrathaus-ffm001.jpg/1280px-technischesrathaus-ffm001.jpg ) was demolished . 
  in its place , a part of the old city is being reconstructed . 
  see : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dom-r\u00f6mer_project, 
  when is the meteor going to hit ? 
   if it was n't for the refugees policy it would easily be this sub 's favourite government . 
  so you think this sub does not value press freedom and a proper system of checks and balances where the constitutional court is respected ? 
  yeah , this sub is really anti-liberal and anti-democracy ... 
  sure , red is the color of socialism/communism/social democrats in europe . 
  of course not during the great depression . 
  but before the great depression , the us were indeed a economical superpower ( golden 20s ) . 
  thats why the great depression had such a big negative impact on germany - with many us banks going bankrupt and the economies being intertwined too much already , as the americans were lending a lot of money to german companies and banks in the 1920s . 
  yes , the 20s and 30s were a transition period , but the seeds for the future domination of the us ( and russia ) were already planted in 1917 ( or rather 1914 , when europe started its suicide ) . 
  in history , the 19th century is sometimes called `` the long 19th century '' , as it is defined from 1789 ( french revolution ) to 1914 . 
  it is the century of the first industrial revolution , the century of europe and colonialism/imperialism . 
  the 20th century is often called the `` short century '' , as it is often defined from 1914 to 1990 - it defining trait is the fight between fascism , communism and capitalism , and the russian and us dominance . 
  move to hungary . 
  1917 is generally seen as the year that set the stage up for the us and russia to assume world-wide hegemony in the 20th century , as the us entered the war and russia had the revolution . 
  at the same time , the general hegemony of europe and the colonial system started to fall apart . 
  though it took another world war to end it for good . 
  the us might not have been a military superpower yet , but it still tipped the war in favor of the entente . 
  also , it became much more important as a economic superpower , which is why the crash of 1929 had so many bad effects world-wide . 
  both styles have their purpose and reason for existing . 
  the old architecture definitely needs to live on , but we also need the blocks if we want to keep some affordable housing . 
  just because they introduced child benefits that doesn \u00b4 t make them socialist . 
  on the contrary , its more in line with conservative values . 
  after all , `` the family '' is the core of society for conservative . 
  so pis investing in child benefits makes sense . 
  maybe you don \u00b4 t know what socialism means . 
   also , law and justice tries to ban trade on sundays , what the heck ? 
  close ties with the church -  typical for christian , conservative parties . . 
  liberals can be both centre-left or centre-right ( or just centre ) . 
  though centre-right is more common it seems , yes . 
   angela merkel now is the leader of the free world that isn \u00b4 t going to go well . 
  for her to be a leader of the free world , she is way too hated both on the left ( for the austerity ) and the right ( for the asylum policies ) . 
  plus , she has no real visions for the future and barely manages to make germany ready for the future . 
  in the past 6 years , she has shown that she is incapable to lead europe . 
  he can refuse to sign a law if he doesn \u00b4 t like it .
