  because this system means that it takes month if not years to pass a law . 
  the reform is supposed to make governance easier . 
  isn \u00b4 t this a very bad sign erdogan is sending to his own citizens ? 
  its like the government is openly admitting that they don \u00b4 t have trust in the lira . 
  turkey headed for a crash ? 
  germany is also preparing mass deportations of afghans . 
   the people did !!!, 
  and that 's what nations are . 
  boundaries do not describe nations - people do !!, 
  you think if suddenly one nation expands or contracts , suddenly it 's a completely different nation ?? 
  yes , but we live in a time where the nation state is a concept deeply ingrained in peoples minds . 
  going back to ancient concepts of state is considered impossible today , and nation states also serve a purpose for elites , as they give them power . 
  like , the ruling class of the ukraine would be pretty insignificant if the ukraine was part of russia . 
  200 years ago , most ukrainians would have identified them self as russian who speak a little different . 
  then a national movement in the elite-part of society was born , which created and advertised the separate `` ukrainian '' identity . 
  thus , it became common that people identified as ukrainian rather than russian . 
   those were your early nations . 
  communities yes , nations no . 
  the celts for example . 
  they controlled large parts of europe , but were they a nation ? 
  despite speaking a similar language and having a similar culture , they would identify with their local tribes and families rather than `` the celtish nation '' or whatever . 
  you can \u00b4 t define nation so loosely . 
   in northern/central europe ? 
  not that many yes , that many . 
  ok , not scandinavia , but who would want to live in such a cold place anyway . 
  ;-) but central europe ? 
  absolutely . 
  if you look at the movement of people , its crazy . 
   also , how does this justify today 's immigration policy ? 
  never justified it with that . 
  it only is meant to counter the far-right bullshit about racial and cultural purity . 
  immigration policies are to be justified by other things . 
  demographics , economy , there are many reasons . 
  its also important to separate refugees from migrants , something that the far-right refuses to do . 
   for fuck 's sake !, 
  but human communities have in fact existed since the beginning of time !!, 
  are those not nations ?? 
  it 's the same nations just in a different form . 
  was a tribe in the stone-age a nation ? 
  absolutely not !, 
  sigh ... i am not reading marx on this . 
  this is basic state theory ( what is a nation-state , when did it form etc. ) . 
  nation-states are not a capitalist construct , and i never said so . 
  the first nation states started to form at the end of the middle ages , i think france and england would be good examples for this development . 
  they did not form because the uneducated peasants of the middle ages wanted it , they formed because monarchy . 
  look , it seems like you don \u00b4 t have any real knowledge of history . 
  you clearly show that with that last part about the soviet union `` why did they back were they were thousands of years before '' - it seems you don \u00b4 t know that thousands of years ago , most of the states formed after the fall of the ussr didn \u00b4 t exist . 
  ukraine , for example . 
  or all the central asian republics . 
   it 's mostly about descent , common history , common memories of struggle , war , expansion , etc. . . aka : ethnicity . 
  now , thats just wrong . 
  the nation states were formed before that . 
  france and england are probably the two best examples of this . 
  they were formed because of monarchy . 
  all that other stuff comes after that and is used today to justify the nation state , but it did not do so in the beginning , descent ? 
  in europe ? 
  look up the history of the antiques and see how much migration happened in ancient times . 
  there is no `` nation of one pure descent '' . 
  for example , the germans . 
  even before the germans migrated to what is today known as germany , there were people living right here . 
  the celts . 
  the germans defeated them , but do you think the people that lived her just vanished ? 
  of course not . 
  people mixed . 
  stop listening to the stupid right wing propaganda , which thinks that nations are existing since the beginning of time . 
  the concept of the nation-state is a fairly new human-made concept , not something that existed always . 
  nation states were formed to represent a particular ethnic/cultural identity ? 
  they were originally formed because of monarchy in the middle ages . 
  they represented all the land a certain monarchy controlled . 
  from this , the idea of a `` nation '' developed , as the nation states adopted common language and tried to develop a common ground which could be used to unify the population . 
  so the state came first , population unification later . 
  but i guess the real concept behind the nation state might be too hard to grasp for you . 
  you think the nation states were formed because the population wanted them to represent their interest . 
  i guess the polish really see conquest and strength as great virtues , seeing how often the country was conquered ... 
  nice whataboutism . 
  `` someone who grew up in a society , where human rights are not a given , doesn \u00b4 t respect human rights . 
  so we don \u00b4 t have to respect them either ! '', 
  they are a extremist-right group , founded in 2004 in france . 
  they believe that every nation has a defined , separate cultural-ethnic identity that is shared by all native inhabitance , thus every nation needs to be `` pure '' from other cultural influences . 
  its basically the nazi ideology with the word `` race '' replaced with `` culture '' . 
  they are being watched by the german verfassungsschutz because there are signs of ambitions to get rid of the german constitution . 
  you are implying that the local population is neglected somehow , which is not the case . 
  in your example , i would try to keep both alive of course , if possible . 
  its also incredible dumb , because sometimes , its in your best interest to do something that seems against your interest at first but then turns out to be the right thing . 
  people like you have learned nothing from history . 
  egoism isn \u00b4 t a solution to anything really . 
  very true , respect for the constitution is essential . 
  this is something the alt-right doesn \u00b4 t have . 
  no respect for basic human rights and dignity . 
  pandoro . 
  don \u00b4 t like fruit in my cake , i especially despise of raisins . 
   the aging of society is an inevitable development not really , it would be possible to have a stable population . 
  but its not gon na work if people don \u00b4 t want to have kids . 
  define `` drastically change '' . 
  integration and assimilation is not a one way thing , both sides have to make some compromises to make it work . 
  integration in a foreigner-hostile environment is never going to work . 
   how about the japanese , they like their culture and do n't want to change it to accomodate foreigners . 
  their culture has changed pretty drastically over the last 100-200 years , as a reaction to western dominance . 
  you dream of a completely `` pure '' society - doesn \u00b4 t exist , is unrealistic and unhealthy . 
  every society has foreign influence and changes over time .
