  you said germany , austria and switzerland are central europe . 
  the un says this group does not exist . 
  therefore , the un site is meaningless for the discussion what is central europe . 
  if you split europe in the middle , of course germany would be west and poland east ... because they are the center of europe . 
  central europe , you could say . 
   possibly . 
  it 's also not about arrogance , it 's just part of history that there are certain so called former `` eastern bloc countries '' which developed ... slightly differently than western or central europe . 
  they were eastern europe politically for 40 years in the long history of europe ... wow . 
  that of course means they are eastern europe forever !, 
  the cold war is over , since 27 years now . 
  stop living in the past and stop treating former warsaw pact countries as second grade europeans . 
   but east of germany . 
  and germany is the point where the definition comes from because ... ? 
   my main point is actually that in the east of germany/austria lie the vast lands of eastern europe . 
  wow , thats completely wrong . 
  you can \u00b4 t just say `` they are more eastern then us , therefore eastern europe '' . 
   however , putting all of germany into the same category as poland is nearly insulting . 
  east germany ? 
  if you insist . 
  the rest ? 
  surely fucking not . 
  ah , so this really is about western arrogance ? 
  so if huge parts of poland would still be germany , would this count as central europe ? 
  sorry , but this is just stupid . 
  historically and geographically , these lands were always and will always be central europe , whether you like being grouped with the `` poor poles '' or not . 
  the comment you made is already wrong , because the czech republic is not really `` east of austria '' at all . 
  the overwhelming majority of austrian territory is exactly as east/west as the czech republic . 
  you are denying that poland is part of central europe and saying that germany and austria are in central europe ... and then post a link to a un file that excludes central europe as a category completely . 
  geographically and historically , these countries are central europe , sorry : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/central_europe, 
  oh , nice one . 
  except for the fact that this does not even list central europe as a region , which is why germany is in western europe and poland in eastern europe of course . 
  nah , poland is central europe , as well as the czech republic and slovakia , maybe also hungary . 
  eastern europe are russia , ukraine , belarus , the baltic states , romania , bulgaria . 
  the baltic states are north-eastern-europe , romania and bulgaria south-eastern-europe . 
  i would be against that . 
  take turkey for example . 
  liberal people fleeing from there because of erdogans dictatorship-like rule i would gladly take in . 
  such a ban would prevent it , because they are muslims . 
  its just stupid and unfair . 
  why does everything always have to be black and white ? 
  so , the us wants another balkan war ? 
  is this another move to divide and destroy the eu ? 
  as i said , they tried , which resulted in the battle of carrhae . 
  damn those horse archers , i hate them in total war when they are used against me ... 
  mesopotamia yes , but they never managed to conquer persia . 
  they tried , but the parthians defeated them . 
  check out the battle of carrhae : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_carrhae in the later years of the roman empire , the parthian empire was the major rival . 
  how ironic , back in the day egypt was one of the most prosperous regions , and the regions in europe that are the richest now were the poorest , most underdeveloped regions back then . 
  all reversed . 
  yes , most german people like to eat things that taste of nothing . 
  when you buy german recipe books , you always should remember : made for default german taste . 
  add more salt/pepper/other spices than your are supposed to according to the recipe . 
  these days , the cdu has little to do with religion . 
  do we really know ? 
  merkel is known to change her position on things if she thinks it necessary to stay in power, 
  he is a 3rd way politician , just like blair in britain or schr\u00f6der in germany . 
  i believe the candidate for that would be melenchon , but he won \u00b4 t win . 
  they would loose more moderate , progressive voters to the spd if they go for current afd voters . 
  they chose merkel because there was no one who could have taken her place ( or even wanted to ) . 
  merkel brought them their big victory 4 years ago , so despite the refugee crisis , she was still considered a `` safe bet '' . 
  however , this may turn out to be wrong ... we will see . 
  switzerland and baden-w\u00fcrttemberg , wow . 
  hesse could join both as well , if it wasn \u00b4 t for that backwards region northern hesse ... 
  `` you know me '' does not replace explaining her stance on certain issues . 
  it only means `` trust me , i will not fuck anything up '' . 
  in regards to what the cdu/csu will campaign on : apparently on being split in regards to the refugee-crisis . 
  also , is the cdu/csu against the doppelte staatsb\u00fcrgerschaft or not ? 
  the party decided it is , but the candidate merkel said she isn \u00b4 t. . . not really clear on that . 
  yes , it does , it only delays the cost . 
  this is similar to the us , where the students have to take on large loans and pay them back later . 
  it strangles people and makes building wealth much harder . 
  education should be free . 
  in regards to teachers being fired , yes , we need more investments in education . 
  thats another reason why the state should invest the money instead of lowering some taxes ... 
  ** translation & tl ; dr : ** the european finance ministers sought to delay the next decision about the greek debt crisis to the summer of 2018 ( after the big elections this year ) . 
  the imf however could pose a problem for the eurogroup , most importantly for the german finance minister sch\u00e4uble : if the imf leaves the finance-rescue-program for greece this year , the crisis could come back hard . 
  the harsh truth that the debt needs to be cut again could hit the eurozone badly . 
  the imf sees the debt-level as unsustainable . 
  they said they want to reintroduce tuition-fees in nrw . 
  they have not really changed , though they are good at selling that they have changed . 
  i wonder why people always bring this up . 
  why does schulz have to explain himself on everything , while merkel gets a free pass to not do so ? 
  her last election campaign was devoid of any real policy discussions . 
  because dutch is a variant of german of course , but considered a different language today . 
  its a similar situation to schwizerd\u00fctsch , which is also hard to understand , but you can understand it if you try . 
  only that dutch is already one step further and considered a separate language - and of course in switzerland , high german is often the standard as the written language . 
   in times of negative rates , that would be stupid . 
  no its not . 
  cut old debts that have positive rates . 
   you can not flatten the curve without increasing the level paying the top rate . 
  well , i wouldn \u00b4 t want to flatten the curve in the way mit would want it . 
  i know their dream still is flat tax , but that just makes no sense . 
  they want to move the point where you have to pay the max . 
  tax rate from 53.000 $ to 60.000 $ , so that would definitely help high-income-workers , not the low income people . 
  if you really want to reform the taxes : - get the max . 
  income tax back to its former level ( 53 % ) - cut the vat on food - up the threshold for tax-free income significantly . 
  maybe 15.000 $ per year these would be things that help the low-income group , while at the same time preserving the states ability to invest and cut debts . 
  while at the same time helping to drive consumption . 
  everything else is just populism for the elections without proper financing behind it . 
  the really low income people won \u00b4 t profite much from tax cuts , the difference is tiny .
