  it is not for southern europe . 
  germany has some big advantages because of the euro , in fact , it profits the most from it . 
  in the end , you have to make some compromises or it won \u00b4 t work . 
  national egoism is nice , but it can hurt you as well . 
  so now we might watch the eurozone fall apart , if italy leaves the euro after the referendum in december . 
  yes , they are investing a little bit more now then before . 
  its still not enough though to correct the years of neglect completely : http://www.spiegel.de/wirtschaft/soziales/deutschland-hier-sind-deutschlands-bruecken-marode-a-1080431.html, 
  yes , after they noticed that everything falls apart , they started to apply some band aid . 
  the neglect of the infrastructure , which has been going on for years now , now requires a big investment . 
  the federal government gives the states money . 
  for example , for education . 
   sch\u00e4uble also has not demanded a black zero from anyone . 
  just limiting deficits . 
  has greece not been a lesson of what happens when you recklessly run huge deficits ? 
  i think nobody says that greece could have continued like before . 
  however , the strategy of sch\u00e4uble and the other euro states in greece was wrong . 
  you don \u00b4 t cut the budget drastically when a country like greece is in crisis , you invest more . 
  instead , they repeated the mistake of the 30s , which is to lower spending when it is needed the most . 
  or , they should have just ended it . 
  let go greece from the euro-zone , but demand a bigger debt cut as well . 
  the crisis is still not over , and it will likely hit us in 2017 or 2018 once again . 
  the increase is minuscule . 
  the german state earns so much money with the kfz-tax , which is much more then they re-invest in the infrastructure . 
  now , they want to privatize the autobahn for a public-private-ownership , which is explained with `` this would bring money for the infrastructure-renovation '' . 
  way to give away something for free that belongs to be people ( after all , our taxes are what build the autobahn ) for some private profit for big banks . 
  the federal government should give the states much more money for education . 
  the states cut the budget , which has consequences like this : http://winfuture.de/news,94718.html, 
  die linke has a pacifistic foreign policy approach , which represents a minority of the german population . 
  these people do exist however , and i don \u00b4 t see a reason why they shouldn \u00b4 t be represented . 
  not everyone wants war . 
  not every party needs to share the mainstream position . 
  the greens gave up on being pacifist , and it did cost them voters . 
  the anti free trade talk is populist ? 
  it is not . 
  there are some real concerns that are shared by other parties ( green , parts of the spd ) . 
  free trade has some advantages . 
  it also has some disadvantages . 
  it is important to point out these disadvantages as well ( which might just out-weigh the advantages ... ) . 
  it is , when your infrastructure begins breaking down everywhere . 
  all the bridges , train tracks etc. 
  it also will show in the future when you save money in the education sector ... sch\u00e4ubles fetish with the `` schwarze null '' is wrong . 
  even worse of course is that he tries to force the same policy onto everyone else , especially southern europe . 
  lets see what happens in the italian referendum , because i think the italians are tired of this . 
  thats almost 5 % . 
  deportations are slow , if you want to do them in a human way that complies with the laws . 
  so deporting such a number of people is indeed a rather huge feat . 
  logical , you need roads if you want to start a stupid war you are gon na loose . 
  typical : the autobahn is seen as `` hitlers project '' by the right . 
  however , this is known false history , as the construction was planned ( and started ) long before hitler got into office . 
  so go back to the neo-nazi part of the internet , please . 
  plebs is the correct word . 
  well , sch\u00e4uble ( mr. `` privatize the autobahn '' ) also enforces austerity on his own people ... 
  you mean like it was 1933-1945 ? 
  good times / s, 
  don \u00b4 t give them any . 
  they would have enforced austerity in greece just like sch\u00e4uble , if they would have been part of the eurozone . 
  many of the problems in berlin were created in the time of cdu government as well . 
  maybe let the new senate assume office first and then judge ? 
  otherwise this is just fear mongering . 
  the coalition-treaty has far more content then just bike lanes . 
  in th\u00fcringen , the red/red/green coalition works . 
  i don \u00b4 t see why black/green would be better . 
  we have that here in hesse . 
  the government does ... nothing . 
  but why ? 
  belgium isn \u00b4 t a real country , i think thats it . 
  if you are politically oppressed and threatened , you can get asylum in germany . 
  you need to proof that you are persecuted however . 
  `` everything i don \u00b4 t like is soros funded / globalist conspiracy '', 
  yep , it might set off a chain reaction , with spain , portugal and greece maybe following italy \u00b4 s footsteps if it happens . 
  the market could start to bet against these countries again . 
  in the end , the euro still is not sustainable ( except for us , of course :-] ), 
  maybe not supporting that , but tolerate them . 
  after all , the is fights against the kurds and assad , two enemies of turkey . 
  however , this ended , so now turkey fights against them . 
  but they tolerated them too long . 
  i doubt it . 
  if m5s gets into power , italy might leave the euro-zone , as many italians are very critical of the currency ( as they should , seeing how the euro brings them many disadvantages ) . 
  but leaving the eu completely , i do not see that . 
  no problem . 
  keep up the fight !, 
  you have my deep respect for that . 
   canada  mexico why not both ? 
  have you considered leaving ? 
  germany does take in political refugees . 
  delete your account . 
  civil war is already going on , though mostly in the south east part of turkey ( the kurdish territories ) . 
  the first steps against chp already happened : https://au.news.yahoo.com/world/a/33144494/erdogan-in-criminal-complaint-against-opposition-for-insult/#page1, 
  i have a better idea - he should go back to r/the _ donald and stay there . 
  the way i understand it , mhp is a puppet party now . 
  and hdp and even chp are under pressure by the justice system . 
  erdogan wants the total power in his hands . 
  difficult to do , when you have the state against you . 
  chp is now also targeted by erdogan . 
  sorry , but i think you are really clueless in regards to \u00d6ttinger . 
  he is a deplorable lobby puppet , who only serves big business . 
  so we are happy to not have him . 
  in fact , that might be the reason he was `` given '' to europe , we needed to get rid of him . 
  or maybe merkel wanted to make the ec more useless by appointing him . 
  the rest , i am not going to comment much .
