  see , it is a very regional thing . 
  gr\u00fc\u00df gott is common in southern germany , mainly in bavaria , but not at all here in hesse . 
  if i would speak the regional dialect , i would probably say `` ei gude '' , which is part of the southern hessian dialect . 
  while in the north of germany , `` moin '' ( morgen/morning ) is very common . 
  the regional difference in germany are extreme sometimes . 
  - more formal, 
  sorry if this joke offended you , i have deleted the post . 
  i thought he had negative approval by now ? 
  what schr\u00f6der did here in germany was bad in many places . 
  also , france isn \u00b4 t germany . 
  people will end up angrier than they already are . 
  less taxes for the rich won \u00b4 t help the struggling middle class . 
  le pens plan is worse in that she plans to destroy the european union . 
  france needs a moderate who could implement modest , acceptable reforms and hold the nation in the eu . 
  not a neo-con or a neo-fascist . 
  neoliberal reforms that might make things worse than before . 
  why for the left ? 
  its more like one of the worst year ever for the neoliberal establishment so far . 
  because globalization is a project of liberalism really . 
  internationalism is part of the lefts identity , but globalization really isn \u00b4 t connected too much with that . 
  france going to the right is logical , after a relatively unsuccessful centre-left government , with someone not fit for this office in charge . 
  but , everyone will at least see that fire !, 
  social-liberal would fit here in germany as a description for someone like valls and macron i think . 
  this is going to be really interesting . 
  for voters on the left , it will be the choice between the devil and the deep blue sea ( die wahl zwischen pest und cholera ) . 
  could be an advantage for le pen . 
  i hope not , as she may very well end the european project . 
  but fillion will be horrible too . 
  maybe macron could win this ? 
  who knows , maybe he does . 
  graf fillion dracula . 
  thats the point , of course . 
  ;-) what good is a populist movement that isn \u00b4 t popular . 
  but spain lacks a `` right wing populist '' party . 
  it simply does not have one , just like greece , portugal or italy . 
  pp is the traditional right-wing conservative party . 
  there is a split between nothern europe and southern europe it seems . 
  france is in the middle of it . 
  eu accession talks are not frozen , yet . 
  if turkey wants to align itself with the autocrats of the world , its fine . 
  if this is the will of the people . 
  however , i doubt this provides a good perspective for the future of the country . 
  that cesspool of hatred and lies is leaking quite often these days . 
  no arguments , just bs conspiracy , all you have . 
  the narrative that the media here tried to hide it , which is not the case . 
  don \u00b4 t destroy the carefully crafted narrative !, 
  the left ? 
  is this a joke ? 
  since when are italy and france governed by right-wing politicians ? 
  and poland and hungary by the left ? 
  nobody hates entire nations ( except the right maybe ) . 
  some people however are concerned if governments suppress their people and attack other nations . 
  is this forbidden now ? 
  stop your agenda pushing !, 
  i like mercedes a little bit more , or porsche . 
  nonetheless , both are too expensive for me right now ... 
  according to this map , your country is part of the ocean . 
  so unless its the dutch who take over europe instead of latvia , no one would be interested in ocean . 
  in germany , you will get up to 4000 $ if you buy a new electric car . 
  3000 for a hybrid . 
  though that comes from the government and is not related to the vw crisis . 
  your original reply was better . 
  not only that , they are also blaming the customer for the crisis : http://www.faz.net/aktuell/wirtschaft/vw-abgasskandal/f-a-s-exklusiv-vw-chef-kritisiert-betroffene-des-dieselskandals-14535298.html i personally decided that i will never buy a vw car in the future because of this , unless this arrogant company really changes . 
  true . 
  the car industry is precious to the government . 
  which of course is kind of right , because its no doubt one of our most important industries . 
  unfortunately , its also kind of wrong , because vw should take a real hit for this so that they can learn . 
  over-protection by the german government leads to lazy , non-innovative and corrupt corporate structures at the car companies . 
  i don \u00b4 t really see much of a future for our car industry , if this continues . 
  the bet on diesel was a big mistake in hindsight . 
  now they might get swept away by electric cars , if they don \u00b4 t get their shit together quickly enough . 
  yes , this is most certainly the case . 
  russia is a country that never really had a democracy western style , it went straight from a absolute , authoritarian government to the next . 
  tsarism to the soviets to putin . 
  thats why there were people like rosa luxemburg who said that russia was not ready for such a revolution before the october revolution . 
  unfortunately , the soviets were victorious , so their model became the example for other `` socialists '' to follow . 
  didn \u00b4 t work out , of course . 
  now , thats the real question . 
  can you see the future ? 
  because at one point , give the technological progress , something very close to it could be possible - something like startrek , where there is basically no more money because everything is available for everyone in abundance . 
  the talks about basic income seem like a first step in this direction , where you don \u00b4 t have to work anymore , you do it for pleasure . 
  the interesting thing is that engels once wrote that you can \u00b4 t just jump-start socialism , you have to wait for capitalism to evolve and produce abundance - because if there is abundance , everyone can be rich . 
  if you do it like the soviets , everyone is poor , because they wanted to jump straight from poor , rural feudalistic russia to soviet utopia . 
  the future has yet to happen , so we will see . 
  i doubt that mankind will end in the next 100 years already , so there is plenty of time to think about it ... 
  technically , no one ever lived in actual communism . 
  all the soviets achieved was socialism - the step between capitalism and communism . 
  though not in the way originally envisioned by engels and marx , but in twisted form that came from lenin and stalin . 
  their experiment was doomed from the start . 
  everyone who is not far right ( fascist ) is left wing to them , so i guess it makes sense in their twisted worldview . 
  this !, 
  the reason this has to happen !, 
  too bad europe has left the stage of barbarism . 
  yes , but europe is definitely socialist , right ? 
  uhhg , hate this cover version . 
  way to ruin a great song . 
  the trolls are getting restless these days , aren \u00b4 t they ... 
  still 14 million people - would count as `` a lot '' in many european countries in absolute numbers . 
  but why is this here in / r/europe / and not in / r/soccer / ? 
  well , in this case , they weren \u00b4 t good cooks , because the food tasted like factory food .
