  bam , 180 \u00b0 turn , start energiewende tomorrow ( of course , because she feared that the greens become to powerful , look at how they polled back then ) . 
  this left us with an hastily done , very expensive energiewende , instead of a well planned and executed one . 
  now the german state is fined by vattenfall and rwe for shutting down the akws . 
  all because of merkel . 
  if you want to know where a reform is needed : the health sector . 
  my farther is a doctor , and he left germany a few years ago . 
  the health sector right now is a disaster in germany . 
  people have to wait months for an appointment at a specialist-doctor , rural areas are left without any doctors , because the doctors can \u00b4 t sustain themself in rural areas . 
  what did merkel do about it so far ? 
  nothing . 
  or how about infrastructure . 
  germany is years behind other nations when it comes to internet infrastructure , and roads and bridges are badly in need of repairs . 
  also , schools , don \u00b4 t get me started on schools ... merkel has no real vision for this country , other then staying in power . 
  thats the real problem . 
  they were not part of the government when the crisis started . 
  when they formed a coalition with the cdu in late 2013/early 2014 , austerity was fully implemented and very popular in the german society . 
  so they didn \u00b4 t do anything against it , it likely would have been suicide . 
  although they often tried to argue against it . 
  i think we argued before about this . 
  imho , a cdu/green coalition will be the end of the greens , they will go down a similar path as the fdp if that happens . 
  merkel is an expert in killing the smaller coalition partner . 
  and the greens will loose all whats left of their soul . 
  just like in my home state . 
  red/red/green would be a dream come true , because it would be the only possible coalition that doesn \u00b4 t involve the cdu . 
  i would be open for spd/fdp/green as well , but that definitely won \u00b4 t happen . 
  how exactly , if i may ask ? 
  he is a nothern irish unionist dup voter . 
  he might be afraid that a successful independence of scotland could increase the support for republican parties in nothern ireland . 
  why did you vote spd in the first place ? 
  ( this is a honest question ), 
  rebuild the empire !, 
  oh wait , there was a guy who already tried it ... 
  denmark , why aren \u00b4 t you part of our country ? 
  discover your german roots and join the fun !, 
  ( it would also look much better on maps ) also , what difference between `` in the euro '' and `` on the euro '' ? 
  is the euro some kind of drug you can be `` on '' ? 
  we either wonder why someone is in the eu or why they are not in the eu . 
  i think it may be soccer related ... lol . 
  ww2 was just the last step . 
  1917 was the year that defined the century - the october revolution in russia and the us entering the war . 
  it market the rise of the two dominant superpowers of the 20th century . 
  world war 1 is often described as the suicide of europe . 
  even though france and the british empire won the war , they were a mere shadow of their former glory , too much was wasted in the war . 
  the process of decolonization began after the war . 
  the treaty of versailles was the set-up for world war 2 , as the german population saw the treaty as unjust and too harsh , paving the way for revisionism and the nazis . 
  ww1 was a disaster for europe . 
  never said they are equivalent . 
  but they are both two powers that meddle with european affairs . 
  that was what i said . 
  compared to european countries ... they are still a super-power . 
  on the same level as the us ? 
  no , of course not . 
  but who is ? 
  maybe . 
  however , the current situation couldn \u00b4 t be worse . 
  if the west would have stepped in , it might have been bad , but not that bad . 
  nobody knows how the civil war can be resolved now . 
  the problem is that the euro alone isn \u00b4 t healthy , not without implementing eu-wide social and economic policies . 
  its like taking the second step before the first . 
  closer integration would have needed more time . 
  but they decided to hurry , because germany had to agree to the euro for the reunification . 
  the population doesn \u00b4 t support any kind of war really . 
  german minds have been `` demilitarized '' mostly . 
  even the mission against isis where the german pilots are not even fighting is a little bit controversial . 
  russia wants to get germany as its ally in europe . 
  its hard to balance between wanting to drive back russia , keeping the dialogue going and wanting to do business with them . 
  our government really struggles with it and is very split , cdu is more anti-russia ( and unconditionally pro-us ) , while the spd is not as russia-phobic . 
  \u00b4 i think in the minds of the population , germany is not really threatened by russia . 
  harsh actions against russia are unpopular here . 
  i never said that i agree with the treatment of greece . 
  greece should have left the euro a long time ago . 
  the euro in its current form is a wrong concept anyway . 
  syria : if the west wanted , it could have ended the civil war a few months after it began . 
  however , europe and the usa are tired by all theses conflicts you listed , the people don \u00b4 t want anymore wars . 
  so syria is a huge mess now . 
  russia on the other hand acted and now its the dominant player in syria . 
  well , i see you are still stuck in the 19th century way of thinking . 
  i don \u00b4 t want a europe under german dominance . 
  i want europe to work together , independently from either the us or russia . 
  russia may not be a superpower in economic terms , but they are when it comes to military . 
  and unlike the west , they are still willing to use it . 
  whatever we do , we are the plaything of either russia or the us . 
  maybe china too in the future . 
  europe ended its dominance in 1914-1918 for good , it seems we won \u00b4 t ever recover from that . 
  not if we continue fighting amongst each other . 
  the real reason for that wasn \u00b4 t really the missing electoral threshold , although it was a factor . 
  more important was the fact that the president had too much power , and most important : people thought democracy was a weak system and monarchy/dictatorship is better . 
  this is different today . 
  although many people are not satisfied with democracy , few actually support a system change . 
  i would say : drop the threshold , or at least lower it . 
  2-3 % would be more reasonable then the 5 % we currently have in germany . 
  its simply more democratic . 
  the 8 % in poland are definitely too high ( even worse is turkey though ) . 
  [ fearless leader . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/9wgfv3xptok?t=8s ), 
  too bad . 
  if he has a house and gets hartz 4 , he will have to sell the house . 
  well , there has been some small form of turnaround . 
  regulation is not seen as a universally bad thing anymore , and now even the eu is starting to go after companies like apple for not paying taxes . 
  more importantly , dissatisfaction with capitalism is much greater today then pre-2007 .
