  but good try to stigmatize someone with a different opinion . 
  as long as its in the basic law , its not obsolete . 
  its the only way to legally choose a new constitution . 
  i think it is one of the most important articles in the constitution , because without it , germany is `` stuck '' with the basic law that is unchangeable in core parts . 
  i am a major critic of the federal structure for example . 
  if it becomes more obvious at some point that the federal structure is not fit for a healthy state organization , 146 is the only way to replace it with something better . 
  so i guess according to you , only a tiny amount of the us population is actually american , right ? 
  only the native americans can be . 
  everyone else is a immigrant . 
  wow , every us american president was a `` non-american '' !, 
  get a grip on reality and stop with the racist/etnic/cultural-purity bullshit . 
  someone of indian , asian , middle-eastern or african ancestry can be just as british as someone `` white british '' . 
  london has a major for crying out loud who is not white . 
  is he not british , despite being well integrated , despite that he was born in london , despite having lived all his life in the country ? 
  according to you , of course not . 
  actually , its more like `` not liking parts of dutch citizens '' . 
  but of course , you don \u00b4 t consider them to be dutch , because race/blood . 
   the structure of the german federation can not be changed through law it can , if a new constitution is elected in accordance with article 146 of the basic law . 
  this is what could have/should have happened in 1990 , but the chosen way of reunification was in accordance with article 23 instead : the ddr was simply `` swallowed '' by the brd . 
  ah , only white people can be british . 
  i see . 
   not all of them , but they have a tendency to vote for their self-interest , especially if it screws the younger generation . 
  wow , people vote in their self interest !, 
  what a unique concept !, 
   democracy is mob rule . 
  no , what you are talking about is ochlocracy . 
   we all have republics or constitutional monarchies , and must protect them from the stupid masses who would vote themselves off a cliff for the lulz . 
  ah , so you think you are better ? 
  got it . 
   we do n't let people under 18 vote because of their mental capacity no , even 15 or maybe 14 year old could vote . 
  voting age should be 16 , there is just not much incentive to lower it . 
   why should we let old people above 60 who are obviously misinformed and senile ? 
  sure . 
  everyone over 60 is senile . 
  do you live in the real world ? 
  there are very smart , fit people above 60 . 
  most people over 60 are far from senile . 
  and in fact , many politicians are over 60 as well !, 
  but who am i talking to - you want to base voting on iq . 
  thats just wrong and against the very foundation of democracy . 
  yay , no more pesky democracy !, 
  just ban everyone from voting you don \u00b4 t like . 
  productivity today = letting the money work for you . 
  well yes , but the spd is far more likely to get a little closer to the union with schulz than with gabriel . 
  with gabriel , they may go the opposite direction . 
  norway and switzerland on steroids . 
  also , the blue banana is relatively visible on this map . 
  hey , at least its always pretty warm , so thats something . 
  it is germany that wanted to help greece & italy by taking a number of refugees and implement some sort of quota system . 
  it is eastern europe who wants the egoistic old system back that leaves southern europe in the cold . 
  really `` germanic '' . 
  its a typo , they meant britain / s, 
  the solution : max . 
  austerity / s, 
  italy is the weak point of the euro-zone . 
  if they would leave , the whole project is in danger . 
  stupid idea . 
  it is as always with the right : they complain that integration does n't work , and then they do everything in their power to make integration impossible . 
  the 6 will be just for the swimming lessons , the rest of the sports lessons can outweigh that . 
   i fail to understand how respecting a very , very basic human right - that of protection from violence and theft , equals `` unlimited capitalism '' we are not talking about theft , we are talking about taxes . 
  it equals unlimited capitalism in that that it basically mandates the state protecting the property owners ( instead of , you know , the peoples interest ) and in that it can be used ( just like you did ) to justify the abortion of taxes , state interference as they are `` theft '' . 
  i will tell you what is theft : our minister of finance wants to privatize parts of the autobahn . 
  that is theft of peoples-property . 
  these streets and this infrastructure were build with peoples taxes , billions every year , and now they want to practically `` gift '' them to big insurance companies and banks for their profit . 
  that is theft . 
   they are allowed to give their life 's work to their children - often their primary motivation to accumulate wealth in the first place as i said , no one wants to take all of it . 
  the children should get an inheritance , but the state should tax that to invest that money in various things - infrastructure , schools etc. 
   they built their entire economies and wealth with capitalism that was as open and corporation-oriented as that in the us . 
  i know !, 
  thats why i said up there - they have a mixture . 
  of course they have a market system , they don \u00b4 t have a planned economy . 
   the danish pm himself [ had to come up and clarify that ] ( http://www.investors.com/politics/commentary/denmark-tells-bernie-sanders-to-stop-calling-it-socialist/ after he had enough of the `` socialist scandinavia '' myth and he is absolutely right , the scandinavian are not socialist countries . 
  i think this stems from the weird american definition of socialism , where every country with a little bit of a welfare state and some elements of coordinated economy is `` socialist '' . 
  i never said these countries are socialist . 
   and if you were an actually economically educated person who values income equality in a society , as opposed to yet another one who repeats common socialist myths , you 'd be giving countries like poland or the baltics as an example , considering the paygap between the richest and poorest , and between ceo 's / executive management and regular workers , is far , far smaller there than in scandinavia the scandinavian nations are much wealthier as a whole , while poland and the baltics as former east block countries are poorer overall - they don \u00b4 t have capitalism since a ling time , so wealth accumulation hasn \u00b4 t happened yet . 
  so you believe in unlimited capitalism . 
  i get it , but we are not gon na find a common ground here . 
  taxes are not stealing . 
  period . 
   so neither marxist policies have ever worked well , i always like the economic system of the scandinavian countries . 
  works quite well with their mix of socialist elements and capitalism ( welfare state ) . 
  but sure , continue to believe in the capitalist utopia . 
  yes , it should . 
  its very unfair that some people get everything while others have to work their whole live to achieve a small part of what they inherited . 
  no matter how intelligent , hard-working or talented someone is . 
  no one says that everything they inherited should be taken , but its not unreasonable to take a small part of that . 
  otherwise the wealth concentrates more and more in the hands of less and less people . 
  the wealth needs to be redistributed . 
  ha , i like this - not the decision , but that the base went against the wishes of the leadership . 
  the base of cdu still has some life in it after all . 
  now merkel has to stand against the will of her own party . 
  she lost control . 
  sure they do . 
  but then of course you have to pay for them for the rest of your life . 
  this is what my family does . 
  if you already have property you own without the banks help , its a little bit easier . 
  you can only do that if you are really wealthy already and good property is not being sold often . 
  the prices have gone up like crazy . 
  frankfurt had the highest renting-price surge of all german cities last year . 
  depends where in frankfurt .
