  leading to many political problems we still have now . 
  just an example : the borders in africa were set during this time , which ignored ethnical and tribal borders that existed for a long time . 
  this still leads to countless conflicts and civil wars to this date . 
  so yes , this period made our world what it is today . 
  both in good and in bad ways . 
  it should not be glorified ( which is what people like bj\u00f6rn h\u00f6cke try to do ) , but seen for what it is . 
  i think its wrong . 
  if you think its right , you can justify many atrocities in human history . 
  forcing your own language and culture onto other people because you are the majority is wrong . 
  the french have also eased their policies in this regard , though they are more centralistic than other countries , yes . 
  in the case of a greater german solution in 1848 , the proposal was that the austrians would have to give up on their non-german territories ( maybe to form an independent hungarian state ? ) . 
  of course , this was not accepted by the austrians . 
  i am not so sure that austrians already developed a separate identity , yet . 
  i would say that this didn \u00b4 t really completely happen until after ww2 . 
  in 1918 , there were many in austria that wanted to join germany after the breakup of the k.u.k. 
  monarchy . 
  not integrate . 
  assimilate . 
  destroy the polish identity forever , that was the goal . 
  but it was a crucial mistake to get the americans to be involved . 
  it is known that the german military leaders and the kaiser underestimated the huge potential of the usa . 
  the french and british were also very worn down from the war , the resources and fresh man-power of the us were crucial in the loss of the war . 
  it is unclear if he really would have been a liberal reformer . 
  it is said that he was not a proponent of a stronger parliament . 
  we can speculate all day about it . 
  unfortunately , as you said , he died too soon after his coronation , so we will never now for sure . 
  the reichstag was not that important in the kaiserreich , and despite being the most powerful party , the spd was never involved in the government of the kaiserreich . 
  also , the world war then proved that the masses were not really that democratized . 
  as the wave of nationalism even made the spd fall in line . 
  the failure of the weimar republic further proves that germans had still a long way to go in terms of democratization . 
  it was really lost in 1917 with the us entering the war on the side of the entene . 
  or rather , it was lost in 1914 , because the schlieffen-plan failed . 
  what do you think of the greek syriza and its government-work ? 
  i can cook pretty well , so i will bring my own gulasch ( as well as tarhonya ) . 
  the kaiserreich had a top-down structure that blocked the transformation into a more liberal state , unless the kaiser himself was a liberal ( which was not going to happen , because the anti-liberal values were strong in the kaiserreich ) . 
   history ( or life whatever ) is not deterministic so that this leads to that . 
  no , but the values of a state are important for its actions and also the mindset of the population . 
  there was always this stereotype that germans were really `` obrigkeitsh\u00f6rig '' , and this was ( and maybe is ) partly true . 
  you can \u00b4 t forge a state in a war and with aristocrats and then expect it to turn into a liberal utopia . 
  i did not downvote you , must have been someone else . 
  not sure if he referred to killing by saying `` extermination '' . 
  rather , the culture was being `` exterminated '' . 
  palinka or wodka ? 
  :p can you also make gulasch for me ? 
  it has to be spicy though . 
  the kulturkampf was also aimed against poles : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/germanisation#situation_in_the_19th_century, 
  problem is that bismark could not live forever . 
  the new generation that grew up in the founding-time ( like wilhelm 2 ) had a very different , nationalistic mindset , so this might have been inevitable . 
  those years were not wonderful and it could only end in ww1 . 
  this state was ill-conceived right from the start . 
  born from militarism , regressive-conservatism and authoritarian thoughts , it could only end in tragedy and war . 
  ultimately , it led to the rise of fascism in germany by laying its foundations . 
  born in war , ended in war . 
  its a national tragedy that the revolution of 1848 was a failure . 
  if only it succeeded , germany could have been a liberal state with a very different development . 
  wodka . 
  russian breakfast . 
  is alcazar in power right now or is it tapioca again ? 
  also , where is nuevo rico ... was it renamed to legoland ? 
  no germans live there anymore , so this is kind of a wrong example . 
  this is a joke . 
  say what you will about schulz , but at least he represented the european parliament in public properly and wasn \u00b4 t afraid to stand up to the state leaders . 
  and now we get the assistant of that clown berlusconi . 
  yay for the epp , the killers of the european union !, 
  more centre-right neoliberal policies , they just work ... 
  they can be successful . 
  they can also fall apart , like austria-hungary . 
  or the soviet union for that matter . 
  the nationalism creates tensions that eventually destroy the foundation of the state . 
  thats why multi-ethnical empires always try to make their state-population the majority everywhere . 
  favored , yes , but the difference was too small to really be sure . 
  there is still the statistical uncertainty involved as well . 
  if you looked at the important swing states , it was clear that trump had a chance . 
  this is a meme . 
  the polls showed that clinton was leading , which was the case in the elections as well , clinton got the most votes . 
  but in the important swing-states , it was too close to call . 
  for once he is right . 
  i think he was referring to the soviet invasion ( 1979 ) . 
  related to that , the mess that is afghanistan is not only the soviets/russians fault , it was also the us that armed the mujahideen ( they invested billions of dollars there ) . 
  so the us laid the foundations for the taliban rule that they later used as the reason to invoke article 5 ... 
  he is a cretin and should be overridden . 
  but the problem remains that he has the last say in too many things . 
  so it is uncertain that this could happen . 
  sure . 
  nato is obsolete because it was created many years ago ? 
  of course !, 
  everything that was created many years ago is obsolete . 
  like the us constitution for example . 
  35 % tax on foreign companies that produce in mexico for the us market ( which is absolutely covered by nafta ) - i see nothing wrong with this / s `` the germans treat the us bad because rich people in 5th avenue all own german cars '' - not our fault if they don \u00b4 t want to buy shitty american cars ... and no , the eu was not founded to beat america in trade . 
  the initial spark for the european project was `` hey , we probably should stop fighting and rather start working together '' . 
  the next years might be very interesting in international-realtions based topics . 
  but interesting in a bad way . 
  i want to see the `` good '' people in the atlantik br\u00fccke ( organization that propagates close us-german relations ) defend trump ... this might be the end to the alliance that existed since world war 2 . 
  i could see america going back completely to isolationism at some point . 
  i guess it depends where you are . 
  also , it is said that it will continue to snow this evening . 
  resistance is futile !, 
  take our money and share your weather with us !, 
  wrong country . 
  w\u00f6rk all day , no raise !,
