  big it-companies attract the brightest minds , which in return means that new start-ups will also most likely going to be created in proximity of silicon valley - a virtuos circle . 
  a different example for such a virtuos circle is the german car industry . 
  having the biggest car industry also means that germany has to have a focus on engineering , which in turn helps other manufacturing segments . 
  this is a regulation that benefits citizens . 
  planned obsolesce ( which is what non-repairable products are ) is a terrible thing for both consumers and the environment . 
  a repairable product isn \u00b4 t a sign of the `` digital stone age '' . 
  on the contrary , if people can repair their products , maybe they will get to know more about technology in the process . 
  this is a good example why i like the eu . 
  a regulation that benefits the people . 
  hopefully it will be implemented . 
  i guess one of the advantages of the eu being so behind in technology is that there are really no eu-based technology cooperations that can lobby against such a law . 
  the american one . 
  ah , the mighty city of kings landing . 
  / r/prequelmemes is strong with this one . 
  i feel the same . 
  for me , medium is barely acceptable , though i do drink it if the alternative is silent water . 
  its not as convenient for me . 
  [ everyone has their guilty pleasures . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xigbptbinhk ), 
  i personally don \u00b4 t , but i know many people who do . 
  i find it more tedious if i always have to carbonize new water . 
  when i am sitting at my desk , i like to have four bottles of sparkling water at the side , readily available for when i am thirsty . 
  mostly , i drink unflavored water . 
  if i want flavor , i just mix in a little bit of apple or orange juice . 
   then i understood that germans basically only drink that it varies . 
  some people in germany prefer silent water . 
  at many public events , you will mostly find `` medium water '' , which is water with just a little bit of sparkling gas , a compromise between both . 
  i prefer the full-sparkling kind . 
  i guess it depends on the kind of water you grow up with . 
  if i drink silent water , i kinda feel like i become sleepy . 
  its hard to describe , it tastes `` boring '' . 
  i 'd rather drink juices or soft-drinks than silent water . 
  because it tastes so much better and more interesting than silent water . 
  not a very good one , though it is kind of iconic for its badness . 
  glass bottle master race . 
  i prefer 0.7 liter glass bottles . 
  with the 1.5 liter bottles , there is often just a little bit water left in the bottle , which has lost all its gas and tastes horribly . 
  i would end up not drinking it and just pour it away . 
  i love bottled , sparkling water . 
  its nearly the only thing i drink . 
  tap water is great in quality , but its not sparkling . 
  its not a building , its a broadcast tower . 
  if you would include structures of this type , the list would be dominated by them . 
  in frankfurt we also have the [ europaturm ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europaturm ) , which is higher than the commerzbank tower . 
  but , this is also a telecommunications tower . 
  south tyrol is back on the menu boyz !, 
   [ frenchest thing ever !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rfp7ewdl12c ), 
  i personally don \u00b4 t like the gem\u00fcsepaprika / bell pepper too much . 
  they are not spicy . 
  i only really like spicy pepper variants , which in return means that i don \u00b4 t really like the dutch peppers too much . 
  its a shame that we don \u00b4 t have many peppers from hungary available here in germany . 
  i guess globalization can go both ways . 
  there are things that become available when they normally wouldn \u00b4 t be , but it can also be a threat to variation . 
  its in your hands now to make that a reality . 
  come on , they don \u00b4 t have any military . 
  easy prey for the future mighty eu military force / s, 
  found the optimist . 
   also , when we 're redrawing borders anyway , give the saarland to france . 
  take a look at the map again , seems the saarland is with france and elsass is with baden-w\u00fcrttemberg . 
  this is a bit useless , because it leaves atheists out of the picture . 
  east germany for example is very atheistic . 
  the same goes for the czech republic i think . 
  because she already said that this is a topic that where there would be a change after the elections . 
  she is only salty now because the spd seized that opportunity to get the topic through parliament now . 
  its all political maneuvering . 
  all her potential coalition partners said there wouldn \u00b4 t be a coalition without some agreement about gay marriage , so merkel could have used this topic for bargaining after the election ala `` you accept this and the cdu will accept gay marriage '' . 
  now that option is gone . 
   you said she and the cdu as a whole are neither progressive nor conservative , but that 's just a cheap answer its not . 
  its the only correct answer . 
   what is so implausible about the idea that a party founded as a conservative one , pushing policies considered conservative in germany is not a conservative party just because there are some crazy ultra-nationalist idiots who call themselves conservative too , maybe even in entirely different countries ? 
  the cdu pushed the same policies in the past , but merkel has stripped the conservative part of the cdu of most of their power . 
  she and her entourage are controlling this party firmly . 
  this is visible if you look at the csu , who is much more like the cdu was in the past . 
  the csu never was changed by merkel . 
  is the csu ultra-nationalist ? 
   i do not doubt that merkel personally disagrees with gay marriage . 
  why should i ? 
  because she has shown time and time that she has no real personal convictions that matter . 
  she just does whats opportune to do in every situation . 
  prolong the time the nuclear power plants run , reduce it again after fukushima . 
  its all the same to her , she just does what keeps her in power . 
  the greens were polling in the 20s after fukushima , ** that ** is the reason why she changed course so quickly . 
  nothing else . 
   why do we consider it more plausible like merkel is somehow a progressive infiltrator who managed to get to the top of germanys leading conservative party she is neither progressive nor conservative . 
  the cdu also isn \u00b4 t conservative in many parts of the party , the conservative today are just a small wing that isn \u00b4 t very powerful . 
  the main ideology of the cdu is being in power , and nothing else . 
  if it that means policies that line up with conservative positions or liberal ones doesn \u00b4 t matter . 
   well , all the parties to the left of her - so all the parties , since again , cdu/csu are the parties most to the right in parliament - criticized her for it , so in the presence of alternatives on the left , i have to assume that her course is a conservative one . 
  even if there are alternatives even further to the right . 
  thats not how this works . 
  a party is not the conservative one just because there are no more parties that are further to the right in parliament . 
  just like a party does not become socialist because there is no party further to the left . 
  the democrats in the us are not socialist and they are the biggest party on the `` left '' . 
  and just as i said in my other post , that opposition is not honest at all . 
  its just a show for the actual conservative parts of her party . 
  its easy to say no when its clear that yes will win . 
  petty tactics , nothing more . 
  if this opposition was honest , she wouldn \u00b4 t have opened the gates for this idea on monday . 
  i don \u00b4 t see at all how her direction in the refugee crisis was at all lined up with conservatism .
