  a major power , no . 
   well ... here is maps of british empire before ww2 ( pink ) that is superpower in my book . 
  they still had the empire , but the war took away their capabilities to really use the vast empire . 
  decolonization started after world war 1 as well . 
   how so ? 
  world war 1 destroyed the old superpowers . 
  the k.u.k. 
  monarchy was dissolved , as was the ottoman empire . 
  germany was left in a very weak state . 
  france and the uk `` won '' , but they war took its toll on them , they could no longer really excerize their power as much as before . 
  this set up the us as the new super-power , because they weren \u00b4 t effected by the negative effects of the war . 
  also russia ...  soviet revolution did n't enable russia to do anything , most likely outcome of it was russia staying as backwards country as it was before . 
  no , because the soviets destroyed the old feudal system and the backwards monarchy . 
  this allowed them to finally industrialize russia . 
   i have better idea , why not become again , so european nations alone are capable of being superpowers ? 
  because thats not happening . 
  there is not going to be a miracle industrial revolution that will give europe this advantage again . 
  china and the usa are far ahead of europe , but these are also much bigger states . 
   this should be aim of every european nation , not something else . 
  this can only be the aim when the european nations work together , because alone they are much to small to play any prominent role . 
    i was n't talking about world war 1 , but wars between european nations during 15-16-17-18-19 centuries , during which european countries were ruling the world . 
  european countries `` ruling the world '' , this didn \u00b4 t happen really till the late 19th century . 
  european countries mainly ruled the world from 1850 - 1914 ... which was also a pretty peaceful period for europe , with only minor conflicts . 
  before that european countries started to colonize america , but they did not rule africa nor asia . 
  the wars was not what enabled european countries to rule the world . 
  that was industrialization , which started in europe . 
  with technological leadership , africa could be conquered , china and india could be subdued . 
   well , i do n't see anybody ever trying to regain influence european countries had not so long ago , interesting , what is stopping them ? 
  because europe has no leadership in technology anymore , nor in economy . 
  you know what helps your economy ? 
  having colonies which basically give you resources for free . 
  will europe ever get back colonies ? 
   first of all , united kingdom was superpower ( i would argue that it was still the most powerful country but okay ) at least , at very fucking least until destroyers for bases agreement , better date would be british parliament signing indian independence act and it was n't official until suez crisis . 
  britain was a superpower before world war 1 . 
  after it was still a major power , but not the world dominating force it was before . 
  the inter-war-period was a transition period . 
  after the war the us could have become the super-power , but this time , they chose to go back into isolation . 
  after world war 2 , they made a different decision , the rest is history . 
   but if you really think post ww1 russia was even world power , i am sorry but you need carefully reread everything you have read about this subject , without stalin forcefully industrializing ussr soviet union would n't have survived second world war , let alone start any ` superpower ' games . 
  i did not say they were , but world war 1 set up what would later happen . 
  soviet revolution would enable russia to industrialize , before it was a very backwards country . 
  the victory in world war 2 then established the ussr as a super-power . 
   it will take time and sacrifice , but trust me , sooner or later european countries will regain their glory . 
  it 's not the first time european nations are outgunned by huge empires , but with huge sacrifice and nationalism european countries have always regained their power and this time will be no exception . 
  european countries alone are much too small to be relevant in a world where europe is no longer the center of technological and economic development . 
  thats literally the reason the eu exists - to keep europe relevant . 
   well , i do n't suggest , it 's a fact , european countries were leading the world during these wars . 
  hahaha hahaha . 
  world war 1 was what ended the dominance of europe and set up the usa and russia as superpowers ... world war 2 then ended it for good . 
  nationalism did wonders for europe indeed ... in a very , very negative way . 
   there 's an attack or attempted attack every few days . 
  no , thats definitely not true . 
  yes , there are attempts , every few days , no . 
  this attack for me reeks of desperation . 
  their bigger attempt a few days ago was uncovered so they try and do this , a lone-wolf attack with comparably small impact . 
   to do so excuses their behavior to some extent by legitimizing it and it minimizes the omnipresent threat that they pose to western society . 
  no , sorry . 
  you are obviously too blinded by ideology to see clearly , if you think i was trying to legitimize anything here . 
  it is known that isis tries to affect elections in western countries . 
  so i definitely do not believe this attack was a coincidence . 
  sorry , but you obviously don \u00b4 t know what you are talking about . 
  communism is a `` liberal ideology '' ? 
  yeah , right . 
  maybe you should look into where communism really comes from , what liberalism really is instead of writing nonsense . 
  again . 
  stalinism is as far away from liberalism as fascism is . 
  both are authoritarian enemies of the liberal ideology , which is much older than both . 
  stalinism stems from socialism , fascism from conservatism . 
  liberalism , conservatism , socialism - the three big ideologies of the 19th century . 
  what ? 
  where did i say that conservatism = fascism ? 
  i said most conservative parties these days are in fact liberal , which is far away from `` dangerous fringe '' . 
  fascism is an extreme form of conservatism - thats what i stated above . 
  also stalinism has nothing to do with liberalism at all ( unlike fascism with conservatism ) . 
  stalinism is as opposed to liberalism as fascism is . 
  there was an attempted attack a few days ago . 
  it obvious that they try to affect the elections . 
  you mean mandatory neoliberal indoctrination ? 
  because that surely will benefit society ... / s economics is not a one sided thing . 
  there are many different opinions in this field . 
  there is also a divide in hesse , most of the wealth is here in the south . 
  northern hesse isn \u00b4 t doing quite as strong . 
  he doesn \u00b4 t have to be beloved . 
  but he also shouldn \u00b4 t be hated . 
  that alone should tell you that there is something seriously wrong with german eu-politics . 
  but whatever - there are no problems in the eu / s next week , there are elections in france ... 2 of the 4 most likely presidents want to destroy ( le pen ) or at least completely change the eu ( melenchon ) . 
  from an ideological perspective , conservatism has no real core . 
  its like a parasite that latches onto the ruling system and ideology . 
  thats why many conservative parties are in fact liberal . 
  the really dangerous conservatism is fascism , which is the extreme form , you could say mutated conservatism . 
  it doesn \u00b4 t want to preserve what is there , it wants to turn back time to go back to something that was there before ( even if that is just imaginary ) . 
  this is something very different though . 
  what is described there is more like `` socially and economically liberal '' , as opposed to `` conservative '' or `` fascist '' , which is what is more alluded to with france . 
  this is very different from country to country . 
  in general though , there also is indoctrination in the capitalist system . 
  so its no wonder many kids these days grow up to be egotistical a ** holes , because egoism is actually celebrated these days . 
  the problem is : this is not how the eu can work . 
  excellent work , like when he served as our interior minister ? 
  well , that really was `` excellent '' / s sch\u00e4uble is also the guy who wants to take the autobahn , property of the german state and people , build with your taxes and mine , and gift them to banks and insurance companies ... yeah , no , he hasn \u00b4 t changed a bit . 
  chancellor sch\u00e4uble ... what a dystopian vision that is .
