  i would totally be on board in replacing mittwoch with wunstag . 
  at least , most of europe can agree on the name for samstag . 
  weird though that britain mostly is in line with german and nordic countries ( logical , considering its germanic language-heritage ) , but then breaks that neat line with saturday . 
  of course you could argue its because britain was occupied by the romans as well , but ireland never was and they also derive their word from saturn . 
  come here - germany is famous for its generous stance regarding asylum seekers :-), 
  i hope he doesn \u00b4 t succeed . 
  i am ok with france going conservative again , if it at least stops le pen from taking over . 
  but sarkozy ? 
  come on ... 
  at least we didn \u00b4 t participate in this one ... the only time i wasn \u00b4 t completely ashamed by the actions of the conservative-liberal government we had at the time . 
  there is no point discussing with a troll . 
  oh , you are right . 
  maybe just stay in bed then . 
  so far , it has not . 
  most criminality , like people who break into other people houses/flats , still comes from organized criminals from eastern europe . 
  as with everything , there is no white - black . 
  of course there are criminals or even terrorists among the refugees . 
  the three people who were arrested today masqueraded as refugees . 
  but so far , the overwhelming majority has been peaceful and didn \u00b4 t break the law . 
  it was clear from the start that the integration of such a big group of migrants would not be an easy task . 
  no one expected that there wouldn \u00b4 t be any problems . 
  social instability is big in germany , but really not because of the refugees . 
  the widening gap between rich and poor is more important for this . 
  the refugees serve as an easy target for people unhappy with the social situation . 
  there are many complaints ala `` there is money for refugees , but not for us '' . 
  no point in a discussion with someone who is a denier of reality . 
  maybe you should just close all windows , all doors , lock them up and stay inside forever . 
  obviously , the world outside is far too dangerous for you . 
  its neither more stable nor more unstable . 
  the threat of islamistic terrorism was there way before the refugee crisis . 
  we just were lucky that none of the earlier attempts were successful ( except the one attack on us soldiers on a german airport ) . 
  rapes happen in every country every day . 
  psychos can be found in any country . 
  germany is stable . 
  any rumors about unstableness are wrong . 
  there is no reason to not come here . 
  sure there is a risk , but there is a risk in almost any country . 
  the probability of dying in a car accident is much higher then being killed by a terrorist . 
  thats the problem . 
  i would say spd , but they are of course part of the problem . 
  as long as gabriel still is in power , spd is not a real alternative . 
  hopefully , after he looses the elections next year , there can be some sort of change in spd . 
   wealth inequality is a problem . 
  wealth inequality is not poverty . 
  to just separate these things is wrong . 
  wealth inequality leads to poverty . 
  the barriers between the classes are becoming higher , more and more people from the middle class are slipping into the lower class . 
  it 's not . 
  yes , it is . 
  being poor does not mean having to starve , again . 
  being poor also can mean that you can \u00b4 t afford going to university , can \u00b4 t afford the rent . 
  having to buy cheap clothes also gives people a stigma as `` poor '' , which leads to social problems , depression etc. , all the associated problems that come with it . 
  no one cares in germany if the poor people here have more then in hungary , they are still poor by our standards . 
  having to eat at a tafel is also one of these things . 
  teenagers from wealthy families are still far more likely to go to high-school , university etc. , compared with people from poor families . 
  regardless of intelligence and how well they do in school . 
  not starving = !, 
  not poor wealth is being distributed less and less equal amongst the population . 
  thats a fact , and there are many people worse off today then 10 or 20 years ago . 
  this is a biggest problem we have today , and the major reason why people are so unsatisfied with the current political system . 
  it just gets worse and worse , and politicians wonder why extreme parties profit from it ...  relative poverty is not poverty . 
  a cheap argument really . 
  its like saying `` look , there are people in africa who have much less then you , so shut up - you are not poor , your problems don \u00b4 t exist . '', 
  relative poverty is poverty as well . 
  there is nothing wrong with trying to fight relative poverty . 
   how about redistributing wealth ? 
  how about electing a different government ? 
  we won \u00b4 t go anywhere on this as long as the party representing the top 5 % of society is in power . 
  i like that name . 
  insert an n in there , and it just has an entirely different , fitting meaning . 
  :-) we have similar airports in germany . 
  like [ kassel-calden ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kassel_airport ) , for example . 
  although occasionally , there are some planes that take off there ... 
  i am living in one of the green segments of germany , and our house was built in the after-war time-period , it fits . 
  the clear difference between west and east germany is funny though . 
  there are some people who are pacifist of course . 
  turkey and greece had a population exchange , as part of the treaty of lausanne . 
  so most of them left in 1923 . 
  until 1945 , there were still around 125.000 greeks in turkey , most of which left after the istanbul progrom in 1955 . 
  today , almost all anatolian greeks are gone , the same goes for east thrace . 
  there still is a big greek minority in north epirus . 
  until the crusaders came and pillaged constantinople . 
  it was all downhill from there ... 
  hey - they joined world war i on the side of the entente , who also won . 
  they only botched up ww2 ... 
  maybe because they don \u00b4 t want to become irrelevant . 
  germany + france , maybe italy and the benelux , would be a power to contend with . 
   talks about eu defense  then brings up anti-interventionism take note : eu defense does not necessarily include interventions in foreign countries . 
  the focus is on defense , which is accepted in germany - majority of german indeed thinks we should defend ourself if we are under attack . 
  you elected an anti-eu government , who favors visegrad over the weimar connection with germany and france . 
  you are excluding yourself , so don \u00b4 t complain . 
  make the frankish empire great again . 
  they have considered it before afaik , but they didn \u00b4 t want to create even more `` anti-eu '' sentiment in the uk , so the plans never left the `` thinking about it '' stage , till now . 
  its a popular right-wing accusation that maas collaborates actively with the antifa . 
  however , the most he has done is demonstrate against the right-wing pegida ( a big demonstration where the antifa was also present apparently ) , as well as commend a couple of bands that played on an event against nazis - one of the bands was radical-left . 
  of course maas is enemy # 1 in the eyes of afd , pegida etc. , since he openly opposes and condemns them . 
  i am not afraid to call myself anything . 
  i am just not a patriot . 
  don \u00b4 t try to play psychoanalyst with people you don \u00b4 t know , it doesn \u00b4 t work . 
  i could also make the wildest assumptions about you , but they probably are not going to reflect reality .
