  its their own fault . 
  the liberals forgot to be civil rights oriented , just pushing the neo-liberal economic policies . 
  fdp was very strong in the 2009 election ( 14 % ) , which they won by promising lower taxes . 
  the only taxes they lowered were for hotels . 
  people then finally recognized that they only serve the rich to make them even richer . 
   as i understood it , the party with the most votes has to be in the coalition ? 
  no , it doesn \u00b4 t. 
  its just tradition that the biggest party has the primary right to form a government . 
  there are cases in which the second biggest party took over government , like the spd-fdp coalition in 1969 ( willy brandt ) . 
   they even mentioned that its just mathematically an option because they would n't work together . 
  difference is that they could work together if they wanted to . 
  this is not the case with afd and the rest of the parties , or the left and cdu/fdp . 
  also in case of afd both sides say they won \u00b4 t work together . 
  coalitions with the afd are just completely impossible right now . 
   i think this is a prime example of leftist state media fact skewing , they just cut them out . 
  it is not . 
  all parties have proclaimed that they won \u00b4 t work with the afd ( and the afd doesn \u00b4 t want to work with them , really ) , so showing these options doesn \u00b4 t make sense . 
  in the same way , showing mathematically possible coalition options with cdu and the left doesn \u00b4 t make sense , and is thus not done . 
  the law-and-order politician henkel ( cdu ) did such a splendid job there , right ? 
   the greens are generally more left not really anymore . 
  they are much more centralist then ten years ago . 
  i would argue that the spd is overall more leftist now then the greens . 
  that `` spell '' is very much still existent , and the reason why the npd never gained traction . 
  thats why i wrote that it might be a problem if they drift further to the right . 
  its also the reason why the potential of the afd is limited . 
  from my point of view ( which , disclaimer , is the view of a leftist ) , the reason for the rise of the afd is that the cdu lost its ability to take in national-conservative right-wing voters . 
  merkels weapon against spd & the greens was to move into the center , and abandon certain conservative positions ( like nuclear power , strict immigration rules , conscription ) that were very controversial ( she still retained all the neo-liberal economic policies ) . 
  this way she gained voters in the center , while retaining the most voters on the right because there literally was no alternative there . 
  entering afd - the party started as an anti-euro party , but has since split and is much more extreme right then before . 
  the majority of the voter-base of the afd is conservative , and in the polls after elections , you will generally find that the voters don \u00b4 t trust the party . 
  they recognize that the party is extreme right in parts , like an npd-light , but they still vote for it because of protest . 
  many of them would rather vote for the csu , if they could . 
  what could end the afd for good : if the cdu would move back to include the moderate-right positions . 
  however , this seems impossible as long as merkel leads the party . 
  this would also likely cause central voters to move back to spd , green and fdp . 
  not a huge fan of the federalism in its current form anyway . 
  but beyond that , its not really a huge blow . 
  realistically , the members of the state-parliaments don \u00b4 t really decide for local interest , they decide for the party . 
  thats speculation . 
  imho , more direct democracy would have the opposite effect , encourage higher turnouts . 
  not anymore , no . 
  the bonds with the parties today are in most cases much weaker then 20 years ago . 
  personality is much more important for such an election , especially because the president doesn \u00b4 t have much political power . 
  gauck would have surely won the direct election against wulff . 
  this would have spared us one embarrassing president ... 
  but the problem with bundesversammlung always is that its way to dominated by party politics . 
  thats how we ended up with a slouch like wulff . 
  i think thats what people are sick of . 
  too much party-politics , too much intrigue etc. 
  - i think having him elected directly is not a bad idea . 
  the difference is that the president of the weimar republic was much more powerful . 
  the federal president of germany of today has little power . 
  another hindenburg could not happen . 
  switzerland also has a completely different federal system , where the local cantons have much more power then the states in germany have . 
  direct democracy is a good thing , but it also can be dangerous , if used by demagogues . 
  best example is provided by our own history : in the weimar republic , direct democracy was mis-used by the far right as means to destabilize the political system and propagate their opinions . 
  don \u00b4 t get me wrong : i am in favor of more direct democracy . 
  for example , why not elect the president directly ? 
  but direct democracy needs clear rules and also borders . 
  that depends if they can transcend past the one topic `` refugees '' . 
  if they can \u00b4 t , they won \u00b4 t have a long-term future . 
  also , if the party slides anymore into the extreme-right territory , this might be a problem for them . 
  if merkel would loose her office , he would as well in time . 
  excuse me , that i dared to use the todays name for the territory , to make it clearer for people who don \u00b4 t know much about antique history . 
  now , onto the argument itself : maybe it is you who doesn \u00b4 t know basic history . 
  yes , the `` romans '' left britannia ( to use the correct , antique name , right ? ) . 
  but `` romans '' just means `` army of the western roman empire '' . 
  the romanized , latin-speaking people living there did not leave . 
  they stayed , and later slowly mixed with angles and the saxons to form the new population of the island . 
  however , since it were much less people then say in gaul/france , the germanic influence is stronger there . 
  so saying that the romans had no influence is just wrong . 
  they had build cities ( uhm , like , london , i man londinium , for example ) and influenced the population . 
  just read on it , if you don \u00b4 t believe me : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romano-british_culture and thanks for insulting me - how old are you , 12 ? 
   but saying : `` racism of poles back then towards jews is also undeniable '' is generalisation . 
  there was racism everywhere . 
  you say no jew died in romania for example ? 
  never denied that racism was present everywhere . 
  however , you don \u00b4 t want to see that these hooligans in the stadium are antisemitic racists . 
  why deny it ? 
  what you just wrote is a contradiction . 
  why would the romans leave , if they never occupied it ? 
  of course they controlled england and wales , though they never controlled all of britain . 
  scotland and ireland were never occupied . 
  well , not everyone can be a pro in arguing , like you are ... 
  but sure . 
  continue to deny the history . 
  yes , they mostly came from scandinavia , but also the most northern part of germany . 
  however , by the time the romans had conquered gaul , the germanic tribes had seized the rest of germany as well and conquered the territories that before belonged to celtic tribes , where they stayed till round about 400 ad . 
  then the great migration started , and they conquered most of europe . 
  however , in france , spain and italy , the latin influence was so strong after hundreds of roman control that the german tribes that moved there just adopted the latin language variants . 
  not the poles , no . 
  however , racism of poles back then towards jews is also undeniable : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kielce_pogrom seems some people in poland still haven \u00b4 t learned their lesson . 
  though these people also exist in germany for sure , you normally won \u00b4 t find a huge stadium full of people chanting `` jude , jude '' . 
  well ... yelling `` borussia , jude , jude '' ... in the land where millions of jews were killed once ... not right wing/racist by any means of course ... 
  thats what happens if you send one absolut imbecile to serve as the commissioner for digital/internet policies . 
  thanks oettinger/merkel . 
  all his actions are against consumers and the peoples interests , always for some lobby . 
  [ and he also is a public embarrassment for us beyond that . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-rreq8ovw-q ), 
  in the northern low-german , there still is the word `` wunsdag '' .
