  and if you think its `` terrible '' because of germany is `` too powerful economically '' - well , i hope you enjoy your roads build with eu money , which mostly comes from germany . 
  in 2014 , germany paid around 15 billion euro - poland received around 13 billion . 
  terribly pointless comment . 
   the nordic countries have fully embraced a free market economy there are different forms of market economy , and i don \u00b4 t think there is a country in the world where the idealistic form of the `` free market economy '' is practiced . 
  because that would mean the state would almost completely stay out of the economy , which is unrealistic and not possible in the real world . 
  the nordic countries in particular have a regulated form of market economy with heavy emphasis on social security and the welfare state . 
  its more like a mixture of socialism and capitalism . 
  not every capitalist economy is equal . 
   enjoy the day and let it be filled with day drinking and illegal fireworks !, 
  best way to celebrate a national holiday imo . 
  hey !, 
  you stole that from the simpsons !, 
  isn \u00b4 t boris johnson kind of a policy though ? 
  the policy of meme ? 
  that escalated quickly . 
  but we had the same thing , two weeks ago , it was around 30 \u00b0 c. now , its like 14 \u00b0 ... 
  i have heard that they might want to count invalid votes too for the turnout . 
  a great opportunity for orb\u00e1n and fidesz to divert attention away from their own corruption . 
  it also helps that opposition is weak in hungary . 
  this reminds me of the [ 1929 referendum against the young-plan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_referendum,_1929 ) . 
  at least that one failed , but it provides a nice example of the extreme right misusing direct democracy . 
  just like this hungarian referendum . 
  why shouldn \u00b4 t they tolerate them ? 
  is this a democracy or not ? 
  here in germany , only parties which try to do away with the constitution can be banned ( like the nazi party npd , which might be banned too ) . 
  the socialist-democratic party `` die linke '' however does not , so they are not banned . 
  its not always the best product that wins . 
  the reason why google is punished is anti-competitive behavior . 
  having a big market share is fine , but its not ok to use that market share to keep out competitors . 
  this has nothing to do with `` free market '' . 
  anti trust and monopoly laws were created for a reason , and they are very , very important . 
  unregulated capitalism doesn \u00b4 t work , a free market can \u00b4 t exist if companies form monopolies . 
  they harm the consumers and the economy . 
  ah , * they * ... i understand ... well , maybe its germany . 
  i am german , and i am blond - what a coincidence . 
  this is the bane of all non-bavarian germans . 
  i hate this picture of germany to the outside world . 
  there are so many beautiful parts of germany with great people , food and sights that are not bavaria . 
  not necessarily . 
  even if you don \u00b4 t count the parts of germany that were occupied by prussia 1866 - 1947 as `` prussia '' , someone from brandenburg or berlin could still be counted as `` prussian '' , as this was one of the core regions of prussia . 
  of course the old regions of west-prussia ( poland ) and east prussia ( poland / russia ) are not german anymore . 
  now they have stolen all the cars they need from us . 
  if i remember correctly finland is one of the countries if not the country with most blond people per capita . 
  that map is really badly inaccurate . 
  it does not show the kingdom of prussia , it just shows all of nothern germany . 
  but there were parts of nothern germany that were not prussia . 
  this is accurate : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/70/map-dr-prussia.svg/566px-map-dr-prussia.svg.png, 
  seems like its the same conflict as in many other european countries . 
  the fight for the course of the social-democracy/socialist movements . 
  we have the same conflict here in germany ( where the spd is controlled by centrist seeheimer kreis ) . 
  its also going on in the uk , where the blairites lost the fight in the labour party apparently . 
  deutsche bank should be saved by the state , and then immediately broken into pieces . 
  enough is enough , having big banks that are too `` relevant for the system '' to fail should be prohibited in the future . 
  more , smaller banks please . 
  else , this will happen again , and again , and again ... somebody in frankfurt clearly hasn \u00b4 t learned the lesson . 
  neither did anyone else , sch\u00e4uble included . 
  the crisis just was postponed , not solved . 
  at least he had some ideas . 
  not all necessary good , but better then nothing . 
  boris , go home , your drunk . 
  bad title by op . 
  my tribe is now at war with yours by the way . 
  but its not as good ... 
  they are `` nazis light '' , with 20 % less fascism and 20 % more neo-liberalism . 
  compared with full-fat nazis ( npd ) . 
  i love hungary . 
  its such a beautiful country , with one of the best cuisines as well . 
  imho of course , its also might help that i am 1/4 hungarian . 
  but my god ... the government they have elected ( including my relatives there ! ) . 
  i mean , our government is useless , but at least they are quiet and know when to shut up . 
  i agree . 
  however , our government are too spineless to change something , and erdogan has a might weapon especially against the europeans ( refugees ) . 
  european governments probably don \u00b4 t want to piss off turkey too much , who is an important nato member after all . 
  also , kosovo is most likely considered to be more of an `` inner-european '' problem , while karabakh is not . 
  so what if they have ? 
  their neighbors are turkey and azerbaijan , who are both allied against armenia , and armenia is in conflict with azerbaijan because of nagoro-karabakh . 
  alone , they wouldn \u00b4 t have much to defend themselfs against that threat . 
  baden-w\u00fcrttemberg is a more conservative state overall . 
  what works there doesn \u00b4 t necessarily work on the federal level . 
  we have cdu-green coalition here in hessen as well . 
  and well , `` it works '' . 
  the government is quiet and doesn \u00b4 t fight internally , but they also aren \u00b4 t doing much . 
  its really just a continuation of the policies the cdu-fdp coalition had . 
  it would be the same on the federal level - nothing changes . 
  which means all the problems we have in germany will be continued to overlooked . 
  we don \u00b4 t need a continuation of the grand coalition with a green paint-job and an even stronger cdu . 
  people are unhappy with the current government . 
  also , the greens would continue to loose itself . 
  whats left of them really ? 
  no more progressive ideas . 
  they could also merge with the cdu then and form a nature wing there . 
  and even the nature isn \u00b4 t that important to the greens anymore . 
  all they want is power , which is sad . 
  greens once were a social movement , not anymore . 
   cdu-greens is more likly to happen than red-red-green right now , neither of them have enough voters on their side according to polls ( 32 + 11 % = 43 - not enough ) . 
  if the decline of the cdu continues like that , cdu-green coalition won \u00b4 t be possible ( and thats a good thing ) . 
  they might however form a coalition with the fdp . 
  don \u00b4 t know if the greens want that though . 
  the afd isn \u00b4 t really anti-austerity . 
  if anything , its for a far more extreme austerity .
