  however , they do not spread the believe that the west has to be destroyed , which saudi arabia does . 
  they only real reason why iran is made out to be the bad guy and saudia arabia isn \u00b4 t is because iran refused to work with the us and they dared to remove the us-puppet from power ( also something about kidnapping us citizens ) . 
  meanwhile the saudi government is an ally , but their saudi arabian religious branch is far more dangerous . 
  germany is a parliamentary system too . 
  its just that its a different parliamentary system than italy . 
  technically , prussia was an east-german state . 
  so we also lost 13 % of european german territory & our few colonies under east german leadership . 
  still salty because of 1866 ? 
  prussia won , get over it :-p, 
  get out of here with that mumbo-jumbo !, 
  i think they are referring to the `` cradle of civilization '' , but its not asia minor , its mesopotamia . 
  mesopotamia , india , egypt and china are the four first civilizations that emerged , in the neolithic era ( so around 10.000 to 7.000 bce ) . 
  greek civilization was really more a bronze age thing . 
  psst . 
  don \u00b4 t disturb the circlejerk !, 
  also , you forgot `` people kill other people with trucks , so that makes gun-controls totally unnecessary and useless ! '', 
  funny , you can see the death of the old italian party system right there , with dc ( as well as psi ) vanishing in the 90s . 
  i assume he meant improved ? 
  mcdonalds is garbage food in general for the most part , but if i look at the pictures of american mcdonalds food , it looks way more disgusting than what we get here in germany . 
  its called hamburger royal ts to be exact . 
  because this was so successful to prevent the attacks so far ? 
  its like the tories spit in the faces of their voters and say `` you are stupid and we know it '' . 
  but that would harm big businesses !, 
  how terrible would that be , not selling more weapons / s, 
  i think you missed the obvious sarcasm . 
  you should watch the movie nightcrawler ( 2014 ) . 
  great , disturbing movie on that topic . 
  their police state with extreme mass-surveillance does great to prevent such attacks , right ? 
  yay . 
  because that will surely get us anywhere . 
  there are estimates that pkk has 30k fighters , as well as support from a part of the kurdish population in this area . 
  the turkish army fighting an armed group that has the support from part of the population , cities under curfew , civilians die in the crossfire , it seems pretty civil war like to me . 
  but whatever . 
  believe what you want to . 
  what happens in the southwest can definitely considered a civil war like situation in my opinion . 
  feel free to disagree . 
  never said it would have been better if the treaty was enforced . 
  i was talking about the consequences for the allies . 
  this is just your interpretation of my post . 
  if you want to talk about oppression , fine : the consequences of the turkish winning the war was that greeks and other minorities were removed from their ancient homelands . 
  in the long term , it meant that the modern state of turkey was founded on a very nationalistic tune . 
  i would argue that this leads to other things . 
  such as the ongoing civil war against the kurds in south-east turkey . 
  the turks were allowed to oppress and eventually remove the other minorities , so they also do it to the kurds . 
  both turkey winning and loosing the war would have had grave consequences . 
  at this point , turkey has turned into a dictatorship and aggressive state that threatens the stability in the region . 
  the key consideration should be if it is the best thing to do . 
  not forcing countries to adhere to it just because . 
  thats pure ideology and not how the economy can work . 
  like germany was in the past ? 
  we also broke the maastricht rules when it was necessary to do so . 
  the problems of the euro-zone won \u00b4 t be solved by playing the teacher who educates the other members how to do things . 
  this makes visible that the entente really `` won '' the war in the sense that it was a pyrrhic victory . 
  france and the british empire were so weakened and worn down that they were not willing and could not enforce the treaty . 
  seeing turkey revise the treaty damaged the allied reputation in the world and created more revisionist ambitions in the other loosing nations of world war 1 . 
  the people who backed schr\u00f6der are still in power . 
  as long as it is that way , nothing will change . 
  spd is just cdu light with red paint . 
  ordoliberalism was created before todays neoliberalism . 
  neoliberalism as we see it today was really created in the 80s and heavily influenced by the chicago school . 
  from english wikipedia :  ordoliberal ideals ( with modifications ) drove the creation of the post-world war ii german social market economy and its attendant wirtschaftswunder . 
  however , ordoliberals promoted the concept of the social market economy , and this concept promotes a strong role for the state with respect to the market , which is in many ways different from the ideas that are nowadays connected with the term neoliberalism  notably walter eucken , with franz b\u00f6hm , founder of ordoliberalism and the freiburg school , rejected neoliberalism, 
  freiburg school is ordoliberalism , not neoliberalism . 
  very different . 
  chicago school is exactly what people mean when they describe neoliberalism . 
  20s were the time of classical liberalism , which was thrown in the garbage-bin after the great depression hit . 
   it entails working for actual progress . 
  however all wagenknecht says is `` jobs , jobs , jobs jobs '' . 
  it 's not just economic policies , it 's her worldview . 
  what is progress ? 
  progress can be many things for different people . 
  both liberalism and socialism are progressive ideologies in general . 
  investing money means risking it . 
  so they either invest it in extremely save things that do little for the economy or they just keep it . 
  this can be solved if you look at the german voting system , where you have proportional voting as well as directly elected candidates . 
  it doesn \u00b4 t have to be the complete replacement of a party , parties can also change so that they are completely different . 
  i think both the us parties have made some very big changes in the past . 
  not a good argument . 
  he left hollande \u00b4 s government so he could concentrate on his own ambitions for the presidency , not because of actual disagreement with hollande . 
  if you argue like this you can also say fdp and cdu want the 20s back , when business in general was much less regulated . 
  the difference between the afd and wagenknecht is that the afd wants to turn societal progress back ( like womens or gay rights ) , while wagenknecht advocates for some economic policies that may be similar to the ones of the past . 
  its just a bullshit argument . 
  * `` you are against neo-liberalism ? 
  sorry pal , neoliberalism was created in the 80s , so its much more progressive than keynesianistic policies used in the 60s and 70s . 
  they actually have returned to some of the positions that social democratic parties had in the past . 
  and thats by no means socialism . 
  nothing happened . 
  strong words do not equal strong action . 
  as long as we don \u00b4 t leave nato , we are still allies with the us . 
   and no i do n't consider someone poor because he can not have holidays on the french mediteranean every year ( and you could do that if you made it a priority at 1200 $ / month ) or because they ca n't go to the cinema every other week . 
  how about people who have to collect bottles and cans to survive , is that poverty ? 
  can \u00b4 t talk problems out of existence , because it affects a minority . 
  those people still exist . 
  you live in bavaria , according to prior posts . 
  coincidentally one of the wealthiest german states where poverty indeed is rare . 
  in other states , the situation is different . 
  even with the gap closing , none of the polls claims a labour majority . 
  getting some extra seats and maybe threaten the tory majority is the best thing labour can hope for . 
  as you said , the tories should suffer for brexit . 
  if labour would take the government now , they would get the blame for the inevitable slowdown of the british economy .
