  however , in this case , the government can go to the constitutional court to pass the law this way or do an impeachment . 
  for that however , the government needs 3/4 majority in bundestag or bundesrat . 
  so if this position would be assumed by a extremist , he could try to fuck-up the lawmaking process if he wanted to . 
  at least he could postpone laws for some time . 
  but this is extremely unlikely of course , due to the way the president is elected . 
  maybe . 
  but considering trump was her adversary , in a `` normal '' election , she should have won easily , even with the fbi doing what it did . 
  she lost 5 million voters , compared with obama 4 years ago . 
  that is the real reason she lost , and for that the fbi is not responsible . 
  clinton didn \u00b4 t offer anything , besides a continuation of obamas policies . 
  apparently , people wanted change - unhappy people struggling to sustain them self economically tend to do that . 
  what he says isn \u00b4 t wrong . 
  we should stop with the excuses . 
  problem is that parties on the left are still sort of infiltrated by neoliberals . 
  hillary trying to blame the loss on the fbi was a fine example for such a delusional excuse . 
  it is still an important position . 
  technically , president is the highest position in the state . 
  president needs to sign all laws , so its not completely devoid of power . 
  why does the czech republic count into that category ? 
  blue = good red = bad darker red = evil, 
  relevant headline from a few months ago : [ russian mp candidate : we will buy the entire bulgaria ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/53j68s/russian_mp_candidate_we_will_buy_the_entire/ ), 
   2 ) government should n't subsidise parties . 
  that 's not what government is for . 
  yes , it should . 
  maybe not the government directly , but party financing should definitely done via the state , just like here in germany . 
  otherwise , you can end up like the us , where all the candidates have to get money somewhere for their campaign . 
  this means that candidates practically have to beg for money and thus , opens the door wide for corruption . 
  or only wealthy can run for an office . 
  while the other system does not prevent corruption completely of course , it is at least much more transparent , and the state has to treat every party fairly . 
  even the npd gets money from the state , despite this party being hostile towards the state . 
   why so salty ? 
  because muh alt right and muh nationalism . 
  do you mean future soviet republics of bulgaria and bessarabia ? 
  liberalism is the ideology of freedom ( which is in the name of course ) . 
  this is the best definition you can honestly get , because there are so many different kinds of liberalisms . 
  and the word has different meanings depending where you are . 
  merkel is barely a good enough chancellor to lead this country . 
  now she is supposed to be the `` liberal wests last defender '' ? 
  oh boy , this ain \u00b4 t gon na be good ... 
  quiet , you !, 
  people these days don \u00b4 t want to hear that . 
  they want to repeat all the same mistakes once again , so let them !, 
  can \u00b4 t be pork , look at denmark !, 
  checkmate . 
  f ** k , the only weakness !, 
  what to do know ... ... ah , i know : * invites hundreds of muslims to come to the pool , that is declared multicultural sanctuary . 
  * imports german officials who don \u00b4 t accept bribes . 
  * jokes on you !, 
  * seizes the pool by force to bring it under state control again . 
  control over the pool must be seized by the workers . 
  nationalism is problematic , because it clouds the view for reality . 
  central europe is most commonly defined to end at slovenia . 
   what does it make croatia part of the balkan in your eyes ? 
  geography and culture . 
  while slovenia is often described to be close to austria in many aspects , croatia isn \u00b4 t. 
  croatia shares more with the other balkan nations . 
  of course , it is the border of the balkan region , so there are many different influences . 
  https://www.britannica.com/place/croatia * ` croatia , country located in the northwestern part of the balkan peninsula ' * while there is no universal agreement , the most common is this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/balkans croatia is always balkan is not a negative term per se . 
  its just the name of this region . 
  croatia being part of central europe , as in the map of this thread , is bullshit . 
  you can \u00b4 t deny that croatia is part of this region . 
  you can \u00b4 t wish yourself away , just as much as ukraine can \u00b4 t deny its deep historical connection with russia . 
  the name balkan comes from the balkan mountains and the area is called the balkan peninsula . 
  its a historical and cultural region that includes every county south of austria/hungary/romania , which absolutely also includes croatia . 
  croatia has always been part of the balkan and it always will be . 
  and i think most croatians know that their country is as much part of the balkan as serbia is . 
  sorry , this is not a `` i get to pick '' thing . 
  its a geographical and cultural term . 
  croatia is part of the balkan with no doubt . 
  slovenia is the southernmost country that can be considered central european geographically . 
  it also applies to the greens . 
  not a big surprise , considering we learned it from the italian masters of gelato . 
  i don \u00b4 t see any issue here . 
  just by solo-garlic : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/solo_garlic also from china . 
  the country is ruled by doctor doom . 
  yes , its weird . 
  or maybe they decided that austrians and swiss speak so strangely that it ca n't be considered german . 
   you stated that `` nationalism led to the downfall of europe '' , replying to a user expressing the opinion that africa and the middle east would be less of a mess if the borders were drawn along ethnic and / or cultural lines that line was a direct reply to that users line about `` misguided fools of europe '' , which was an attack on the idea of the eu . 
  nationalism has led to the downfall of europe . 
  wwi would be impossible without extreme nationalism and imperialism . 
  and wwi was what destroyed the european domination in the world . 
  it destroyed empires like the ottoman empire and austria-hungary , it severely weakened and shamed germany and it drained the power of france and the british empire . 
  this started the process of decolonization and set up the us and the newly founded ussr as the new leading power . 
  wwii , a direct result of wwi , then ended the age of european domination for good . 
  in this new age , especially after the cold war is over , europe has a choice : become almost completely irrelevant , or work together . 
   cooperation is good , but coercing others into it is n't , even if for a noble goal . 
  no one was forced to join the eu . 
  no one is forced to stay . 
  so , you speak brazilian or what ? 
  better than looking like a mid-30s german flag . 
  okay , what i learned from this is danes = nazis , romanians = communists . 
  and french = baguettes confirmed . 
  there are some nice designs in there , although the german one is ugly ( and the italian flag too ) . 
  i like slovenia , portugal , ireland , estonia and ukraine . 
   also , please tell me , if the desire for self-determination of a nation is bad , how come that you believe that the current mess in africa and the middle east is a result of the `` arbitrary '' borders drawn by the colonial powers ? 
  i never said it was bad . 
  so you tell me please . 
   you 're contradicting yourself . 
  because you put words in my mouth ? 
  thats not how it works .
