  that is simply wrong . 
  again : in a popular , direct vote every vote counts the same . 
  this is the fairest because it completely fair to everyone . 
  in the current electoral college , votes from california count less then votes from other states , again , it is a completely undemocratic system . 
  indirect voting systems are not up to the democratic standards . 
  that 's not true . 
  their vote would count just as much as anyone else 's . 
  now if you want to argue `` their interests would be ignored '' - not anymore than now , because the `` really '' important states for the elections are a few swing states , the overwhelming majority of states is not really important for the election . 
  there is no logical argument for the electoral college . 
  it is undemocratic . 
  even more so as the elected delegates can vote for whoever they want , many of them are not even bound by the state vote !, 
  that is going to depend on the election result , i think . 
  do n't confuse the polls for that . 
  one year ( almost ) is along time , lot of things can happen . 
  plus , this is going to be a much more heated election fight then 2013 or 2009 . 
  this is not gon na be an easy election , for no one , except the afd maybe ( because they can only win ) . 
  also , lets not overestimate polls . 
  they are not always right . 
  democracy is about people votes , not states . 
  there is no reason any vote should count more then another . 
  so stop defending this ancient , undemocratic crap system . 
  maybe a cdu + spd + green + fdp coalition ? 
  now that would be something ... only question would be how to call it . 
  that depends how weak spd and cdu will be in this election . 
  afd + die linke form a `` negative minority '' . 
  if it gets bigger , forming a government becomes increasingly harder . 
  a renewed refugee crisis could knock the cdu beneath 30 % and the spd beneath 20 % , not likely but also not impossible . 
  `` some men just want to watch the world burn . '', 
  - the dark night, 
   excuse me but what do you have against the chinese ? 
  they challenge western hegemony and the democratic system . 
  if you like a totalitarian state , sure there are many reasons to like them . 
  china also sees the west and the us especially as enemy/rivals . 
  so there is a sort of cold war going on , mostly via economics , with china trying to get the hegemonial status and the us trying to retain its hegemony ( and in turn containing china ) . 
  the demise of tpp is interesting if you are interested in foreign policies . 
  from a neutral standpoint , this is extremely foolish of the usa . 
  the tpp treaty was meant as a counter-balance to china . 
  trumps decision now opens the door for the chinese free trade treaty rcep and chinese hegemony in ap . 
  of course , from a personal standpoint , i am happy that this fails , even more so when it comes to ttip . 
  however , i have doubts that much of the negative deregulations in the treaty wo n't come back at some point , trump already said he wants to massively deregulate in the us . 
  i think this is more about chauvinism . 
  gib refugees !, 
  ** tl ; dr & translation : ** italy may prove to be a major factor of risk for merkels planned reelection next year - not only could the country fall into the hands of anti-eu populists who might want to leave the euro/eu , this also might bring back the refugee crisis in full strength , as italy can \u00b4 t handle the huge influx of refugees from north africa - a new populist government could simply send them northward . 
  if more refugees come to germany again , merkels reelection could be at serious risk . 
  then why did erdogan want reconciliation with putin after he sanctioned turkey ( after the jet-incident ) ? 
  of course their are not dependent on the direct money from eu , but their economy is for export/import . 
  sanction them economically , and dry up the stream of tourists completely , they will come back , begging for our money . 
  turkey is really dependent on eu money , not the other way around . 
  he also is the one who kills the european idea . 
  and was n't he the one who said `` elections do n't matter '' ? 
  great guy , our minister of finance ... 
  imf said since long that the debt is not sustainable . 
  the debt relief will happen sooner or later ( i guess not before the german elections ) . 
  you lost the war too , so too bad !, 
  accept that these lands are gone or you will suffer the consequences . 
  should pick juppe instead . 
  his reforms might fuck up france even more . 
  then le pen just has to wait 5 years and win the next election . 
  neoliberal shock-therapy might be too much for france to handle right now . 
   the solution is also clear because schr\u00f6der solved that exact problem in germany thats way oversimplified . 
  also , france isn \u00b4 t germany . 
  how about canada ? 
  after all , they will be part of ceta, 
  accurate description of ~ ~ ireland ~ ~ little britain , 10/10, 
  i hope this law does some serious damage to akp . 
  merkel is far to demonized on the right for that to work . 
  and merkel would never touch them , either , even if there would be no other choice . 
  do you want privatized autobahns ? 
  if no , maybe you should consider voting for someone else . 
  i would not say that this is the big factor . 
  the ddr is dead now for two and a half decade , a quarter century . 
  this might be a minor factor for some old people in the east of germany maybe . 
  the bigger factor is the anti-us and anti-western mindset that sees the us as an interventionist warmonger ( which kind of it the fault of the us , if you think about iraq ) . 
  the us of course also stands for liberal capitalism , which is something many people on the left don \u00b4 t really like . 
  so russia is seen as `` good '' in the sense that they oppose the us dominance . 
  many ? 
  some , maybe . 
  i wouldn \u00b4 t say many . 
  the party that lost the most vs. last election in the polls is currently the cdu , and thats where the bulk of afd votes would come from . 
  on second thought , if fillion wins this that could be bad news . 
  he has a clear neoliberal program . 
  so if it is fillion vs. 
  le pen in the second round , this could bring le pen an advantage , as voters on the left might prefer to stay at home then to vote for fillion . 
  to beat le pen , a more moderate candidate like juppe could be a better fit to get some of the votes from the left as well ... 
  nice , very nice . 
  goodbye , nicolas !, 
  we won \u00b4 t miss you . 
  merkel would like that for sure . 
  an even weaker partner that is easier to control . 
  would be much like the cdu-fdp coalition we had 2009-2013 ... great / s, 
  i never argued for the us system , which is worse then ours . 
  doesn \u00b4 t mean our system has no problems . 
  in contrast , i think the private health insurance should be abolished to get rid of the two class system . 
   then find yourself a new doctor . 
  you have the choice , no one forces you to stay with a doctor that does n't take his time with you , you 're not shackled to him ffs . 
  try telling that to people living in rural areas , who don \u00b4 t have much of a choice , if there even is a doctor in their neighborhood . 
  not everyone lives in a city or town . 
  your line of thought will only worsen the split between rural areas and cities/towns . 
   i 've got some very strong doubts that this will ever happen , but sure , it is a time of change . 
  but most certainly not the end of the eu .
