  its just the ps thats dying and being split in two , the more radical lfi and macrons party for the more moderate voters . 
  the party system is changing , but france still has a relatively strong left compared with other countries . 
  also , the turnout is really low , so its not hard to imagine that many voters on the left also stayed at home . 
  front national is also weak , so the same might be true for extreme right voters . 
  sour cream wouldn \u00b4 t fit here . 
  i asked my hungarian grandpa , its not cottage cheese . 
  he said its more like curdled milk or something like that . 
  there is no equivalent to it outside of hungary . 
  cottage cheese or quark are similar , but not the same . 
  you can read more here : http://zsuzsaisinthekitchen.blogspot.de/2009/01/hungarian-curd-cheese-tur.html, 
   help them to return to their old culture before the revolution . 
  you mean being slaves to the usa ? 
  read up on some history . 
  the iranians elected mossadegh , he was thrown out of office by the us and uk through a coup ( because he nationalized oil ) and replaced with the dictatorship of the shah . 
  this is the problem , you can \u00b4 t treat people like slaves and then expect that they are friendly towards you or your ideas about society . 
  i guess some people would want to see the uk falling apart . 
  that was just a single seat that switched to ukip after the last elections . 
  and they already lost it before this election happened . 
  they didn \u00b4 t have any before this election . 
  they did loose a lot of votes . 
  no , this is great , the tories working with them might discredit the tories even more for moderate voters . 
  a nice thought , but you ca n't simply translate it like that , because the voting system influences the voting decision . 
  coalition governments are extremely unusual in great britain . 
  fptp voting system favors one party governments with an absolute majority . 
  yes , sure . 
  gaining like 20 % in the polls , thats surely not labours success . 
  and who else can claim the tories failing as their success ? 
  labour is the party who won the most seats and they also came really close to the tories in the proportional vote . 
  mays loss is labours success , there is no way around it . 
  corbyn led a good campaign . 
  it wasn \u00b4 t nonsense , corbyn would have taken over government if he had a majority . 
   and is n't it gon na be worse when he has to deal with the brexit aftermath ? 
  the tories will deal with that until the next elections in their tolerated government with the dup . 
  so corbyn can proclaim a fresh start to make things better again for britain when he takes over . 
  this is the best outcome labour could hope for . 
  corbyn solidified his position and he dealt a serious blow to the tories . 
  at the same time , taking over government at the times of brexit would be a suicide mission . 
  its still up to the tories to rule and manage brexit . 
  corbyn simply can wait for the next election , which almost certainly will be after brexit is finished and then take over after brexit has plummeted the british economy . 
  considering that labour was polling in the 20 percent area when the snap-elections were announced , this is a pretty big victory for labour . 
  the tories are now dependent on dups will . 
  weak and wobbly indeed . 
  yep , thats it . 
  not italy ? 
  at least italy could mean better weather :-), 
  i think thats to be considered highly unlikely , even with the snp and the liberal democrats they would be short of a majority . 
  taking in smaller parties would make things even more complicated . 
  no , i think corbyn can be happy with this result . 
  he strengthened his position and he won \u00b4 t have to manage brexit . 
  there are those who lie and those who lie blatantly . 
  may is part of the later group . 
   uhm she 's the leader of the largest party ? 
  why would she resign just because she lost seats ? 
  because she lost the majority with her disastrous campaign ? 
  the tories were set to win seats a few weeks ago , not loose . 
  her responsibility !, 
  maybe because she is a lying cunt ? 
  nice one , the tories deserve it !, 
  may should resign , if she has even an ounce of honor . 
  she took a gamble , like cameron before her , and she lost . 
  democracy is getting weaker in countries like germany as well , but its subversion here is different than say in hungary . 
  its happening by transforming the country into a `` market-conform democracy '' , a democracy where markets really rule . 
  the democratic government and parliament remains , but in the end it will be a powerless kabuki theater . 
  yes , please import our machines and other industrial goods , africa . 
  it would be highly appreciated . 
  africas `` enormous economic potential '' is somewhat restricted because the continent is a mess politically and i don \u00b4 t see that changing anytime soon . 
  also , africa will be one of the continents thats gon na suffer most from climate change . 
  yes sure . 
  lets play dumb and pretend that turkeys main interest isn \u00b4 t fighting the kurds . 
  thats why they decided to attack just when a kurdish corridor seemed possible and thats why the intervention is named `` operation euphrates shield '' . 
  its also why turkish defense minister fikri i\u015f\u0131k said that `` preventing the kurdish pyd party from uniting kurdish cantons '' east of jarabulus with those further west was a priority . 
  but no , thats just speculation . 
  turkish propaganda , immune to facts !, 
   nobody is asking you to bomb kurds all turkey wants is you to not actively sabotage the fight against pkk by hiding intel or by other means . 
  if this is a mission to destroy is then just do that and let us fight our war that does n't concern you . 
  thats just backwards . 
  giving turkey that intel would be actively supporting this war against an important ally in the fight against is . 
  so a direct contradiction with the goal to defeat the is . 
  turkey has tolerated is for a long time on their border . 
  so you can also spare me that bs too , because everyone knows the intervention in syria was only meant to stop kurdish expansion and the connection of their cantons . 
  turkey is a member of nato and nato is a part of the operation against the is . 
  again , the goal of that mission is to beat the is . 
  that is incompatible with destroying ypg at the same time , because ypg and sdf are the most important forces on the ground fighting the is . 
  i think turkey is free to leave nato if they are not committed to fight the is and just fight ypg on their own . 
  but fighting the ypg is not part of the nato operation . 
  there is no reason why your forces should get any intel from german operations , except when its about the is . 
   there 's no risk of overheating other people have a different opinion : http://www.spiegel.de/wirtschaft/soziales/konjunkturboom-wahlkampf-gefahr-a-1150606.html  in the context of the eu anti-cyclical policies would be a disaster for the recovery of the region a bigger disaster would be a crash of the german economy . 
  this is a mission to destroy the is . 
  that doesn \u00b4 t include bombing kurdish forces fighting against the is in my book ... 
  the german economy working on 110 % capacity . 
  the government isn \u00b4 t using anti-cyclical policies to cool it down to a sustainable level . 
  which can be a prelude to another big crash , because at one point the economy will run out of steam . 
  the crash will be harder the more the economy pushes forward now . 
  germanys economy is now at serious risk of overheating and creating a new bubble . 
  you are germany ? 
  did a surprise anschluss happen that even we germans didn \u00b4 t notice ? 
  bulgaria borders syria ? 
  didn \u00b4 t know that . 
  the difference is that this is a bombing against a very specific target ( israeli people ) vs. just randomly killing people in western europe . 
  yes , iran is ruled by fanatics , its stance towards israel is bad and it finances things like hizbolla in the proxy war against saudi arabia .
