  in switzerland most people are rich because its the treasury of the world . 
  that kinda helps with being rich . 
   how do you distribute wealth equally if the rich do n't want to what do you do with them ? 
  well , its a democracy . 
  people decide . 
  you can tax richer people appropriately to achieve a more equal distribution of wealth . 
  in a society , people have to abide to a set of rules that the people decide on . 
   marxism is diving people by their class no , thats what capitalism is doing . 
   of course i have marxism it 's the left wing equivalent of nazism look , you have demonstrated you know little to nothing about marxism . 
  marxism is a broad theory from the 19th century that has spawned many other ideologies . 
  anarchism and stalinism are both based on it and they are very different . 
  so i would suggest you would stop to write about things you know nothing about . 
  marxism says that capitalism will turn everyone into poor people except the very richest part of society . 
  because that is what happens when capitalism runs free . 
  this is a problem , because such a society can \u00b4 t work . 
  marxism proposes an answer . 
  and thats not necessarily killing the rich , but to distribute wealth equally . 
  how that wealth distribution can be achieved is up to the people , but no one has to be killed in principle . 
  of course , you are far to blinded by your own hate , so telling you facts about marxism is a waste . 
  yes it does when you make a claim like that . 
  it appears you actually don \u00b4 t know much about marxism . 
  marx says there will be a revolution . 
  doesn \u00b4 t have to be a bloody one . 
  but what marx says about how the workers will take over is the outdated part of his work anyway , because history has proven that something different happened : social democracy and reformism developed from marxism , which engels himself admitted was something he and marx did not predict . 
  he could not predict everything . 
  the valuable , relevant part of his work is the analysis of the ways the capitalist society works , workers exploitation and how labor gets more abstract and distant from the worker , this is exactly what is happening with automation . 
  you know what marx and engels also said ? 
  to jump from capitalism to socialism , the country where it happens has to be a developed capitalist society . 
  russia wasn \u00b4 t a developed capitalist society when the revolution occurred . 
  great . 
  so , we can both agree that stalinism is bad . 
  still , can you point me to the part of marxes work where he says that you have to `` kill every intellectual and take the lands and good of everyone above you '' ? 
  thanks . 
  fine . 
  can you point me to the part of marxes work that say `` kill every intellectual and take the lands and good of everyone above you '' ? 
  thank you . 
  omg , the ignorance ... marx was an intellectual himself !, 
  no it isn \u00b4 t. 
  debt deal delayed to 2018 . 
  after german elections . 
  convenient . 
  itt : triggered eastern europeans for whom nordstream 2 is literally the new molotov -- ribbentrop pact . 
  i mean , i get it , not being able to collect transfer fees isn \u00b4 t nice . 
  but lets not act as if its only germany that is dependent on russian gas . 
  and no , constructing new nuclear power plants is no alternative . 
  too expensive and also politically completely unacceptable in germany . 
  currently in power is the dpp , which wants to see taiwan as an independent country . 
  the kmt ( kuomintang ) wants to keep the status quo intact , but they don \u00b4 t seriously try to compete with the claim of the prc to be the `` one china '' . 
  they gave up on it in the 90s , even if taiwan still is named republic of china . 
  they really don \u00b4 t do that anymore , but they can \u00b4 t declare independence because they fear that china will decide to take military action . 
  me too . 
  and i also hate ananas pizza . 
  oh , i thought germany is supposed to be the country with eternal guilt and we just can \u00b4 t `` let it go '' ? 
  germany is the country that takes the past as it is and acknowledges all the crimes . 
  meanwhile , in poland its sacrilege to say that some jews were also killed by polish people who also were anti-semitic back then . 
  you know what would help not getting downvoted ? 
  not being a pedantic prick . 
  i like how germany gets much more beach space here . 
  great for tourism !, 
  though of course being a fascist dictatorship is also bad for tourism ... 
  so , you guys speak the brazilian language ? 
  so , now suddenly thats the reason ? 
  i thought poland wanted that nordstream 2 would pass through polish territory so that poland can get more transit money . 
  guess now you don \u00b4 t want that and you don \u00b4 t want any russian gas ? 
  good luck staying alive this winter . 
  do you use peanut butter to fry/roast something ? 
  do you use it underneath cheese or a sausage on your bread ( okay , some people are crazy enough to do it ) ? 
  soy milk is a direct replacement for milk and it is marketed as one . 
  its meant to be used everywhere , where you would otherwise use milk . 
  thats not the case with peanut butter . 
  see here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6h7spr/why_soya_milk_could_be_no_longer_a_thing_eu_court/diwpa6w/ i think that coconut milk is pretty safe since its clearly not marketed as a milk replacement . 
  it isn \u00b4 t. 
  this product is different from coconut milk , which you will find in an asia store ( or the asia shelf of a supermarket ) mostly as a cooking ingredient this product tastes less like coconut and most importantly , its marketed as a milk replacement and its also placed near the milk in the supermarket . 
  unlike coconut milk . 
  as far as i can see , its branded `` mandel drink '' / `` almond drink '' here in germany . 
  its not marketed as a milk replacement in europe . 
  coconut milk has a very strong coconut taste , products like soy milk on the other hand are made to duplicate the taste of milk . 
  coconut milk does not replace normal milk , peanut butter does not replace real butter . 
  they are distinct products that exist for a long time . 
  i think the problem is that these products like soy milk etc. 
  are made to replace milk , butter , cheese etc. 
  every outcome of brexit is bad . 
  hard brexit means becoming a vassal state of the usa with no democratic accountability as well . 
  the united kingdom is too small to survive on its own . 
  it has to partner up with other states . 
  that is the point of the eu . 
  european states , be it germany , france or the uk , will be irrelevant in the future if they stand on their own . 
  through the eu , europe can retain some of its influence in the world . 
  vardar/vardaria maybe ? 
   do you see germans hating worker rights ? 
  i do n't . 
  kinda do in some cases . 
  if there is a strike , its often blamed on the `` greedy '' unions . 
  his ideas are miles away from the extreme libertarian economic ideas of someone like fillion . 
  is he a social democrat or socialist , no . 
  he is more similar to blair or schr\u00f6der , which is centrist or center-left . 
  his party has many more people on the list from the ps compared with lr . 
  without the votes of the center-left of france , macron wouldn \u00b4 t nearly be as strong . 
  if he destroys the welfare system completely ( like fillion wanted to do ) , then i am sure he will loose the support of these voters fast . 
  not really .
