  its wishful thinking . 
  csu won \u00b4 t separate anyways , they don \u00b4 t want to loose the power in bavaria . 
  so far , seehofer has only delivered empty words against merkels policies . 
  strong empty words , yes . 
  but empty nonetheless . 
  there is no one who could replace her though and win the elections next year , because she only puts her loyalists in higher up position . 
  so they will stick with her for next year , most likely . 
  uhm ... no . 
  csu is dead if they separate from cdu . 
   and now merkel got the payback for her disastrous `` willkommenskultur '' . 
  yeah ... thats why cdu can very likely stay in government , if the spd wants to continue with them . 
  thats really bad `` payback '' ... 
  maybe the allies even would have let them get away with taking parts of poland . 
  however , the nazis simply could n't stop . 
  they could only accept total victory or total defeat . 
  also : - the spanish and the french vichy-government didn \u00b4 t join the war like hitler wanted , which meant the axis-powers lost some potential aid there - the italians screwed up the war against greece , so germany had to step in there as well , wasting resources on it - africacorps couldn \u00b4 t annex egypt and later lost to the british , opening up the southern flank of europe , because of missing resources . 
  but you are right , the fact that they didn \u00b4 t manage to subdue britain is really one of the key reasons . 
  that and the fact that hitler was a madman who underestimated russia . 
  was still considered a major power back then . 
  and the worst part is , if hitler wouldn \u00b4 t have started that war against poland , germany would have been allowed to keep czechia . 
  its really shameful how you were thrown under the bus . 
  the biggest group of refugees in germany is from syria . 
  yep , giving the government to a band of dumb skinheads seems like such a great idea . 
  good luck with fascism france . 
  you gon na need it . 
  otherwise he would try to force his own agenda onto them . 
  this isn \u00b4 t any better then vdb , the only difference is that vdb of course knows that he would not be `` satisfied '' with the work of a fp\u00d6 chancellor and just openly says it , while hofer tries to stay more vague about it . 
  a victory of hofer would be the quick-route for strache into the chancellors office . 
  oopps ... aehm ... was confused by unter * franken * ... yes , i deserve to suffer for that . 
  take liechtenstein , but schwaben , no way :p, 
  take niederbayern and oberbayern , we keep franken , oberpfalz and schwaben . 
  deal ? 
   austrians dislike being run by germany , always did not really , after world war i there was a movement in austria to join germany , after austria lost its empire . 
  the union nearly was made , but the entente was against it , so austria stayed a separate state . 
  historically , in the middle ages ( holy roman empire ) , austria was considered part of `` germany '' ( though the german nation as today didn \u00b4 t exist back then of course ) . 
  austria also was the leading member of the german confederation , that was formed after napoleons defeat . 
  this only changed in 1866 in the german-war between austria and prussia , where prussia defeated austria . 
  austria essentially left germany back then and prussia founded the german empire as the hegemonial german power in 1871 , which is the olded predecessor state of the current federal republic of germany . 
  but you are right of course , after the forced * anschluss * and the new independent austrian state after the war , austrias independence is not in question anymore . 
  which is as it should be , austria is a wonderful country . 
  don \u00b4 t think anyone other then die-hard nazis would want austria to join germany again . 
   vdb even promised to use it to prevent a democratically elected cabinet from assuming power if the `` strache-fp\u00d6 '' would be part of it . 
  which is one of the main reasons why i support hofer . 
  okay , but hofer just kicking the democratically elected sp\u00d6-\u00d6vp government out of the office would be fine ? 
  sorry , but thats hypocritical . 
  can you tell me where she did an `` incredible job '' exactly ? 
  as far as i am concerned , she did a whole lot of nothing during all of her terms . 
   the welfare state should be disbanded and regulations loosened . 
  oh , that worked sooo well until 2008 . 
  to quote you : nice to hear this neo-liberal bullshit again . 
  the empire strikes back isn \u00b4 t to bad of a sequel either ... 
   germany 's cultural roots , whatever the fuck that may have been . 
  for the nazis , germanic barbarians , obviously . 
   this shows the best how big of an asshole you are . 
  and also how ignorant and funnily wrong you are in what you 're implying here . 
  i 'm actually an atheist . 
  and holy cross ( poland ) is a region where i live :  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%c5%9awi%c4%99tokrzyskie_voivodeship duh , i know . 
  i read on it before i made my ( sarcastic ) post . 
  i am not as stupid as you may think , and i am not the one who started calling names here ... 
  i am sure they helped him greatly by putting him on trial , banning his books , sentencing him to house arrest , because he stated that the earth rotates around the sun . 
  in the middle ages , science was controlled by the church , which means that it had to conform with the dogmas of the church . 
  which in turn means you couldn \u00b4 t say or think certain things that were against god or the `` holy bible '' . 
  lets also not forget the witch burnings , done by the inquisition , against people who used herbs as medicine . 
  very scientific . 
  and still waiting for the values ... 
  of course you know better , mr. holy cross . 
  sorry to have ever doubted the church and his holiness in any way ... and lets not forget how the church supported figures such as galileo galilei . 
  still waiting for the values of the middle ages that define european culture today ...  christianity and the church specifically is the single most important force behind the scientific achievements of europe . 
  the church was in power in the middle ages in terms of science , sure . 
  its responsible for preserving some knowledge , but it also is responsible for holding science back , in the name of god . 
  to say the church is responsible for the scientific achievements is just bogus . 
  if anything , the scientific achievements happened despite the church . 
  believe in god ( s ) / deity , sure . 
  believe in the god ( the christian one ) , no . 
  difference between christianity of the middle ages and former cults is that christianity demanded absolute power and obedience . 
  in the roman empire , before they converted to christianity , there were many cults allowed , the romans didn \u00b4 t force their gods on the people they defeated . 
  the ancient religion also didn \u00b4 t prohibit philosophy and science . 
  enlighten me what values you were talking about . 
  they are not in terms of values . 
  well , the values of western europe anyway . 
  ;-) in some countries the believe in god is still important after all ... 
  of course its simplified , but it is probably what most people think of when they say left - right . 
  you can go into much more detail if you want to . 
  we can only identify as european , because of our values ( geographically speaking , europe is just a part of asia ) . 
  this may sound extreme , but without any values , its just barbarism . 
  values evolve over time , but the foundation of these values is whats important . 
  captialism , the age of exploration , the evolving science and technology we have today , democracy , all would be impossible without the renaissance and enlightenment . 
  maybe you have that impression because italy in general is a bit more left-wing then countries like the us or uk , so liberal is already considered `` right wing '' . 
  nonetheless , compared to fascism and conservative values , liberalism is left-wing from a relative point of view . 
  the europe we have now , and the dominance of the european culture on the earth ( yes , thats where the american culture comes from ultimately ) is rooted in liberalism . 
  or do you seriously think the middle-ages are the foundation of todays europe , and our values ? 
  western society is deeply rooted in liberalism , and its foundations come from the antique , the roman empire and greek philosophers/athens democracy . 
  europe is the origin of these values . 
  i wouldn \u00b4 t say it means `` right wing '' anywhere really . 
  liberalism can be practized by both right and left wing groups . 
  a left - right scheme can look like this , and can be accurate for both the us and europe : ** socialist - social democrat - liberal - conservative - nationalist ** the key difference between the us and europe really is that `` socialist '' is a bad word in the us , so a lot of people that would be described as socialst/social democrat in europe are instead just called `` liberal '' . 
  liberalism is one of the key values of western society that has been carried over from the ages of renaissance and enlightenment . 
  its what sets apart the west from the rest of the world . 
  the best example of a completely anti-liberal society is the society of the middle ages . 
  orb\u00e1n is more in line with values of russia than the west .
