  that breaches the anti-trust laws . 
  google is the entry to the internet for many people . 
  they have to play fair , they can \u00b4 t play gatekeeper . 
  thats too much control , the state can not allow this . 
   i lost a lot of respect for eu laws today . 
  then i guess you also lost a lot of respect for us anti-trust laws . 
  a lame duck parliament is one which is unable to work . 
  the current parliament can still work and there are still some things the coalition wanted to decide anyway . 
  again , there is no reason . 
  it isn \u00b4 t. 
  not after merkels comments yesterday . 
  or was that just another campaigning-move after all ? 
  ;-) there is no reason to wait . 
  but google are the `` good '' guys / s, 
  finally !, 
  its googles turn to pay now ... i hope there will be a lot more fines in the future if they continue their harmful behavior . 
  because they hurt other companies and thus competition ? 
  even if you believe in capitalism , you should want the state the enable healthy competition . 
  otherwise there will be gigantic monopolies that control the market . 
  this hurts innovation as well as the consumer , because if you have a monopoly , you can basically dictate prices . 
  capitalism can only work if the state stops monopolies . 
  whataboutism . 
  also , microsoft has paid a lot in the past . 
  currently however , they aren \u00b4 t in the position anymore to use their own monopolies to really destroy the competition . 
  microsoft only controls the dominant desktop platform , but pcs have generally lost importance , so microsoft isn \u00b4 t in the powerful position it once had . 
  google on the other hand : monopoly on search , monopoly on smartphones . 
  very powerful position in in the browser-market . 
  they have a lot more power than microsoft these days . 
  yes . 
  britain fully commits its self to monopoly capitalism . 
  that surely will help in creating a healthy economy / s, 
  the district between the main train-station and the banking-district is a very bad place with drugs , prostitutes etc. 
  - this plays a big role , as people who come to frankfurt will likely see this district first when they leave the train station . 
  its neither of those things and the city does have a nightlife . 
  it isn \u00b4 t. 
  munich is more popular but not as important as frankfurt on a global scale . 
  berlin was split in two for 40 years which kinda was a huge factor for its rather bad development . 
  even 27 years aren \u00b4 t quite enough to fix that completely . 
  berlin is still catching up . 
  the most important topic for this state election was education , because one of the few things states do control is the education system . 
  the former government didn \u00b4 t do very well there apparently and this gave the opposition a chance to attack . 
  the afd got a pitiful result in nrw compared with other elections . 
  don \u00b4 t kid yourself . 
  most people have different problems . 
  its worth mentioning that he didn \u00b4 t candidate there and that the actual candidate kraft told him to please stay out of the election campaign there . 
  so blaming him is questionable . 
  you want the 2 % goal reached ? 
  70 billion euros wasted on a military thats almost never used ? 
  i wonder how cdu and csu want to finance their big tax-decrease for wealthy people if they also want to reach that 2 % goal ... actually focusing on european military integration would be pretty smart , because the eu countries do spend a lot on defense , its just not very efficient because everyone spends it on different things and without proper alignment with the other eu countries . 
  i can see however that something like that would be too ambitious for merkel . 
  thats quite idiotic advise to be frank . 
  the spd already has taken a harder stance towards inner security , which covers this base . 
  they can \u00b4 t outdo the afd or even the cdu here , so it doesn \u00b4 t make any sense whatsoever to focus on it . 
  hiring more policemen is probably the best thing that can be done in this area . 
  spd is focusing on social justice and this is the correct course for a social democratic party , only problem is that no one believes them that they do anything about it . 
  no wonder really . 
   this election is about inner security and migration says who ? 
  you ? 
  afd and csu voters , who are far away from being the majority ? 
  right wing troll on the net ? 
  to me it seems most people in germany are not really all that concerned . 
  he is undead now , so he also doesn \u00b4 t have the baby-face look anymore . 
  hm , you might be right . 
  i really thought he said fuck , but it certainly could be sword . 
  would make sense . 
  germans apparently don \u00b4 t use twitter that much . 
  they did show his face . 
  and he got to say `` f ** ck '' : https://youtu.be/vaiwto6vwcu?t=2m26s he played the grumpy angry type well . 
  its not his fault alone , but he can \u00b4 t escape blame . 
  federal level politics always influences the state level . 
  after schulz was announced , at the height of the hype , the polls said that the spd would have clearly won nrw . 
  but they are no longer in power in the party . 
  they tried a coup against corbyn though the parliamentary group , which failed . 
  the election result should have further weakened their power . 
  because the german economy only really started to heat up to maximum recently after the ecb started their programs and the euro got weaker and weaker . 
  having a healthy economy also means that investors pump in more money , which further drives the economy . 
  taxes rise and the state is able to invest more or pay more debt . 
  its like a virtuous circle . 
  meanwhile , the agenda reforms have been in place nearly since 15 years now . 
  and they mostly helped to establish a low-wage job market , but germanys strength is its export-industry . 
  the jobs in the export-industry aren \u00b4 t really low-wage . 
  german economy didn \u00b4 t really become more competitive because the agenda . 
  more important was that the wages in germany were increasing at a much slower pace than other european countries . 
  but this wage-development isn \u00b4 t related to the agenda , its because the wages are not set by the state and german workers/unions agreed with the industries that the wages won \u00b4 t rise very much . 
  politicians , especially those responsible for the agenda and those who want do even further `` reforms '' will tell you that its the agenda which is responsible for the economic success , but many economic scientists won \u00b4 t agree . 
  its still not clear if those reforms really brought many benefits or if they didn \u00b4 t. 
  the economy is a complex matter and there are many different factors at play , the current situation ( cheap money being printed by the ecb , weaker euro ) is ideal for the german export economy . 
  i would say that these factors contribute more to the current economic success than the agenda 2010 reforms . 
  i do agree that one of the good things about schr\u00f6der was that he was actually willing to do something , even if it was wrong . 
  to explain this to people who don \u00b4 t know much about german politics : the spd is still dominated by the same fraction that supported schr\u00f6ders neoliberal policies . 
  its very comparable actually with the labor party until corbyn came in . 
  they preach social justice and a more equal distribution of wealth , but they only want to change some tiny details about the current system and they prefer a coalition with the liberal fdp over a coalition with the socialist left party . 
  no one trusts them for real change , they would just continue the policy direction the grand coalition had . 
  problem is , merkel has the politics style of `` doing nothing '' perfected . 
  which means that she also provides little to no real opportunity to attack her . 
  so people who want the status quo choose the cdu while people who want change are either disenfranchised , voting afd out of protest or are voting for the left . 
  this leaves a potential of 20 to 25 percent , where the spd is sitting now and where she shall likely remain . 
  this will probably continue until the spd ousts the schr\u00f6derites from their position of power ( and thus restoring trust from their core-electorate , just like corbyn in britain ) or until merkel resigns - or until a serious crisis of the economy hits germany . 
  the spike in the polls that the spd experienced after schulz was announced was because he was new , unknown and people thought he might take a different direction . 
  but he really didn \u00b4 t.
