  more important are things like poverty , development and life prospectives . 
  and also , upbringing and social life of a person . 
  these are all things that influence whether someone becomes a shooter or not . 
  ethnicity is connected to some of them , though its not the cause for the shootings them selfs . 
  schizophrenia is not genetically inherited . 
  genes have a certain influence on it , but they are not the main cause . 
  the theory that schizophrenia is genetically inherited comes from eugenics , which also was a part of the nazi policies ( thats the reason why they just killed mentally ill persons ) . 
  it has been debunked by twin-studies . 
  so yes . 
  it is racist . 
  so you think people from a certain ethnicity are more likely to commit mass shootings ? 
  there have been hundreds of right-motivated attacks here in germany last year ( mostly people trying to burn down refugee shelters ) . 
  not saying right wing terrorism is a bigger problem then islamic terrorism ( or left terrorism , for that matter ) . 
  however , its a problem that should not be ignored as well . 
  what did anders breivik do 5 years ago again ? 
  or the nsu trio ? 
  right wing terrorism is on the rise in europe now , because they think the refugee crisis warrants `` decisive action '' . 
  the biggest problem of democracy is its tendency to fall into the `` terror of the masses '' problem , which then leads to its downfall and the rise of dictators . 
  just like what is happening in turkey now . 
  or , the other way around , a democracy that actually becomes an oligarchy , like in the usa , where the money rules . 
  hitlers party actually became the biggest one in the last free elections . 
  hitler once tried a coup , which failed . 
  after that one , he decided to take power via `` the legal way '' . 
  he got very lucky that the economy crashed in 1929 , a crisis which he leveraged in the end to get into the office . 
  also , german society back then was very anti-democratic , due the german empire being a very militaristic , very authoritarian state . 
  small correction : hitler was appointed by president von hindenburg - he became the chancellor . 
  yes . 
  but what about a terrorist attack on a nuclear power plant ? 
  what if they take a plane to crash into the reactor ? 
  these people are already there , and they are french citizens . 
  is france supposed to gather them all up and deport them into concentration camps , even if they are innocent ? 
  that sounds awfully familiar ... 
  make constantinople great again . 
  turkey is never going to be a member of the eu . 
  and uk always had an opt-out of schengen . 
  i have seen no rape-squads here in germany . 
  uhm ... what does that have to do with anything ? 
  you do realize that the people who do these terrorists attacks in france are french citizens , born on france ? 
  being in the eu or not being in the eu would not change anything for france in that regard . 
  certainly larger then 52 % ... 
  as far as i know , it is the only ice-free port in eastern russia , and because of this , the main base of russias pacific navy . 
  russias dependency on the black sea harbors was always a big problem for them in the old days , but after the colonized the far east , it became less dependent , because they gained wladiwostok . 
  ah , right . 
  i got it mixed up . 
  yes . 
  though it is as much part of ukraine at the moment , as the golan heights are part of syria . 
  officially part of ukraine , but governed by russia . 
  also , odessa was used by the russian navy before the crisis . 
  its a russian navy port located in ukraine . 
  aren \u00b4 t they already here ? 
  :-p ok , thats mean and not entirely true , though it seems that we have many from eastern turkey here in germany , which is the poorer part of the country . 
  they do have wladiwostok , which is their most important warm weather port besides odessa . 
  it may be time for many people to pack their stuff and leave . 
  it has been reported that many young , liberal turkish people already started to leave in the past months . 
  its so bad . 
  really sorry for the secular part of turkey . 
  if this god-damned coup wouldn \u00b4 t have been so amateurishly executed ... 
  yep . 
  politics is pretty fucked here . 
  if i think about the last election , one thing that always comes to mind are the old ladies in interviews who said they are gon na vote for merkel . 
  you know , because she is so sympathetic and she eats potato soup ... that tells you a lot about german politics . 
  merkel basically killed the political culture here in germany with her style of government . 
  the sad thing is , she is going to be re-elected next year . 
  what ? 
  no , not really . 
  the reichstag building was destroyed internally in 1933 because of a fire , just shortly after hitler came into power ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reichstag_fire ) . 
  it wasn \u00b4 t used as parliament until after the fall of the gdr , so i can assure you that hitler did not do his speeches there . 
  maybe you are mixing two things up . 
  there is the reichstag building , which is where the bundestag is located today ( still called reichstag today ) , and there is the reichstag , which is the name of the german parliament , which existed from 1871 till 1945 . 
  though in the 3rd reich after 1933 it was neutered of course and the only party with seats was the nsdap . 
  to make it short : hitler held his speeches in front of the reichstag ( the neutered one ) , yes , but the reichstag ( the parliament ) wasn \u00b4 t located in the reichstag ( building ) at the time . 
  yes , after she decisively prolonged the running permit of the nuclear power plats shortly before ... maybe she feared the green party could pose a threat ? 
  sure , the dome is cool . 
  i did prefer however prefer the old design much more , as it fits more with the stile of the rest of the building ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/3d/reichstag-1870.jpg/1280px-reichstag-1870.jpg ) . 
  too bad is was destroyed . 
  it wasn \u00b4 t. 
  originally it was built by paul wallot , a german architect : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paul_wallot only the new dome / roof was designed by a brit , as well as some interior ( which of course was destroyed in the war ) . 
  yes , it does . 
  for these countries the euro always was an advantage until the financial crisis ( and the following debt crisis , which came to be because the states had to pump all the money in the banks ) . 
  you shouldn \u00b4 t forget : west germany was not a completely sovereign nation until 1990 . 
  so the troops were there to protect us , yes . 
  but they were also there as occupation troops . 
  also , romania , unlike west germany in the cold war , doesn \u00b4 t have the strategic importance to warrant such a us presence . 
  and i doubt the us would invest so much money in europe anyway in this day and age . 
  and he is absolutely right . 
  the exercises will do nothing for the nato . 
  russia knows they can \u00b4 t attack a nato and eu country . 
  putin recently said that russia needs the usa `` the last remaining superpower '' ( in his words ) , and even though anything he says should be taken with a grain of salt , it is true . 
  russia \u00b4 s economy is scrambling , they need the trade with the eu / us . 
  russia is in no position to attack nato . 
  and you do know that in case of a nuclear war , west germany would have likely been destroyed completely ? 
  because in case of a russian ground assault , nato would have likely used the nukes on west germany to stop/slow down the russian attack ... 
  well , the eu already is sanctioning russia . 
  what more do you expect ... war ? 
  surely not . 
  she is in support of the hdp , which is not a terror organization . 
  i don \u00b4 t think she is so much on an `` anti-turkey '' crusade as she is on a `` pro-kurd '' crusade . 
  yeah , they killed many . 
  though , wasn \u00b4 t there a kind of piece treaty in place recently ? 
  and also , wasn \u00b4 t it erdogan who started the conflict once again ?
