  nearly impossible for the kurds to reach the sea . 
  well , iraq kurdistan is already nearly independent ... 
   turkey has no other option than supporting rebels because other sides are pkk and assad regime . 
  i don \u00b4 t really understand that . 
  turkey thinks a independent kurdish state on syrian territory is a threat to its national security - but a radical islamist syria isn \u00b4 t ? 
  seems i will never understand the turkish stance on the kurdish issue . 
  maybe turkey should just allow them to have their own state , instead of continue to suppress and try to assimilate them . 
  maybe just give them a small part of the territory , offer the kurds living in other places of turkey to migrate there and be done with it . 
  it may seem counterproductive for `` national interests '' of turkey , however , in the long run , it would save turkey so much trouble and problems . 
  i don \u00b4 t think the kurds will ever stop fighting for their own state . 
  if history tells us one thing , its that mulitnational states , like austria-hungary or the ottoman empire , don \u00b4 t work very well . 
   if russia recognizes it at a terrorist organisation the west does as well , they work together . 
  uhm ... no . 
  it doesn \u00b4 t work like that , and russia and the west are working together ? 
  what ? 
  last time i checked , russia was sanctioned by the west ... again , muslim brotherhood is not considered a terrorist organization in the west . 
  islamist sure , but not terrorist . 
  when they won the last free elections in egypt , they were seen and described as a moderate islamist party . 
  no : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/muslim_brotherhood#designation_as_a_terrorist_organization besides russia , only some middle-eastern countries see them as a terrorist organization . 
  correct . 
  hamas = terrorist group , muslim brotherhood = party . 
  maybe i should have formulated that clearer . 
  no , it is a recent report . 
  ** translation & summary : ** in a confidential answer of the german interior ministry to a parliamentary inquiry of the left opposition party `` die linke '' , the ministry admitted that the turkish government and turkish president erdogan actively supports islamistic parties and terrorist groups like muslim brotherhood , hamas and islamic groups in syria . 
  in recent years ( since 2011 ) , they intensified their connections , and turkey has become a central platform for islamistic action in the region . 
  but iraq , different from syria , isn \u00b4 t a total warzone . 
  so i think they could be send back . 
  [ they are rebuilding some right now ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dom-r\u00f6mer_project ) frankfurt suffered greatly from the war destruction . 
  however , its finally improving lately , as some of the post-war buildings are now demolished to be replaced with modern architecture , and of course some of the old buildings are rebuild , as i mentioned . 
  this is a nice video on frankfurt : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqe5vfqpt20, 
  her voters are too . 
  technically most people in europe are not natives , since the european sub-continent has a long history of migration . 
  you give consumers way too much credit there ... 
  east-german female swimmers were notorious for having a very deep voice . 
  i wonder why ... 
  i don \u00b4 t understand people who support this . 
  its a useless move , that will only cause backlash . 
   changing the medical confidentiality laws so doctors and therapists can report patients they believe may be a threat to public safety - now that is a proposal that should be raising concerns . 
  my father is a doctor , and according to him , doctors and therapists can report people , if they think that they might kill someone . 
  useless initiative . 
  zero gain in `` security '' , its all just stupid symbol politics , and also completely unrelated to the terrorist attacks . 
  they should rather hire much more policemen , after they downsized the policeforce in the past decade or so . 
  austerity is really dumb , and i hope someday the majority here in germany will see it like that as well . 
  just join the eu and eurozone norway . 
  that will solve all problems . 
  :-) i mean , can you ever have too many nordic countries in your union ? 
  audi comes from saxony though , originally at least ... 
   not to mention foreign companies with their european hqs located there ( like nintendo ) . 
  sorry , but i have to correct : nintendo of europe is located in frankfurt , which is in hesse . 
  its not in bavaria . 
  yes , certain words are different in the us and uk . 
  also , there is a certain sound to it , with the stereotypical english , which is often referred to as oxford english , and american english , which is often referred to associated in germany with sloppy articulation compared with british english . 
  eventually , most people here in germany will try to mimik the american style more then the british one . 
  actually , we learn british english , yes , but most germans will later speak american english . 
  its because of the big influence of us media . 
  they bring higher returns , but they are not safe . 
  thats the problem the economy faces since 2008 . 
  banks , companies , wealthy people - they don \u00b4 t invest their money like they used to . 
  thats the reason the central banks flood the markets with cheap money . 
  everyone has become so scared , so they flee to `` safe '' harbors , like german state bonds . 
  they are so popular right now , that investors are even willing to accept negative return . 
  they pay the german state for lending the german market money . 
  its insane , really . 
  if they invest their money , they invest in in real estate these days . 
  they don \u00b4 t really invest it in companies , which is really what would help the economy . 
  real estate investments make the prizes rise ( which is what happens right now here in germany ) , so many with a normal income can afford living in a big city anymore , and it doesn \u00b4 t really boost the economy in the way you would want it . 
  sure , there is an positive economic effect , in short term , but there is also the risk of big bubbles . 
  at some point it may pop , which is what happened in 2007 in the us , and then in some european states as well ( like , spain ) . 
  the money would be better in the hands of ordinary , non-wealthy people , who would spend the money for other things , like consumer goods and services . 
  ah , yes . 
  this was the fooling thinking , that led to the income-tax rates for top-incomes being lowered here in germany . 
  which did absolutely nothing for the economy , besides enlarging the ever growing inequality . 
  why ? 
  they don \u00b4 t spend or invest the extra money . 
  they save it . 
  the anglo-saxons were germanic tribes , too, 
   it 's a shame because war is necessary to the health of the republic tell that to the people who went to war in 1914 . 
  you know , world war i , also known as `` the collective suizide of europe '' . 
  that did really help all fighting states with their `` health '' . 
  oh , i think most people are pretty happy over here . 
  we learned our lessons from two world wars . 
   might even lead to the collaps of the social state . 
  what also might lead to the collapse is the afd , since this party endorses not only right wing policies in immigration , but also radical neo-liberal ideas in economic policies . 
  well , sigmar gabriel has like 15 % approval rating ( as vice-chancellor and minister of economics ) . 
  :-) don \u00b4 t think he did any of the things you listed . 
  srp was the first party to be forbidden though , and that was a national socialist party . 
  the only industry he really bolstered was arms . 
  for no particular reason of course . 
   hitler bolstered german science and how ? 
  he did nothing to do that . 
  what he did do , was locking up many intellectuals who didn \u00b4 t want to follow the nazis . 
  seems you underestimate how big germany was in science befor world war two . 
  if you didn \u00b4 t know , the modern university structure for example was invented in germany and then adopted by the rest of the world . 
  too much siesta, 
  it is here in germany . 
  before , germany was `` das land der dichter und denker '' / `` the country of poets and thinkers '' . 
  hitler ended it by driving away almost all intelligent people , with only a few coming back after the war . 
  sure , but it seems many people think that willkommenskultur is the single thing responsible for terrorist attacks . 
  its like they think that there weren \u00b4 t any muslims around here before , or terrorist attack attempts for that matter . 
  thank you , corrected .
