  full name could be `` macedon republic of vardar/vardaria '' . 
  edit : its fine if you want to downvote me because of the first part of the post . 
  still , i would be interested what people think about the name i proposed ... 
  anschluss , gib clay switzerland too , anschluss time . 
  all three are male . 
  our traditional family christmas dinner : wiener schnitzel ( served with a piece of lemon and cowberries ) and german potato-salad , thats the main dish . 
  up front , small pieces of white-bread with salmon , a slice of egg , dill and horseradish . 
  france , definitely france . 
  austria is a also a good friend , in a sense , austria is the little brother . 
  no , absolutely not . 
  all power has to be derived from peoples will , not from `` the will of god '' or the monarch . 
  people like to point to the uk and say `` hey , the monarch has no power '' . 
  sure , he/she directly has little to no power . 
  but there are still elements of the aristocratic system left that would not be allowed to stand in a republic , like the house of lords . 
  i also hate all the commotion about `` the royals '' . 
  its just irrelevant non-news . 
  don \u00b4 t really see why we would need that in germany . 
  i do like our current position of president . 
  its all really needed for the head of state . 
  the republican system was fought for . 
  i wouldn \u00b4 t want to give it up to create a fake kabuki theatre . 
  no one should be `` born higher '' simply because of blood . 
  german angst . 
  mainly the fear of instability . 
  stability is like an obsession of some people . 
  for example , they see debating , `` infighting '' in a party as some bad thing ( when its the most normal thing in a democracy to debate ) . 
  sometimes it feels we never truly got rid of the authoritarian thinking . 
  i hate the debating culture in this country . 
  you are either complete mainstream or complete anti-mainstream . 
  in between isn \u00b4 t allowed . 
  on the 24th ( heiligabend ) , we give presents to each other in the late afternoon and open them ( bescherung ) . 
  then , we go to the grandparents to have the second bescherung and dinner . 
  typical christmas-dinner at this day from grandma : kartoffelsalat ( german potatosalad ) and wiener schnitzel . 
  on the 25th and 26th , we usually meet other relatives and eat some more with them . 
  of course this is just my family , i am sure it varies from family to family and also region to region in germany . 
  important historical figure for establishing code napoleon . 
  of course , if the humans are ready for it . 
  for that to happen however , it will take some time . 
  not talking decades , more like a few centuries maybe . 
  first step towards that would be more unified continents besides europe ( asian union , african union , south american union ) . 
  i guess what could be a push in that direction would be more advanced space travel . 
  because this is so expensive , this could be something that brings humans together ( just like the iss , but larger ) . 
  like , colonizing a planet in the far future . 
  or trying to establish a permanent mars colony . 
  the udssr hymn ( bombastic ) . 
  however , i don \u00b4 t think this particular hymn fits , unless your mini eu is socialist . 
  it was the logical consequence of the containment policy , but it is generally seen as an unjust war here as well . 
  i think in the middle ages , it was allmagne in english as well ( as it is in french today ) . 
  germany : no one can tell , because this differs from state to state !, 
  as for my home state of hesse : - kinderkrippe ( optional ) : 3 months old - age 3 - kindergarten : age 3 - 6 - grundschule : age 6 - 10 in hesse , there are basically four different types of secondary schools : - hauptschule : most basic form of secondary school . 
  goes till the 9th grade . 
  this type of school is slowly phased out now , but the graduation ( hauptschulabschluss ) still exists . 
  with this , you can basically get an apprenticeship . 
  - realschule : slightly higher-ranked secondary school , goes till the 10th grade . 
  leads to a so called `` mittlerer abschluss '' , which allows you to switch to a gymnasium afterwards if you wish , so you can get your abitur this way . 
  - gymnasium : highest ranked secondary school , goes till the 12th/13th grade ( depends on the school ) , allows you to study ( abitur ) . 
  - gesamtschule : school that encompasses all secondary school-types , also allows you to get an abitur if you do well enough . 
  to make it more complex , there also are fos schools ( fachoberschule ) . 
  these allow people with the mittlerer abschluss to get an abitur as well , but this is a different kind of abitur ( fachabitur ) . 
  it allows you to study as well , but with certain restrictions , which vary from state to state . 
  the population : collectively jump of a bridge . 
  like lemmings ( yes , i know this is a myth ) 1 ) the government would most likely send a mild , calm message to the us government that they don \u00b4 t think this is ok 2 ) complain decisively that this is not ok ( because muh german export money ) 3 ) declare nato meaningless and go on with eu defense system 4 ) the government would most likely send a mild , calm message to the us government that they don \u00b4 t think this is ok, 
  of course not . 
  why would we want schlesien , east brandenburg , pommern and ostpreu\u00dfen ? 
  nearly no germans live there . 
  would be a complete mess . 
  well , yes , my home-town has a very nice medieval city center . 
  german system is a mess . 
  mainly because its different for every single state . 
  so i live in the state of hesse . 
  if i would live a few miles southeast , i would be in bavaria , and their system is completely different . 
  big problem for people with kids who move from one state to another . 
  at least tuition fees are no longer a thing here . 
  germans just love rules , so we even act stupid to keep them intact . 
  also , there is often the argument that people need to act as a good example for children and not cross at red , even when there is no traffic . 
  i ignore this normally . 
  if there is no traffic , i just cross , unless there are really little kids around . 
  oh , and police . 
   social democracy - not opposed to capitalism and normally exists within a capitalist system . 
  high taxes , high importance of unions , with the government heavily involved in creating a welfare state . 
  that wasn \u00b4 t the case when social democracy started though . 
  in the 19th and early 20th century , there was no differentiation between socialist and social democrat . 
  the line was drawn between communists and socialist/social democrat . 
  both wanted to move past capitalism , communists via a revolution , social democrats with reforms . 
  that changed slowly after ww1 and ww2 . 
  my grandpa ( who is hungarian ) normally uses schmand as a substitute . 
  but if i had to choose , probably egypt ( for wonder spam ) or the byzantine empire ( for stronk religion ) . 
  my own country , i would never choose in civ 5 . 
  its bonus sucks . 
  i ate them very often as a kid . 
  now , not so much anymore . 
  i think most adults don \u00b4 t eat them very often , we germans like our bread way too much . 
  they also have a bad bad reputation for being unhealthy ( too much sugar ) . 
  m\u00fcsli is popular here though . 
  sure . 
  the paulaner restaurant has it , so definitely go there . 
  you can also get it in any drink-supermarket . 
  but definitely check out zum gemalten haus as well . 
  the hessian cuisine is not as well known , but if you are in frankfurt , you should definitely check it out . 
  stay in frankfurt - there is much to see around here as well .
