lol . 
  that one is good . 
  how about this : cdu & spd can \u00b4 t agree before the elections , so the idea is dropped , for now . 
  after the elections , when another black-red coalition is formed ( highly likely ) , some `` problem '' with the budget plan is discovered . 
  begrudgingly , the spd agrees to the privatization plans . 
  doesn \u00b4 t that sound nice ? 
  it actually reminds of the vat tax raise in 2007 ... 
  hope dies last ( but eventually , i guess it does die : - / ) . 
  this party also initiated the big liberal labor , welfare and market reforms in the early 2000s in germany under schr\u00f6der ( agenda 2010 ) , so they betrayed their former principles and voters once already . 
  its very unclear if they ever can regain the trust they once had . 
  you are seeing this from a very technical and also ideological standpoint . 
  what matters to the eu commission in the end is that one company misuses its market dominance for one-sided gains , using one monopoly to build on others . 
  that is what needs to be punished , whether the base of the system is open source or not . 
  people install forked software on their android phones sometimes after they get them , yes . 
  but this is not the typical user . 
  the typical user would never do this . 
  the typical user will use the preinstalled services : google maps , google search , the playstore etc. 
  - this is the problem . 
  the kernel of android is a linux fork . 
  but what defines android , as opposed to other linux systems ? 
  the google apps , app-store and integration . 
  which are the components of the os that are not open source . 
  when people purchase stuff via the google system , they are just as locked-in as with windows . 
  in this sense , android is no better then windows . 
  its a big company that controls the market through a ( at least partly ) closed system . 
  the only real difference : google markets this way more clever than microsoft . 
  some threads are heavily downvoted , others heavily pushed to the top . 
  often threads about negative right-wing things are downvoted . 
  maybe . 
  maybe not . 
  another coincidence : alt-right posters often have no flair and they appear to be american . 
  its monopoly , but its not a significant one today . 
  microsofts ability to gain an unfair advantage is pretty limited , when smartphones are more important these days than pcs . 
  ineffective ? 
  not sure . 
  microsofts browser monopoly was averted after all ( to be replaced with googles monopoly with chrome ) . 
  and it took away money microsoft could have used to expand an/or acquire competitors . 
  windows as a monopoly does n't really matter anymore , as the pc platform overall lost importance . 
  as long as they do n't come here . 
  though , some of them appear to be here occasionally already . 
  i have to laugh so much that they consider deutsche bahn and telekom as `` positive '' examples for privatization . 
  the autobahn should stay completely under state control . 
  hopefully , the spd will stop this nonsense ( oh well , knowing them and gabriel , they might not ) . 
  fire phones were a major flop . 
  i don \u00b4 t think they sell them anylonger , fire tablets yes , but they are a niche system . 
  not because of the concentration camps ? 
  i guess they really were insignificant , genocide on an industrial level is really a small issue after all . 
  the nazis were painted as exceptionally evil - because they were . 
  they did really fucked up shit in the name of `` pure blood '' . 
  so you are saying most people buy chinese knock-off phones ? 
  not here in germany . 
  i can assure you that almost all android phones sold here will be bundled with the playstore . 
  and the other google services . 
  sadly , that is a cop-out argument thrown around by google . 
  to get access to the playstore , one of the most important and integral features of android , you need to bundle google \u00b4 s apps as well . 
  and make them the default , too . 
  so while the phone makers are technically not required to bundle them , it is a requirement in reality . 
  because without the playstore , it is worthless for most people . 
  the argument pro android over competing systems like windows mobile after all is : android gets all the apps . 
  which is what google is doing by bundling its search ( also a monopoly ) and other google products alongside android . 
  just like microsoft with the media player and the internet explorer . 
  would you rather have completely privately owned press that pushes the agenda of their owners ? 
  who only works for profit ? 
  are pro7sat1 and rtl really the `` quality media '' we want ? 
  the public media are a huge blessing . 
  they can produce programs , channels and shows that don \u00b4 t have to be profitable , but which are very important for our media landscape . 
  for example , arte or phoenix . 
  an existing bias does not mean the these are not free media . 
  people are not perfect . 
  everyone has a certain bias , including journalists . 
  ard/zdf still represent a huge variety of opinions . 
   since those who criticize the migrants and merkel 's migrant policies ( even on the internet ) are forced to pay fines . 
  in other words you are a bunch of hypocrites . 
  so because people who say `` kill all refugees '' , `` send them to the gas-chambers '' have to pay fines , germany doesn \u00b4 t have free press ? 
  right . 
  maybe it is your country that doesn \u00b4 t have free press . 
   and this means financial policy with strong euro which benefits germany and it 's nearby neighbours , but is increasingly hard for the periphery - meaning both finland , spain , greece and probably ireland , too see , the euro not our doing . 
  mitterrand wanted germany to say yes to the euro as the price of the reunification . 
  germany originally didn \u00b4 t want to give up the d-mark . 
  russia \u00b4 s own fault . 
  turns out if you break treaties , people don \u00b4 t like it . 
  android is an effective monopoly , just like windows was an effective monopoly . 
  the existence of ios or in the case of windows , mac os , does not mean its not a monopoly . 
  google should get the same treatment here as microsoft in 2009 . 
  oh , look , another thread about a right-wing governed country that is massively downvoted ( 61 % upvotes as of this post ) . 
  surprise , surprise . 
  cheap stuckmann meme, 
  ahhh , our kryptonite !, 
  who ? 
  spain , go home , you are drunk . 
  why did you elect these clowns again ? 
  only good that they don \u00b4 t have a majority . 
  i agree that denying reality is no solution . 
  this is what separates pure ideologues from smart politicians : if there is a problem , it has to be named and solved . 
  you see , i myself find the refugee decision of merkel pretty bad . 
  not because it is wrong to take in refugees . 
  no , we should take in refugees . 
  but because the state lost control for a few weeks . 
  there was no plan , no strategy how to deal with the incoming refugees . 
  the state should absolutely check who wants to enter .
