  i think april was abnormally hot , but the actual summer was pretty mixed . 
  a few days sunshine , a few days rain and thunderstorms . 
  considering denmark is north of us and northern germany is usually the coldest part , it makes sense . 
  you get pretty much the same weather as we do but less hot . 
  you offer it to us freely ? 
  thats very nice of you . 
  italian ice cream , best ice cream . 
  or he can declare himself the new tzar . 
  i want to add that east germany never had the societal revolution of 1968 that we in the west had . 
  one of the key things of that revolution was that the young generation wanted to know and acknowledge the crimes of the nazi period . 
  in the east , anything like that was surpressed . 
  pretty sure he did n't use such a stupid looking helmet . 
  the chancellor isn \u00b4 t the head of parliament . 
  she is the head of government . 
  she doesn \u00b4 t decide alone , but the chancellor is the mightiest person in the german political system . 
  she decided the general policy direction ( richtlinienkompetenz ) . 
  catch him with your pokeball , of course . 
  comedy is based on misery , so you always laughing at something or someone . 
  and laughing at yourself is the best kind of laughing . 
  or laughing at people who can \u00b4 t laugh about them self . 
  your comment shows that such a concept is clearly above you . 
  please continue with your bickering and whining about a german satire , because that makes it really funny . 
  well , ignoring arguments is no way to debate and how a bot would act . 
  so it makes sense that you would beat people you discuss with , because you ignore arguments and can \u00b4 t offer anything but right-wing drivel about a `` white genocide '' and new holocaust . 
  which makes you diluted and retarded . 
  you have earned it . 
  no , they cooperated with the big companies . 
  and the big companies like krupp or ig-farben supported them . 
  however , hitler started the preparation for war and so he had to take control of some parts of the economy . 
  this is normal in times of war , as the state concentrates all efforts on the war preparation . 
  he never took away the wealth from the rich and the companies . 
  but he did destroy free unions and the workers movement ( as well as the associated political parties , which were banned ) . 
  they aren \u00b4 t because they never challenged the existing distribution of wealth . 
  the nazis cooperated with the ruling class and big business , while in a socialist state , the former ruling class gets usually killed or at least looses their property . 
  so no , they weren \u00b4 t left . 
  yes , they had a big state , but that was in preparation for war . 
  so anarchists who want a small state and freedom for the individual are right/conservative ? 
  sorry , you are using a fucked up definition of left and right . 
  you can be right and want less freedom for the individual and want a big state and you can be left and want a small state and more freedom for the individual . 
  the nazis were as extreme right authoritarian as it gets . 
  how can you not laugh at those who can \u00b4 t laugh about them self ? 
  you know that the nazis classified people based on their `` genetic value '' ? 
  like , if you were a pole or a czech and had a kid with blond hair and blue eyes , in some cases the nazis took those kids away and tried to germanize them : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lebensborn that stereotype was really used by the nazis , just look at some of these posters : https://www.google.de/search?q=nazi+propaganda+poster&amp;num=50&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewiunbiu3anvahxd7bqkhvk0cw0q_auicigb&amp;biw=1920&amp;bih=980&amp;dpr=1, 
  being an asshole . 
  east germany should be vita cola and i would prefer seeing spezi there instead of fanta for west germany . 
  the funny thing about fanta : its very different in the us or some other non-european countries : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vnltjsbblsk, 
  i never said it does . 
  being a member of nazi party makes you a nazi . 
  yes , the identitarians are nazis . 
  its an extremist right group with many members who were formerly members of more traditional neo-nazi parties and organizations . 
  i will continue to call them out for what they are , no matter how much you and other right idiots dislike it . 
  there are poor people in all parts of germany , not just berlin . 
  for example , every sixth bavarian in retirement age is considered poor . 
  22 % in bavaria are at risk of sliding down into poverty ( 2014 numbers ) . 
  and its easy to become poor , if you are like 55 and loose your job ( maybe because of illness ) , good luck finding a new job . 
  if you reach a certain age , it becomes nearly impossible , even in bavaria . 
  its very easy to put all the blame on the people who are affected , and convenient , because this way the politicians who are in charge can escape any criticism . 
  surprise surprise : if you lower the job-security , you make it possible that more people find a job , but also that more people loose their job , which produces broken life-plans and ruined existences . 
  inb4 `` its not real poverty if they are n't starving '' . 
  a good documentation on poor old people in bavaria : https://www.zdf.de/dokumentation/zdfinfo-doku/reiches-bayern-arme-leute-100.html, 
  i always enjoy seeing nazis getting fucked over by their own stupidity . 
  yes , it was built as an imitation of the old castles , though as ludwigs idealistic idea what those castles would look like . 
  its not really a castle , more like a palace . 
  in german its the difference between a burg and a schloss . 
  a burg ( castle ) is build as a defensive fortress and typically from the middle ages . 
  a schloss really isn \u00b4 t meant to be defendable , its more for representative means . 
  in german its schloss neuschwanstein , not burg neuschwanstein . 
  enjoy your [ cheesebread ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/1c/2014_boterham_oude_kaas.jpg/948px-2014_boterham_oude_kaas.jpg ) . 
  or [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/50/boerenkool_stamppot.jpg/1024px-boerenkool_stamppot.jpg ) gross looking thing ... a dutch shit-talking about german cuisine , lol . 
  czech republic = eastern europe confirmed, 
  no , that would be horrible . 
  he needs to be couped by his own people , french revolution style . 
  yes , he has . 
  signing laws and speaking in public with presidential authority , those are powerful weapons for the president . 
  every balancing does weaken the executive branch , thats the point  but it doesn \u00b4 t have to mean that its indecisive . 
  the government is as decisive or indecisive as the prime minister is . 
  even with a president , the prime minister clearly has the mandate for day-to-day politics . 
  but the risk of it turning into a dictatorship is lower . 
  president and prime minister counter balance each other in the executive branch . 
  if you only have the president , the counter balance is missing . 
  the point is that the president , even if he doesn \u00b4 t have the most power in day-to-day politics , is always the highest political instance in a country . 
  if you have a prime minister who wants to dismantle the democratic state , a president can speak against him , he is the highest authority . 
  if you share the responsibility of the executive branch to more shoulders , the chance that something goes wrong is smaller . 
  the executive is the branch that rules . 
  judicative judges , legislative makes laws , but the executive controls the police , bureaucracy , military etc. 
  - a president who is head of state and government is harder to control . 
  the president has the power of the word , he can make speeches commenting on politics , maybe giving the debate in the country a different direction . 
  he also has to sign laws , so if he thinks a law is unconstitutional , he can refuse to sign it . 
  in a system where the president is the head of state and the head of government , this counter-balance doesn \u00b4 t exist . 
  you can do that , but its still much more risky . 
  look at romania , for example . 
  president stands out as the voice of reason against the corrupt government and prime minister . 
  its just another fail-safe that helps to keep democracy intact . 
  these are different branches , judicative and legislative . 
  president and prime minister are in the executive branch , but too much executive power concentrated in one person is bad . 
  in states without prime ministers , you have the president as head of government . 
  that is risky , because the president has too much power , which has a high risk of the state becoming a dictatorship . 
  case in point : turkey . 
  turkey will change from parliamentary to presidential democracy and get rid of the prime minister . 
  all so the state can become a dictatorship-light under erdogan .
