  democracy was really unpopular back then in germany , people wanted a strong leader . 
  libya was a dictatorship , yes , but with weak central power . 
  the state was basically gaddaffi and his family and their servants , after he was dead , it did fall apart very quickly . 
   a stable democracy requires both a strong government ( to defend the people from foreign threats ) and a strong people ( to defend themselves from domestic threats ) . 
  in a stable , civilized democracy with proper checks and balances , people don \u00b4 t need to be armed to protect against the government . 
  the arms only bring risk of anarchy and crime . 
  i guess we just have a very different worldview on this , lets agree to disagree there . 
  and i have already elaborated why switzerland is different , thank you . 
  not going to continue this discussion , as you don \u00b4 t have any arguments and just want to get personal . 
   i think you just described a totalitarian dictatorship , not a democracy . 
  maybe a just state should derive its legitimacy from the will of the people , not from having all the guns . 
  maybe to you . 
  i am very thankful i live in a country that is not gun-crazy . 
  state gets its legitimacy from the will of the people and from them accepting that they should just kill each other . 
   admit it , you really are a legit fascist who hates `` decadent democracy '' . 
  nope . 
  i love civilized , democratic states where you don \u00b4 t end fights with guns . 
  any examples ? 
  thats a very questionable statement . 
  states with a weak central power can end up like libya or somalia - failed state , anarchy . 
  she was murdered by right wing corps paramilitary militia , yes . 
  if you not see the differences between knives/sticks and guns ... sorry , but guns are a different level , especially automatic weapons . 
  yes , and then he lost his legal rights to these weapons , so they were illegal after that . 
  its a good example what can happen when you are letting every nutjob have a weapon . 
  not sure . 
  a few weeks ago , a policemen was shot by a so called `` reichsb\u00fcrger '' , because they were trying to ( wait for it ) take his illegal weapons . 
  so maybe yes , but the nice thing is that we have very tight gun controls . 
  its a much better situation than in the usa , where you can ( depending on the state ) can get a gun very easily , and always carry it . 
   they are talking about the cologne attacks which were done by refugees . 
  a lie . 
  there were refugees among the attackers . 
  but most of them were not refugees . 
  most of them were from nothern africa who apparently came to europe legally via france or were even born in france . 
  yes , in threads like this one especially , when all the r/the _ donald / people come here . 
   yes and what happens if the gov decides to ignore these checks ? 
  this is something that has happened countless times in history ... 
  yes , and it has happened here in germany as well . 
  this is why we have a constitution that does everything it can to ensure that this does not happen again . 
  a constitution that also gives the people the right to rise up against the government in such a case . 
  it is very unlikely that this is possible in this country . 
   an armed society is just as peaceful , switzerland has the 2nd highest gun ownership rate in the west and one of the lowest crime and homicide rates ... and america is not peaceful . 
  its comparing apples and oranges , switzerland is a very conservative , wealthy country , with a traditionally relatively weak central state ( the cantons decide a lot ) . 
  its also not nearly as diverse and economically unbalanced as the us . 
   again , citation needed this is an elementary part of political state theory : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monopoly_on_violence if anyone can just have a weapon , its very easy for a society to go off into anarchy , because anyone can resist the legitimate government . 
  it enables vigilante justice , which completely undermines the state justice system . 
  europe hasn \u00b4 t been disarmed until 1945 , so ... since then i can only think about the greek civil war that lasted until 1949 , but this was really a sort of proxy war of the us and the sowjet union . 
   it is n't the loss of a monoploy on the use of force that causes a government to lose legitimacy . 
  if that were the case the us would have ceased to exist two centuries ago . 
  because the us as a whole is a economical superpower with a strong military . 
  if people are mostly happy , why would they try and start a civil war ? 
  however , this has changed now , people are very unhappy in parts of the us . 
  this is when the weapons become a serious risk . 
  all these militia paramilitary groups , its not a good sign . 
   no , it absolutely should not , else it 's a totalitarian regime , the people need to have the ability to stand up to and challenge the government . 
  this is not how democracy works . 
  in democracy , you have a system of checks and balances to make sure that the government is not a totalitarian regime , and election , which lets you change the government . 
  how would you like it if some communists would try to start a coup against the government tomorrow ? 
  whats stopping them , they have the weapons , they can try . 
   that 's just flat out wrong ... no , its not . 
  having the executive power and being the only legitimate user of force is very important for a state . 
  just as much as having control over its borders . 
   ofc that 's an opinion , if you prefer a dictatorship then you can say no one should be able to defend themselves ... it 's no coincidence that one of the first moves of every dictatorship was to disarm the people . 
  i prefer a civilized society over one where everyone can go around and kill each other . 
  i think thats called barbarism . 
  yes , that is true . 
  the west created this monster , now it can \u00b4 t get it under control . 
  wahabbism comes from saudi-arabia , one of the most favorite partners of the west . 
  i know it more as saying goodbye . 
   b ) the state should not have a monopoly on use of force . 
  yes , it should . 
  maybe if you are american you don \u00b4 t get this , but a state should have the monopoly on the use of force , or else it might loose its legitimacy and the society can go into anarchy . 
  a state is not only powerless without borders ( which are the holy grail to the alt right of course ) , but also without the monopoly on the use of force . 
  thats why the us elections were dangerous , because there are armed groups that said they won \u00b4 t accept a victory of clinton . 
  what could that mean ? 
  civil war . 
  i don \u00b4 t know you , but i don \u00b4 t want another syria , but this time in the west . 
   that 's nothing but your personal opinion . 
  as it is yours that people should arm them self . 
  the real world is full of risks . 
  that their culture is inherently `` incompatible '' is the same alt-right bs many are spouting around in r/the _ donald / . 
  yes , there are extremists among the refugees , criminals or even terrorists . 
  these individuals are not compatible with our system . 
  that of course ignores that there are many refugees who do fit in , who do want to come here to just live in peace , because they escaped the hell of war . 
  of course that can be ignored , i guess because they are muslims and thus `` enemies '' . 
  its sick ideology that hates human beings , its no better than extremist islamists ideology ( both have many things in common btw ) . 
  nobody says you should let them in unchecked . 
  it was a mistake that happened , because there was a emergency situation . 
  edit : downvote me all you want - its fine if you see people as groups rather than individual people , but its misleading and will get you nowhere in the end . 
  nobody should arm himself , there is a ) no real reason to , b ) its undermining of the monopoly on legitimate use of force of the state . 
  if someone is so scared , he can carry a pepper-spray , but anything more is just wrong . 
  germany is not on the brink of civil war , despite what some people might wish for . 
  the police made a mistake that day to underestimate the situation , its not going to happen again . 
  pro-trolling right there : yes , they are , he told you . 
  spreading that one opinion however ( e.g. 
  spreading lies and hate ) is forbidden . 
  sorry , by no means an expert on northern german dialects . 
  but searching for it , it seem it it is indeed related with `` guten morgen '' : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moin of course you are right , today , it is often used regardless of the time of day . 
  attributing that to schr\u00f6ders reforms is wrong - sure , they played a factor , but so did many things , including germany \u00b4 s industry focus as a whole , its position in the eu , the euro etc. 
  schr\u00f6ders reforms made inequality worse , which also hurts the economy in the long run . 
  our over-reliance on exports can turn into a weakness quickly if the worlds economy goes down in another crisis , which honestly could happen every day .
