   is n't it just about how you distribute the wealth ? 
  yes . 
  the wealth is not distributed among the people equally , some people profit while other people get poorer . 
  the heart of the british economy these days is london cities banking district . 
  if you work there , you will most likely live a wealthy live . 
  but most british people don \u00b4 t work there . 
  britain has largely de-industrialized itself under thatchers rule . 
  these are the long-term effects of her neo-liberal policies . 
  the deal with conservatism is that it has no ideological core , unlike liberalism or socialism . 
  it changes with the times . 
  america was a liberal state from the start , so conservative politicians there would of course be `` liberal '' in that sense . 
  meanwhile in europe of the 19th century , being conservative meant being anti-democratic , monarchist and anti-liberal , because monarchy was the old system from which the european states evolved . 
  in america , being democratic , anti-monarchist and liberal was a given . 
  you can also see this if you look at the development of the social-systems . 
  the german empire under bismark was a state dominated by conservatism . 
  yet , it was one of the first states to implement stronger workers rights and social systems . 
  states dominated by liberal parties like france and the uk followed later , because their ideology was laissez faire , which is exactly the attribute you associated with conservatism - keeping out of the economy , a small state etc. 
  - so they resisted giving the workers more rights much longer . 
  bismark as a conservative had no problem with a strong state . 
  on the contrary , he was in favor of a strong state . 
  his primary goal was to keep the old societal order in germany as intact as possible ( prevent another revolution ) , so implementing then progressive workers rights was a natural move to ensure the survival of the old system and german monarchy . 
  as was a strong army and tight control of the german society . 
   what the term `` conservatism '' has always meant ( among other things ) is to reduce government regulation in the economy to a minimum . 
  uhm ... no . 
  thats never what `` conservatism '' meant . 
  conservatism means keeping of old policies , traditions etc. 
  liberalism is the ideology that says we have to reduce government to a minimum . 
  not conservatism . 
  a strong state with a mighty military is very much in line with a conservative point of view . 
  oh , look , a trumpet who lies . 
  such a rare thing . 
  obama never falsely claimed that germany and other european countries owe anything to nato . 
  because he wasn \u00b4 t dumb and he understood that 2 % are a non-binding goal for the year 2024 . 
  and the alliance is not build by the strength of armies . 
  its build on trust . 
  but i guess that concept might be far too much for you or trump to handle . 
  its laughable really . 
  german government has no clue about the internet and what to do in this area . 
  how could they , its neuland . 
  germany also is a country with a really bad internet infrastructure compared with other oecd nations . 
  next year , the mods will get stalins office , you will see . 
  go back to / r/the _ doofus / , please . 
  let me guess ... you come from hamburg or munich ? 
  because these are always mentioned as the `` beautiful , hip cities '' . 
  if not ... well , then you have even less rights to insult other cities . 
  berlin and k\u00f6ln both are beautiful places in their own way . 
  thats not how it works . 
  the building is the building . 
  it housing a bundestag is still a fairly recent thing . 
  i don \u00b4 t think you quite understand the history of that building nor its significance for german history . 
  its a symbol for the progress of german democracy and also for its failure . 
  you don \u00b4 t just rename such a building because why not . 
  she shouldn \u00b4 t be looking down at the institution , even if she does . 
  because that institution could get rid of her at any point . 
   it 's partly an indirect consequence of our current flag being the same as it was under franco ( save the coat of arms ) . 
  well , you could also adopt the flag of second spanish republic , at least in colors . 
  that flag is stylish . 
  how to understand it : this is a message to the german people , because we have upcoming federal elections . 
  trump is hated by almost everyone in germany and merkel once again uses her position as chancellor to spread her messages to the electorate ( because the media eat that up ) . 
  its a known method , not much different from how erdogan for example wins elections . 
  use external enemies to your advantage . 
  meanwhile , there will be no real changes ( like , exiting nato ) . 
  merkel is a member of the usa-friendly atlantic-bridge , an organization that promotes close ties between germany and the usa . 
  she simply has to wait until trump is gone . 
  keep in mind that much of northern europe was likely still frozen at this point . 
  as the ice melted away , the seas did rise up to claim low land . 
  a process which took thousands of years . 
  the lang-bridge to britain was lost around 6500 bce . 
  the rest of [ doggerland ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/doggerland ) sank around 5000 bce . 
  there also is the theory that there was a mega-tsunami around 6200 bce , caused by the storegga slides : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/storegga_slide, 
   man , ~ ~ we ~ ~ the netherlands were hella thicc back then, 
  germany bad . 
  nato bad . 
  eu bad . 
  russia good . 
  lol , this thread . 
  everything is downvoted . 
  a good change . 
  we don \u00b4 t need outbreaks of serious diseases that were already as good as defeated . 
   but why ? 
  so its harder to get the pill , because women apparently are not allowed to decide if they want kids or not . 
  if you believe the catholic zealots that is . 
  the question is , why . 
  usually , the advantage of the ruling prime minister is that he/she can promise stability . 
  but may can \u00b4 t do that , because brexit is coming up . 
  may also can \u00b4 t really use her work as prime minister to her advantage . 
  because she has been caretaker pm for a very short time . 
  its hard to say with the fptp bs system , because this poll is on the national level , but fptp essentially creates local elections . 
  as long as the tories are the bigger party , i would guess they have the advantage in the local elections as well . 
  but with the rising labour polls , labour getting annihilated ( which seemed likely if you looked at the polls after may announced the elections ) seems very unlikely now . 
  its fun to watch this . 
  world class entertainment . 
  german elections are sooo boring in comparison . 
   but here no party makes grand theories on what the government should or should n't do yes , there are . 
  right wing liberal parties in europe also want less state interference , be it in the economy or in the peoples personal lives . 
  our german fdp is a very good example for this . 
  i think this is really the best way to sum up the political spectrum . 
  in the corners you have the political extremes - communist as left-authoritarian , fascist for right-authoritarian , libertarian for right-liberal and anarchist for left-liberal . 
  just because a certain part of the spectrum is weaker in one part of the world compared with another part of the world doesn \u00b4 t mean its not valid . 
  in europe , the left-authoritarian part is traditionally stronger compared with the us , while the right-libertarian part is weaker .
