  now that does n't mean i ca n't be cynical already about our political system . 
  do n't get me wrong , i am a member of a party , but i see how frustrating it is for many people . 
  why exactly ? 
  oh , i know more than enough about my countries history . 
  thats why it is so important to be extra careful with deportations , of course . 
  i am studying political science in university right now as my secondary subject , and parties are a major topic . 
  i don \u00b4 t want to get rid of parties , even though they are a tremendously flawed construct ( you can read up on it , for example : das eherne gesetz der oligarchie von robert michels , very interesting ) . 
  i simply want to make the current party system more fluid and democratic . 
  thats always the argument used for the 5 % barrier . 
  however , i think this argument is faulty , even if a few 1 % parties would win 1 or 2 delegates . 
  after the next elections , there will likely be 6 parties in parliament ( 7 if you count the csu ) , so fragmentation can happen regardless . 
  the barrier as a stability mechanism is useless , more important is a democratic culture and worldview ( which was the key thing missing in the weimar republic ) . 
  no barrier would encourage more democratic engagement . 
  currently , if you are voting for a small party that might represent your opinion better , you are simply wasting your vote . 
  the barrier practically forces you to vote for an established party . 
  even if you don \u00b4 t want to get rid entirely of the barrier , it should be decreased to 2 - 3 % . 
  otherwise , something like last elections can happen , where fdp and afd both had nearly 5 % , so more than 10 % of votes were wasted ( which leaves voters unhappy and is undemocratic ) . 
  ah , salty , salty right wing tears . 
  thanks austria for choosing sanity !, 
   yeah , a chancellor primarily has to be charismatic ... feelz  realz no , he/she has to be both realistic and charismatic . 
   people either join parties and be politically engaged or stop moaning ? 
  shaking things up for the sake of shaking things up is one of the worst ideas one can come up with . 
  it is doubtful you can still move things in the current parties . 
  lets not be this arrogant . 
  why not risk some more democracy ? 
  one of my favorite mottos of a chancellor . 
  i don \u00b4 t care - if they get enough votes , their voters should get represented , even if they only get one delegate . 
  as i said , the 5 % barrier is antidemocratic . 
  the only reason to keep it up is a doubt in democracy . 
  well . 
  the majority opinion can be wrong too , history has shown it plenty of times . 
  but yeah , lets not get into a fight . 
  does that mean if i order a wiener schnitzel in austria now , i get two for the prize of one ? 
  sweet !, 
  it is her party . 
  it should be in the interest of the party leader to have a strong crop of politicians who can pick up the leadership after the time of the current party leader is over . 
  she won elections last time because people inexplicably liked her failed greece-euro policies . 
  she increases our global leadership role ? 
  germany has as many enemies as never before since world war ii and the eu is at the brink of falling apart . 
  this all happened under her leadership !, 
  it is beyond me how people can ignore this . 
  none of her governments have had any real reforms , projects , visions for this country . 
  but she always manages to shift the blame to her government partner . 
  so the spd fell apart in the 2009 elections , just like the fdp in the 2013 elections . 
   why should she create the rivalries and infighting plaguing many other parties when she has great chances to win the next election ? 
  its part of a healthy political culture to have debates and `` infighting '' . 
  no party should be led like a dictatorship . 
  she has great chances to win the next elections because germans like stability . 
  not because of her `` great '' work so far . 
  getting rid of the 5 % barrier can breath new life into the political system , as it allows smaller parties to get seats as well . 
  its only real purpose is to cement the position of power of the current parties , so why not get rid of it ? 
  its not the 1930s anymore , and as we can see with the afd , the 5 % barrier does not keep radical parties out of the parliament anymore . 
  as if cdu/csu are problem free . 
  whats their alternative to merkel ? 
  they don \u00b4 t have one . 
  btw , merkel also does the `` paid access '' scheme : http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/angela-merkel-tafelte-mit-parteispendern-a-1124222.html and lets not forget the cdu-spendenskandal , in which various cdu politicians were involved ( like , sch\u00e4uble ) . 
  problem is merkels style of politics . 
  she is like a sleeping-pill that kills all charisma . 
  she is the one who destroyed all the alternatives in her own party and the one who created the afd by moving the cdu to the left in key areas ( which is a move to take away voters from the spd and the greens of course ) . 
  to bring more life into german politics , i would propose two things : limit the terms of the chancellor ( 2-3 terms max ) and get rid of the 5 % barrier ( which is really undemocratic and not needed to stabilize the system anymore ) . 
  there is really no reason to vote for merkel , besides `` all stays as it is '' . 
  and even that is a lie . 
   in particular it has very low unemployment the numbers are artificially kept low . 
  also , there is a huge group of people who can \u00b4 t live with income from their job who get state support regardless . 
  anyone from spd who is not gabriel or part of the seeheimer circle . 
  i guess being 25 % hungarian shows some influence sometimes . 
  i am not one of those people who thinks there are no alternatives to merkel . 
  i am just saying that gabriel is no alternative . 
  we gib money , you gib spicy paprika in exchange . 
  yes , she does n't . 
  but neither has gabriel ... 
  if he candidates as chancellor , its over for the spd . 
  they may very well be from mars for most other germans as well . 
  maybe we should split germany up : bavaria and baw\u00fc go into a union with austria , the rest with the nordics . 
  hm ... too bad i live in the middle ( but more to the south ) . 
  also , the south is wealthier and has a stronger economy than the north ... 
  [ unlimited powah !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e_dqv1xdf-y ) nothing less is acceptable !, 
  i see a victory of hofer coming . 
  somehow , i have this bad feeling about this election . 
  last time was already close . 
  * social democrat . 
  germany can into nordics if eu fails , please ? 
  you can \u00b4 t simply send back someone who has applied for asylum . 
  their application has to be checked first . 
  its obvious : - all the bureaucratic conditions have to be fulfilled - the asylum has to be denied , the asylum-seeker has the option to go to court etc. 
  - also missing legal documents ... - the country has to accept the people back , especially if they are criminal or if legal documents are missing - often a key problem - most of the time , asylum seekers will get deported via public flights , which if often problematic , because the deportees will try to delay or cancel the departure of the flight ( by simulating some illness for example ) the deportation process as many problems . 
  you can \u00b4 t simply ignore those problems , since we live in a country with human rights , where human dignity is the core of our constitution in the first 6 months of 2016 , not even 12.000 people were deported . 
  so to deport 12.000 at once is indeed a huge accomplishment . 
  the message of course that germany is ready to deport people who are not genuine refugees . 
  in this case , probably a good idea to keep those dollars ... 
  its the absolute number that counts in this case . 
  deportations are slow and difficult ( because of human rights , obviously ) , so 12.000 at the same time is not easy to do and indeed massive for deportations . 
  also , the message that is being send is important . 
  i could say the same to you . 
  but sure : you want them to deport 100.000 people at once , right ? 
  that is very realistic ... stay in your dream land . 
  yes , 12.000 people , quite a massive number for a deportation . 
  beware of the glue !, 
   why is renzi against it ?
