  oh right . 
  because a politician saying who he would prefer is the same as hacking a party to create a scandal . 
  and then denying it . 
  because she is a coward ? 
  its always great to hear these stories . 
  although in some sense the hoards are already here , if you go by the hoards of chinese and japanese tourists in the city . 
  :-d b\u00fcdingen is very close to where i live . 
  a small town but also very worthy of a visit , it has a nice medieval old-town and outer wall ( with the amazing [ ` jerusalem gate ' ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/ec/buedingen_untertor1.jpg ) ), 
  in comparison with smaller towns . 
  of course there are other cities that are bigger in this category , berlin certainly comes to mind, 
  this is only because of the sheer size of those cities . 
  according to the gawc world city ranking , frankfurt is the only world city in the alpha category in germany : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/globalization_and_world_cities_research_network, 
  well , some people are into things like clubs , discos etc. 
  frankfurt and the rhein-main area is one of the big economic centers in germany with services being most important . 
  so i am not sure what you base your assessment on . 
  frankfurt already is a huge center for services . 
  i personally wouldn \u00b4 t. 
  every city has its own charm . 
  i love frankfurt . 
  it may not be the most interesting city to visit as a tourist compared with the ones you named , but to live there is great . 
  very central . 
  biggest german airport very close . 
  many jobs available . 
  very active cultural-life as well as night-life . 
  how is ludwigshafen comparable with frankfurt ? 
  ludwigshafen is a butt-ugly place , one of the ugliest i have seen in germany ( no offence meant to people living there , they will probably agree with me ) . 
  frankfurt definitely isn \u00b4 t. 
  frankfurt is one of the biggest cities in germany and a very international city , a great place to live really . 
  i already live in a town nearby , so there would be no point to move to a different town nearby ... 
  bankfurt for the win seriously though , this likely means housing prices in frankfurt will explode even more ... which is bad news if you want to move there in a a few years : - /, 
  stupid tourists . 
  all-inclusive in greece doesn \u00b4 t cover the entire greek island . 
  it covers all of greece / s, 
  there is also right wing terrorism . 
  just a few days ago a right wing terrorist was arrested in germany . 
  last year , 9 people died in munich by the hands of a man who adorded anders brevik , another right wing terrorist . 
  not to mention the nsu , a right-wing terrorist group in germany that was active until 2011 . 
  but i guess as long as is it aimed against migrants , its not terrorism , right ? 
  well , no terrorism outside of islamist terrorism exists or ever existed . 
  maybe its because your group of the south african population ruled with an apartheid regime for a very long time ? 
  getting taught over generations that you are better and superior can sure have an impact on the views of people, 
  yeah , it was the right-wing neocon us government that invaded iraq and made everything worse . 
  thanks for that !, 
  it was conservative parties that helped hitler to pass the erm\u00e4chtigungsgesetz . 
  the conservative forces also were responsible for destroying the last spd-led government of preu\u00dfen . 
  the left was weak in weimar times overall when compared with the right . 
  they didn \u00b4 t destroy anything really , all the destruction came from the right . 
  the only thing they have to blame them self is that they didn \u00b4 t unite , but that would have probably played into the cards of the right as well , as they could have discretited the social democrats even more . 
  red scare was a mighty weapon for the right even back then . 
  red scare is one of the reasons for hitlers rise to power . 
  indeed . 
  quality work . 
  well , who defines what is realistic and not . 
  there is more than one way to do things in many cases . 
  trying to paint one way the the only way in accordance to realpolitik is just trying to delegitimize alternative thoughts and policies . 
  people who claim to be realists also have ideologies behind their actions , everyone has a certain ideological background , even if they deny it or don \u00b4 t know for themself . 
  in this case , its liberalism . 
  because that ideology is the ruling ideology ( even though it seems it is threatened by fascism in recent years ) , so anything other than that will be named unrealistic instantly . 
  as far as austerity goes , for germany , i don \u00b4 t think it is right , because realistically , germanys economy will start to shrink in the future , when our population goes down due to the low-birthrates . 
  so investment in families as well as critical infrastructure would be very wise , now that we still have a strong economy and financial situation . 
  the interest rate is very low or even negative , now is the best time to take more debt for investment . 
  austerity = `` realpolitik '' ? 
  austerity is pure ideology as well . 
  if we would look at the historical example of the great depression , we know already that it does not work . 
   the point is though that they do not have access to such money though . 
  what they essentially were saying was simply that the eu creditor countries should just finance such deficit spending . 
  well , yes , as well as another debt-cut . 
  this would have allowed the economy to maybe start growing again , instead of basically stagnating . 
  you know what helped the west german economy after world war 2 ? 
  that the western allies were benevolent and that they stopped taking machinery away as war-reparations ( different from the russians ) . 
  and also that they set-up the marshall-plan as a means that european countries could grow the economy again . 
  they did not force germany into austerity to pay reparations . 
  they could have very well done that , would have been more in line with how they behaved after world war 1 . 
  we know how that ended though ...  and what syriza pulled was not even more humiliating for greece ? 
  the greek govenrmetn through what was essentially a temper tantrum . 
  what they did after the referendum was as humiliating as the former governments actions , sure . 
  more humiliating , i don \u00b4 t know , its basically the same course of action at this point . 
   are elections magic ? 
  no , they are not . 
  but they are also not pointless . 
  elections are the political manifestation of the will of the people , which is of highest importance in a democracy after all . 
  syriza could have ended the membership in the eurozone . 
  this would have probably meant the bankcrupcy of greece , but if we are being honest , greece is already bankrupt . 
  at least in this case , greece would have had the chance to restructure freely . 
  with the way things are going now , greece will probably remain in the same state for 20 years or more . 
  what a perspective . 
  they were saying that they thought austerity is wrong and that investing some money into the economy would probably be the better idea . 
  which is the case , if you follow the state of the greek economy . 
  austerity is not working here and insisting on its continuation will just prolong the pain . 
  the negotiations crashed temporarily , but they restarted once again . 
  putting a definite end to the negotiations would have been reckless . 
  the referendum wasn \u00b4 t pointless , because it gave the greek people a way to express their will . 
   maybe they wanted to shake things up , but they did not have any proper plans on how to do it , there was no constructive planscoming from syriza they had plans to leave the euro in case the eu wouldn \u00b4 t budge , but as i said , tsipras chose not to go through with it . 
  as i said , at least they tried . 
  the former government was just serving the will of the eu & the imf without any argument . 
  also no constructive ideas and even worse , humiliating for greece , a country already laying on the ground . 
  we can be glad so far that the golden dawn has not profited from syrizas failure . 
  syriza was elected with the mission to change the situation for greece . 
  that is democracy . 
  i know sch\u00e4uble said that elections don \u00b4 t matter , but they do .
