  of course not . 
  we need to privatize the autobahn , because they are waaaay to expensive to maintain ... 
  instead , lets invest in the army !, 
  cause that will surely do some good !, 
  ** `` we send the eu 350 million pounds a week - let \u00b4 s fund our * nhs * instead '' ** said [ no-one ] ( http://cdn.konbini.com/wp-content/blogs.dir/4/files/2016/06/farage-1-480x279.jpg ) ever . 
  don \u00b4 t worry about it . 
  they will all come to switzerland . 
  currently the greens are struggling in polls to even reach 8 % . 
   also past state elections show that the numbers are reliable . 
  except in 2005 , when the projection estimated 41 % for the cdu ... and the result was 35,2 % . 
  that was even beyond the error margin . 
  unlikely , unless the party splits up again ( which is not completely out of question ) . 
  right , we are electing parties , but we elect parties on the premise that the candidate of this party becomes chancellor . 
   how is he not is party ? 
  can you make him responsible for all the government-work of the spd in the fast 20 years ? 
  of course not . 
  he wasn \u00b4 t part of these governments nor the leader of the spd . 
  he is not his party and his wasn \u00b4 t and isn \u00b4 t part of the government . 
  his advantage , i guess . 
  ;-) also , in such a government , you have to make many compromises . 
  especially as the minor partner . 
  but the union is campaigning for weeks now as well . 
  i think there is more too it than that . 
  with schulz , the spd now has a face again that can represent an alternative to merkel . 
  as for the fdp , yes , of course . 
  there are many differences , just like with the left . 
  compromises can be made after the elections , that is always possible . 
  or not , in which case no coalition will be formed . 
  everything is in flow . 
  a spd-green-fdp coalition is also not completely impossible , and the new numbers by the forschungsgruppe wahlen about the political atmosphere should definitely worry the cdu : http://www.wahlrecht.de/umfragen/politbarometer/stimmung.htm there is no way to be certain whats gon na happen . 
  rrg is one relatively unlikely scenario of many . 
  he is campaigning as a social democrat . 
  nothing weird nor anti-establishment about it . 
  schulz is a right-wing candidate in the spd , so if he has any other choice than choosing the left as a coalition partner , its safe to assume he will take the other choice . 
  both parties do not particularly like each other as well , and there are many differences . 
  it is fair to attack him , if you disagree with his stance against the left . 
  what is not fair : saying that it will be his only hope to form a government . 
  because that is definitely not certain yet . 
  again , no . 
  you can say this when the election is over and if this situations happens . 
  until then , there are plenty other ways schulz could win . 
  he is attacking it ? 
  nope . 
  he wants corrections . 
  he doesn \u00b4 t want to destroy the agenda 2010 , he wants to make some adjustments . 
  and thats completely in line with the official spd line . 
  you are trying to paint a black/white picture where you either have to be completely for it or completely against it , but reality is more complex than that . 
  schulz is not `` throwing buzzwords '' , thats cdu/csu . 
  schulz has named a few problems he wants to tackle . 
  while cdu/csu is denying the existence of any problems ( as usual ) . 
  the economic effects of the agenda are controversial , amongst economists as well . 
  and why is that ? 
  can \u00b4 t have anything to do with the dreaded minimum-wage that the cdu/csu fought against for so long , can it ? 
  sacred cow ? 
  what a joke . 
  the reforms are still controversial amongst a huge part of the population and there are many issues with it . 
  its only a `` sacred cow '' for employer-lobby-organizations . 
  schulz found exactly the right spot to attack . 
  its not the same . 
  k\u00f6ttbullar would be the equivalent of fleischb\u00e4llchen . 
  microsoft has far less power these days when compared to google for example . 
  google is the company that should be broken up , not only has google the monopoly on the search market , it also has monopolies in the smartphone-os market and browser market . 
  microsoft only has a monopoly in a market that has lost much of its importance . 
   not caring about the needs of users is equally a problem for corporations , with `` my way or highway '' approach to captive market ( observe windows 8 neither-tablet-nor-pc abomination with no option to choose interface or have it adapt to hardware ) yeah , and this is why windows 8 failed in the market and why microsoft has a different approach with windows 10 ( taking in user feedback etc. ) . 
   open means free , normal people care about that if other things are equal free and open are not necessarily connected , microsoft basically gave away windows 10 for free . 
  closed source systems can also be freeware . 
   but `` never '' is clearly wrong - just ask ibm about glorious 100 % dominant mainframe-specific oses from 1970s ( your username may be relevant ) . 
  servers are very different from pcs . 
   fragmentation does not matter if interoperability is good enough ( see : android ) . 
  android is a single os , which has multiple versions in the market at the same time , due to the manufacturers not updating their phones . 
  and this actually is problematic and one of the most voiced concerns with android . 
   same reason linux is nowhere near in popularity where it should be - nobody advertises linux . 
  or maybe its because : 1 . 
  normal people don \u00b4 t care if the software is open source or not . 
  they care if it works and if it works in the way that they are used to . 
  the linux community has hundreds of subdivisions and different linux distributions , creating a cluttered mess of a `` linux ecosystem '' 3 . 
  the linux community doesn \u00b4 t care much for the need of end users - they care more for their ideological differences . 
  three reasons the year of the linux desktop will never come . 
  linux can only be successful where there is no end-user contact ( like servers ) or when there is a big company like google who takes control and creates a product for end-users on the base of linux ( which is almost as bad as microsoft in the end ) . 
  at least you won \u00b4 t die of starvation . 
  thats something , i guess . 
  also , you can built a dyke out of cheese sandwiches . 
  we will take the dykes , but we will leave you the cheese sandwich , okay ? 
  if both are possible , this decision could make the greens implode . 
  you got miroslav klose and lukas podolski in the national football team * - thats something !, 
  * not anymore , of course . 
  they will sit next to you , but won \u00b4 t want to have anything to do with you . 
  because you think the eu is the 4th reich , duh . 
  you obviously have no idea what socialism is really about . 
  socialism rejects nationalism , because nations are obsolete constructions in socialist theory , as the capitalist system dissolves them over time anyway . 
  thats why socialism is internationalistic . 
  what you are talking about is a twisted version of national-socialism or fascism , which is an inherently extreme conservative ideology . 
  this just in : nigel farage blames germany for his smelly breath . 
  / s also , we germans go around in england and eat new-born babies , its true . 
  young people flee from there because all the jobs are in the west . 
  ~ ~ europe ~ ~ poland has a bigger pollution problem than the us, 
  ** tl ; dr and translation : ** the police opened investigations against a frankfurt based barkeeper . 
  he is accused of creating a fake-story about a sex-mob consisting of refugees that allegedly molested women on new years eve in his bar in the fressgass , a street with many restaurants and bars in frankfurt/main . 
  apparently , the barkeeper is close to afd and pegida . 
  also , the main witness of the alleged sex-mob , a women named irina a. , wasn \u00b4 t even in germany on new years eve .
