  its really astounding how some people can be this delusional and in denial of reality . 
  how delusional are you people . 
  trump is destroying the us unless he is impeached soon . 
  the damage he has done in merely 2 weeks is astounding . 
  the basis of the wealth and power of the us is that is is connected with the world , cutting the connections will make them poor . 
  proposing such policies for our own country is even more crazy , we depend on exports so much that any protectionism would be a disaster . 
  you sure are good at proposing dictatorship though . 
  i am sure the afd , the new nsdap light , would not disappoint you ( but they will never win of course ) . 
  fascism , it just works . 
   he also has to make sure die linke do n't go apeshit crazy & start bashing nato while in government . 
  that problem might solve itself if trump continues in the current `` fucking-things-up '' pace . 
  sure , there might be a small number , but this is not the core `` target group '' of schulz . 
  unless he denounces the agenda 2010 and admits it was a mistake , i don \u00b4 t see many voters of the left moving back to the spd . 
  i wouldn necessarily say that die linke would get hit too hard . 
  schulz is part of the spd establishment , he draws more votes from the greens and the cdu then from the left . 
  good to see that they picked a candidate who isn \u00b4 t a 3rd way social-democrate . 
  valls would be hollande all over again . 
  macron isn \u00b4 t part of his party though . 
  valls might hope for a job in macro \u00b4 s cabinet . 
  even if he agrees with macron more , its still something very treacherous to do and also disrespectful to his own party and the members who voted for hamon . 
  even if he doesn \u00b4 t agree with hamon , he doesn \u00b4 t have to actively fight against him . 
   and valls has said he might endorse macron . 
  isn \u00b4 t that an incredible treachery to his own party ? 
  typical 3rd way `` social-democrat '' . 
  [ totally accurate picture of mount olympos . 
  i would say the first west chain ends in germany . 
  germans don \u00b4 t flee west , they either go north or south . 
  not really . 
  more like the opposite . 
  i would say the quintessential castle is [ carcassonne ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cit\u00e9_de_carcassonne ) . 
  no its not . 
  please point out the progress the union has made in the last 5 years or so . 
  nothing really substantial . 
  that 's the point , the process is stuck now and the union is not moving forward anymore . 
  not really , what i am talking about is forming a federal state, 
  imho , italy would be one of the first states that might join later . 
  problem is the economy . 
  italy is having to many problems staying in the euro right now . 
  change is inevitable . 
  how that change will look like , we will see . 
  the current organization of the eu is clearly not healthy . 
  i could see it going into four directions : 1 . 
  the eu falls apart completely and is replaced by local alliances . 
  this is the worst case . 
  could bring back wars to europe in the long run and also would make the european nations easy prey for russia , the us and china . 
  the eu doesn \u00b4 t fall apart , but it is heavily scaled back to a much looser union . 
  the nation states get more power , basically the eu gets relegated to things like trade . 
  federalize into a european superstate . 
  most unlikely , because of the growing nationalism . 
  forming a `` core '' federalized eu state with many associated states , which might join over time ( when deemed ready ) . 
  i think this might be my preferred option , with france and germany being the obvious founding states , maybe belgium , luxemburg and austria also could be founding members . 
  verhofstadt would want option 3 of course . 
  but i just don \u00b4 t see it happening , even with the mad us-president . 
  nice video . 
  after all , this is the most important fact , no matter what we believe , we are all humans . 
  no , island . 
  that would be way funnier . 
  the brigaders ? 
  many of them are americans , which is no wonder . 
  after all , this is an american website . 
  so when a thread of / r/europe / hits front page , they come swarming in ... 
  this is just another brigaded thread . 
  in a `` normal '' thread the optimists are more prevalent . 
  if china decides to nuke switzerland tomorrow , will the empty void that is the former swiss territory become a part of the eu ? 
  curious question ... it will be a very different switzerland . 
  sure , but the candidate is important for the decision . 
  after all , the election does decide who becomes chancellor , so you do n't want to give a vote for a party who has a candidate who you see as incompetent or unfit for the job in general . 
  yes , germany has a general obligation to support israel . 
  though there might be a point where a line is drawn , if israel would prepare an aggressive war against a neighbor , that would be such a case ( just as an example ) . 
  and i am absolutely standing up for the existence of israel as well . 
  it is essential . 
  but what also is essential : international law and human right . 
  i guess it depends if schulz repeats steinbr\u00fccks bad election run ( he used every possible opportunity to embarrass himself ) . 
  oh , sure . 
  lets look at a map of europe and the big number of possible `` land routes '' to europe . 
  hint : there are none that are actually useful . 
  neither you nor trump speak for all americans . 
  you won \u00b4 t shut up the opposition like this . 
  america is not a 100 % fascist country yet . 
   that you are painting them as such extremists shows an anti-semitic double standard . 
  of course , i must be anti-semitic because i dare to criticize israels government . 
  netanjahu may not be ultra-religious himself , but his government wouldn \u00b4 t work without the ultra religious parties , their influence is huge . 
  and its getting bigger . 
   germany aggressively invaded poland , it 's not the same at all . 
  israel and palestine do not have a border between them . 
  it 's a disputed territory . 
  stop lying . 
  this is not disputed territory . 
  israel occupied the west bank from jordan . 
  they annexed eastern jerusalem , an illegal annexation as ruled by the un security council . 
  its common that the right trolls brigade threads like this one . 
  just ignore them . 
  its called brigading and its a favorite `` weapon '' of the the_donald trolls . 
  remember , they need to `` enlighten '' europe next . 
  a land route ? 
  nice trolling there . 
   reducing the debt is the best investment in the future possible . 
  not when you just postpone investments to future generations . 
  if the roads break down now because there are no investments , future generations will have debt anyway because the roads need to be fixed . 
  no one should try to justify this .
