  he was neither french , nor german , nor belgian . 
  again , he was a frank . 
  french identity/language later formed from the franks and the local romanized population of gaul . 
   here 's a analysis of the subject . 
  trying to counter a right wing troll with facts and scientific analysis won \u00b4 t work . 
  they are immune to it . 
  ah yes . 
  some foreign military is trying to attack the country ? 
  of course everyone who defends the country is a xenophobic racist . 
  because today , military isn \u00b4 t a thing apparently in liberal western states . 
  gosh , you people are strange . 
  not everything is about your stupid anti `` political correctness '' crusade . 
  see it that way : these people are desperate . 
  they will try anything . 
  that they are desperate is a good sign . 
  but yes , since a few days , this sub is heavily brigaded , more than normally . 
  i can \u00b4 t think of a worse german arsehole from the era of the german empire . 
  i mean wilhelm ii was really bad , but he never directly committed a genocide like this guy . 
  thats weird . 
  you don \u00b4 t normally translate brand names . 
  in germany its kfc . 
  that look in merkels face ... talk about awkward encounters . 
  socialism was never meant as a system to industrialize a society . 
  it never had a chance to not fall behind . 
  though it didn \u00b4 t help that the soviets overstretched them self militarily . 
  the child comments are still there . 
  what you are describing is the end of the road for the capitalistic system . 
  yes , thats a very probable scenario . 
  but , will it mean the implosion of the west ? 
  i am not so sure . 
  it all depends how we continue on in the future . 
  stagnation , yes , most likely . 
  but the west is basically stagnating since the 1970s , as you said , so i don \u00b4 t see why this is that big of a problem for countries like china . 
  wealth doesn \u00b4 t just come from technology . 
  it also requires resources . 
  the wealth of the west is based on both , we were the first with advanced technology thus we could conquer most of the world , thus giving the western states the infinite amount of resources they needed - for a time . 
  then the west committed its first suicide in world war 1 . 
  now , the west has technology , but it doesn \u00b4 t have the resources . 
  not because they are out of reach , because this world doesn \u00b4 t provide an infinite amount of resources . 
  infinite growth is impossible . 
  if you accept that simple truth , you know that our current economic system is finished . 
  stagnation suddenly is the most healthy option there is . 
  having a stake in society and wealth can be done in a stagnating economy . 
  yes . 
  history happened . 
  human rights exist for a reason . 
  democracy was adopted for a reason . 
  why do some people think they can undo history or think its wise to undo it ? 
  the west is no longer in the position it once had . 
  it is at stake and trump is a big threat to western civilization , which is defined by values , not by whiteness of skin . 
  although , lets put it as it is , trump isn \u00b4 t the threat , its the people who are behind him . 
  trump has no ideology , the real threat are people like bannon . 
  realistically , the west will be of lesser importance in the world of the future , and there is nothing we can do about it , if you don \u00b4 t want to destroy the rest of the world . 
  with economic and military power diminishing , what remains is the core - democracy and the human rights . 
  this is what sets the west apart from china , for example . 
  two things trump doesn \u00b4 t care for in the least bit . 
  weimar republic is seen as a tragic failure , because it led to hitler . 
  its still a very important milestone for all german democrats , after all , its the first german republic and parliamentary ( in part at least ) democracy . 
  the problem that most people don \u00b4 t really take into consideration though when talking about weimar is that the majority of the population really didn \u00b4 t support democracy . 
  what was lacking was a fundamental democratic mindset . 
  people often mostly talk about the errors in the construction of weimar , but any democracy without a democratic population has a hard time surviving . 
  so , you are saying that what i wrote was a whataboutism ? 
  well , maybe . 
  but / u/roiben / did the first whataboutism by bringing in terrorist attacks into the discussion , which revolved around the rule of law and solidarity in the eu . 
  you want to be in the eu and collect funds ? 
  fine . 
  that also means that you have certain obligations . 
  supporting fellow member states in a crisis that threatens the stability of these countries is such a case . 
  if you don \u00b4 t want to help and keep true to the obligations , leave the eu . 
  you mean like the death of the people who try to come to europe in their boats ? 
  because `` let them drown '' is heralded around here as the ultimate solution to the refugee crisis . 
  on people who advocate murder , i spit as well . 
   yep . 
  of course , our economic recovery would also have been a lot faster . 
  banking is a catalyst for economic effects . 
  and the next crisis would have hit us even harder ...  ouch ... are you , by chance , from the former east ? 
  that 's a kind of paternalistic reasoning that leads to everyone driving the same trabant and wearing the same mao jacket , simply because some benevolent overlord decides what `` people ought to want '' . 
  was steve jobs from the former east too ? 
  because this is exactly his philosophy : people don \u00b4 t know what they want . 
  until you show them what they want . 
   actually , people have been attracted to technology because it became easier to use - which is a direct result of less stuff being able to break , because items were sturdier , because they were less tamperable . 
  being easier to use has absolutely nothing to do with being less repairable . 
  being less repairable has nothing to do with being more sturdy . 
   i suggest you start working on that , then , because i do n't see it . 
  not my job to do . 
  its the job of the technology companies , who have to adhere to laws and regulations . 
  if we didn \u00b4 t have rather conservative banking , the crisis of 2008 would have hit us even harder . 
  consumers don \u00b4 t know what they want . 
  they want what their neighbor or colleague has and while yes , being `` shiney '' plays a role , no-one buys a phone because it isn \u00b4 t repairable . 
  if you treat people like consuming sheep ( which is the sort of way apple is thinking ) , they never will get to know technology . 
  how do you expect people who don \u00b4 t know anything about technology to create a business in the technology space ? 
  this is why education is very a important , a field in which europe and germany is lacking when it comes to it . 
  will people stop buying laptops/smartphones if they are repairable thanks to an eu regulation ? 
  no , they won \u00b4 t. 
  a laptop or smartphone doesn \u00b4 t have to be unattractive to be repairable . 
  there are ways to design a device to make it both attractive and repairable . 
  if you are a libertarian , maybe this viewpoint makes sense . 
  but thats ideology , not reality . 
  i would argue that its more related to infrastructure . 
  silicon valley has managed to become the center for it-companies , because this is where the it revolution started .
