  this is just as bad as any other nation who occupies territory and then tries to settle people there ( hint : germany did this for quite some time in poland back in the day , for example ) . 
  but what do you expect from an ultra-right ( also ultra-religious ) government such as the israeli one ... 
  of course thats the reason ... / s trump wants to destroy the eu . 
  he sees it as a tool to `` beat america in trade '' . 
  why should we be friendly with someone who is hostile ? 
  trumps biggest enemy is china . 
  directly behind that are germany and the eu . 
  no , i don \u00b4 t think so . 
  the grand coalition is seen as a necessary evil that no one really wants . 
  this is the one thing where i can agree with siggi , the austerity has really hurt the eu . 
  the funny thing is , people attribute the good economic situation in germany to merkel , but when the crisis of the eu is concerned , of course her policies ( and sch\u00e4ubles ) have nothing to do with it ... 
  problem is , the german economic school really supports austerity . 
  it is isolated on this , everywhere else the economists disagree with it . 
  yes , but they already were economically important after world war 1 as well ( not as extremely as after world war 2 , but very important ) . 
  they could have gone into isolation again , just like after world war 1 . 
  he was next in line , and he wasn \u00b4 t as unpopular back then . 
  i want to have a political system that lets ordinary people in as well , not only the elite . 
  there is more to being well educated then getting an abitur ( which is not very difficult anyway ) . 
  he changes positions on things every two days 2 . 
  his mannerisms ' , how he talks to people 3 . 
  he is associated with schr\u00f6ders neoliberal agenda 2010 , so he ca n't really stand for a fresh start in the spd 4 . 
  he led the party into another grand coalition . 
  belgium , your are next . 
  gib clay !, 
  #notarealcountry / s, 
  you are making my point . 
  both sanders and trump promised a change in economic policy . 
  clinton stood for a continuation of obamas policies , which brought economic growth , but not healthy growth . 
  `` its the economy , stupid '' - clinton should have known . 
  then why was trump elected ? 
  the economic growth of the us is not healthy . 
  unsustainable debt , the us has that as well . 
   a global power must be able to project power to all parts of the globe , they ca n't . 
  they can project economic power everywhere . 
  you shouldn \u00b4 t underestimate them , they are getting there . 
  the overwhelming military strength is based on the economic development of the us . 
  the usa are a nation in decline as of now , the former economic strength is getting weaker ( and trump won \u00b4 t help , sorry ) . 
  meanwhile , china and india are two countries with a rapid development . 
  its a multipolar world now . 
  i would say most of them are more liberal then left , though they are certainly more left then right . 
  china is still ruled by the communist party . 
  while it has a very much capitalistic economy in many instances , it also still has big state-owned companies . 
  the eu moving towards china politically ( dictatorship ) is not possible , because of the democracy . 
  people wouldn \u00b4 t accept it . 
  so this question is really not worth answering , cause its a very unlikely scenario . 
  i was never advocating a tilt towards chinas dictatorship . 
   what does this mean ? 
  name one thing trump is doing that isolates the us ? 
  retreating from tpp and ttip . 
  and `` america first '' . 
   in other words , they 're nation building at home thats the core of past isolationist periods in the us . 
   if you want to see the true nature of a state , see how it treats its own people . 
  the same argument can be used against the us . 
  nowhere are so many people in jail . 
  the us also still has the death sentence , just like china . 
  because that is not something that can be omitted . 
  freedom of movement is a core value . 
  if we give the uk a special treaty , how can we justify it to norway or switzerland ? 
  it would open the box of pandora . 
  that would be great , but there is too much conflict in the eu right now . 
  we need a big eu reform , but i doubt it is possible right now . 
   holy shit , that gabriel guy only wins in his own party by 3 points against merkel !, 
  i don \u00b4 t know anyone who likes him . 
  not really . 
  its theresa may who wants the hard brexit . 
  she also wants to use trumps support to bargain ( blackmail ) the eu into , i guess so that she can get a free trade agreement fast . 
  thats way too oversimplified . 
   how the fuck does this change anything ? 
  schulz is no different !, 
  for starters , he is not hated in the population . 
   he is a career politician just like gabriel everyone in the spd is . 
  shocking !, 
  i was really sure gabriel was delusional enough to try this himself ... guess he is not 100 % detached from reality yet . 
  of course we should try to exploit all possible alternatives . 
  but seeing that trump sees china as an enemy and considering the importance of china as a market , we should probably try to intensify trade with them . 
  doubling down on isreal by moving the embassy to jerusalem and supporting the illegal settlements ? 
  wow . 
  talking about being tough on isis ? 
  big talk . 
  far more important is the cancellation of tpp , which means that the usa withdraw from the pacific region in economic terms . 
  combine that with `` america first , america first '' , the talk about nato being obsolete - the us is moving into the isolationist direction again . 
  you must be a true , faithful trump supporter if you really think that anything he does will `` arrest the degradation of the us middle class '' - he will accelerate it in the long term . 
   it 's quite baffling to see people advocating for aligning with the world 's largest repressive , authoritarian state because the us elected someone they do n't like . 
  i thought that human rights and freedoms were an eu priority ? 
  i could say the same to you and ask about russia . 
  aligning with china is a good way to give trump and his `` divide and conquer '' attempts the finger . 
   anyone who believes that the us , the world 's preeminent economic , air , naval , and nuclear power , is going to sink back to being a `` regional power '' in the near future is truly delusional . 
  things can change . 
  the us is not as stable as in the past . 
  its a multipolar world now . 
  the people in the us are war-weary as well . 
  what good is that big military if its not used ? 
  waste of money . 
  the days of the us as the world policemen are over . 
  the nuclear weapons are a guarantee that no one will attack the us , nothing more . 
  la multi ani , romania !, 
  europe ( and the us ) has worked with china for years . 
  the dictatorship has not been an obstacle there so far , at least not since tianamen . 
  no , not because trump has different values . 
  because he is a completely deranged man who sees the eu , so far the closest ally of the us , as an enemy .
