  we forgive you . 
  don \u00b4 t you want mr. `` gescheiterte ministererlaubnis wegen befangenheit '' gabriel as chancellor ? 
  but germany gave the * blanko scheck * to austria , lets not overlook that little detail ... 
  and they have most of the oil , which would make a war very expensive . 
  most of her `` good '' actions were reactions to certain things . 
  for example , she only did the energiewende after fukushima . 
  before fukushima , she actually prolonged the life of the nuclear reactors , she was very much pro-nuclear power . 
  after fukushima it was clear that the green party would greatly profit from it , so she quickly turned around and started energiewende , because she feared she might loose her power . 
  this is my issue with her . 
  only administrating and reacting to events isn \u00b4 t enough in the long run . 
  also , things like energiewende are good ideas , but poorly executed . 
  the same goes for willkommenskultur . 
  if you do something like that , you need a concept how you want to integrate all these people . 
  she clearly did not have one last year , and i have my doubts she has one now . 
  as so often , she speaks many words without actually saying much . 
  its her specialty . 
  willkommenskultur was already slowly reversed over time , with merkel not admitting it was wrong and still saying she endorses it . 
  i doubt there will be any meaningful changes , but i am also not sure if changes are needed . 
  i am convinced that some attacks would have happened with or without willkommenskultur . 
  it really didn \u00b4 t change much in that regard , germany had several failed attempts of terrorists attacks long before the refugees arrived . 
  yep . 
  this is what merkel absolutely can \u00b4 t do . 
  in fact , the `` willkommenskultur '' has been slowly reversed over the last few months already . 
  but she would never admit that she was wrong ( note : i am not saying she was wrong . 
  in contrary , i think this was the only real good action in her whole reign ), 
  they have . 
  deflation . 
  sure , but china & russia are authoritarian states . 
  does europe really want to fall into one line with these states ? 
  the international principles like human rights and the refugee convention were installed for a reason , because people had learned from previous experience in two world wars ... if no one follows them they are worthless , so i think europe should try to go forward with a good example . 
  most important to western society are our values . 
  human rights are a deep part of that . 
  and the us , well ... i think that is an era we all would like to forget . 
  bushs stupid war in iraq is responsible for much of the mess we have in this region now . 
   so just make it a crime to apply for asylum if you do n't need it thats not how it works . 
  it would be against international principles , because everyone has the right to apply for asylum , even if it is rejected for whatever reason . 
  a law like this would be rejected immediately by the european court for human rights . 
  of course if they actually commit a crime , they can be locked away and deported . 
  although they are not deported back into a country at war . 
  maybe , but eu organizations and german state organizations are still too different , separate things . 
  human rights are a pesky thing . 
  edit : lol , the downvoting ... the right wing people are mad that such thing as the human rights even exists ... i guess it should be renamed to `` white rights '' to satisfy them . 
  too bad your rant doesn \u00b4 t make sense . 
  it were the german state that was about to send him back to bulgaria , not the eu . 
  he would have been send back because he registered in bulgaria first . 
  i was participating in a q & a once with the current cdu general secretary once ( peter tauber , he was just an ordinary member of parliament back then ) , and he said pretty openly that he does not lobby-ism as a real problem . 
  germany is very centrist too , with the centre left spd and centre right cdu ruling together . 
  there can \u00b4 t be a serious alternative . 
  resistance is futile . 
   you are left wing ? 
  well then you must be a big fan of stalin actually , its up for debate it stalin really was `` left wing '' . 
   i 'll give you a quick case study - yesterday there was an attack featuring a polish expat and a syrian expat in germany . 
  i 'll let you guess which was the attacker and which was the victim . 
  which wasn \u00b4 t actually religiously motivated though as far as we know . 
  it was a relationship murder . 
  how many poles murder other poles every year because of relationship drama ? 
  interesting question ... 
   geography sets this state to be the leader of their own region . 
  not really . 
  turkey effectively can \u00b4 t lead the region . 
  iran and saudi-arabia are still the most important powers in middle east and the leaders . 
  lol . 
  gamescom is already completely booked . 
  if he is not going , someone else will , i will be on gamescom as well ... 
  the problem is , its difficult to send them away somwhere , as the origin country is at war . 
  he was going to be send back to bulgaria soon , i guess that may be a reason why he decided to blow himself up . 
  they are banned . 
  just like many other dangerous knives . 
  this is the maximum penalty in norway . 
  however , he was also sentenced to security containment , which means he will never leave prison , even after the 21 years . 
  he will stay there for the rest of his life . 
  david is a muslim name , yes . 
  but its also a christian name , and even more so a jewish name . 
  because there are conflicting eyewitness accounts ? 
  there is an account , which says the attacker shouted `` fuck foreigners '' . 
  and because one eyewitness said he shouted it , that makes it true ? 
  it is verified when the police questions her and it is confirmed by other people . 
  according to her , there must have been other people around when he shouted that . 
  not verified . 
  this is as believable as the rumor that long-barreled rifles were involved , some people also said that . 
  or that there was a shooting elsewhere in munich ( which was just a panic reaction ) . 
  but on the other hand , if the media keep it relatively quiet and report calmly , its `` muh cencorship '' . 
  seems you are looking forward to it . 
  muslim name ... yeah , his name is david s. ( surname not released ) . 
  as always . 
  if it doesn \u00b4 t fit your narrative , its a lie . 
  if these information would be surpressed , by did german media report so much about the afghan guy last week , who killed people in the name of isis ? 
   shouting allahu akbar that is unconfirmed . 
  a reliable source for that , please . 
   if it looks like a duck and quacks like a duck . 
  well . 
  it doesn \u00b4 t. 
  police said they just haven \u00b4 t been questioned yet . 
   this is an islam inspired attack . 
  thats what you say . 
  there is zero evidence for it . 
  that he shouted allah ackbar is not confirmed . 
  uhm ... what importance has lactose tolerance with mass shootings , if i may ask ? 
  i asked you a question : do you really think that people from a certain ethnicity are more likely to do a mass shooting , just because they are part of that ethnicity ? 
  its a fallacy to think ethnicity ( or , race , for which ethnicity is just a less controversial word ) is the cause for mass shootings .
