  people in this thread mentioned android and how it is linux . 
  so yes , people mentioned google . 
  poland : country with almost no high mountains , most upvoted picture : high mountains . 
  germany : nothing to laugh about our choice . 
  belarus : german tank , cause why not . 
  denmark : trains of doom / r/eviltrains /, 
  well , we have `` no fun allowed go back to work '' . 
  not much better . 
  its not only french loanwords though , its also latin . 
  its worth noting that there are many latin loanwords in german itself as well . 
  don \u00b4 t worry about it . 
  we already have an evil plan : tell the czechs to eat schnitzel with tunke . 
  that will surely drive you apart . 
  divide and rule . 
  really ? 
  don \u00b4 t forget the uk was a majority celtic land , those people didn \u00b4 t just vanish with the arrival of the saxons and nordic warriors . 
  they were assimilated mostly in england , of course . 
  so i am not really surprised they share a lot genetically with france and spain , because these were also celtic lands ( romanised in language and culture of course ) . 
  it could also trigger turks though . 
  works both ways . 
  android is the play-store . 
  without the play-store , android is insignificant . 
  and the play-store is not available without google . 
  so yes , android is open-source . 
  but the connected google-stuff is not . 
  do you really think google would let this huge monopoly be taken out of their hands so easily ? 
  this gives them so much market control , because smartphones are so important these days . 
  windows is childs-play in comparison . 
  only in german : https://www.computerbase.de/2017-02/limux-muenchen-abgeschafft/ the decision has been made . 
  as far as i know , munich has decided to bury limux after 2020 and switch back to windows and microsoft office . 
  yes , it includes all those things . 
  but you also have to admit that german beer is better before you can join . 
  baltics can into russia confirmed !, 
  android is a google system . 
  if you really think it has anything to do with the linux community , you are completely wrong . 
  it uses the linux kernel , yes . 
  but google owns it . 
  without google , no android . 
  if you think google is better than microsoft , you are delusional . 
  google is worse , because they have monopolies on all kind of things . 
  and they are also american . 
  even more stupid would be replacing microsoft with google . 
  the european countries missed the trend , so everything concentrates in the us . 
  now its really hard to change this , as the most talented programmers are often migrating to the usa as the best paid jobs are there . 
  and the single biggest contributor to the linux kernel is intel . 
  another american company . 
  i think you overestimate how many people are really tech-savvy . 
  these are important to you , but not to end users who want a standardized system that always looks and behaves the same . 
  end-user hostility is the achilles-heel of linux and i doubt this problem will ever be solved . 
  careful , not to incur the wrath of the fans of fedora , gentoo , debian etc. 
  , i have heard countless times that ubuntu is not `` proper '' because it doesn \u00b4 t follow some standard and its run by canonical . 
   their situation will be the same on windows too , but at least this time munich 's public administration is safe from the current ransom attack . 
  well , they would be too if they would use windows 10 ( or another properly patched system ) . 
  and which is the standard linux system ? 
  oh wait there is none , because the linux community is splintered in hundred subdivisions . 
  linux is fine as a hobby system , but i doubt it will ever take over the desktop . 
  in germany , the city of munich will migrate back to windows from linux . 
  linux can only be a success where there is no end-user contact ( like servers , iot ) or when there is a big company like google that takes it and creates a system . 
  but that isn \u00b4 t much better than microsoft windows from an openness standpoint . 
  just swap microsoft for google . 
  better : itt - drown people in the sea . 
  i remember doing this sort of test in elementary school . 
  and failing . 
  good times . 
  it is on the balkan route , sorry if this wasn \u00b4 t clear . 
  my pleasure !, 
  i really love hungary and hope that the situation gets better in the future . 
  no one tried to conceal anything . 
  it just took a couple of days until the crimes were confirmed and the big media picked up on it . 
  local media reported about incidents the next day . 
  the media are not sub-servant in germany to the government . 
  none of those countries have as much debt as greece . 
  and portugal actually has a left-wing government right now that ended hard-core austerity , while the syriza government still follows it . 
  so your argument is actually working against you . 
   i do n't know how is in germany , but here , sad fact is that as long as majority of media is owned by oligarchs there will be no independent media . 
  in germany the situation is pretty good . 
  we don \u00b4 t have direct state media . 
  we have public media that are financed by fees . 
  these are largely independent from the state . 
  then there is privat media with many different political views too . 
  while there are points where criticism is due , i think german media do pretty well . 
   i thought democracy has to do with will of the people it does . 
  but media and propaganda can be a very powerful weapon . 
  and if the state uses a corrupt network to buy or discontinue several critical media outlets , thats not very democratic , because it gives the ruling party the power to influence the peoples opinion . 
  free media is an essential part of democracy . 
  you should know that as well . 
  in communism there were no free media , were there ? 
   simicska got rich because of his connection with orban , broke up with him and instructed his media to be anti-orban overnight . 
  is that democratic ? 
  it is also wrong . 
  but that doesn \u00b4 t make the pro-orban oligarchs using the media for him any better . 
  oligarchs who got rich because of their connection to orban buy media-outlets that then fall in line with the government ? 
  yes , that is undemocratic . 
  these media outlets are now indirectly government owned , while they still present them self as independent . 
   it 's not like orban gave a law forcing anyone to sell . 
  no , but there are other ways to make someone wanting to sell . 
  and introducing a special tax is pretty close to it . 
  don \u00b4 t play dumb . 
  there was a crisis at the time in various balkan countries including hungary . 
  a humanitarian crisis .
