  right-wing extremism in hungary has become a threat for the state and national security , as there are paramilitary groups in the country , sometimes with equipped with weapons , who want to fight against roma and refugees and who advocate a fight against the state . 
  these groups are often directly supported by russia . 
  in october 2016 , a policemen was shot by istv\u00e1n gy\u00f6rk\u00f6s , one of the heads of the extreme-right scene inhungary , who apparently had a complete arsenal of weapons , with some modern weapons from russia . 
  orb\u00e1ns government says they fight against extremism , but apparently , not much is done against right-wing extremism . 
  so the 12.5 % of the population who are not catholic are not polish ? 
  oh , wow , thats surely gon na happen with a cdu-fdp government !, 
  just like when they were in power from 2005 to 2010 !, 
  turns out that states with vastly different histories and structures are not easily comparable . 
  and that its very difficult to `` fix '' nrw because of its structural problems that come from de-industrialization . 
  but surely , a cdu-fdp government will turn nrw into `` bl\u00fchende landschaften '' with a miracle . 
   `` change is scary , vote cdu '' wow !, 
  you summed up cdu voting strategy right there !, 
  or maybe they have a different ideology ? 
  this is a preparation for another polish move westwards #makeberlinslavishagain / s, 
  they don \u00b4 t have any law right now . 
  maybe because of the islamic state ? 
  shouldn \u00b4 t nz be in / r/middleearth / ? 
  no , he meant the [ chechen republic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chechnya ) . 
  its also called wei\u00dfrussland ( white russia ) in german . 
  i think they were mostly neutral in public ( besides not wanting le pen and melenchon ) . 
  i can \u00b4 t really remember if they made any statements supporting fillion . 
  don \u00b4 t be ridiculous . 
  as if it is all about the language . 
  a european `` lead culture '' would point out the common traits , not the differences ( which a german `` lead culture '' does ) . 
  oh , i am very sure our government would have been just as happy with a melenchon victory . 
  yes . 
  because we don \u00b4 t try to blackmail anyone in the eu . 
  we never would . 
  the position of german politicians , especially by the cdu people , could be the death of the euro and the eu . 
  we wanted macron to win and now we want no changes whatsoever ? 
  its too easy to say `` france has to move '' . 
  no , we have to move as well , both have to move . 
  if we can \u00b4 t find a compromise even on this , then all the idiots saying the eu is a german ploy to bring europe to do our bidding are kind of right . 
  the cdu touts itself as the party of pro-eu-policies and `` realpolitik '' , but when it comes to the eurozone , they are as populist as it gets . 
  risking the european project in the process . 
  how exactly ? 
  valls is such a disgusting traitor to his own party ... its unbelievable . 
  i hope he never again gets the chance to run as the presidential candidate . 
  ** translation and tl ; dr : ** german conservative and liberal politicians have criticized newly elected french president emmanuel macron because of his eu reform plans , particularly his plans for eurobonds , a budget for the eurozone and common social standards and programs for the eu . 
  `` neither the eurozone nor france have a short supply of debt '' , said financial-state-secretary jens spahn ( cdu ) `` france can \u00b4 t solve problems with debt , but with reforms . 
  we are hopeful for macron , but he can \u00b4 t create more debt than is allowed '' , said fdp chairman christian lindner `` macron can only demand eu reforms after he has proven himself in his own country '' , said manfred weber ( csu ) , head of the epp faction in the eu parliament g\u00fcnther oettinger ( cdu ) , eu commissioner for budget , said he doesn \u00b4 t think highly of macrons suggestion for an eu financial minister . 
  `` the eu commision oversees the budget . 
  the eurogroup decides about financial aid . 
  the esm finances it . 
  there is no reason to change this architecture '' . 
  but he also said that there have to be compromises , also on the part of the german government . 
  the liberal vice-president of the eu parliament , alexander graf lambsdorff ( fdp ) , defended macron against the cdu criticism : `` we should talk about a reform of the eurozone without mindcuffs '' . 
  he said that all partners and democrats should work together to make macrons presidency a success . 
  no , because people who work would also get the basic income . 
  not the case with hartz iv . 
  sorry , i don \u00b4 t buy that you are a remainer , not with all your posts glorifying britain and shitting on the eu and germany/france . 
  i don \u00b4 t mean this in any hostile way though , i was just thinking about a possible scenario of what might happen . 
  i am sure the whole eu would welcome the nations of the great british island back into the european familiy . 
  yes , i would expect england to join one day once again , after the dissolution of the uk that could happen if brexit really wrecks the british economy . 
  so the biggest boost for le pen came from fillion voters , as expected . 
  and only a very small fraction of melenchon voters chose le pen , which is very good to hear , the bitch tried to appeal to them , good that it didn \u00b4 t work . 
  shows you how opposed left and right really are . 
  communism would require the means of production to be in public ownership - which is not what basic income would do . 
  so no . 
  doesn \u00b4 t sound even a little bit `` communisty '' . 
  in the roman empire , the economy was based on slave labor . 
  this also meant that huge parts of the population were not needed for work , so they had to keep the people happy with things like bread and games . 
  basic income is the equivalent of bread and games , and the robots take the role of the slaves . 
  basic income will be needed , the only question is , when . 
  i also don \u00b4 t think it should be universal . 
  there has to be some connection with how much someone earns . 
  a millionare does not need basic income after all . 
  a common counter argument to basic income is : people won \u00b4 t be motivated to work . 
  well , yes , there will be those people who won \u00b4 t work because they don \u00b4 t want to . 
  but on the other hand , basic income would also free other people to go after their dreams . 
  what i mean by this is that many people have to take jobs they don \u00b4 t want to do . 
  this leads to bad productivity in the end . 
  with basic income , people always have the security of this money that provides them with enough to survive , so they can go and try to find a job that really fits to them . 
  work can be fun , if you identify yourself with your work . 
  work becomes less a struggle to survive and more of a joy , a way to contribute to society . 
  2/3 voters of macron voted for him only to prevent le pen from winning . 
  this is not a shining victory , hopefully macron can deliver on his promises . 
  here is comes !, 
  yes , ketchup or preiselbeeren . 
  it was n't the typical tunke . 
  sambal olek mixed with souce hollandaise . 
  normally i like schnitzel without tunke best though . 
  if its a good schnitzel that is not too dry . 
  the desperation of the trumpets is so enjoyable to watch . 
  hacking macron and still finding nothing they can use to smear him , so funny . 
  le pen will loose . 
  i just ate a schnitzel ... with tunke . 
  while i do not agree with juncker politically in many things , i think he is funny . 
  great sense of humor . 
  it also included burma . 
  and that makes her a coward . 
  its good tradition to have such debates . 
  then she should be able to attend the debates without any worries . 
  ivan , i think you had too much vodka with your russian breaksfast . 
  the putin-troll-factory does not appreciate that . 
  turkish citizens can vote all if they want . 
  in turkey or in the embassy . 
  germany doesn \u00b4 t have to allow them to set up polling stations for something that is completely against human rights and the values of the eu . 
  this means they are in the same group as the fdp . 
  ugh ... well , it fits , i guess .
