  hey , don \u00b4 t forget us :p, 
  focusing on identity politics is wrong , you don \u00b4 t win elections . 
  but social issues should not be completely ignored . 
  because the background of these views is basically inhumane , anti-liberal . 
  if you don \u00b4 t see humans as humans , but rather objects , why should you be trusted to give people workers rights and welfare ? 
  either you believe in human rights and that humans should be treated as equals based on their humanity , or you don \u00b4 t. 
  and if you don \u00b4 t , fascism is only a few steps away . 
  the syrian refugees are the best example : they are constantly demonised and basically de-humanized . 
  people see them as `` muslims '' or even terrorists rather than individual people who go through suffering and tragedy . 
  now , i won \u00b4 t deny that transgender bathroom rules are something that is basically a non-issue for most people . 
  i think it is a mistake to concentrate on that rather than economic issues . 
  all the alt-right people ranting about how the left has to `` move right '' is hilarious . 
  basically , they want the left to be left only in economic terms , but in nothing else . 
  they want the left to stay in a strictly national , ethnic-homogeneous context . 
  what does that remind me about ... ah , national socialism . 
  in other words , nazis ( of course , the nazis were not socialist in anything but name ) . 
  the problem of the left is that the traditional left program has been and continues to be completely demonized by the center-right neoliberal block for more than 20 years now . 
  all those years , the mainstream was `` globalization is inevitable '' , `` the market is indivisible '' - basically , capitalism is not to be challenged . 
  this has left social democrats ( center-left ) in a bad place . 
  they tried the alternate route of going for the center ( the so called `` 3rd way '' by blair , schr\u00f6der ) , but that is hurting them hard now . 
  so since the way towards economic change is blocked by the omnipotent capitalist system , the left of course turned towards fighting social issues , like gender rights , global wealth distribution , immigration . 
  however , the capitalist system failed big time in 2008 . 
  unable to return to their pro-socialist routes , the left still has trouble to present any alternative to the current system . 
  what i want to say is : parties on the left have to develop an alternative again . 
  no matter if you want to call it socialism or not . 
  just representing a slightly-less inhumane version of neoliberalism is not going to cut it anymore . 
  so , you want the left to become right ? 
  found the vichy supporter . 
  the nsdap never won the absolute majority in any reichstags-election . 
  the did become the biggest party in the last three elections , their highest percentage of votes was 43 % in the last election . 
  though the last election can hardly be called legitimate . 
  and they still needed the national-conservative dnvp for the absolute majority . 
  go back to your grave !, 
  citizens have certain civil and human rights . 
  you can put them in jail , but you can \u00b4 t exile them or take their citizenship ( which also is forbidden by our basic law : https://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/gg/art_16.html ) . 
  we are not living in the middle ages anymore . 
  because frankfurt mighty stronk financial center !, 
  jokes aside , if you think this is good or not , this might be a sign that brexit indeed harms london as a financial center . 
  uhm ... where to ? 
  if they are born here , and if they have german citizenship , there is no way to deport them anywhere . 
  western media liars ? 
  well , most western media are biased of course . 
  but you will still find a nice balance of opinions ( well , at least here in germany ) on most topics . 
  if you lean towards the right , you have media catering to you , if you lean towards the left , there are also some nice options . 
  russia today on the other hand is outright direct state propaganda . 
   as i 'm sure you 'll continue to hear ad naseum for the rest of your life , donald trump did not win the popular vote . 
  our electoral system gave him the win , which , of course , is perfectly legal . 
  because this fits so nicely here : https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/266038556504494082 :-), 
  thanks . 
  now , go back and do our bidding again , kay ? 
  better take over belarus as well then , because leaving that out would leave an awkward hole in the middle of the map-borders !, 
  also , while you are at it , moldova . 
  but how can he be underwood , he already has a equivalent in victor petrov ... 
  i have heard , he wants to set `` zones of influence '' with the us . 
  that sounds awfully familiar ... 
  eesti can into ~ ~ soviet ~ ~ ~ ~ russia ~ ~ eurasian union ? 
  i think she should never have been picked as the democratic candidate . 
  still , she got the majority of the votes ... 
  i think it depends how well he does as president and it also depends on the country . 
  russian propaganda works . 
  i have met people in german universities who prefer russia today over western media . 
  yes , its gotten that bad . 
   he won the popular vote as well . 
  nope . 
  clinton won the popular vote , according to the last numbers . 
  but of course , don \u00b4 t let this minor detail distract you . 
  democracy , how does it work ? 
  his grandpa was german from rhineland-palatine . 
  but it never really started , only the economy has been globalized . 
  politics have not . 
  at least we can still say that we only followed your example . 
  there is a difference between conservatism and reactionary fascism . 
  why not both ? 
  i don \u00b4 t know what to make of this . 
  i really don \u00b4 t. 
  thats what makes the next few years really interesting : trump is unpredictable . 
  maybe nothing really changes . 
  he will fuck up the anti-climate-change fight and inner progress in the usa , thats for sure , but the us stay basically the same : a broken , split up nation . 
  he could set up protectionist measures , but he can \u00b4 t revert or stop technological progress . 
  thats also why the usa will continue the direction they currently have : the middle-income group will get smaller , as jobs get lost in the next technology development ( automation , robots , ai ) . 
  then again , maybe everything changes , at least for us in europe . 
  under trump , the us might vanish as the world dominating power . 
  nato might loose all its power and be dismantled , and russia could be the dominant power in the east once again . 
  interesting times ahead . 
  i am very curious how the usa will develop in the next 10 years . 
  and to all the alt-right-wing trolls celebrating right now i say : don \u00b4 t be too sure of yourself . 
  when trump fails , people will see the right wing promises for what they are : empty , and most important of all , dangerous and inhuman . 
  trump is a president of the old . 
  his work will not be a permanent influence , unlike reagans , as reagan had a much more stable majority at his side . 
  trump is one of the most hated presidents ever , even before his inauguration . 
  afd won \u00b4 t take over the government next election , they the necessary lack support . 
  so germany will remain the `` liberal beacon of reason '' . 
  do n't worry about germany . 
  good . 
  one problem less . 
  germany is not the uk or the us . 
  anyone who seriously watched the us could have seen trump winning . 
  i did expect him to win , after i really delved into the election details in the last days . 
  glad i live in western europe . 
  pretty sure many americans would gladly hand him over to you .
