  and isn \u00b4 t it the pkk who fights against isis in syria ? 
  the kurds are the largest ethnicity worldwide without their own state . 
  peaceful kurds and kurdish parties like the hdp are being persecuted and arrested , and also , called terrorists , because they are in the way of erdogans rise to 100 % power . 
  also , doesn \u00b4 t the turkish state support isis indirectly ? 
  just recently journalists were being arrested because they revealed that erdogan was sending weapons to syria . 
  or , rather use this system to implement the perfect fascist system . 
  with all the surveillance going on , this is perfect for the right to take over the government . 
  hitler would have loved to have such systems in the 1930s . 
  like , oh , look at poland , or hungary . 
  free press , free democratic system ? 
  not with right wing governments ... 
  stalin wasn \u00b4 t really part of the left . 
  he was part of the right wing of the communist party . 
  and he was responsible for all of the big crimes in the ussr . 
  europe has had right-wing policy dominating especially in the economic field since the 1980s . 
  you know nothing about history if you think hitler was a leftist . 
  sure , his party stole a lot of the rhetoric and stylized propaganda from communist parties , but they were the most extreme flavor of right through and through in reality . 
  one of the first acts when hitler was in power was to destroy the left parties ( communist kpd and then the social-democrat spd ) . 
  and then he destroyed free unions in the second step . 
   siam not really sure if this should be on the list . 
  its an outdated name yes , but is it a imperialistic/racist one , not sure . 
  a better example would be the name formosa for taiwan . 
  or ceylon for sri lanka . 
   government regulation and provisions on labor was a thing way before marxism . 
  uhm ... no , it wasn \u00b4 t , at least not in the modern way . 
  most of the modern labor regulations and provisions were created in the late 19th century ... the era when marxism really began spreading all around the world . 
  the danger of a marxist uprising surly can change some things ...  progressives viewed class warfare as a problem that could be addressed under better institutions like better education thats the classical liberal view . 
  `` progressives '' is a very vague term . 
  marxism is a progressive ideology , as is liberalism . 
  non-progressive ideologies are conservatism or its extreme form , fascism . 
  seems like the race for the left wing candidate is decided , hamon could drop out now . 
  what a pathetic result for the sp . 
  latvian jesus good jesus . 
  it not worthing listening to him . 
  all of his words are empty and just show for his voters . 
  aldi nord is uglier . 
  i say : do n't light it at all . 
  there are so many attacks , it would have to be lit all the time if you want to have it lit for every attack . 
  so just do n't light it at all . 
  lighting it just for some is stupid and hypocritical . 
  northern ireland ( as part of ireland ) and scotland are missing . 
  not everything always has to be about hamburg , get over it :p, 
  yeah ... almost as if we had these borders at some point / s, 
  at first , did n't even notice that something was missing here ... 
  good troll , but no . 
  thanks for completely ignoring what i wrote , but i guess you can \u00b4 t expect more from someone who writes nonsense of [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/627bxs/angela_merkel_derails_theresa_mays_brexit_plan_by/dfkf1tf/ ) level . 
   the supreme leader of the 4th reich derails pm mays plans hey ? 
  all states in the eu are nominally equal , very much unlike the uk . 
  german power comes from the economy and population numbers , not from the constitution . 
  i think you got it wrong . 
  the one who should stick the nato invoice into his ass was donald trump , not the germans . 
  or how about the uk not leaving the eu , because `` the future is closer cooperation '' . 
  or , if you are so paranoid about the eu , how about this : the uk in its current form , where england has the last say , gets dissolved . 
  wales and scotland become independent and northern ireland joins the roi . 
  and then all states of the british isles form a new , lose union without formal english domination , but with all the states as members with equal rights . 
  sorry , but you can \u00b4 t really define the `` right wing '' this way . 
  thats not how the political spectrum works , its not that simple . 
  a party can be right but also liberal , but also right and authoritarian . 
  the same goes for left-wing parties . 
  a authoritarian left-wing-party would be a communist-stalinist party ( like the german dkp ) , a liberal left wing party would be a party with connections to anarchism . 
  just like an authoritarian right wing party like the npd , nsdap or front national can be defined as fascist , while an extreme liberal right party would be libertarian . 
  of course , these are the extreme ends of the spectrum . 
  most parties in the political spectrum these days are not located at the extreme ends , but in between somewhere . 
  its also noteworthy that parties can have different wings with very different positions . 
  maybe you are , some people just can \u00b4 t let go of that wrong and inhuman ideology . 
  as if turkey isn \u00b4 t a lost cause ... 
   reputable  right-wing sorry , these two things don \u00b4 t mesh . 
  we have the cdu , a party right enough . 
  estonia can into nordic after all according to this map . 
  or maybe it was a vote for kramp-karrenbauer , who was extremely popular ? 
  75 % popularity can surely help in an election . 
  already forgotten last years state election of rhineland-palatinate ? 
  this wasn \u00b4 t a vote about merkel really . 
  in state election , it often happens that the regional leader is far more important for the election results . 
  this was the case in the election in rhineland-palatinate , where the big popularity of malu dreyer helped the spd , which was in a general low at the time nation-wide , to retain the power ( despite the polls saying for a long time that they wouldn \u00b4 t ) . 
  in this case , the popularity of kramp-karrenbauer , cdu head in the saarland , kept the cdu in power . 
  because both parties have red as the official color . 
  not really sure what to make of these posts ... excitement all of the sudden ? 
  to me this is a bit strange and i have doubts if this excitement really has a foundation in reality . 
  don \u00b4 t get me wrong , i hope more people would realize that the eu is important as well . 
  but one has to be careful to not fall into the `` social media bubble '' trap . 
  controlling the eu . 
  ah , right . 
  only problem is : the real `` street-ruiners '' are the trucks . 
  and these have had a toll for a long time . 
  sorry , but this new toll is useless . 
  this was only proposed by the csu to make some xenophopic bavarian rednecks happy ( `` muh autobahn is used for free by foreigners ... '' ), 
  thats really cute . 
  and so desperate as well . 
  the only question is , do you really believe what you are saying ? 
  because that would be sad ... 
  why not coffee with vodka ? 
  would be the logical transition-step . 
  never, 
  just like the dignity of the usa ... 
  cradle of civilization , awesome food , great country . 
  i am sure this will make no-one angry . 
  / s waiting for the hungarian answer now ... 
  sure , two sides of the same coin . 
  but even if they were conceived as one empire , in reality , they were separate enough to call them two entities .
