  that may be bit simplified , but it describes the difference still pretty well . 
   and of course the nazis were leftists no . 
  the nazis were as extreme right-wing as you can get . 
  the nazis masqueraded as left , thats why they called themselfs `` national-socialist '' , but the first things they did when they got into power was to ban the left-wing parties like communists and the spd , and also the free unions . 
  they worked together with the rich industrial people of germany , and their supporters all came from the monarchistic , anti-democratic right spectrum , which was very powerful back then in germany . 
  seems like you fell for right-wing propaganda there . 
  ask anyone who studies history , any historian , anyone with some kind of reputation will tell you that the nazis were right-wing . 
  or just ask a real-life neo-nazi . 
  they will probably hurt you if you say that they are left-wing ... 
  don \u00b4 t think you really know what left - right means . 
  the left - right division originated in the french revolution , where the revolutionary anti-monarchic commoners would sit left and the conservative-aristocratic would sit right . 
  its not about government control . 
  you can go left in the spectrum , and find people who are completely anti-government control . 
  its called anarchism . 
  you can go right in the spectrum , and find people who want as much control as possible - fascism . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8b/political_spectrum2.png this pretty much sums it up . 
  the left - right scheme simply isn \u00b4 t enough to describe the political world . 
  well , i guess you want labour to continue on with blairs `` new labour '' . 
  because that surely won labour the last election . 
  / s labour , spd , whatever the party is called - they are not going to win anymore as `` conservative light '' . 
  there already are conservative , neo-liberal parties , there is no point in trying to mimic them . 
  also , i was talking about economic policies . 
  not about foreign policies etc. 
   how can they be leftists if their economic policies are neo-liberal ? 
  they aren \u00b4 t , and thats why they don \u00b4 t have the support that they used to get . 
  she isn \u00b4 t. 
  merkel is like the definition of `` centrist '' . 
  cool , i have the same birthday as estonia . 
  :-) though i wasn \u00b4 t born in 1918 ... 
  i would say , mind your own problems , america . 
  how many cops were killed lately as revenge for racist killings of black people in america ? 
  i guess civil war is coming then ... 
  seems you really don \u00b4 t know anything about the current situation in europe . 
  because europeans are far away from entering a `` civil war '' . 
  merkel will win . 
  yes , but these are here since long and not problematic by any means . 
  if you compare france vs. germany , you have to take several things into consideration : where do the muslim-migrants come from , why did they come here , etc. 
  in terms of france , they mostly come from northern africa , from the former colonies of france . 
  they are mostly french citizens too , but not really integrated at all in society , because racism . 
  they came there as economic migrants too . 
  here in germany , most ( not all ) new muslim migrants come from syria as refugees , people who not only came here for economic reasons . 
  also big parts of the syrian middle class , too . 
  if the syrian civil war ends ( right now , it looks like assad and the kurds might emerge as the winning factions ) , no doubt at least some of them will return to syria . 
  how many remains to be seen . 
  short term , the refugees are gon na boost our economy . 
  thing is , i have always been against merkel , long before the refugee crisis , but coming from a left-perspective . 
  in general i think that merkels government time so far was nothing but wasted time and potential . 
  however , it got complicated last fall : while i definitely think the decision to take in some ( emphasis on some ) refugees in was completely right and a humanitarian decision , what happened after that decision was typical merkel : she just said `` everything is gon na work out '' without actually having a real plan who to integrate/register these people . 
  also , she should have tried to pursue an european solution before she just decided to take in all the refugees . 
  regarding afd , i can definitely understand the protest aspect to it all . 
  completely understand some people want to send a message . 
  however , i am strongly opposed to their ideas , so for me they will never be an option . 
  for example : one of the underlying problems of the refugee crisis is poverty and the divide between rich and poor people - its one of the reasons why so many people are angry right now . 
  however , afd doesn \u00b4 t want to tackle that issue at all - they want to make it worse , if you take a look at their economic policies . 
  that combined with their other social policy ideas just makes them completely un-votable for me . 
  i do not believe they have any real solutions . 
  add the rampant racism and sexism some afd members exhibit ... what really angers me on the other hand is the sad state of the left . 
  the spd still suffers from sch\u00f6ders government , the greens most likely want to help merkel stay in office next year ( when its clearly time for a change of chancellor ) and the left has lost some protest voters to the afd . 
  i would wish the left-leaning parties could find a middle-ground in the refugee crisis : criticizing merkel and acknowledging that there are problems , while providing some real solutions for integration . 
  right now many are denying all problems and are on merkels side . 
  well , do you really think she would make her chances of re-election bigger by saying : `` well , that big decision i made last fall , was wrong '' - i bet that will win people over ... 
  thats the right attitude . 
  however , the majority of people don \u00b4 t seem to share it . 
  they either deny all problems or they make the problems sound bigger then they are . 
  and then say `` we can \u00b4 t change anything '' . 
  there are many people here in germany who like to deny that we have any problems in terms of the economy ... merkel has lulled many german people to sleep by saying `` there is no alternative '' and `` everything is fine '' . 
  i would say you are right . 
  but not because of migration . 
  its because our economy isn \u00b4 t geared towards the future anymore . 
  the german car industry for example is most reluctant to make the switch to electric engines , when its clear that this is the future . 
  germany is still behind in terms of digital economy and internet . 
  many places in germany have painfully slow internet . 
  its all `` neuland '' ... also , the austerity means that our infrastructure starts falling apart as well , and we are also falling behind in education . 
  sometimes its the right thing to give into other people wants and needs . 
  this is what has guaranteed peace in europe since world war two . 
  for example , germany voluntarily decided to give up all claim on the former german eastern territories in poland , although they officially just were under `` polish administration '' back then . 
  sometimes national interests are the opposite of what they seem to be . 
  if bavaria honestly wanted to leave ... i think they could , and they should . 
  there is no point trying to force them to stay with us , if they are absolutely convinced to leave . 
  you know , there is a thing called `` sovereignty of the people 's rule '' . 
  its a key part in democracy and liberalism , people have the right to choose what they want . 
  back in world war 1 , it was one of the key concepts of the us president wilson , who achieved this goal with the end of the war - the multinational states , the ottoman empire , and austria-hungary , the states where one part of the population tried to suppress all others , were disbanded . 
  well , almost . 
  turkey of course made its comeback , and stopped the kurds from getting their own state , which was a planned part of the failed treaty of sevres . 
  which is the very reason we have this conflict today , the multinational state ottoman empire/turkey wasn \u00b4 t 100 % split up . 
  of course , for an avid nationalist , that might be hard to understand . 
  take them !, 
  we will keep franconia though . 
  assad democratically elected ? 
  yeah , right . 
  i bet you also think north korea is `` democratic '' . 
  i agree that at the moment , it looks like he is the only option for stability . 
  however , it seems unlikely syria will ever get to 100 % peace again under his rule . 
  many refugees certainly won \u00b4 t return to a assad governed syria . 
  elections , true elections , would be necessary , but i doubt assad would allow it . 
   .4 help assad stabilize syria and stop supporting `` rebels '' aka terrorists/fundamentalists . 
  assad was the one who started this war , and he is responsible for its escalation . 
  thats a very interesting point of view , thanks . 
  however , i doubt the kurds could reach lattakia . 
  assads military is too strong and backed by russia and iran .
