  if not among politicians , then among the population . 
  the rejection of ttip wouldn \u00b4 t have happened back then . 
  in france , this might work !, 
  not only reagan . 
  also thatcher in the uk and kohl in germany . 
  what also helped was the collapse of the 2nd world . 
  the communist block faded , and `` muh capitalism '' was victorious , so in the 90s zeitgeist was like `` lets privatize it all '' . 
  this lasted until 2007 ... competition might not only be good for the economy , it might also be good when you have different political-economical systems competing with each other . 
  hm ... maybe you mean this project : http://www.flare-of-frankfurt.com/de/projekt/ this is being build right now where once the buildings of the frankfurter rundschau were located . 
  yeah , no one lives there ... oh , wait a minute ... 
  it seems some people come there for vacation . 
  its getting better now in terms of looks . 
  the post-war architecture hasn \u00b4 t dated well , but many of the worst examples of this period are being demolished now and replaced by modern architecture . 
  they are also rebuilding parts of the old town ( dom-r\u00f6mer projekt ) . 
  but then ... can eesti into nordic federation ? 
  they also agree with you on that, 
  maybe you think its ugly . 
  i think it has its own charm . 
  the skyline is impressive to look at in the night . 
  very interesting !, 
  - poland , romania , ireland , albania and macedonia believe `` humans were meant to rule over nature '' - in all the `` do you care about people '' questions , german people always care about anyone . 
  elderly , sick , people around the world , neighbors , europeans . 
  we only care less about two groups as much : immigrants in our own country , and unemployed people - people in finland , czech republic , scotland and wales don \u00b4 t care about their families - people in bosnia-herzegovina want revolution - austrians , bavarians and people in the uk feel like strangers in their own country, 
  ah , the city of my birth . 
  love it , so beautiful in the night . 
  though the most beautiful building in the night is missing on this picture ( [ commerzbank-tower in yellow ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/88/frankfurt_am_main_nightshot.jpg ) ), 
  there is a left majority , yes , but the government is formed by cdu and spd , leaving the other left wing parties green and linke in the opposition . 
  so if the spd would pass the vote with the help of the greens and linke , the cdu would break up the coalition . 
  i wouldn \u00b4 t say this sub is right wing . 
  as a generally left wing guy ( not communist though ) , i would say its pretty balanced and more leaning towards the center . 
  although occasionally , some nasty people seem to spill over from r/the _ donald / . 
  its important to mention though that this is only pushed by the left-leaning upper house ( bundesrat ) . 
  most local state governments are controlled by the spd and have the greens involved as well . 
  i doubt the cdu will allow this initiative to go anywhere . 
  merkel is notorious for doing everything the car industry wants her to do ( well , its also our biggest industry after all ) , so i am pretty sure this won \u00b4 t pass as an actual law . 
  even though this would be a good idea . 
  we need more infrastructure for evs , so setting a deadline for combustion-engine cars might help a little bit to push it . 
  if you don \u00b4 t invoke article 50 , you are harming your own democracy , and you will stay part of the eu you so much despise . 
  nice choice there ... 
  you can do whatever you want . 
  waste tons of money , and stall some more . 
  veto the eu army all you want , it will happen anyway . 
  but then don \u00b4 t complain that you are `` villified '' . 
  as i said , you are responsible for that yourself . 
  as long as you are members , you are bound by treaties to pay . 
  the eu won \u00b4 t offer any deal to the uk . 
  the first step for the uk is to activate article 50 . 
  there will be no deal before that happens . 
  nope . 
  we want the uk to press the red button that says `` article 50 activation '' , as fast as possible . 
  the uk however wants to stall ( and pay a little longer ) . 
  yes . 
  but that is called `` being an asshole '' . 
  out is out , and any meddling with affairs of the eu by the uk now is extremely rude and insensitive . 
  lol , only 56 % upvotes . 
  seems someone doesn \u00b4 t want this news to exist ... 
  we germans were getting shit all year long for merkels refugee-decision , a decision that wasn \u00b4 t even ours to make . 
  you brits decided to leave , and you op are a ukip supporter and leave voter . 
  i say : grow up . 
  learn to take responsibility for your own decisions . 
  what did you expect , did you think that everything would stay the same if you vote leave ? 
  the uk is trying to sabotage the eu even now after the leave vote ( see `` we will stop the formation of an eu army '' ) . 
  so don \u00b4 t complain about getting villified . 
  because you are the ones who do this to yourself . 
  i think the netherlands are even further away from socialist ideas then germany . 
  though i would not say we love ordoliberalism . 
  a lot of people like the social market economy system , and there was ( and still is ) a huge outcry about agenda 2010 . 
  they haven \u00b4 t picked a candidate , yet . 
  i would agree if gabriel was already chosen . 
  however , he isn \u00b4 t the candidate yet . 
  if they were to doubt the candidate after he was chosen , that would be a disaster . 
  however choosing gabriel might be an even bigger disaster ... 
  if his popularity stays where it is , i don \u00b4 t think spd will choose him as the candidate . 
  its too abysmal . 
  basically no one likes him , even many people who would vote spd don \u00b4 t like him . 
  she never really acts , merkel always reacts to something . 
  say what you will about schr\u00f6der , but he was still able to act . 
  no , she isn \u00b4 t going to be removed . 
  unfortunately not . 
  there is no one who could beat her right now . 
   really ? 
  is n't she fairly centrist for both ? 
  she is , she will do anything to get more votes , so staying in the center is a good thing if you want to be as flexible as possible . 
  though she firmly supports neo-liberal economic policies . 
  searching about this , i have come to the conclusion that he never said this . 
  although alt-right people try very hard to connect marx with genocide . 
  engels wrote something like this on the other hand , but in a very specific context . 
  this comment he made in a newspaper : http://www.mlwerke.de/me/me06/me06_165.htm in this comment , he talks about the failed revolution of 1848 in austria and hungary . 
  engels discusses how in this multi-national empire , only three of the `` nations '' / ethnicities ( poles , magyars , german austrians ) supported the revolution , while the others ( czech , slovaks , romanians , croats etc. ), 
  opposed it . 
  '' * ** translation : ** `` of all the nations and wanna-be-nations of austria , only three are supportive of the progress , the ones that were active in history and the ones who can survive - the germans , the poles , the magyars . 
  thus they are revolutionary . 
  all other big and small tribes and peoples now have the mission to perish in the revolutionary world-storm . 
  thus they are contra-revolutionary '' tl ; dr : don \u00b4 t take quotes out of context . 
   yeah . 
  check my incompetence remark  if not being able to perfectly predict the future means incompetency to you ... i guess everyone is incompetent , including you . 
  we can only make predictions based on where we are now . 
   i live very well . 
  you as a german are living very well . 
  look at former soviet countries ... not so well .
