  of course if you oversimplify everything , it paints a very clear picture . 
  i as a west german live very well . 
  many people in east germany don \u00b4 t live as well . 
  the transition between socialism and capitalism was brutal there . 
  many people living there will agree it was to abrupt and hastily done . 
  there are so many variables important here , that a discussion would break this thread . 
  plus , you are not really open to a real discussion , so it is pointless . 
   so / u/ibmthink was bullshitting in how marx had nothing to do with the violence that his idiotic theories proposed . 
  he did not propose genocide or misery . 
  in his mind , it was just the next step in the evolution of society . 
  pointless to discuss if you are biased against something you don \u00b4 t know anything about . 
  the vast majority of countries managed to achieve much better conditions without communism . 
  communism as marx had envisioned it was never achieved . 
  marx couldn \u00b4 t see in the future , he couldn \u00b4 t predict that capitalism would adapt and react - the social reforms , welfare ideas all came as a reaction towards the `` threat '' of a revolution by the workers class . 
  although since the fall of the soviet union , it seems that the capitalist system slowly tries to revert some of these reforms . 
   and his conclusion from all was that revolutions were awesome and we should have more ? 
  i already told you , his conclusion was that they were inevitable . 
  and in his mind , they may have been awesome . 
  or would you say that the failed liberal-democratic revolution of 1848 in germany was `` bad '' ? 
  or the french revolution ( which of course was the example for other revolutions ) ? 
  there were more then enough people back then all in favor of the revolutions against the oppressive monarchistic system . 
  after all , this was the transition period between feudalism and capitalism , which ended in 1918 . 
   in the best of cases that 's incompetence and stupidity , in the worst malevolence . 
  none speak well for him . 
  if you want to see him that way , feel free to . 
  after all , you know jack about him . 
  he was , but when you are studying marx , you always have to keep the time frame of his life in mind . 
  he was born in 1818 , in his youth , there had been multiple revolutions or attempts at revolutions . 
  back when he was around , capitalism was still in its infancy state , which means the workers had basically no rights and were oppressed . 
  marx historical conflict theory basically says that societies have different stages - primitive communism ( the hunter-gatherer society ) , slave society ( antique , the first society with classes ) , feudalism ( aristocracy , theocracy , hereditary rule ) , capitalism ( what we have now ) , socialism ( transition from capitalism to communism ) , communism ( perfect society , no private property required because everyone has everything he needs , no states , governments , no classes ) . 
  the key is : the next stage is always achieved in some sort of downfall in the eyes of marx , so a revolution has to happen for the next stage . 
  in fact , marx thought a revolution was inevitable . 
  marx also thought that states were used by the bourgeoisie to keep the lower classes oppressed and to protect their wealth . 
  this is part of the conflict theory . 
  marx sees history as a struggle between classes . 
  so in his eyes , a revolution was legitimate because the bourgeoisie oppressed the workers unfairly anyway . 
  of course , the socialist/communist movement did split up multiple times after the death of marx . 
  later , you have the groups who were still in favor of revolution ( communist , bolschewiki in russia ) and the others who had seen that progress can be achieved via reforms ( social democrats ) - when marx was still alive , these first social reforms didn \u00b4 t happen yet . 
  you can read more on marxes theories here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/conflict_theories https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marx%27s_theory_of_history he was a very smart theoretic thinker ( alongside engels of course ) , whether you agree with his theories or not . 
   person that directly and indirectly contributed to far greater genocides , misery , atrocities and human oppression in history . 
  marx didn \u00b4 t do any of this . 
  the first communist rule over a country was established long after marx was dead . 
  you can \u00b4 t blame him for this - if you are dead , you can \u00b4 t do anything against the misuse of your writings/words . 
   speaking of which , do n't your far left loonies in your country actually support north korea as a bastion of democracy ? 
  because that 's what i read about some of your far left politicians . 
  maybe the communist but they are not relevant . 
  die linke does not . 
  it is . 
  seems he hates every nation around poland ( he wishes germany would have been destroyed after world war 2 , [ different thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/55myk4/today_is_german_unity_day_it_commemorates_the/d8cvfg5 ) ) . 
  there is no point arguing with a nationalistic chauvinist . 
  well . 
  lets also use all caps here : this day is not about unification by prussia . 
  not in the slightest !, 
  seems you are really unaware of history . 
  anyway . 
  discussing with someone who thinks germany should be destroyed is pointless . 
  goodbye . 
   not mentioning at least prussia and silesia is really very rude . 
  why ? 
  germany has no claim on these territories anymore , and almost no german people live there today . 
   i 'd like if we embraced the sedantag instead again . 
  that empire failed . 
  it was created in a war , and it fell in a war . 
  bismarks legacy was militarism , imperialism and authoritarianism , which lead to two world wars and the barbarous crimes of the nazis . 
  there is nothing to celebrate there . 
   against whom ? 
  you ca n't be disrespectful towards a political concept , and `` german unity '' is such a concept . 
  tell that to the families who were separated by a wall for 40 years . 
  and , also , basically all of eastern germans , who were trapped in a state that was like outdoor prison . 
  for these people , this day was and is very , very important . 
   why ? 
  quite the opposite actually . 
  it was because of german imperialism that my country suffered so much . 
  tells me a lot about you that you still hold a grudge against germany . 
  the germany that voluntarily gave up any claim on former german territory with warsaw treaty and german-polish border treaty . 
  apparently , some people can \u00b4 t let go of the past . 
   those are pennies compared to war reparations that you ought to pay anyway . 
  tough luck . 
  germany isn \u00b4 t obliged to pay anything there . 
  poland also never paid anything for the people who had to leave their homes in now polish territory . 
  why can \u00b4 t you let go of the past ? 
   no , i have that opinion because `` german unification '' introduced totalitarian prussian mentality and anti-polonism to all the other german states . 
  wtf ? 
  no , it did not . 
  unification doesn \u00b4 t have anything to do with anti-polish thoughts . 
  these mostly came when the borders were opened , because a lot of poor german people feared loosing their jobs to polish migrants . 
  nothing to do with unification . 
  the dictatorship in the east had fallen already at that point through a peaceful revolution [ ( see mauerfall ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/berlin_wall#fall_of_the_wall ) . 
  so there was nobody to prevent free elections . 
  your opinion , fine . 
  none of your business , i think . 
  its actually quite disrespectful . 
  maybe your country should be torn in two parts , west poland influenced by germany and east poland influenced by russia . 
  i mean , again . 
  as a pole , you should be the last one to make a comment like this . 
  your country has suffered the most from being torn apart . 
  this is our national holiday . 
  do you also think us independence day is `` terrible '' ? 
  or the french bastille day ? 
  i don \u00b4 t think the day poland became free from communism is terrible , nor the day poland was freed from german occupation .
