  of course not . 
  instead of using the money we have now to invest in the future , which will be a lot worse economically for germany , he celebrates the `` schwarze null '' ( which is a really great nickname for him ) . 
   and also would such a result not imply a mandate for a rrg coalition most likely anyways ? 
  i don \u00b4 t think so . 
  a mandate for rrg would be implied if the linke would get much stronger , which i honestly don \u00b4 t see happening , even if i would like it . 
  rrg is still relatively unpopular . 
   the only scenario i could imagine that happeneing were if the spd ruled out a coalition with die linke , but i think that is unlikely and it is also unlikely that the spd will outperform the cdu/csu the distance between the union and the spd is not that big ... its definitely going to be an open race till the end this time , much different from the last elections . 
  they could also continue the grand coalition just with schulz as chancellor . 
  people want change , but it seems not too much change ? 
  a little bit of change ? 
  anyway , every party fights for themself first ... coalitions come after the election . 
  well , recent polls show that neither coalition options were particularly favored . 
  so maybe they should have kept quiet on this . 
  also , lets not forget , saarland was a local election ... 
  coincidentally , schulz has lost some momentum ever since he and the spd alluded that they would prefer a spd-fdp-green coalition ... 
   why should democratic mechanisms maximize representativeness ? 
  because its more democratic - thats the point of `` democratic mechanisms '' . 
  if people go vote and get no representation - why vote at all ? 
  i suggest this video : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9rgx91rq5i weimar constitution was a good constitution with some unfortunate loopholes . 
  but it wasn \u00b4 t really the reason for the failure of the state , that was really more because most germans rejected democracy and liberalism - it was the democracy with no democrats . 
  a constitution can be as good as it can be , if people reject democracy as a system , it doesn \u00b4 t matter . 
   it 'd be insane for the uk to copy germany 's political mechanisms . 
  not at all . 
  i suggest you actually take a look at the voting system for federal elections in germany , i am pretty sure it would serve the uk very well , if they adopted a similar system . 
  so what are enough votes ? 
  democracy is not the dictatorship of the majority . 
  thats why opposition rights exist . 
   it 's very representative as you vote for your local mp , not a political party . 
  that 's the theory . 
  thats only theory . 
  in reality , people vote for parties . 
   it generally produces very solid governments also . 
  is it the most democratic , no it is not , but it stops fringe minority views from a small party dictating the running of a country . 
  if you want democracy to be absolute , have a referendum for everything . 
  what you are describing sounds more like dictatorship-light where some people are kept out of the political system because of their opinion . 
  things don \u00b4 t have to be all black and white . 
  yes , absolute democracy would have referendums for everything . 
  but i could also say : if you want the most stable government , why not a full-on dictatorship ? 
  getting rid of those pesky elections would greatly increase stability ... 
  the system we have in germany produces a stable government while being much more representative . 
   because the majority of germans support those policies . 
  so , where is merkels absolute majority in parliament ? 
  apparently it does not exist !, 
  yay , another hilariously unrepresentative election coming ... first past the post is the bestest voting system / s, 
   it would also increase consumption . 
  big time . 
  i know you love them sausages and instead of the 2 you can currently buy you could probably buy 2.5 !, 
  it would simply ( slightly ) shift the focus of the economy . 
  also it is literally what you and the southern euros want ... of course not . 
  the wanted solution is one where the euro can exist . 
  also , it will not increase consumption , because it means saving would be more profitable again . 
  so in this sense it would decrease consumption . 
   it 's not about whether a lower valued currency is good for exports . 
  realistically the exports would go down - however they would not drastically slump and in return consumption would go up . 
  is n't balancing germany 's imports/exports exactly what you want ? 
  no , because that would hurt the german economy much more . 
  i am for the pragmatic solution , which is increase consumption and import in the eurozone . 
  leaving it would be a disaster ( no matter how `` well managed '' it is . 
  this would be like well-managing brexit ... )  it would also help the exports from southern europe to germany considering they would have a lower valued currency ... 
  so ... literally what you want . 
  sure ... at a much , much higher cost , it would . 
  it would also mean the death of one of the cornerstones of the european project . 
   to me it looks like you are n't actually interested in increasing german consumption , but interested in being a flagellant and a `` people who criticize the euro must be against eu/europe '' ideologue . 
  i am interested in a solution to the problems of the eu . 
  its a fact that germanys good economical situation comes at the cost of the other countries in the eurozone . 
  if possible , i would like to preserve the euro . 
  my deep worries are that more and more extremist right-parties come into power , which could threaten the whole eu project and also democracy itself . 
   how many people do you see dying in the streets of germany ? 
  ah , so the old `` its not poverty while people are not literally dying on the streets ''  wrong . 
  with a higher valued currency you and every other german could buy a whole bunch of more bratwursts . 
  it would also mean that our exports would get more expensive , which would hurt our economy big time . 
  its true that saving money right now is really not a good option ... which on the other hand also pushes our economy , because people are more likely to spend their money instead of saving it . 
   no , not if done properly . 
  you know ... germany managed just fine while in the eu but with its own currency . 
  stop cherry-picking . 
  on some things you are completely in line with german economists ( who have a minority-opinion on many things ) , but when it comes to the euro , you are of course doubting that it really has a big impact . 
  when in fact , it does . 
  the euro is a much weaker currency than the dm-mark , which is ideal for the export-oriented german economy . 
  oh , really ? 
  but its the german government that tries to dictate its policies on everyone else . 
  so really its not their responsibility . 
  its ours . 
  if we want to have the euro , everyone needs to compromise . 
  if this is impossible , well , then goodbye euro . 
  but again , this will hurt the german economy the most . 
  certainly more than increasing the minimum wage ... 
   it is . 
  other countries need to become more competitive well . 
  they have tried to do this for years now , with little result . 
  austerity only serves to strengthen extreme political parties , which seriously threatens the eu as a whole . 
   making germany less competitive is not the answer though , since it competes on the world market and would just lose market shares in china , and the usa , etc. 
  which would n't help france in the least . 
  to a certain extend true , but : when it comes to the world , we have a common currency . 
  if the whole eurozone is at the same `` competitiveness-level '' , the euro can be devalued accordingly to stay competitive on the global level . 
  in the eurozone , this is no option of course , because all countries have the same currency , which is why we have these problems right now . 
   southern europe is deaf to calls to get their shit together . 
  this arrogance is going to get us nowhere really fast . 
  the euro and the eu will break apart if the current trend continues . 
  if france elects either le pen or melenchon , the german government will loose the last real ally in the eu . 
  you may hope it doesn \u00b4 t happen this election ... but then there is always the next election when this could happen .
