  but lets just pretend everything is fine , preach austerity 100x more and cover our ears with our hands singing `` lalalalala '' when someone says we have a problem . 
  i am sure that will help . 
  discriminate low-skilled workers because ... i want the employers to pay them a wage they can live from ? 
  yeah right . 
  what backwards thinking . 
   it 's not like the currency itself is the problem , right . 
  germany profits the most from the common currency . 
  if you want to get rid of the euro , fine . 
  this will hurt the german economy even more . 
  i did n't say it was . 
  i said he tries to appease this crowd of people who do have an anti-eu sentiment . 
   raise the minimum wage ? 
  that i could support . 
  make temporary work a niche ? 
  that i could support . 
  these are two things , yes . 
  basically make the german consumers spend more , which in turn increases import . 
  germanys economy relies heavily on the export . 
  we have a big surplus , which means we export much more than we import . 
  not everyone can have an export surplus , because someone has to import all the stuff . 
  its simply not possible for everyone to have such a big export surplus , nor is it healthy . 
  thats why there are always calls for germany to lower the export surplus ( by importing more ) , which would help other countries balance their export-import-value . 
  the german government is deaf to those calls . 
  this is a bad sign for him . 
  macron apparently tries to appease anti-eu and anti-german voters who might vote for melenchon by saying this . 
  his support seems to be slipping . 
  a 2nd round melenchon vs. 
  le pen seems to becoming more and more likely . 
  he is not wrong though , of course . 
  germany profits more from the eu than other states . 
  just saying `` you need to become more competitive '' is no solution , on the contrary , it alienates our eu partners . 
  this is what the conservative knuckleheads will never understand . 
  the whole eu can \u00b4 t emulate germany , its simply not possible . 
  at this point , its seems more viable to sit erdogan out . 
  turkey has a very strong military and purges have been going on for months . 
  i think militarizing is not really an option for most people . 
  the kurds have tried this for decades now and they for sure did not achieve too much against the turkish army . 
  this is where the fun begins ... / s i have a bad feeling about this . 
  his holiness sultan, 
  well ... emigration from turkey , immigration into another country . 
  can you please stop being pedantic ? 
  thanks . 
  chances are that a conservative turk will be fine with erdogans rule . 
  because he is of the akp , which is an conservative islamist party . 
  also i am not a liberal myself . 
  neither am i a conservative . 
  all liberal turks better plan their immigration now ... this fight can \u00b4 t be won from the inside . 
  biased media , reported fraud in multiple instances , opposition party leaders in prison ... what a nice democracy !, 
  there is ideology behind that as well , so yeah . 
  claiming pragmatism as the trait of a certain ideology is only meant to classify other ideologies as `` unreasonable/crazy '' . 
  you could say , some people want to declare their politics as `` alternativlos '' ... 
  ah , so your ideology is the only correct one ? 
  is this what you want to say ? 
  i know enough about north korea . 
  i never said it wasn \u00b4 t a horrible regime . 
  still , this sudden `` oh , the citizens of north korea are suffering '' - excuse is extremely hollow and not honest . 
  the usa doesn \u00b4 t care for the suffering , its really more an excuse for trump to play strongman , after he saw that his syria intervention was popular . 
  i guess some people are really easily fooled , even by someone like trump . 
  nationalization of corporation and industries , nope . 
  they only thing they did was concentrate production on the military sector , which was needed for preparation of the war . 
  they did not take the wealth from the rich people of germany , as i said , they worked with them , these were some of the biggest supporters ( the krupp family , for example ) . 
  in a socialist country , like the ussr , the rich people would have lost all their wealth to the state . 
  this never happend in nazi germany . 
  wealth redistribution is a left-wing-trait . 
  building a racist national war machine is not . 
  everything you listed was done purely to make germany ready for war as fast as possible . 
  in the times of war , governments always exert as much control over the economy as possible , no matter if right-wing or left-wing . 
  did america become communist during the 2 . world war , because they concentrated production on arms ? 
  nope , they didn \u00b4 t. 
  but you don \u00b4 t want to understand it . 
  i will quote myself :  because `` state = left-wing '' ( even when it is purely for military ) is a pretty stupid equation that just exposes your simpleton mind . 
  well , i just told you what they did , none of that was left wing in any way . 
  but you are ignorant of reality , of course . 
  because `` state = left-wing '' ( even when it is purely for military ) is a pretty stupid equation that just exposes your simpleton mind . 
  what do you tell an anarchist , a major left-wing movement that is against any form of state - are they right-wing because of it ? 
  wow , you are an expert on this , i guess we have to rewrite all of history and political science because of your brilliant opinion !, 
  the nazis `` a left wing party with left wing ideals '' ? 
  alternative history right there in action ... you obviously don \u00b4 t know a thing about the nazi ideology , else you would know they were anything but `` left '' . 
  their economic policies were left ? 
  no , they were not . 
  having a strong military sector is not a left wing trait . 
  is the us a left-wing country because it has a very large military sector ? 
  no its not . 
  the nazis did not redistribute wealth , they did not nationalize key industries . 
  they did work together with the economic elites of germany , which is a 100 % right wing trait . 
  this is what is called state capitalism . 
  lastly , left wing ideals are completely incompatible with nationalism as a concept . 
  marx was of the opinion that the nation states would vanish in time , because of capitalism . 
  one of the reasons why the communists and socialists were the biggest enemies of the nazis . 
  i guess this post is wasted on you , but this revisionism from the right trying to declare the nazis left is pretty funny to me , and desperate . 
  the nazis were an extreme right party , which came into power in a coalition with other right wing parties . 
  one of the first things they did was destroy the communist and socialist parties , as well as the free unions . 
  your post is a disgrace and insult to all social democrats and communists who fought the nazis and perished . 
  conquering france is an ambition ? 
  why , when they surrender immediately ... thats not fun . 
  there are many oppressive regimes in the world , some of which with us support . 
  the usa definitely does not have the moral high-ground in this . 
  the only difference is that north korea has nuclear weapons and is hostile to the us government . 
  american invasion ? 
  that would be far too costly .
