  especially in the age of globalization . 
   well the poster above you showed an example where an extremely homogenous society functions well , bringing doubt on you previous statement . 
  the burden of proof is on you to demonstrate the superiority of heterogeneity to homogeneity on societal stability and growth . 
  japan , an society that functions well ? 
  hm , don \u00b4 t they have massive problems with the aging of the society ? 
  not working that well in this regard ... 
  besides : no , he doesn \u00b4 t have the burden to proof a whataboutism wrong . 
  hahahaha - good luck with that !, 
  i didn \u00b4 t really mean to imply anything more than climate change in regards to the right ( because this is what this thread is about ) since you asked me , when i think about it , another issue that comes to mind is the middle east : go and fuck up iraq because of a lie ( republican government under bush ) , but then refuse to take any responsibility for its consequences . 
  the most vehement deniers of climate change and defenders of fossil fuels are on the right . 
  the core of the basic human rights can \u00b4 t be changed according to article 19 basic law : https://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/gg/art_19.html there can be changes to the asylum system . 
  getting rid of the right ? 
  i don \u00b4 t think so . 
  nope . 
  it ca n't be . 
  that 's one of the rights in the german basic law guaranteed ** forever ** . 
  they had two options : either acquire nokia and try to save the phone business , or watch the phone business of the largest windows phone manufacturer crash completely . 
  i bet the sed would completely agree with this statement . 
  but sure , using drones to kill people - no murder . 
  yeah , lets be murderers again !, 
  lets do this !, 
  do n't break the right `` we in our fortress '' - circlejerk !, 
  reality , who needs that . 
  a wall in the ocean !, 
  brilliant !, 
  htc barely exists anymore , they may close down soon if it continues like it is now . 
  merely existing doesn \u00b4 t mean that you really are alive . 
  blackberry also exists , who cares about them now ? 
  its more like being a zombie : not really dead but also not alive . 
  there are no winners in the smartphone market , besides samsung and apple ( and maybe huawei in the future ) . 
  exactly . 
  deny and create problems , and then propose the most inhumane solutions . 
  muh neocolonialism and superiority . 
  because that really was a success . 
  the symbian phones did reasonably well in the developing world , but the question would be , how long . 
  also , in the developing world , the phones are really cheap , not much profit to be made there . 
  in your suggested scenario , they would have had a really fractured lineup . 
  each system needs care and development , wouldn \u00b4 t have been sustainable for long . 
  the shrinking would have happened regardless with all the lay-offs etc. 
  - it is doubtful they could have operated very profitable or innovative in this scenario . 
  the result would have been essentially the same , nokia vanishing as a relevant player . 
  windows phone was a risky bet that could have paid off ( but didn \u00b4 t for various reasons ) . 
  if it would have been a success , nokia would have been the leader in a market they controlled . 
  didn \u00b4 t happen , but its only alternative would have been going with android . 
  which also would have been disastrous . 
   if nokia had n't killed n9 even before it was launched , they would probably be still alive today . 
  doubtful . 
  nokia on its own couldn \u00b4 t have stayed in the market with their own system . 
  they needed a system provider who would develop the system for them while they could concentrate on the hardware . 
  which meant either android or windows . 
  in both cases , nokia was likely screwed . 
  what you said doesn \u00b4 t make sense . 
  microsoft didn \u00b4 t want to take nokia over , they had to . 
  nokia would have crashed regardless . 
  elop was brought in as an outsider , because nokias own managers were still stuck in the past . 
  when elop came it , it was already to late to save nokias leadership role in the market . 
  thats revisionist and really to be doubted . 
  there is no differentiation in android , and nokias market-share would have dropped even faster . 
  look at htc or any other manufacturer other than samsung - where is their success with android ? 
  * branded * is the key word here . 
  itt : people who don \u00b4 t know that the german constitution absolutely does not allow a refugee-cap . 
  she came here as a puppy , so i am pretty sure its hochdeutsch by now . 
  happy birthday , romania !, 
  hope the country manages to overcome all problems and to become one of the most important members of the union !, 
  fittingly , this is also the 3rd birthday of our first dog - [ aisha ] ( http://i.imgur.com/55wgn8w.jpg ) - who was adopted from a romanian shelter . 
  so , happy birthday to our romanian girl !, 
  as the k.u.k. 
  monarchy fell apart , all the ethnic-minorities that were oppressed before declared independence . 
  this left hungary in a pretty bad situation , as they were the main partner of the german-austrians in the war and the oppressor of said minorities . 
  so after the ceasefire hungary declared its withdrawal from the k.u.k. 
  union . 
  they tried to claim the lands they had while in the union ( kingdom of hungary / transleithania ) , but they were unable to enforce their rule against the newly formed states . 
  also , it was basically chaos in hungary , with a short period of socialist rule under bela kun . 
  in 1919 , the the hungarian-romanian-war occurred , where the hungarians tried to win back the territory lost to romania . 
  they lost and romanian troops occupied budapest , the socialist republic was dissolved . 
  so they were beaten and had really no choice but to accept the new borders and the treaty of trianon that followed . 
  their neighbors also had an alliance against them ( little entente ) , which was of course meant as a safeguard to stop any revisionism . 
  yes , it did . 
  still , if the entente wanted , it probably could have crushed the turkish forces . 
  turkey greatly profited from the war-weariness . 
  erdogan and turkish nationalists complaining about lausanne is shameful . 
  i think some of the dumbest npd idiots still speak of east germany as `` mitteldeutschland '' and want to claim the `` lost territories '' back . 
  but besides them ... oh , and reichsb\u00fcrger . 
  because according to them , the reich still exists in the borders of 1937 or 1914 . 
  not as it used too . 
  but yes , in general you are right . 
  yes , we can . 
  we are the proof that a nation can put its past behind it . 
  others can do it too . 
  at some point , its better to let go than to grief about it for another hundred years . 
  remembering the past is important . 
  seeing it through rose-colored nationalistic glasses is not . 
  well , i don \u00b4 t , because i wouldn \u00b4 t exist without that misguided decision . 
  so thank you sopron for that . 
  ah , thank you for the link . 
  remember [ this little map ] ( http://pressechronik1933.dpmu.de/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/akip_1919.jpg ) , which was used in schools after ww1 ? 
  good times . 
  i guess this really `` inspired '' the german people for `` greatness '' ... too bad hungary still has traditions like this one . 
  hm , i do n't remember one in sopron . 
  maybe i overlooked it ?
