  thats why they are at 6,5 % in this poll . 
  so a report on the actions of the israelian prime minister behaving like some sort of dictator is `` anti israeli '' ? 
  right ... 
  hint : your prime minister is responsible for this , because he created this situation . 
  telling foreign guests who to meet and whom to not meet ( besides terrorists group ) is outrageous and unworthy of a democracy . 
  how big the effects of these reforms were is highly controversial actually . 
  economics is a complex matter and there are many different factors . 
  there is also the euro , which really helped our economy . 
  you mean the people who don \u00b4 t want to vote in the second round as well ? 
  considering macron represents the opposite in the economic area , not voting seems a choice like many people who voted for melenchon would take . 
  because neither le pen nor macron represent what they would want . 
  be glad it isn \u00b4 t fillion . 
  if it was , the number of abstention from the left would be much higher . 
  what does that mean ? 
  france signed an armistice with germany in june 1940 . 
  in effect , france surrendered the northern part of the country as well as all of the atlantic coast , while the south of the country could remain `` free '' as a neutral rump-state . 
  the south would remain `` free '' until 1942 when the nazis decided to occupy the rest of vichy-france . 
  you can read more on it here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armistice_of_22_june_1940#terms, 
  thats a cool comparison . 
  is there one for melenchon as well , that would interest me . 
  well , but if we focus on the economic program ( as you did ) , macron much closer to fillion than le pen is . 
  that is a bit off . 
  melenchon should be in the upper left sector , although not by much . 
  macron should less to the right but more to the bottom . 
  le pen should basically be in the upper right corner . 
  what about the so-called christian democrats of the les republicans ? 
  they are the sister party of the cdu/csu and a bigger part of the fillion voters would vote for le pen ( in comparison with melechon ) . 
  melenchon and le pen are both protest votes for some people . 
  from a policy point of view , they are very far away , so lets not try to paint a different picture . 
  melenchon isn \u00b4 t completely against the eu either , but he would want changes ( as opposed to le pen , who is categorically against it ) . 
  that border-gore in transylvania ... looks like hungary has a tumor . 
  i am sure bulgarians , hungarians and croatians would like these borders though . 
  if the nazis would have won , this would have been eventually incorporated into germany . 
  the plan was german settlement and germanization . 
  short-term thinking is really a problem we have in western democracies - always thinking only to the next elections can produce some problems . 
  with macron pretty much cleared to become the next president of france , i doubt the eu will fail this year . 
  as long as france stays in , the core of the eu remains intact . 
  sure , of course , many things can happen . 
  though i really think that the deciding factor is the economy . 
  foreign policy , brexit etc. 
  will certainly factor in , but if the french economy isn \u00b4 t getting better , i don \u00b4 t think the anti-establishment-mood will go away . 
  please no generalizations . 
  as someone who has grandparents who had to flee , i would never vote afd , neither would they or my parents ... maybe the majority of the russian-german , though , i heard that the afd is very popular there . 
  well well , looks like france will have a liberal president for the next 5 years ( if round two goes as expected ) . 
  i was hoping to see a fight melenchon vs. macron for round two , but , oh well , can \u00b4 t have everything . 
  certainly , this is much better than fillion going in for the second round , the only scenario where i feared that le pen might win . 
  but i always like to think ahead . 
  in 5 years , macron will have to defend his position . 
  one thing that makes me a bit nervous is the fact that we now had 5 years of hollande , which lead to this very close election . 
  what will happen if france gets 5 years more `` of the same '' ? 
  will the extreme parties become even stronger , especially the fn ? 
  my worry is that this is just a set-up for the next election , which could bring the victory of le pen . 
  the situation remains extremely difficult . 
  macron is a compromise-choice , a continuation of hollande you could say ( as he even served as minister of economics under hollande ) . 
  dangerous ... 
  i don \u00b4 t know why she is a fascist . 
  probably because her farther was one , has to be in the family . 
  nationalism in its original form yes . 
  but not radical nationalism . 
  not fascism . 
  they are also poles apart from the branch of nationalism and fascism that le pen promotes . 
  more likely , trying to have a post that is not downvoted into oblivion, 
   but turkey lost its core values and will probably never be able to recover from erdogan precisely what would happen if le pen would win . 
  as far as i understand , national-conservative , positioned between le pen and fillion . 
  sees himself as the true successor of de gaulle . 
  no , you definitely don \u00b4 t understand what either ideologies are . 
  racism is just one component of fascism , which is needed to create a sense of unity in the people . 
  the nazis were the main enemies of the communists and socialists , no matter what their party name was ( mostly done as a trick ) . 
  fascism is a inherently ultra-conservative , backwards ideology . 
  socialism is not , its very optimistic for the future . 
  also , fascism does not include redistribution of wealth , at all . 
  which is why the nazis worked so closely with the rich people of germany . 
  in socialism , the rich people are the enemies . 
  fascism endorses nationalism , socialism endorses internationalism . 
  wrong . 
  she is a fascist . 
  which is completely incompatible with being socialist . 
  the counting is not over yet , not even the majority of votes have been counted . 
  no need to be hasty . 
  macron is the definition of an establishment candidate . 
  why should he support a fascist ? 
  he should tell them to support neither . 
  well they are right . 
  hamon should have dropped out after the polls started to show the clear advantage for melenchon and after people from his own party endorsed macron ( what i treason that was ) . 
  i feel like we are seeing the end of the traditional french party system . 
  wonder if the ps will still exist in its current form for the next election . 
   the fact that she 'll probably be second in this round is a huge surprise and only due to macron . 
  not at all . 
  before he was hit by the scandal , fillion was projected to take the pole-position in the first round . 
  it would have been pretty surprising if le pen would have won the first round . 
  macron was chosen not because he was particularly good . 
  he was chosen because people saw him as the last alternative . 
  she is . 
  although she and her party try to conceal it in every possible way . 
  because the iranians got rid of the shah and his regime , which was friendly towards the west . 
   by that logic no one has ever ruled the world , there are always north koreas and irans of the world , countries which manage to stay out of superpowers sphere of influence . 
  there is a difference between a few countries staying out of the influence of super-powers and two continents being free . 
  again , the european nations did not conquer asia and africa until the 19th century , which is when they really `` ruled '' . 
   britain still is a major power , and i do n't think this will change in anyone 's lifetime who is adult now . 
  its a regional power that has nuclear weapons .
