  just for fun ? 
  it might have been not as pronounced as in other countries , but the same economic logic was also applied in germany . 
  you are treating everyone who doesn \u00b4 t agree with you like an idiot . 
  neoliberalism failed , it will fail again . 
  this time we have spread out our important institutions throughout the whole country , so , jokes on them !, 
  destroy the whole country again . 
  people who give a shit about your opinion ( someone who wants to see germany destroyed ) : 0 %, 
  i wasn \u00b4 t talking about ceta , more the economical direction in general . 
  regarding ceta , the most important thing for me is that it does not impair our democracy . 
  the bverfg has allowed it for now , though they will check it again . 
  i am for trade , if it respects the democracy and the labor , environment and product standards . 
  ceta seems to be a pretty good deal . 
  is it good enough ? 
  i don \u00b4 t know , we will see . 
  it is clear that it is a better deal then ttip could have ever been , but the question is : at what prize . 
   great environmental track record well ... you might want to check out the topic of oil sand . 
  but since the elections were not held yet , nothing is certain as of now . 
  so why do you make it sound like that ? 
  still more then half a year to go ... 
   economic common sense . 
  economic common sense ? 
  why did the 2007 crisis happen again ? 
  oh , right . 
  2 decades of `` trickle down economics '' which don \u00b4 t work . 
  still trying to brand any other economic policy direction as `` crazy '' , come on , thats becoming really old ... it doesn \u00b4 t work anymore . 
  is he ? 
  it is said he is close to it , but i don \u00b4 t think he is a member . 
  gabriel is a member . 
   same reason a large number of afd voters originally came from die linke . 
  a large number ? 
  i would say `` some number '' . 
  the largest number came from the cdu . 
  i don \u00b4 t know if you can attribute that really to the spd policies , its more complicated then that . 
  there are many factors at play in the economy . 
  i would say he is between them . 
  doesn \u00b4 t mean they are the best chancellors though . 
  and as a note , they also have the two chancellors who had the shortest terms ( kiesinger and erhard ), 
  but why ? 
  even if they get less then 1/3 ( which would be my hope as well ) , you would still need all other parties to change the constitution . 
  and they won \u00b4 t work together ( afd , die linke and fdp are inherently incompatible ) . 
  so why is it relevant ? 
  sure , but they also didn \u00b4 t have bad relations per se . 
  but france and germany had bad relations . 
  actually , the weimar republic and the soviet union cooperated in the military area . 
  they did this in secret , because it was illegal for them to do so . 
  being more or less isolated brought both closer together . 
  stating historical facts it one thing , using them to paint a certain picture is something different . 
  it was a factor . 
  one of the key factors ? 
  maybe , maybe not , it wasn \u00b4 t the deciding factor , thats for sure . 
  but it was definitely not what made them loose the huge number of their population . 
  and definitely not connected to the armenian genocide , [ like you suggest ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5rn0xm/european_demographic_losses_in_the_first_world/dd8qdwx/ ) . 
   the coal steel pact could have been made in the 1920s if they tried properly . 
  of course not . 
  this would not happen with a humiliated germany and a france that still saw germany as the greatest threat ( which was kinda true ) . 
  so maybe change * could have * into * should have * . 
  because this definitely could not have happened . 
  yes , there were politicians like stresemann and briand who were in favor of cooperation , but they were a small minority back then . 
  it is unrelated to it . 
  you are trying to paint a picture where the arab revolt was the most important factor ( `` britan wrecked them from the south '' ) . 
  but historians agree that it wasn \u00b4 t the deciding factor in the war . 
   in hindsight the us would 've passed everyone either way . 
  true , but a british empire unaffected by the war could have remained a world dominating power much longer . 
  alongside germany of course , which would have dominated the continent in the case of britains abstinence from the war . 
  all speculation naturally . 
  alternate history is interesting to think about , but pointless in the end i guess . 
  the armenian genocide was not an `` arab revolt '' . 
  that is some nationalistic propaganda there ( just refer to the comment by / u/az _ r50 / ) ... though it makes sense that you would try to glorify the past . 
  the funny thing is : in hindsight , the british empire might have been stronger if it stayed out of the war . 
  the war lost the empire its position despite the victory . 
  pick one of these points : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/geographical_midpoint_of_europe i vote for the current center of the eu ( which is nearby , considering i live in the town that was the last center of the eu before the current one ) !, 
  you mean french ? 
  living the blue life :-), 
  it would be good if he drops out , his extreme neoliberal positions would make the situation in france only worse and make a victory of le pen in the next-next election more likely . 
  while macron also has liberal positions , he is not as extreme . 
  he would be better for france than fillion . 
  never go full french . 
  look , germany is still a democracy . 
  our soldiers have a clear mission by the parliament - help fight isis . 
  the mission is not `` help fight isis but also the kurds , who are the biggest opponent of isis in syria '' . 
  so your country gets intel on isis , but not the kurds . 
  deal with it . 
  if you don \u00b4 t want to be a member in nato anymore , feel free to close that base in incirlik . 
  i like people not copy - pasting posts , which is a definite trait of trolls, 
  stop copy - pasting your stupid trollpost . 
  the protestors want to give transilvania back to hungary , obviously . 
  there have been radical islamists around here long before 2015 . 
  even if the borders would have stayed closed , there would be these problems ... 
  yeah , thats the answer one would expect from someone like you . 
  as is tradition . 
  not a separate country , just the second region of serbia ( banat ) . 
  i am sure austria is working on it ... :-), 
  i think what he is referring to is that the eu pushes regulations on the member states that can be considered neo-liberal , preventing them from taking a different path economically . 
  the eu commisions since the mid 90s were all dominated by the epp , which is a collection of neo-liberal parties ( only exception is the prodi commision ) . 
  the last one led by a social democrat was the delors commision in the late 80s/early 90s , which is considered one of the most progressive , strongest commisions, 
  wow , you created a new account for this post ? 
  thats great , high energy right there ... of course , martin schulz has nothing to do with the agenda 2010 , he was not part of the german government or even a very big figure inside the spd back then . 
  but sure . 
  i guess alternative facts ? 
  read his post history .
