  we will see . 
  this will be the essential fearmonger strategy of the cdu of course , but if the cdu is behind the spd and if there is no other possible government , i dare the cdu to say no :-) reelections are not the most popular thing ... as for the fdp , who knows . 
  they have not said no to it yet , unlike the last elections . 
  so this is not impossible . 
  i would say the fdp and the spd have not the best relationship - but the same is true for the left and the spd . 
  how so ? 
  a spd-green-fdp or spd-cdu/csu government would not necessarily be more pro-russian . 
  with the recent surge of the spd in the polls , both of these options are not completely impossible . 
  right now it seems possible for the first time that merkel might loose the election . 
  now starts the campaigning till september , lets see who comes out on top at the end . 
  i never said the people should not be asked . 
  switzerland has a very different history from elsass . 
  i would say its a more beautiful anthem than our current one , just based on the music alone , but its still a very awkward situation . 
  this reminds me about the time when they played the ddr anthem instead of the brd anthem ... cringe . 
  just don \u00b4 t play any anthem at all at such events , problem solved . 
  this was happening after ww2 as well , so not long ago . 
  maybe the dialect would get lost ( though there are regions in germany where dialects are very well and alive , baden-w\u00fcrttemberg for example ) . 
  however , the difference is that france still has not ratified the ecrml . 
  combine this with the history of france trying to destroy the local dialect . 
  at least that was heavily scaled back in the last decades , but the language is still not recognized as official . 
  as for the history , you are generalizing the period in the kaiserreich . 
  the tensions were mostly present when bismark ruled , so until 1890 , because of the kulturkampf as well . 
  they slowly disappeared . 
  elsass-lothringen was still not a completely formed state inside germany , though they made progress there . 
  of course elsass was part of france for more then 100 years when it was annexed by germany in 1871 , so it was clear there would be some tensions . 
  it is worth mentioning though that it was part of the holy roman empire before ever since the 10th century ad . 
  mostly , to the people , because of the language that is slowly lost in elsass . 
  language is also a part of their culture & identity , its unique . 
  france is still one of the countries that treats minority languages in the worst way in europe . 
   actually i think that no cities , streets , rivers etc. 
  should be ever renamed . 
  and what communists did was wrong . 
  in this case , st. petersburg would still be called petrograd . 
  it might be that there are no more germans living in the lost eastern territories . 
  but in elsass , there are still many people talking german ( well , not high german , but the specific dialect ) . 
  i am not sure of course , that might be a reason . 
  anyway , i don \u00b4 t think anyone really thinks elsass would come back to germany . 
  it might be an injustice , but this is a similar situation as in south tirol , the borders are set , you have to live with it . 
  only extremists would want to change it . 
  at least the elsass-german dialect isn \u00b4 t outlawed anymore . 
  also could be that it is just a reddit thing . 
  reddit distorts reality . 
  isn \u00b4 t that a part of microsoft now ? '', 
  that sound like a job for boris johnson or nigel farage ... / s, 
  good . 
  a rushed electoral law reform is not something i would have wanted . 
  its not really that outrageous compared to other european countries, 
  enjoy the vodka , ivan . 
  yes , i did . 
  but i don \u00b4 t think its coincidental that this comes out of russia right now . 
  a corrupt regime is easier to control . 
  of course , the fight against corruption clearly makes romania a threat and an enemy of russia . 
  some men just want to see the world burn . 
  don \u00b4 t fight it guys . 
  the netherland are coming for you , they will claim all the north sea and britain with it . 
  resistance is futile . 
  assimilation begins . 
  i was there a few years ago , very impressive . 
  actually , both have lost some points recently , the afd as well . 
  i can understand the need for pragmatism , i think a good politician should be pragmatic as well . 
  however , before an election , i would expect a politician to create some plans , make some promises for election , lay out his vision , so i know what this politician stands for . 
  the pragmatism comes after the election when the visions might be tried and then you will have to see what works and what does not . 
  \u00d6zdemir , kretschmann , g\u00f6ring-eckhardt ... they all seem to run on a strategy `` lets not touch anything , because it might explode in our face '' - what i mean by that , they are avoiding any controversy by just not committing to anything or really saying anything concrete ( besides the status quo ) . 
  they are like wet fish , slippery , you can \u00b4 t grab them . 
  i just see no reason at all why someone would vote for a green party lead by them over cdu or spd . 
  the greens are essentially a smaller version of both of these parties combined . 
  anything special ? 
  not really . 
  some ecologic policy snippets here and there . 
  their special topic was the anti-nuclear-power position , and well , thats not an issue anymore ... don \u00b4 t get me wrong : if you want the status quo , thats completely fine , but then you should vote cdu i think . 
  because they are the party that represents the status quo the most , since they are the most powerful ruling party . 
  `` of course son . 
  you might not have yellow hair , but with your orange skin , you can achieve anything ! '', 
   g\u00f6ring eckhardt , \u00d6zdemir and kretschmann all are decent . 
  all of them could be in the cdu . 
  also , they have won the fight inside the greens . 
  the only question is - why are they so low in the polls ... i wonder if it has anything to do with them being bland and flexible policy wise ... / s  then of course you got shitheads like hofreiter ... 
  the question is , why is he a shithead ? 
  because he is a tiny bit left , like almost all the greens back in the day ? 
  i agree he has a terrible hairstyle , but policy wise , he actually seems quite knowledgeable at times . 
  you should try reading youtube comments , if you want to loose all hope in humanity . 
  works great . 
  all great leaders are !!!, 
  haven \u00b4 t you heard , america has the bestest leader ever now and the netherlands will join in . 
  now , boris johnson needs to be the pm of the uk , and the set would be complete . 
  i agree with you . 
  however , there is one country that should be split : belgium . 
  fake country # 1 :-), 
  on the other hand , what good is it for a party to be in government if you have to give up core points of your program ... it will only cost them voters in the next election . 
  in the end , i guess someday we will see if they are willing to take over ( part of ) the government or not . 
   that being said , we gladly welcome / u/fluchpunkt on the dark side ( literally ) at least you admit it . 
  they won \u00b4 t rule anything out at this time , i think . 
  as they shouldn \u00b4 t , not ruling out a government does not mean that they will form a government - it means that they might discuss the formation of a government . 
  but a government can only be formed on the basis of compromise . 
  so if the linke is really as dominated by hardliners , they will not be able to form a government anyway . 
  i think the spd is hoping that a spd-green-fdp coalition is possible . 
  or a grand coalition under the leadership of the spd . 
  rrg has many enemies inside all three parties ... its as always with the political left , spend more time infighting than actually working together to reach common goals . 
   actually i can and the un agrees with me !, 
  well , no , it does not .
