  it actually does n't . 
  the eu has the second largest military budget after the us beating out china and russia . 
  the eu has also more active soldiers than the us and 2x as much as russia . 
  and this figure does n't even include european countries that are allied but not part of the eu . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/military_of_the_european_union the nato without the us would still have 2,2 million active soldiers or 5,1 million if you include the reserves . 
  trump is complaining that nato is n't spending the 2 % gdp , but neither is china they 're only spending 1,5 % them selves . 
  why should we spend that much when we are already out powering any potential threat ? 
  the only real thing that needs to happen in the eu is a unifying of forces , the budget itself is fine . 
  as a german you are very wrong . 
  we 've done several other military interventions like afghanistan for far smaller reasons . 
  the eu is a pillar stone of the modern german state and any forces that try to attack a eu member would be punished by germany and france , even the more social parties would not tolerate any action against an eu country . 
  most people associate the uk with high end brands in all kinds of industries . 
  burberry ( clothing ) , marshall ( guitar amps ) , aston martin ( cars ) ect . 
  flair checks out !, 
  they do n't support russia nor putin in fact most have a heavy anti russia stance , due to their imperialism and their human rights violations . 
  i 've read the most recent book from katja kipping and she 's very russia critical in the book , especially in regards to their interventions in syria and the ukraine . 
  the major difference in stance from die linke regarding russia is that they want a long term diplomatic solution that also involves them . 
  they do n't see the current nato framework as something that will keep long term peace in europe nor the middle east as long as we have this strong east/west divide . 
  they 're also far more pacifistic in general compared to the other parties . 
  they are strict against weapons sales to the middle east and africa . 
  there is even more . 
  they took control of several smaller german kingdoms at the time as well like mainz . 
  that 's not the reason . 
  germany is simply a kid/family unfriendly country . 
  school system is extremely crappy on social levels , childcare has been an ongoing issue , young people are mostly on timed contracts , low house ownership , low interest rates makes saving harder ect . 
  it 's political and systematic problem not a cultural one . 
  long term planning for the younger generation has been a large issue in the current system . 
  still better than berlin, 
  it would n't as the young generation grew up with the eu and many people that age participated in the benefits/programs of the eu . 
  the generations grew up in different political climates , which is why there is a voting divide , not because of the actual age difference . 
  especially in the age of the internet europeans are more connected than ever , so many younger people have regular contact with other europeans outside of their country , which the older generation lacks . 
  the internet plays a large role in why this generation is more inclusive to foreigners and the eu project in general . 
  we happily invite you to become the 17th bundesland . 
  germany has one of the highest gay acceptance in the world far greater than most blue countries on the map . 
  and the civil unions already grant 99 % of the same rights for way over a decade now . 
  the issue here is mostly about semantics . 
  nobody is willing to actually do something about it as they simply feel no need too . 
  they can openly live it out with large public acceptance , go to gay clubs , have a civil union , many churches even hold marriage ceremonies for gay couples ect . 
  the only real issue is adoption , but that is unrelated to the civil union and is more of a child care question and has actually nothing to do with being gay , but with a concern of the missing mother figure . 
  adoption in germany is pretty much impossible outside of being a young well situated couple as the process is very very selective compared to most countries . 
  the key to have real freedom in regards to being gay is the public acceptance . 
  the us as an example has gay marriage , but only because the court forced it . 
  but the public acceptance is really low , so even though it 's legal many gays ca n't live it out without having social repercussions or even fear being attacked verbally or even physically . 
  this is not the case in germany here they can live it out and be open about it , be it with family , friends , in work , or in school . 
  you 're literally falling right into their trap . 
  the reason the us does n't like the eu is because they are of equal power . 
  this situation bothers the us , as it decrease their influence , so they like the eu to split into small nation states that they can control . 
  a strong eu protects us from the large nations . 
  without it you 'll be played by them to their rules . 
  i 'll give you an historic example . 
  a main reason germany was formed is , because the small kingdom states were getting pushed around by the larger nations around them like france , so they formed a single entity that was stronger than its neighbours . 
  and the same formula applies to europe as whole . 
  a country like the netherlands or germany ca n't compete with the us or china , but the eu together can not only compete , but surpass them . 
  they are scared of water . 
  as a german i would say it 's the other way around , 
  population size is irrelevant with healthcare as it scales accordingly . 
  some examples are germany or japan . 
  actualy i think bavaria can leave if it wants . 
  bavaria has some special cases that other bundesl\u00e4nder do n't have due to the fear of them not rejoining germany after ww2 . 
  that 's also why the cdu/csu split exists . 
  back then bavaria leaving and becoming independent like austria was a real possibility . 
  those are states , counties , and regions . 
  some countries in europe have states just like the us . 
  china is n't seen positive here at all , but with the path they are currently on it seems likely that they 'll seem more eu friendly than a us lead by republicans under trump . 
  us foreign policy is the number one reason as well as their strong capitalistic unsocial view . 
  on top thousands of other smaller things that piled up over the last while . 
  i 'm german/american so i have this conversation with people here quiet regularly . 
  modern us values are opposing to modern german values in quiet a lot of important topics and now with trump and the gop running the country this will be just enhanced even more . 
  you 'll rarely here anything positive from germans about the current us , in fact how it 's currently shaping up china will probably be seen more positive than the us in a few years . 
  seems to be accurate for the most part . 
  some dark red areas are missing in germany though . 
  some counties with an average of 65k $ + are not dark red on the map . 
  we will no worries . 
  well only if you join germany as well because asutria is coming back to us , 
  this is the case with most modern looking european cities . 
  frankfurt as an example looks modern because it was pretty much completely bombed to the ground : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e5/frankfurt_1945_june_destructions_after_bombing_raids_old_town_aerial.jpg, 
  honestly it 's not that bad . 
  it 's not that much different from many regions in germany especially the areas around prague are in really good shape and on western european standard . 
  the infrastructure in prague as an example is much better than most cities in the us . 
  ( just try it out on google maps , do a random drop in seattle with street view and then in prague . 
  seattle will be much worse in most areas . ), 
  the main problem are the relative low wages compared to most of the wealthier eu countries . 
  nato at it 's current spending outnumbers russia by literally 10x the soldiers and massively in air and naval power . 
  italy , germany , france and the uk together outnumber russia in capability without even accounting for the rest of the eu or the us . 
  my point is that we already have 0 realistic threat from china or russia and no else is remotely capable to wage a war against us . 
  if anything we should unify the spending and make a eu army . 
  2 % for every member would be way to much and a total waste of money . 
  against who are we spending that money ? 
  china spends just 1,4 % and while russia spends a huge amount of their gdp , that only seems so much because their gdp is so low . 
  europe without the us already outnumbers russia as well as china and that at its current rates . 
  and china has no interest in a war as we are their biggest trading partners they like stability and control . 
  russia is a different topic , but they do not have anywhere near the resources to attack any eu member let alone nato . 
  you are acting like the us government creates that military equipment and its technology , but those are government funded projects executed by private companies like lockheed , boeing etc. 
  that all have counterparts in europe some counterparts being even better . 
  the us military being so strong is based on its large funding and the private companies of each sector executing those big projects with know how . 
  europe already does this on smaller scale projects and is in those on par and sometimes even better than the us counter parts as it has just as many advanced companies to execute any project desired . 
  what the eu lacks are large scale projects , due to it not having a unified funding in its current structure . 
  companies like airbus or bae will produce you just as good aircrafts as lockheed or boeing if you give them sufficient funding to do so . 
  germany already produces tanks on par with the us . 
  and europe already produces some of best rifles in the world many better than what the current us military uses .
