and how do you plan on protecting social democracy from russia , china , and the us ? 
  we are small nations in europe and we alone have not enough power to go against the influence that the us , china , or russia project on us . 
  the whole point is to secure european values , which are no different in nordic countries . 
  we want protection of our social democratic values , which are the core of modern europe . 
  a united eu will protect unions , healthcare , social programms , an open/diverse society , and a defensive military . 
  you are misunderstanding the actual current situation in germany . 
  we had civil unions for over a decade and gay acceptance is literally 2nd highest in the world far higher than most countries that allow for gay marriage . 
  it is very much highly modern and forward thinking in that regard , gay couples holding marriage ceremonies is pretty common in germany even done by protestant churches . 
  in germany civil unions give about 98 % of the same rights already . 
  due to this even within the gay community there is rarely any outcry , because people do n't bother to push for the last 2 % as it 's mostly semantics and paper work that needs to be changed . 
  the only actual problem has been adoption , but even there it is mostly paper work and semantics . 
  austrians considered them selves germans pre ww2 . 
  the country was literally called republic of german-austria from 1918 until the `` anschluss '' . 
  it 's exactly that . 
  there is even a letter from mozart where he calls himself german . 
  being german is a people 's group/ethnicity not just a nationality . 
  all german speaking people in the htr were called german that includes austria and the german parts of swiss . 
  ( i 'm pretty sure luxembourg was considered german at the time as well . ), 
  media is only a part of it . 
  english education is just really bad in germany with barely any focus on actual speech in schools . 
  so often times they can write and understand , but barely speak . 
  how to pronounce words is also pretty much completely ignored in school . 
  on top of that english as a mandatory class starts at 5th grade , which is pretty late compared to many other countries . 
  yep , that 's what most people i know do as well . 
  i also see the reverse happening where the parents then move in with their kids in their 60s-70s and the old house then gets sold or rented out as additional income for the parents . 
  no they have a full separate apartment in the building , here in germany this is common as well . 
  many houses are split in an apartment per floor with everything separate . 
  it basically works like this : kid moves out of the main part and gets a full apartment in the building . 
  when the kid starts a family he either gets the full house and the parents move into the apartment or he buys a new house and then parents often move in with him at old age . 
  the older house then gets rented away as additional income or sold . 
  this allows you to save up big chunks of money and often time leads to families having 2 or more houses . 
  russia does not even scratch nato when it comes to military not even combined with china . 
  i think them taking ukraine might be a possibility . 
  but finnland and sweden are in the eu and with that extremely important to all eu members . 
  any agression would be seen as against the whole eu due to the shared border and economies . 
  because the article is pushing it as if it were positive . 
  but in reality it 's mostly due to lack of workers rights/unions , which forces people in the us to work longer , have less holidays , less sick days , less parental leave if any at all ect . 
  unless you 're at a really top end company working conditions are from a eu perspective pretty bad in most of the us . 
  i for one welcome our danish overlords , 
  keep in mind that the data is from 2011 . 
  i would suspect the map looks different now . 
  all the german states are different from each other and have different dialects and cultures . 
  you need to remember that they all were independent countries just like austria , switzerland , or lichtenstein and are with that different from each other . 
  it is n't unified in the sense of the original idea , because of austria and the territorial losses . 
  but modern germany gave that up a long time ago so yes it 's unified in the modern sense . 
  how about we make wien the capital ? 
  weird version of italian . 
  we have amazing food like sauerbraten : https://media.holidaycheck.com/data/urlaubsbilder/images/41/1157958665.jpg and no pies ? 
  there are tons of german classics like the `` schwarzw\u00e4lder kirchtorte '' http://images.lecker.de/schwarzwaelder-kirschtorte-f3903301,id=21a09310,b=lecker,w=440,h=440,cg=c.jpg and we also have the best sausages and beer . 
  you can join too austria :d you 'll get a basket of cookies if you join !, 
  it 's not that germans do n't want to speak english . 
  many germans simply ca n't speak english on a conversational level . 
  schools in germany mostly focus on written english and the speaking aspect is heavily overlooked so people really suck at it . 
  and due to little exposure they forget most of it again after school . 
  the fluent ones are mostly people that consume a lot of english media or are active in the english speaking parts of the internet like here on reddit . 
  most people in luxembourg speak german fluently . 
  you are better off speaking german in luxembourg than english . 
  when i visited earlier this year i just spoke german in the stores and they all were fluent . 
  and a lot of descriptions are in german and french as well . 
  the defnition is kind of stupid in my opinion , because it makes it seem like they are foreigners that migrated to germany . 
  but if one parent is german than they 're native . 
  they would have a german mother or father , german grandparents , german great grandparents and they likely would grow up under german culture and speak german native at home . 
  i do n't think that is comparable to as an example someone with 2 foreign parents that got then neutralized in germany . 
  but under the defintion it would be the same which it is n't in reality . 
  in austria as an example both parents would need to be foreign to be defined under `` migrationshintergrund '' , which makes much more sense . 
  this was my exact thought when i was reading the title xd, 
  the eu alone has 2x more active soldiers than russia . 
  and this at the current 1.4 % spending compared to their nearly 7 % spending . 
  they would get crushed purely by the numbers even without nato . 
  russia is n't a super power anymore and if we take nato into account then this is n't even worth a discussion . 
  the german reich pre ww2 . 
  you do realize that most people with dual citizenship are born with both citizenships , because they have parents from 2 different countries ? 
  as an example when a german and norwegian marry their kid would be by birth norwegian/german dual citizen due to jus sanguinis . 
  that has nothing to do with shopping for citizenships what so ever . 
  in fact that 's only legal way to even have dual citizenship in germany as the law does n't allow for dual citizenship with jus suli or through neutralization . 
  germany is not at all open to it . 
  it 's purely a political move to keep some control in that region . 
  the german public is massively against turkey joining the eu . 
  the last poll was at 86 % opposing which is higher than in any other eu country . 
  that percentage is pretty much reflective of the current german government layout and vote . 
  merkel 's cdu ( conservatives ) do n't have the majority even though they 're the current leading party . 
  the spd , greens , and the left have the majority . 
  the only reason the cdu is the leading party is because for some retarted reason the spd refuses to do a coalliton with the left . 
  just to put in perspective how absurd it is . 
  spd wanted minimum wage of 8.50 $ and the left wanted 10 $ . 
  now the cdu of merkel did n't want any minimum wage at all . 
  so rationaly you would think the spd makes coallition with the left and makes maybe a compromise at 9 $ . 
  instead they work together with the cdu ... 
  so if you see bullshit from merkel or the cdu remember the actual government is majority left and the majority of germans voted against cdu , but our other parties are to stupid to work together . 
  also luxembourg and lichtenstein . 
  you can join if you bring austria with you ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  poland how about `` anschluss '' ? 
  the us originally did n't have term limits . 
  the republicans implemented it as a reaction to fdr being so popular that he got elected to 4 terms . 
  fdr set in many ways the foundation of todays eu and it 's a real shame that he died in his 4th term . 
  his second bill of rights was the foundation for the decleration of human rights . 
  the us would look very much like europe today if had n't died before he was able to pass it . 
  then we 'll become trump not better either . 
  east germany is still financially very different from the south so i would n't judge germany based on berlin . 
  especially states like bavaria or baden-w\u00fcttemberg are more comparable to countries like sweden .
