  that 's why it 's a question of will in the eu and not capability . 
  the technology in europe is there , the engineering is there , the companies are there , but not the funding as there is no political desire . 
  just as a european company can dominate in the private market , so would it in a military environment . 
  if you want to see some examples of that look at some modern european military equipment . 
  the us has massive diplomatic issues in many major areas of the world , many places in which the eu does not . 
  hence why all countries with most free visa travels are in europe and not the us . 
  the eu has currently more free trade agreements than the us and has more ongoing negotiations as well . 
  the eu already has more trade agreements in africa and has one with korea and soon japan as well . 
  compare for yourself : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_free_trade_agreements https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_free-trade_agreements the total gdp 's are also very close : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal ) the only reason the eu needs the us for military operations is because it does n't want its own giant , military not because it is n't capable of having one . 
  this is a political and cultural decision . 
  if the eu were to unify it 's military it would be the second biggest by budget and first by active personell and that at current low spending . 
  things like carriers , drones , stealth bombers , nukes , would be a non issue to do if the eu were willing to create a large military . 
  so yes he 's right , the eu can undermine the us if it really wants to , in fact it 's the only entity in the entire world that can , but it 's unwilling as the current status quo benefits the eu and it has no reason to do so . 
  the eu is economically on par with the us and even in a better position diplomatically . 
  it only lacks the military , but that could easily be solved by an eu army if the will in europe was there . 
  europe has simply no interest in being a super power with power projection around the world . 
  but it is very well capable of it . 
  i ca n't say how it is compared to the uk , but compared to germany it 's definitely not worth it in most higher end industries . 
  ( unless you work in the health industry , but most of those go to switzerland ) i 'm us citizen so no visa , i was actually basing it on a 120k software engineer salary , which is the common pay in the bay area for software engineers . 
  in germany you make around 60-70k $ in major cities like frankfurt , hamburg , or munich . 
  and even higher depending on the specific sub group your in . 
  most germans will just go to switzerland if they want more pay as it has the same high salaries and low taxes the us has , but with all the security and standards of a european country . 
  the us has its pros and cons , it can work much better for some people , but for most it certainly does not . 
  he 's not lying , have you lived in the us ? 
  the quality you get for your money in europe is higher in almost all aspects of life . 
  i 'm german/american and experienced both . 
  as an example living as a software engineer in the us compared to germany . 
  in the us your pay will be about 2x higher . 
  but so will your rent/house and the house you 'll live in will be absolute trash compared to what you get in europe . 
  bad isolation , single layer windows , paper thin walls , water tank instead of real time heater , cheap roof tiles , fake decorations etc. 
  go and check the houses in the tech areas in california on zillow , you pay millions for a house that would n't even meet the minimum standards in germany . 
  https://www.zillow.com/homedetails/275-san-antonio-rd-palo-alto-ca-94306/19508548_zpid/ https://www.zillow.com/homedetails/4262-ruby-ave-san-jose-ca-95135/19796351_zpid/ they look nice and are big , but the quality is comparable to that of a barn and not a modern european concrete/steel house . 
  and you 'll be forced to live in those areas unless you want to drive 2h to work and then you 'll be stuck in a suburb with a very long drive to any city center area . 
  if you live in rural states the rent will be cheap , but your pay will also drop significantly if you can even find a job , as will the general quality of life , due to the lack of everything surrounding you . 
  and this is before we started with vacation , parental leave , day care for children , healthcare , dental care , insurance , university , or the general infrastructure . 
  and while good companies will cover it , that also means your insurance is bound to your job , which is an issue in itself . 
  we do n't want that land , i was just trying to make a point . 
  we closed that chapter when we gave up any claims of that land in 1990 ( 1992 ) and had a mutual agreement , so poland should not ask for money . 
  this has been settled a long time ago and asking for money from generations that have nothing even remotely to do with that war is ridiculous . 
  poland got a huge chunk of german landmass in return , not to mention billions in eu funds to built up polish infrastructure and economy . 
  if they want money they can happily move east and give us back prussia . 
  because the us got it forced by the supreme court , not because the us is socially progressive . 
  in germany the gay acceptance is actually one of the highest in the world with over 80 % . 
  seriously it hurts just looking at it . 
  also wg-gesucht . de if you need a shared flat . 
  nope he 's right , even at the democratic convention half of the stadium walked out and booed hillary . 
  the party was completely split and hillary was from the beginning a risk as she was in the margin of error in the polls for months , she pretty muh exactly landed within the poll suggestions . 
  anyone who looked at the pollings and the sentiment of the voters knew that hillary could possibly loose , but they ignored it and trump winning is the consequence of that . 
  sanders was 10-15 % above trump in every poll and it 's obvious why as most of trumps strong points would n't have worked on sanders . 
  anti establishment ? 
  does n't work as sanders is anti establishment as well . 
  claiming the other is corrupt ? 
  does n't work as sanders is n't rich and pulled his money from voter donations . 
  talking about scandals ? 
  does n't work because sanders does n't talk around things , he talks about concrete policies and issues . 
  with hillary on the other hand you loose in those aspects . 
  she 's the establishment and she took money from wallstreet , super pacs , and lobbyists . 
  scandals ? 
  benghazi , e-mails and more . 
  then we have independent voters who again , in a clinton-trump mach up go to trump , but in a sanders-trump match up split . 
  anyone should do himself a favor and look up the data from early 2016 , it shows exactly what happened . 
  the democrats lost the fight during the primaries and it 's their own fault . 
  the party needs to restructure and get their shit together otherwise they 'll loose the next elections as well . 
  any news from the last few months regarding the topic . 
  germany has pledged to follow the 2 % target and unless merkel and the cdu loose the coming election the goal will be followed through . 
  at 2 % germanys military budget would be 63billion . 
  actually yes if it means more political independents from us foreign policy . 
  also germany 's currently planned increase will make it by far the largest military budget in europe and almost on par with russia . 
  first it 's the type of food they eat . 
  in korea as an example the food is in general more healthy and varied with a lot of side dishes . 
  see here a typical korean dinner : http://www.koreanfest.com/data/file/korea_food/409088540_76d959ce_korean-food.jpg in addition good appearance has a very high importance in society , much higher than it is in the west , which gives individuals much more societal pressure to look good . 
  this applies to dress and use of beauty products as well . 
  he said countries with good jobs ... 
  no , it 's so we can actually cut costs while at the same time having the second largest military in the world after the us . 
  the current method keeps the eu military power segregated , weak , and reliant on the us . 
  ( hence why the us does not want an eu military . ), 
  turkey would n't even dare to anything remotely like that if we had an eu army , simply due to the huge power projection , just as they would not do this to the us . 
  the eu spends 290billion on defence , but the result is a joke . 
  at the current budget we should have super carriers , nukes , stealth jet fighters , stealth bombers , big navy fleets , and large modern tank battalions . 
  now we have just 28 small militaries that all bought the same things over and over again , but they ca n't really act in the big picture nor against large single armies . 
  you clearly have no idea about germany . 
  german culture is not national but regional , always has been and always will be . 
  nobody is feeling ashamed for being german , people in germany simply identify with their regional culture and not as much on a national level . 
  this would be the same case in a federal europe as well . 
  it was n't a clear pattern at all . 
  the target itself was extremely odd and out of place for a terror attack . 
  their targets are always things that effect the public perception and inflict fear in their daily lives . 
  so markets , restaurants , public attractions , public transport ect . 
  a football team is definitely not one of them as it 's something that 's far removed from peoples daily lives , it simply does n't carry the same effect . 
  that 's munich and its surrounding areas , which is one of the richest and economic strongest areas in germany . 
  but the map is n't detailed enough as an example the frankfurt area has an even higher gdp at a full on 102k per capita . 
  the city was bombed to ashes and split in half for decades of course it 's ugly . 
  it looked more like paris or prague back in the day , but nearly all the old buildings are gone or have been rebuilt in a more modern style . 
  even things like lamp posts , bridges , and statues were destroyed . 
  this is how the reichstag looked : https://quintinlake.files.wordpress.com/2013/07/reichstag-berlin-1.jpg berlin palace ( was completely gone and is now being rebuilt ) : http://www.bilderbuch-berlin.net/bilder/berlin_mitte_schlossplatz_und_nationaldenkmal_historisch_schloss_spreeinsel_9963417540_978x1304xin.jpeg alexanderplatz : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/28/berlin_alexanderplatz_1903.jpg and this happened to most german cities . 
  frankfurt as an example saved itself by building skyscrapers , but it also had tons of renaissance and baroque buildings back in the day and the old town was destroyed by 70 % . 
  no , but also because it seems the bomb was built with equipment from the bundeswehr ( german military ) . 
  this is n't the first time we had those kinds of attacks from right wingers , the target makes in that context also much more sense as it would be unusual for is . 
  yes , but the corruption within the us has far larger outreaching impacts to the surrounding world than it does with russia . 
  corruption within the us has been the main factor for their military actions and the destabilization of the middle east , which in return has strongly impacted europe .
