  do you mind to explain to me the difference between `` treaty '' and `` promise '' in this context ? 
  i was under impression that a written promise , signed by authorized country 's representatives is exactly what `` treaty '' is , but i 'm not a lawyer , so , please , enlighten me on differences ... 
   historically lowest borrowing costs should in normal economy be utilized for huge infrastructure projects . 
  in my city , we had drivers protesting construction works not long ago , since like 5 major jobs were running at once , resulting in total paralysis of traffic and  1hour long jams , due to major roads getting rebuilt/widened , new tram lines getting installed and so on ... city council wanted to squeeze as much as possible in old 2012-2015 budget , but they promised to tone it down now . 
   because after reading that a portuguese guy got attacked in poland , i do not want to risk my friend 's safety . 
  two things : each and every of those attacks gets blown out of proportion when it happens - we have a population of 38 million , and i recall four cases in past 12 months . 
  i 'm pretty sure , similar quota gets filled in one weekend in usa . 
  one of those four cases was a turkish guy who was drinking together with future assailant , then they started arguing over something , and once he got beaten up , he started crying `` racism ! '' ... 
  you know how it works , people play race card when they get sacked from job in america too . 
  we do n't have enough indians to form any kind of opinion , but we have around 60k vietnamese-poles , and they are seen as `` model minority '' . 
  do n't let those petty wars scare you off - `` uber vs taxis '' is a thing in pretty much every country they are operating . 
  there were some brawls and cars vandalized in warsaw as well , but nowadays they seem to moved this stuff over to courts , trying to enlist various government bodies on their side - as it is now , police and irs seem to side with taxi drivers , with `` random '' checks for `` unlicensed transport services '' , while consumer protection/anti-monopoly body and most of general population sides with uber . 
  the guy responsible for it admitted in an interview during 20th anniversary that giving it out was n't needed , if he were to make a decision based on data we have now , but they worked under total information blackout from ussr , and given the information they had , with no expected radiation level prognosis , distributing it was the most sensible option to prepare for `` worst case scenario '' . 
  it 's not a magic drug ( like for example radx from `` fallout '' series ) , but science behind it looks solid - you overload your body with normal , non-radioactive iod , so that less radioactive ones get absorbed from air and stored by your thyroid , causing complications decade or two later . 
  poland was the only warsaw pact country who distributed similar solution to children immediately of chernobyl aftermath and we have lower thyroid cancer occurrences than in other countries from region . 
  it 's probably more effective than stuff we were given ( [ lugol 's iodine ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lugol%27s_iodine ) - pretty much a detergent , but the only thing readily available which we could distribute without angering `` big brother '' who insisted that there was no disaster during crucial first few days ) . 
   so i 'm not even surprised . 
  and i am . 
  the victims are 65 + yo couple and their 43yo son . 
  in eastern europe , a dried-out babushka can go outside to buy margarine for supper at 9pm on friday night , walk thru most dangerous parts of town , and even most hardcore tracksuit-wearing gopnik will only stop her to ask if she 's not lost . 
  to physically assault old lady , to the point of losing consciousness is simply unthinkable . 
  that was n't some 25yo punter beaten up in bar brawl . 
  funnily enough - yes . 
  usa has proven track record of sticking it up for their allies , while when poland got attacked by nazis , english and french pilots were dropping on german cities ... leaflets . 
  ( see : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phoney_war ) in poland , less than 40 % of population believes that nato as a whole will send meaningful help in case we get attacked . 
  for usa as a separate entity , the percentage is considerably higher . 
  that being said , we do n't see ourselves being attacked anytime soon - our situation is very different than little eesti or latvia , where such attack ( especially `` hybrid war '' ) probability is seen as much higher . 
   voice recognition is somewhere on the same level as well , from what i 've heard . 
  polish irs uses voice recognition when calling support to pre-authenticate users for certain tasks . 
   in france we never had the `` stealing stuff '' stereotype associated to polish people , france did n't have much contact with poland in 80s and 90s , like the germans did . 
  in 80s , first contact occurred usually with `` cinkciarz '' - illegal money exchanger ( since official exchange rate was so low that no-one used it - kinda like bolivars in venezuela now - 1usd gives you ~ 13vef if using government-sanctioned booths , and over 900 if trading on streets ) , who often used the `` shadiness '' of whole affair to steal from german tourists . 
  then there were 90s ... it was literally `` wild west '' over here - over half of police force got sacked during anti-communist purges , replaced with greenhorns straight out of academy , gangs ( often led by former policemen and secret service people ) were on the rise , economy collapsed ( 585 % inflation in 1990 ) , state-owned companies got closed down ... you get the idea . 
  many people found easy money by stealing cars in germany and dismantling them for parts or selling in whole . 
  in late 90s situation got under control again , buy as they say - you can only make first impression once . 
  do n't want to defend shitty behavior , but ...  the owner did n't do anything about it . 
  you see , tourists will leave in a week , and the owner will be stuck with pissed off locals who now have criminal charges . 
  it 's not long stretch of imagination to see him having his place later vandalized , or worse ... 
  if i were to run a restaurant , i 'd probably keep my mouth shut , and just call police from kitchen - not because i support racist behavior , but because i have family to feed ...  i would n't admit to being turkish unless i have to . 
  i 'm pretty sure just saying you 're from turkey and are on vacations would defuse 95 % of potentially racist attacks in poland - turkey scores around in the middle of polls on like-dislike scale , with score steadily improving since around decade or so - over 300k poles visit turkey on vacation each year . 
  to be fair , solar kinda sucks that far up north . 
  it 's 900w per wp in my city , lithuania probably wo n't get more than 850 . 
  india , thailand , indonesia , bangladesh and other countries mentioned in article have one thing in common - being around equator gives them up to 4400w per wp . 
  lithuania would get much more bang for a buck out of wind turbines . 
  * poland - leading in uprisings per capita since 1769 . 
  i 'm not saying it will happen overnight , or that it wo n't require some special circumstances - i just believe that 's the `` right '' way to bring about change . 
  last thing i want on my border is some isis-like entity created due to power vacuum left after occupation ( not to mention that nato trying to blockade or occupy kaliningrad , as it is now , would probably kickstart ww3 ) . 
  we just need to be patient , and extend our hand toward them when they are ready for change , the same way west extended their hand to poland , hungary or romania . 
  yes , i do . 
  russia is nowhere near as powerful as soviet union was , yet baltics and few other countries broke away relatively painlessly . 
  my own country was part of warsaw pact , jailed and shot dissidents , rolled out tanks on streets , introducing martial law , but we turned out just fine . 
  give russians a chance . 
   in any practical sense this means invasion and occupation . 
  no , it does n't . 
  do n't deny people the right to self-determine ( just look at how it worked out with bringing democracy to middle east ) - also , the people themselves over there are much more `` westernized '' than other regions of russia , and the change can come from inside - last year there was a huge scandal when united russia ( putin 's party ) did n't get even a single seat in local elections in one of kaliningrad border districts , with record-high voter turnout . 
  it would n't be a big deal , if only russia dropped their agressive foreign policy . 
  i live relatively close to that border and population on both sides gets along just fine - we are able to visit each other visa-free , thanks to bilateral agreements , and trade is flourishing ( or at least was , until ruble tanked last year ) - many people from our side buy dirt cheap gasoline ( it 's literally cheaper to drive to kaliningrad border , fill up gas tank there and drive back than to tank locally ) and other highly taxed in eu products , like cigaretes and alcohol , while russians came over to buy household appliances ( they get vat refunded ) and groceries . 
  poland does n't want that terittory , lithuania probably neither . 
  returning it to germany would be impractical ( also , no - just like last time , we do n't agree to extraterritorial corridor ) . 
  for poland the most desirable outcome would be singapore-like independent city-state . 
   so how exactly would you phrase a hypothetical law that would ban something like this ? 
  the same way there are laws that bar companies for putting `` no colored customers '' signs in windows , or require bakeries to not refuse to make a wedding cake for gay couples . 
  any form of discrimination is wrong . 
   we should n't bother providing any further assurances to poland . 
  is n't that the whole point ? 
  those assurances are seen as worthless , since population do n't believe that actual action will follow them if shit hits the fan . 
  even barring historical experiences ( look up `` phoney war '' and `` why die for danzig ? 
  '' ) , compare squabbles over nato bases in poland with the aid usa provided to philippines in recent south china dispute ( their trade balance with china is orders of magnitude bigger than europe 's with russia , yet they sent huge fleet there ) . 
   but it would n't be a bad idea to station a european rapid deploy military force in poland that can defend the baltics . 
  there 's absolutely no faith in european military in poland . 
  last time a poll was conducted , only like 40 % of population believed nato would provide any meaningful response ( other than tweets , hashtags , and condemnation on un forum ) if poland got attacked . 
  usa as separate entity scores significantly higher in population eyes . 
  i never meant to insult him . 
  what i wanted to highlight is the fact that his boss took some risks and work by opening his company and if he 's envious about his salary , there 's literally nothing holding him back to do the same - or he could stay and keep working his risk-free 9-to-5 job , but at that point , his complaints about lower salary are moot . 
  you say how it sucks for every pole , i say how it does n't . 
  kind of gives a bigger picture , does n't it ? 
  the point i was trying to make is that not everyone got fucked over by change of system , and those who want to rise to the top - can . 
  and it 's as easy as it never been before in poland 's history . 
   i used to earn 1000 euro , my boss used to earn 3000 euro . 
  now i earn 1000 euro , my boss earns 12000 euro . 
  so tell me ... what exactly is preventing you from becoming a boss yourself ? 
  both eu funds and banks are basically trowing money at people - you get donations from first ones ( 50k pln ) and preferential loans from second ones - as long as you can present cohesive business plan , you 're golden . 
   the democracy brought inequality . 
  exactly , and this is by design . 
  under socialism , everyone was equal - equally poor . 
  nowadays , ambitious people can rise to levels unthinkable in poland of 40 years ago . 
   wow , really ? 
  yes , really . 
  i was born in , and lived for first six years of my life , in workers ' hotel , where our family lived in single room , with kitchen area separated by curtains only , and communal bathroom , common for all families living on that floor . 
  nowadays , i make 6-7k eur/mo and could pretty much retire , thanks to two apartments i own mortgage-free , which nets me 2200 +1050 pln passive income . 
  most of my friends from high school work in well-paid positions ( both domestic and international ) or own their own companies . 
  i have no problem with going to doctor , since my mother works in healthcare and can pull some strings , but even without connections , i can afford simple procedures ( like dental ) to have them done without nfz refund . 
  i have my retirement secured without looking up to scraps , i might or might not get , from zus in the future - bought two apartaments ( first one with mortgage , already paid off ) and saving up on private retirement fund - ike / `` 3rd filar '' . 
  if your girlfriend wanted to stop working illegaly , she could have start her own company , benefiting from decreased zus payments for newly-created companies ( 200-ish pln instead of usual 800-ish ) - i 'm sure her employer would n't complain , as she could talk with him to present him with monthly invoice , which he could use to lower his tax base himself . 
  of course , some people prefer to whine on the internet after graduating from `` sociology '' , `` management '' or `` underwater basket weaving '' and blame `` the system '' for their own failures . 
  poland 's biggest port complex is in gda\u0144sk and gdynia ( those cities are right next to each other ) , thanks to hel penisula , one has to get quite close to kaliningrad , in order to leave gda\u0144sk bay . 
  just check it out on map and you will get what i mean . 
  70 nautical miles is half the distance between kaliningrad and warsaw ( 300km ), 
  not really . 
  those already can go there by virtue of having eu citizenship . 
  the only difference is having to show id card on border now .
