  martial law in poland , 1983 . 
  it 's [ zomo ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zomo ) , a kind of militarized police force we used to have , also called `` beating heart of party '' ( with emphasis on `` beating '' rather than `` heart '' tho ), 
   those hats they issue to police and military personnel during winter time are not well thought-out . 
  well , the [ previous models ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fwo5wnk.jpg ) with covered ears , they used to issue in winter have pretty [ terrible connotations ] ( http://i.imgur.com/0guhw8p.jpg ) . 
   please correct me if you have more information but i do n't think cutting development aid will convince tunesia and marocco of taking the high costs which are related to the integration of these troublemakers . 
  so ... you have aid from one country alone contributing 0,5 % of gdp , with donor country being absolutely shat on by the receiver , who 's refusing to take back people they are legally obligated to do ? 
  we should do the same thing as always ( or at least ever since sending gunboats fell out of fashion ) - get together , agree on common policy and present it to all concerned countries in unified front - when they suddenly face a hole in their budget equal to double of what they are spending on military or healthcare , they will be much more receptive to taking back couple of thousands of their own citizens and preventing future escapades . 
  coal is already insanely cheap . 
  even putting record-low prices aside ( it 's 60-100 eur/tonne ) , every current and retired mine employee in poland gets few tonnes for free every year ( it 's very old `` work benefit '' and everytime politicans hint at wanting to do something about overbloated priveledges , they get busloads of union miners with pickaxes in front of parliament , burning tires and causing riots - they are pretty much most powerfull workers group in poland ) , with those who do n't need it , due to for example living in house with city heating , being able to sell it out , often below market price , to someone else . 
  similarly with firewood in northern and eastern part of country - plenty of forests - cubic meter costs like 20 eur . 
  and you can get it even cheaper ( up to 90 % ( sic ! ), 
  off ) if you cut down and move the tree yourself , from designated areas , like planned fire roads or pick leftovers after forestry works - [ contact your local forestry departament for details ] ( http://www.zlotow.pila.lasy.gov.pl/widget/aktualnosci/-/asset_publisher/1m8a/content/sprzedaz-drewna/maximized#.whnnisfukqe ) also , our social service will buy either one of those for you , if you come to them . 
  you ca n't really go cheaper than `` free '' . 
   those clearly are n't properly enforced . 
  if you pay attention while driving/walking you 'll easily see cars that clearly should n't have passed those tests . 
  if police bothered to stop such cars , check the papers and then pay the control station that signed them a visit things would get better much quicker . 
  quality control of diagnostic stations is an issue ( even in my town there are different ones where you go to to have your car actually checked - i actually had to to re-do the check , since i had some crack on exhaust pipe that made it impossible to pass the emission test , after my mechanic soldered it , i passed ) and there are `` ghetto '' , garage-style workshops with license who pass pretty much anything that manages to drive to station on it 's own . 
  we could use some crackdown on later , but i 'm not sure how i feel about police stopping random cars for emission tests . 
  i recall there were some law change proposals that change how diagnostic system works ( for now , you 're paying for stamp in car book , not actual test , meaning diagnostic stations have incentive to pass as many cars as possible , unless there 's something very broken with it , otherwise they do n't get paid for performed diagnostic at all ) , but i 'm not sure how it ended . 
  my next check is due in march , so i 'll find out . 
   emission controls for homes should obvious . 
  there are already laws on the books for it - city guard can control homes to check what kind of fuel is used for burning and fine people who burn illegal stuff . 
  there are also subsidies for people willing to change to new , low-emission furnaces . 
   also , california like emission regulations for cars would be definitely in place . 
  we already have those . 
  every year , car has to pass mandatory check of all important systems ( brakes , lights , steering and so on ... ) and one of components is emission test ( they put up a pipe on your exhaust and you need to floor the gas pedal - no idea what parameters they are measuring ), 
   we 've been featuring pictures of different european art pieces ( and landscapes ) in the header for almost a year now , and curating these banner images has been a very enriching experience for me personally . 
  can you get something warm and sunny next ? 
  current one is pretty gloomy and those guys in bowler hats and tuxedos creep me out . 
  gda\u0144sk has [ relatively clean air , compared to other large cities ] ( http://i.imgur.com/puyhgfd.jpg ) - wind from sea is blowing all bad stuff inland . 
  and yes , it 's mostly winter-only problem , since biggest contributor is burning stuff to keep houses warm . 
  it 's not feasible everywhere , but it would help . 
  another option is partially subsidizing replacement of old fireplaces to newer , low-emission models , which seem to be current solution ( at least in cracow - they pay 50 % of costs , with rest being low-cost loan - http://powietrze.malopolska.pl/dofinansowanie/ ) overall , it 's not something a determined government on richest continent would n't be able to solve , and people are getting quite pissed off , with `` air quality tracker '' apps being created ( like the one from op picture ) or youtube videos making rounds - it will definetely improve , we just need some time . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  it 's so cold precisely because our current air came over from siberia . 
  when we get winds from west , it 's noticeably warmer and higher moisture often causes snow or rain . 
  unless you expect wind to make some kind of u-turn , all this air will be heading your way soon . 
  you missed the joke . 
  `` coal burning '' is a slang for white women having sex with dark-skinned men . 
  most of the city is connected to it ( [ map ] ( http://www.warszawskiecieplo.pl/?cid=183 ) ) - problem is in the suburbs , which are n't connected , and every house has it 's own ( often outdated ) furnace to heat it up , contributing to pollution . 
  do n't attribute to malice something that can be explained by incompetence . 
  we had similar problems , where one road in my city had to be re-made three times - initial upgrade , dig it out to put new sewage pipes under it , then dig it out again to lay down tram rails . 
  people got really pissed at mayor about the wastage , and they vowed to improve cooperation between departments for future projects . 
  it might be similar case with road from op picture , with first upgrade coming from municipality and second one was planned at state-level . 
   even in 1939 with hungary formally allied with germany there are very positive relations . 
  when warsaw uprising broke out , nazis put hungarian division stationing in warsaw on house arrest and took away their arms , then promptly moved them out of country , to prevent them joining the fight on resistance side . 
  he 's talking about it in future tense , and frankly , it 's extremely unlikely - in fptp system , it makes sense to join districts where you have overwhelming support with lower ones , so that you beat opposition by tiny margin in every one , taking every spot , but we have proportional system ( and referendum proposal to change it to single-mandate ones failed spectacularly ) , so no matter how districts are drawn out , resulting percentage of seats will be roughly equivalent to percentage of votes received . 
  only way they could accomplish this is by assigning more seats to eastern regions ( where they are favored ) at cost of western ones ( where other parties tend to win ) , but that would require constitution amendment , which they do n't have enough votes for . 
   gerrymandering it does n't work like that over here - voting districts are consistent with administrative units and ca n't be re-drawn at will . 
  what he 's referring to is very low turnout ratio and opposition fractured between several parties , so someone getting 36 % votes with 50 % turnout takes all the power . 
   was this name always popular or the new pope francis played the role in popularizing it ? 
  i 'd say it comes and goes . 
  up until few years ago , it was kind of archaic name , popular in 75 + yo demographics , while most parents opting for something more modern . 
  now those old school/traditional names are making comeback . 
  not sure if there 's any connection to pope . 
   have less problems with refugees than countries like poland which have a very small number of muslim refugees so germany accepted 1 million immigrants from mena and has to put policemen with assault rifles to guard new year celebrations and ban trucks from city centre , while poland accepted 700 thousands immigrants from ukraine and the most notable event on new years was stabbing of one sebix , done by four tunisians , but it 's somehow populist parties that are the biggest threat and islamophobia making people prefer immigrants from ukraine over mena ? ... 
   and the masterplan approved by the eu is always for small sections of 2 lane motorways connecting small satellite cities to each other , as if almost specifically avoiding connections to western border nodes to prevent most of romania from industrializing well enough to start dragging away manufacturing jobs from the overpriced west . 
  calling bs on that one . 
  only largest megaprojects ( like rail baltica ) need explicit planning on eu level . 
  structural funds , which are used to fund most highways , are allocated on country level ( in poland we basically divided them in several priorities , starting from `` holy shit . 
  this should be done two decades ago '' and ending with something along the lines of `` everyone will probably own a flying car by the time we 're done with those '' ) - it 's country bodies who decide where to build ( in our case it 's gddkia - general directorate of country-level roads and highways ) andiif your roads got built in stupid places , you only have local politicians to blame . 
  rentiers , remote workers - as long as you have `` western '' income , you can live like a king in ukraine , due to insanely low costs of living . 
  say , you make 4k eur/month and are n't tied physically to one place - you can rent two bedroom flat in frankfurt or poolside/seafront villa in odessa . 
  which one would you pick ? 
  of course it 's most important to ukraine itself , but do n't pretend it wo n't affect russia . 
  even putting `` spheres of infulence '' bullshit aside , if ukraine were to experience similar transformation and wages/quality of life improvements as poland or baltics , it 'd put very existence of current russian political class at stake . 
   that is also not an option . 
  why 's that ? 
  assuming talks start 10 years from now , and take 15 years , it opens ukrainian perspective to join eu no earlier than 25 years from now . 
  25 years ago , a third of current eu members were soviet provinces , and gay marriage was illegal in netherlands . 
  making any such plans so far into future , based on current situation is silly , at most . 
   but , why are they on the floor of a supermarket ? 
  to quote press rep of tesco : `` fish tank got de-pressurized '' which is fancy way of saying someone ran metal shopping cart into glass , which caused 1000s of liters of water and accompanying fishes to spill all over the floor . 
   we do n't have sales tax but vat tax . 
  exactly . 
  when poland joined eu , it harmonized it 's laws and removed all barriers protecting our market , allowing western european corporations to profit greatly - eu structural and other funds are tiny compensation , compared to money transfered out - carrefour 's `` licensing fee '' sent back to france every year is larger than entire french contribution to cohesion fund that poland receives , and that 's only one company , while we have many others - orange , l'eclerc , citroen ... now , if france were to change that deal , breaking agreements made during negotiations , we 're more than happy to accomodate them , breaking other parts as well - how much money would get sent to france every year , if we passed bill that would make those stores pay additional 1 or 2 % tax ? 
  maybe we tie french supermarkets ' sales tax in poland to eu budget too ? 
  oh , we do . 
  [ we created the system they are modeled from in first place . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jtekumyecnk ), 
   i do sort of understand them , one of the pillars of our legal system is that ignorance of the law is no defence , but nobody can know all of it . 
  example : directive 2009/48/ec - apparently someone needed to write down ( and even do courtesy translation to chinese ) to not use lead paint for children toys . 
  directive is 37 pages long , listing various dangerous chemicals that can not be used to toddlers toys - i wonder if that 's one of `` thousands of eu laws '' that brexit campaigners want to repeal ? ... 
   how much welfare did the polish refugees get ? 
  no idea about persia/iran . 
  the ones from camps in uganda got 5 shillings/month as pocket money ( i do n't know how much it is in current money ) , but they had basic food like rice and flour provided by red cross , and supplemented it by keeping vegetable gardens next to tents . 
   did they simply get more votes than everyone else , without obtaining the majority ? 
  yes . 
  we 're using [ d'hondt method ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/d%27hondt_method ) - seats are distributed proportionally to percentage of votes ( with 5 % treshold to get in , ever since `` beer lovers ' party '' got 16 seats in first post-communist elections ) . 
  it 's roughly proportional , but scales better , the higher percentage of votes you have , so first parties are over-represented ( in our example 37,4 % votes gets 52 % seats ) . 
  the reason they won is basically due to previous ruling party falling out of favor after series of corruption scandals and perceived `` betrayal '' of voter base , and all other alternatives getting mired in infighting , lack of `` vision '' , general apathy and big `` fuck you '' message sent by electorate ( 3rd best result was party created by former rock star , with no real programme . 
  correct . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hpjvdqvx_dc notice any differences ? 
   so while free trade can be a good thing , it also needs to be done in balance with not just fucking over every local business/worker by buying the cheapest product made by the lowest paid worker . 
  you 're missing the point - free trade is two-way street . 
  the same free movement that allows you to buy cheap shit from overseas , allows local businesses to sell quality/branded products abroad - with how efficient transportation and e-commerce is nowadays , there 's absolutely nothing preventing local businesses selling to customers on opposite side of globe . 
  in poland , we have family-owned companies , started in 1990 ( right after fall of socialism ) , who send train carts of sausages to china weekly . 
  hell , mcdonald 's started as bbq joint ran by two brothers in san bernardino , california , and look where they are now , thanks to globalism . 
   so i have this idea that when the concept of `` roaming '' in europe is finally over in summer 2017 , can i just go to let 's say denmark or finland and buy a subscription there ? 
  that 's what people did , back when first such offers started appearing in poland .
