  yes , we 've been in nato for over 15 years already . 
  we give them a bird everytime - at this point it 's hardly newsworthy event over here , unless there 's slow day and they need to fill up airtime . 
  on unrelated note , it 's amusing how their rhetoric becomes more and more similar to north korea 's . 
  from what i 've read in other threads over here , `` eastern european '' is often pc codeword for `` gypsy '' . 
  poland is quite big and populous country . 
  as a result , many people from eastern poland ( ^ ( plz invest ) ) where industry is not as developed and unemployment is higer , work for 400 $ / mo salary and bring down the average . 
  in many voivodeships average salary hovers around 3800-4200 pln ( 900-1000 $ ) and mazowieckie 's average is close to 5000 ( 4911pln in july 2015 = 1168 $ ) . 
  probably yes , depending how close to border you 're living . 
  they are still muslim . 
  their variant of faith is very `` european '' and progressive - we had some tensions between them and medicine students from saudi arabia few years ago , who called them `` apostates '' and bullied women for not walking around in burqas . 
   the local muslim communities are now well integrated . 
  same in poland . 
  we have `` our '' lipka tatars , and not even die-hard fascists/nationalists have any problems with them . 
  what 's even more interesting - those tatars themselves do n't want muslim refugees from middle-east either . 
  abortion in poland is illegal ( baring few exceptions , like rape , endangered life of mother , defects in fetus etc. 
  ) , but there are many underground clinics that perform it - depending on source of data that map is using , the color might be different . 
  i just checked prices at our local ebay variant and it 's around 19eur for 250m roll over here . 
  i 'm pretty sure someone ordering couple kilometres worth of one could negotiate nice rebate . 
  article mentions the german one cost 15-30eur . 
  ^ ( buy from us ), 
  you have to give credit where it 's due . 
  there has been huge change in public perception of corruption past few decades - when i was younger , bribing traffic cop to get warning instead of ticket , or handing over `` envelope '' to doctor , in order to jump up in queue for `` free '' healthcare was `` normal '' thing to do . 
  nowadays , it 's much more hidden - it looks like corruption moved up from `` day to day '' level to bigfish public construction work offers etc. 
  but ... moscow generals are busy training tactical nuclear strikes against warsaw every year , with belarus as sidekick ... we are supposed to train nuking our own capital ? 
  well , geographical precedent is already here - french guyana is in south america and as french oversea territory , enjoys most of eu priveledges ( including euro currency as legal tender ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure that if there was a political will , something could be worked out for canada as well ( are n't canadians the subjects of british queen ? . . 
  ) , but current trend is rather towards shrinking the union , with upcoming uk referendum and earlier talks during greece 's crisis , rather than expanding it ... 
  if i had to pinpoint one thing , it 'd be due to `` everyone 's = no one 's in particular '' mentality . 
  infrastructure used to be lacking too - trash cans were seriously missing and you had to walk sometimes a really long time with trash in hand with nowhere to throw it out to - as a result people dumped it anywhere . 
  luckily , this is quickly changing and beaches , parks are getting much cleaner . 
  that was initial stance of poland and baltics . 
  we did n't oppose the quotas - we just wanted all immigrants to be counted , not only the ones coming from south . 
  way ahead of you , mate . 
  poland issued 830k long-term visas to ukrainians last year and around 243k this year . 
  same in poland . 
  few years ago i fell downstairs at my house and broke little toe . 
  after i returned from doctor who put my leg into case , i called up hr to report absence , and their first question was if the accident was on my way to work . 
  ... or they could 've just give up on whole project and try to parachute into cozy eu positions , in exchange for supporting germany agenda - tusk-style . 
  at least that could explain government 's stance while vast majority of population opposes those quotas . 
   in all seriousness i am surprised he agrees with the prime minister . 
  this one strikes close home over here ... we 're in the process of changing government - president is already elected , while pm will stay in office for bit longer ( 25th october 2015 - current poll results do n't give po a chance to stay in charge ) . 
  new president is anti forced quota , while pm is for them , calling it `` our test of human decency '' . 
  watching them argue with statements made during separate press conferences is kind of hilarious . 
  you do realize that argument does n't work over here , simply because our governments want those people who left to come back . 
  polish government runs special programmes , encouraging people to return - they offer assistance with paperwork etc. . . until now , with poor results . 
   failing that , i think germany is much better off letting in people from eastern europe . 
  they are already doing that - `` stealing '' young people from westernmost regions of poland - 800eur/mo stipend for attending vocational school + guarantee of employment after graduating . 
  local employers and governments are getting pretty pissed off ... 
  he 's pretty well known over here . 
  he did it during countrywide `` do\u017cynki '' ( end of harvest festival . 
  agriculture was very important aspect of communist ideology , so it was nationwide celebration - imagine setting yourself on fire during superbowl break ) celebration . 
  propaganda and secret service wanted to paint him as mentally ill , but underground press spread the story . 
  yep . 
  he 's libertanian . 
  basically polish version of ron paul . 
  markets started charging people $ 0,2 for them , so people are moving towards re-usable textile bags ( or dust off old commie-era net bags - apparently it 's really hipster thing nowadays ) . 
  i heard polish minority in lithuania needs some protecting ... 
  i think the real question that needs to be asked is whether we really need submarines , since the only sea we are bordering is basically glorified puddle , not to mention that it 's entire shoreline , except very tiny area around kaliningrad , belongs to allied countries . 
  spending that money on land and air forces would give much better bang for a buck . 
  we had hyperinflation that effectively wiped out all savings . 
  people saving up for apartament ( `` ksi\u0105\u017ceczka mieszkaniowa '' ... hard to explain to people in non-socialist countries , but in `` western '' terms it was special savings account that could be used to fund purchase of flat . ), 
  ended up getting ~ 250pln ( 80 $ ) for their life 's worth of savings ... on the other hand , we were first to transform , so most companies hungry for new markets ended up here . 
  in 1991 we were poorer than ukraine - we quadrupled gdp ppp in 25 years . 
  troublemakers are sent back immediately - i recall two separate cases , one was some stupid shits waving upa flag - they got one way ticket to donbass , other was underage , so he got only kicked out from school and dorm . 
  logo looks like goatse for me :( ^ ( can not unsee ), 
  khotyn 1621is arugably the best one . 
  young sultan osman the 2nd ended up weeping after 600 hussars chased out 10.000 ottoman soldiers , including some elite jannisary units . 
  after the defeat there was power struggle between sultan who aimed to modernize the army and jannisaries who were traditionalists , which ended up with sultan getting deposed and killed . 
  while this encyclopedic description is quite accurate , personally i prefer [ this version ] ( http://www.badassoftheweek.com/hussars.html ) - better conveys the badassery . 
  we already do . 
  first six months of this year 232,5 k long-term ( 1-5 years ) visas have been granted to ukrainians in poland alone . 
  add this to last-year 830k . 
  you can visit o\u015bwi\u0119cim as a day-trip from krak\u00f3w - it 's 1,5 h by bus . 
  going directly there is kinda pointless , as it 's just a tiny town with nothing interesting apart from camp museum . 
  poor choice for poland . 
  warsaw is pretty boring compared to other bigger cities like cracow or gdansk/danzig . 
  we had one dude from the group of 50 families we brought in complaining that he `` prefers to die in syria from bombs , rather than starve in poland '' . 
  there were calls to ship him back to camp ( they did n't cross the mediterran on boat - they were picked from refugee camp directly after consulting local christian church representatives and our own secret service ) and fly over someone more appreciative , but i 'm not sure how it ended . 
  i do n't even have heart to poke fun at you guys regarding this . 
  some things went very wrong with that `` american dream '' along the way ... 
  meanwhile , in many northern and eastern countries you actually get paid to go to university , not the other way around ( ~ 1000pln ( ~ 170gbp ) / month in poland for example in `` majors in demand '' ( stem etc. ), 
  programme ), 
  exactly . 
  you ca n't eat cake and have cake . 
  when nurses had new bunch of responsibilities pushed on them over here ( writing rp 's , answering calls etc. 
  ) , they focused solely on them , so that there was no time left for actual patient interaction . 
  laws got changed pretty quickly afterwards . 
  the same is occuring in hungary now . 
  poland 's high school system is suprisingly similar , with main difference that all non-major ( ie . 
  the ones you do n't plan to take exam on ) subjects are pushed towards first two years ( out of three - one of changes when education system was reformed was extend primary education by one year and shorten middle education by one , in order to incentivize more people to take it up ) - last year of high school is often only the subjects you plan to take exam in . 
  they are basically following dublin convention to the letter here . 
  refugees would get food and water easily , as a part of registration process , but since registering in hungary closes them doors from registering in germany , they refuse to do so . 
  laws also state that they ca n't travel across the europe without registering first ... 
  overall , we call such situations over here `` strajk w\u0142oski '' ( literally `` italian strike '' ; i believe correct english term is [ `` working to the rule '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/work-to-rule ) ) . 
  our border guards are supprisingly effective with employing it everytime their priveledges/working conditions are endangered by proposed laws change , and it results in hours , if not days , long queues at borders . 
  so yes , hungary wants to escalate this situation and waits for riots to happen . 
  police will come then in full force and orban scores cheap pr points . 
  * do you want pogroms ? 
  because that 's how you get pogroms . 
  oh , they are n't even in parliament ? ...
