  copyright holder nowadays of this particular song is state of bavaria ( kinda ironic if you ask me ) ... 
  tvp info just shown updated map , and it seems komorowski won in \u015al\u0105skie voivodeship after all ( 33 % there ) . 
  still , law and justice candidate won over in \u0141\u00f3dzkie voivodeship compared to last elections . 
  do n't let other poles hear you . 
  complaining about quality of roads is one of past-times here . 
  roads built recently ( with eu structural funds help ) are somewhat decent , but driving on anything built before 2000 qualifies as `` off-road experience '' . 
  not sure if we can call ourselves `` western country '' but we still have parades - they have a bit different `` feel '' to it , compared to warsaw pact days - rather than show off overbearing military might , it 's feels more like celebration of engineering prowess , with military finally having occasion to show off their newest toys and training ( grom and formoza especially shine here , doing pretended actions - two years ago their skit was ambush on small boat that was taken over by terrorists ) . 
  bor ( non-military formation , responsible for protecting president and government officials ) did pretended evacuation of ambushed vip convoy . 
  you can take yourself a photo sitting behind fighter jet cockpit and 6 year old boys simply love climbing on tanks and apcs ... 
  nothing of old `` enemies , beware '' feel and more like `` look at how cool we are . '', 
  [ olsztyn/allenstein/ol \u0161tynas ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/olsztyn ) estabilished in 1346 by teutonic knights . 
  granted municipal rights in 1353 . 
  city ( and it 's castle ) changed hands betwen teutonic order and poland ( and later - commonwealth ) back and forth , depending on fortune of war and peace treaties signed . 
  in 1520 nicolaus copernicus , arugably the most famous resident of my town ( yes , that copernicus ) led the defense of city in ( yet ) another war . 
  sacked by swedes twice in 1655 and 1708 . 
  became part of prussia after first partition of poland . 
  after wwi it joined germany due to plebiscite results . 
  soviets `` liberated '' it on 22 january 1945 , plundering and burning it in the process . 
  germans were expelled and poles from south/east replaced them ( we `` ziemie odzyskane '' now ) . 
  nowadays it kinda acts as mini-metropolis , sucking up all talent from neighboring villages and small towns , which got hit really hard after socialist state-owned large-scale agriculture went down . 
  mostly focused on services and tourism . 
  only minor stuff . 
  people on both sides of border really need that connection . 
  there are crazies everywhere , but they get shouted down by normal people if they try to stir trouble . 
  directive 2001/29/we, 
  we have similar fee in poland ( called `` op\u0142ata reprograficzna '' ) but in exchange we can legally copy and share anything with family and close friends ( `` fair use '' clause in our copyright laws ) . 
  zaiks ( our gema-like body ) got really butthurt about a year ago when one ngo launched a campaign with posters in public places , reminding everyone about this exchange ... 
  kaliningrad russian enclave citizens do n't need visa to travel to neighboring countries ( poland and lithuania ) and vice-versa . 
  gema is basically german riaa-equavilent . 
  they charge outrageous tarrifs and are very hard to work with . 
  as a result [ 61 % out of youtube 's top1000 videos is unavailable in germany ] ( http://apps.opendatacity.de/gema-vs-youtube/en/ ), 
  infant mortality rate is very important metric for developing countries , but once you pass certain treshold it becomes kinda meaningless , with differences between countries being fraction of percent and actual deaths having nothing to do with country/medicine developments - fatal accidents , uncurable birth defects , bad parenting etc. . . obsessing over gdp kinda reminds me of that joke about company ceo looking for new accountant , with one candidate after being asked `` how much is 2 +2 ? '', 
  lowering the blinds , closing the door and asking `` how much do you want it to be ? '', 
  at this point , i 'm pretty sure that the people living there ( apart from miniscule number of die-hard fanatics ) would n't even mind being a colony of burkina faso , as long as it meant that the war and shellings stops . 
  `` safety '' in trains is not only about accidents . 
  take for example pickpockets or outright robbery . 
  during `` interesting '' times in 90s , one woman in my compartment had her bag snatched while she was smoking outside on the corridor . 
  one man that was sitting next to me gave chase , but the thief turned around when when he jumped on the platform and pulled out the knife . 
  man nope 'd out and returned to compartment ... 
  there are some horror stories with people getting drugged out and waking with all their valuables taken . 
  not sure how often it occurs nowadays , as not that many people use trains - private buses offer lower prices and better comforts for inter-city travel . 
  it 's 26 years since berlin wall fell and you can still see the divide between former west and east germany on this map . 
  in 1989 the contrast was huge . 
   wasting your economy , entire technological industry to be independent was really worth it ? 
  is that what i should understand ? 
  each soviet republic 's industry was unable to stand on it 's own - you had factory for example in belarus , but for it to work , it required parts from kazachstan . 
  the kazachstan part 's factory required resources from siberia and so on ... 
  even if the supply chain problems were working properly , the end product was very often much poorer quality than western equivalent - outside of military industry there was simply no reason for improvement or innovation as there were simply no competition - for example in west you had several fridge competitors who constantly tried to make quieter , less bulky or more energy efficient fridges , trying to one up each other and increase their market share and profits . 
  behind the iron curtain , you either bought minsk fridge manufactured in belarus or hanged your food on a rope on balcony during winter . 
  as soon as the barriers went down , most of factories became useless or required huge investments in obtaining new technology in order to be able to produce a product that could stand it 's own on free market . 
  also , notice how the `` occupant '' is leering at esti selling sardines nowadays , while they used to make rockets and tanks . 
  the trick is that you ca n't put ammunition on your plate - `` crazy ivan '' was churning tank after tank , while the [ only product widely available at that time in polish shops was vinegear ] ( http://i.imgur.com/kttr8tb.jpg ), 
  in 1990 poland had roughly the same gdp ppp as ukraine ( 6,258 and 6,161 respectively ) with kinda similar industry types ( coal mining , heavy metallurgy , agriculture ) . 
  25 years later poland has 25,105 while ukraine 8,668 ... 
  in majority of cases it 's not hatred towards russians per-se , but only against russian foreign policy . 
  i often meet russians abroad and as long as the unsaid rule of not talking about politics is obeyed , they are awesome companions to party with . 
  this is also the case on professional level ( i 'm webmaster - making websites for a living ) - compared to indians or philipinos , i never have any trouble when outsourcing coding or content writing to eastern europeans - quality is always good , and deadlines are kept . 
  yup . 
  someone from turkey once told me that there 's some legend about it with moon reflected in pool of blood after some big battle . 
  do n't remember more details tho . 
  someone posted iconographic from some german newspaper earlier today here and it said that poland 's quota would be roughly 28k refugees ( versus current 8k we got last year , mostly from ukraine ) . 
  it 's not that big of a number , and if it were to help out considerably with situation in italy , i guess we could absorb it ( 20k is not even a number of people who emigrated to western europe from my voivodeship alone ) . 
  now , the tricky part - if they are `` real '' refugees who simply want to escape the war , then i 'm sure they wo n't mind the very modest salaries available in my country , compared to west , as long as they have guarantee that they wo n't have their home razed by mortar shells . 
  if they start bitching when they learn that they are sent to poland , instead of for example sweden , you can assume that they just use the war as a pretext for economic migration - we should send them back where they came from . 
   it was the same in the uk in the 80 's . 
  the mines were massive loss making machines and coal could be sourced elsewhere for far cheaper . 
  of course the miners union was n't happy about this and they went on massive strikes and even got violent with people who decided not to join . 
  scabs as they called them . 
  it was pretty disgraceful . 
    unions are like democratic governments . 
  would n't want to be without them but they are often full of ambitious wankers only out for themselves . 
  it 's exactly how it looks now over here . 
  how did you manage to fix it ? 
  the * `` dear sweet mother of god ... we 're in eastern europe !, 
  my current driver 's license was issued in 2005 and looks like the ones pictured on this wiki page , but has '' -- '' in `` valid until '' field ( both `` 4b '' field on front page and row `` 11 '' back ) . 
  probably our politicans messed up when they changed the design , but forgot to implement the second part of directive which concerned length of validity . 
  took them 5 more years to fix it . 
  surprisingly quick , by our lawmakers standards ... 
  it 's not that theirs is cheap . 
  yours is simply expensive . 
  few days ago , one tabloid ( fakt.pl ) started a rumor that government is planning to set up minimum price on vodka at ~ 10 $ / l and beer at 1 $ / l. 
  on the same day our ministry of finance issued official * dementi *, 
  smoking is pretty popular among folks over 30 years old . 
  i 'd estimate it 's about 1/4 of population . 
  younger generations appear to change the trend , i 'd say around 1/6 -1 / 8 smokes regularly . 
  non-smoking seems to be `` hip '' thing to do . 
  smoking in public places , restaurants , bus stops etc. 
  has been banned few years ago and carries up to 100 $ fine . 
  smokers in bars/pubs put up the longest fight , with some `` clever '' interpretations of new laws , like `` private club '' loopholes etc , but eventually they gave up as well - there are designated smoking zones with ashtrays right next to doors . 
   if a driver has perpetual driving license and he exchange it for the same type foreign license that has expiration date then he can not get perpetual polish license any more there was some shitstorm regarding last one , since newly-issued driving licenses are valid for 10 years only , while old ones are permanent . 
  the trick is that updating your old one by for example changing address makes it 10year only now . 
  some people threatened to take it to constitutional court , as it violates `` given rights '' principle ( you ca n't arbitrally take away a right that was granted once ) , but no idea how it ended . 
  also , given recent rulings when they extened retirement age of people already working , i do n't think it 'd matter much ... 
  last time someone wanted a corridor in poland , it did n't end well ... 
  personally , i think there was nothing wrong with that `` parade '' - they should be allowed to celebrate anniversary of their country victory , just like every other citizen in europe can . 
  however , there are certain rules that have to be followed , schengen tourist visa has certain requirements that have to be met before entry is granted - for example detailed travel plan . 
  if they did n't provide required documents , they should be denied entrance , just like everyone else who would be in similar situation . 
  personally , i sigh in relief a bit , since it was kind of keg of gunpowder waiting to explode . 
  our `` patriotic '' soccer hooligans really spoil for fight and it 'd be terrible embarrassment if something were to happen to night wolves while they were traveling across the country . 
  nah , that speech is really old ( 1956 , i think ) .
