   it also shows that he was considerate why go to such lengths ? 
  plain old rope & tree branch not flashy enough ? 
  there 's ongoing land dispute between egypt and sudan - see dotted line on google maps . 
   about half of the european union population has lost the possibility of seeing the milky way , the galaxy where we live . 
  reminds me how when there was big blackout after earthquake in 1998 in los angeles , people were calling 911 to report `` suspicious cloud '' , which turned out to be milky way . 
  they literally never seen it before . 
  dude , maidan and various colored revolutions out there were a direct consequence of constant mis-management of country . 
  when both poland and ukraine re-gained independence in 1990 , our countries were very similar in almost every aspect - industry types , agriculture , population ... heck , ukraine 's gdp per capita was even tiny bit higher ... look where both countries are now . 
   sweden should work on approaches that would let them coexist , side-by-side , integrated or not . 
  you mean ... separate , but equal ? 
  they probably managed to negotiate favorable terms like that . 
  farmers have really strong unions and lobbying power over here . 
  we have agrarian party ( `` psl '' ) that has been a part of ruling coalition pretty much every term since 1990 . 
  berries are n't trees . 
  forest berries are tiny plants ( usually less than 15cm high ) with no wooden parts , only green . 
  ( [ looks like that in the wild ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vpowzvu.jpg ) ) . 
  all parts above ground `` die '' and wither each winter , and plant grows anew from roots underground , starting in spring . 
  in poland temperature can span from -30 c to +30 c across one year . 
  pretty much the only fruit-bearing trees that handle it without problems are apples and pears . 
  some other species , like cherries or grapes can handle it with little extra care ( wrapping trunks in mats etc. ) . 
  anything more needy than that ( peaches , citrus etc. ), 
  simply does n't survive winter . 
  krak\u00f3w ( cracow ) is definetely a must-see . 
  for remaining two , it mostly depends what you are looking for . 
  warsaw , toru\u0144 , pozna\u0144 , gda\u0144sk have plenty of historic sites and museums . 
  nature - pretty much entire north-eastern region has plenty of forests and lakes . 
  olsztyn and miko\u0142ajki would be good starting points . 
  plenty of old teutonic order castles in that region as well . 
  if you like mountains , be it trekking and skiing , zakopane is nice and cheap ( bit of a tourist trap tho . 
  vendors can be really pushy ) for seaside resort experience , \u0141eba and krynica morska are the most popular destinations . 
  weather can be tricky tho . 
   is that the popular view ? 
  pretty much , yes . 
  in previous term they were given relatively high support ( around 10 % of votes - 40 representatives ) , but they did absolutely nothing productive for 4 years , got mired in `` secondary topics '' , like whether there should be a small cross hanging above parliament doors , instead of focusing on stuff they promised , like abortion laws etc. 
  due to rating falling with each new poll , party kind of failcascaded - many people left to other parties , there were some financing-related issues ( do n't remember details now ) etc. 
  they `` rebranded '' themselves as tw\u00f3j ruch , and were part of `` united left '' coalition in latest election , but like i said , entire left together failed to get above threshold and they have 0 representatives . 
  their crash was so spectacular that some people legit think that entire movement was some kind of `` false flag '' to discredit left-wing politics ( decade ago , palikot used to own and run right-wing newspaper `` ozon '' ) . 
   r : take photo of themselves in front of hotel sign and palm trees to be fair , palm trees are kind of synonym of exotic for northern europeans - those simply do n't grow in our climate ( [ heck , we had one artist build artificial one in major roundabout in our capital to `` liven up '' the surroundings ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greetings_from_jerusalem_avenues ) ) . 
  for example in poland , there 's a phrase `` wakacje pod palmami '' ( `` vacation under palm trees '' ) that 's used by many tour companies to advertise trips to warm countries . 
  it 's similar to how people from around equator react to snow in winter or are weirded out that it does n't get completely dark in nighttime in summer . 
  that being said , i completely agree with other points you made regarding russian tourists . 
  many reviews on tripadvisor-like sites in poland start with information whether there 's sizable number of tourists from russia in that hotel . 
  lithuanians are shopping in poland en masse . 
  as a result , lithuanian government proposes reducing vat for basic food produce . 
  sejm ( lower house of parliament ) initially accepted proposal of reducing fresh meat and fish vat tax from 21 to 5 percent . 
  there are also proposals for reducing tax on diary products , bread , flour and vegetables . 
  laurynas vilimas , president of trader 's union , assures that after reducing of those taxes in lithuania , products ' prices will fall by 16 % . 
  he 's convinced that tax on diary products needs to be reduced immediately - otherwise poland will completely take over lithuanian market , just like it happened with meat market . 
  polish 5 % vat on meat , combined with change of exchange rate ( pln to eur ) results in price difference in shops of up to thirty percent - lithuanian producers warn . 
  polish produce are cheap for lithuanians for few years already , but mass shopping trips increased in past few weeks . 
  there are regular bus courses from entire lithuanian area to polish border cities , like suwa\u0142ki . 
  almost everything is worth buying in poland , rather than locally - from groceries to gasoline . 
  same in poland . 
  people got so tired of their shit that they did n't manage to get even one representative into parliament in last elections . 
  all parties in current cadence are center or right-wing . 
  understandable doubts . 
  pretty much every major news source reported on this one . 
  out of the ones i linked , rmf is oldest private radio station in poland ( estabilished in 1990 - right after fall of communism ) , they do n't have any political biases that i know of . 
  trojmiasto.pl is kind of regional news portal for that region ( it literally means `` three-city '' , as gda\u0144sk , gdynia and sopot are right next to each other , and are often grouped together ) poranny.pl is another regional newspaper , estabilished in 1990 . 
  they are not from that region , but i included them , since they were one of first to pick up on the story , including interview with shop owner . 
  tabloid , same media group and profile as bild.de . 
  of course they had to pick this story ) http://trojmiasto.wyborcza.pl/trojmiasto/1,35636,19775118,obcokrajowcy-probowali-w-gdyni-kupic-kalasznikowa-i.html ( biggest mainstream left-leaning newspaper . 
  unlike others , it only says `` foreigners '' in header , without mentioning nationality . 
  content of article itself is pretty much the same as others ), 
  in poland , you need to send a request at least two days before fact if you want to withdraw 10k pln or 1000 units of foreign currency . 
  well , you could buy one on stadium bazaars if you asked around . 
  just look for `` caucasian-looking '' guys in leather jackets standing near entrance - those were either gun dealers or running protection racket on other merchants . 
  police clamped on them really hard after series of gang violence in early 90s . 
  i stand corrected then . 
  maybe those did n't hit national news since no-one got hurt ? 
  the 2001 one ended up with 4 people killed . 
  yea , but if they wanted to attack in poland , they 'd have problem bringing weapons from outside of country to highly-populated cities , as most police patrols would `` randomly select '' them on checkpoints for `` traveling while brown '' . 
  i have n't heard about bank robbery in poland in like ... years ( wikipedia lists last one was in 2001 ) . 
  we had people chaining up atm machines and driving away with them , people signing up for security transport job with false ids and driving away with $ 2m , some low-profile currency exchange booths robberies , our cyber-criminals are quite active too ... 
  but to rob actual bank ? 
  so old-fashioned . 
  that being said , latest terrorist attack in poland was by nazi spies ( bomb at rail station ) soon before ww2 , so point still stands , i guess ... 
  does n't usa have similar `` volunteer patrols '' on mexico border ? 
  minuteman group or sth like that . 
   that 's not how responsibility works . 
  you can not allow children to come to harm on your territory regardless of what their parents choose to do or not do . 
  funny how this works ... 
  i vaguely remember that when i was younger , when a kid came to harm , it was only a huge tragedy for parents , who were forced to work two shifts to make ends meet in collapsing economy , which resulted with kids as young as 7yo walking back home from school with keys to house on string on neck . 
  when there was a tragedy , like kid getting ran over by a car or boiling kettle accident in kitchen , everyone in community poured with support to grieving parents . 
  no lawmaker saw fit to additional punish them , as loss of a child was seen as enough of punishment . 
  nowadays , the same parents would be charged with ~ ~ damaging state property ~ ~ negligent care , which breeds the question - if we put people in jails for leaving kids unattended on playground , why are n't people who take them on dangerous journey across two continents , including rafting on overcrowded pontoon , jailed yet ? 
   i would n't be surprised to find out the fight was between two organized crime gangs ( turkish & albanian ) spiegel already reported that the victim was a turkish national with previous drug-related conviction record . 
  okay , this is getting out of hand . 
  first of all - it 's not `` poland '' who is accusing russia of terrorism . 
  it 's antoni macierewicz who made that remark , while giving speech at university ran by ultra-catholic organization - think of westbro baptist church meets teleevangelists - radio maryja is known for ultraconservative , anti-semitic/german/russian stances , militiant 60 + yo babushkas organizing pro-life demonstration , last bastion of `` true poles '' ... you get the idea ... macierewicz himself is `` interesting '' person too - while most wo n't deny that he 's a patriot , he 's also batshit crazy and conspiracy theorists - he sees enemy agents everywhere . 
  during pretty much entire election campaign , pis ( his party ) hid him in some closet , since everytime he appeared and said something publicly , party ratings nosedived . 
  he 's very loyal to them , so they gave him ministry of defense post . 
  please , do n't take anything he says seriously . 
   did you knew that the eu got rid of that horrible horrible regulation , but it is still widely used by private entities in the eu as a reference for internal standardization ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that mere fact that someone somewhere saw it fit to need to regulate it on continent-wide level is what gave ammo to critics . 
  this stuff keeps making `` silly laws '' lists , along with that one state in usa who wanted to define pi number as `` 3 '' to simplify the math , carrot being classified as `` fruit '' ( result of , i think , portugal 's lobbying for jam producers ) and snail as `` inland fish '' ( lobbying again , france this time ) . 
  i recall someone from portugal saying that they are eastern europe country that just happen to be located in the westernmost area of europe ... 
  it 's kind of hard to put it into words ... 
  pretty much every country on earth has corruption in one form or another , but in the `` west '' , one does n't brag openly how much he put in envelope to skip queue at doctor , or how much he collected in bribes in one day , while working as traffic cop or customs agent , while talking with friends at bar . 
  it 's simply not something that one can be proud of .
