  while i wish those companies were ran by most qualified people , not from political grant , raising a ruckus over it only after germany-friendly party got booted seems at least dishonest . 
  we do n't . 
  you might not know that , but every eu-funded project is listed on various websites , and databases containing data of whom , how much and what for received eu grants can be freely accessed . 
  there are various ngos picking and writing about stupid/wasteful projects , like $ 500k `` cat lovers '' wordpress-based portal or `` mozilla firefox competency certificate training '' . 
  to my knowledge , such waste is not limited to poland alone . 
  also , we 're eu taxpayers too ... 
  well ... 
  if you come across a bag of blood diamonds or some other conflict minerals , `` it fell from the sky '' excuse sounds much more plausible if you can show that you own some stock in asteroid mining company ... 
   south america suffered from a lot of u.s.a. meddling , its rather unfair to blame communism for that . 
  there can be more than one evil actor in the world . 
  did usa do shitty things in south america ? 
  absolutely . 
  does it mean that mass killings perpetrated by various communist over there justified ? 
  absolutely not . 
   but the world is not limited to europe oh , right . 
  communism worked wonderfully in china ( cultural revolution death toll hovers around 30mil ) and cambodia ( khmer rogue managed to kill off 25 % of country 's population in 3 years , before neighbors stepped in - not even nazis could boast such efficiency ) in asia . 
  then you have south america - cuba , argentina , bolivia , you get the idea ... 
  even africa got onto action , with ethiopian qey shibir claiming between 30 and 500 thousands lives . 
  yes , those are legit military units , with defined chain of command etc. 
  actually , one of reasons our ministry of defense officially recognized them was because once the mess in ukraine started , people started gathering on weekends to train themselves on own dime , and it 'd be nice to channel this enthusiasm to something that might actually be useful ( they want to use them to secure water supply , logistics , prevent looting and so on , in case of war , which would free up actual army to focus on fighting ) , instead of breeding some brownshirt groups who would take up the task of eliminating `` enemies of state '' themselves . 
  keeping it official allows our services to weed out potential troublemakers . 
   honestly for history of slavery in a 1000 years old country , it 's quite a short article ( and story ) . 
  well , there 's not much to write about to begin with . 
  it was relatively small population , unlike for example roman empire , and it got abolished in 1347 . 
   feudal exploitation was more of a problem ... serfdom makes for more interesting case to write about , and the article pertaining to it is longer . 
  nowadays , some polish libertarian politicians complain that current tax burden is heavier than most serfs had to contribute to their lord ... 
  to elaborate on this : uk and denmark negotiated `` opt out '' of euro and they never * have * to switch to it . 
  other countries on that list have to switch to euro eventually , but the treaty gives no stiff dates , so the enthusiasm varies from country to country - it has both advantages and disadvantages . 
  poland was pretty close to switching , but we did n't meet certain criteria back then and nowadays sentiment changed and most population is against the change altogether . 
  official stance is `` when it will be beneficial to us '' , with some eurosceptic politicians quoting year 2216 as possible date . 
   that 's nice , hopefully they do that here too . 
  ye , it 's europe-wide thing . 
  you will be having yours too . 
  each country is on separate `` rotation '' . 
  right now , it 's `` asia week '' ( duck , curry , noodles , spices , you get the idea ... ) in poland . 
  french one ( blue cheese , snails , guinea fowl ) starts on 6th . 
  what 's interesting is that lidl uses it 's local distribution chain to source products for `` weeks '' in other countries - `` polish week '' started appearing in western europe 's lidls once they opened stores here , so regional lithuanian products might soon follow . 
   special offers ? 
  most likely the case . 
  in poland , everytime a market like that is being opened , they have some really sick deals - up to 60 % off . 
   we need temporary mods . 
  this means that , when the need is no longer there , we will be demodding most temps unless they prove to be exceptional . 
  however , we absolutely appreciate any offers to help us . 
   well , no , what your described is not `` threats to cut of deliveries '' . 
  well , it 's open to interpretations , i guess , with results depending on your political stances , but for me , not delivering ordered ( increased ) amount , for political reasons , kind of fits the definition of what we 're discussing here . 
   you mean ukraine did not pay or just refused to buy from russia . 
  not gon na whitewash ukraine , or make excuses - all kinds of goods sold , should be paid for . 
  however , that one was between russia and ukraine to settle - what matters , is that poland always pays it 's gas bills on time , and russia had no economic reasons to refuse the increased sales . 
   i heard , that according to contract reselling gas is prohibited . 
  dunno why gazprom is so against reverse gas selling . 
  every country 's contract is negotiated individually - to my knowledge , poland 's had no `` no reselling '' clauses ( since they would be pointless , as our gas price was much higher than most other countries in the region , not to mention technical limitations - until recently , pipelines passing poland were unable to flow the gas both ways ) . 
  also , 1/3 of our gas supply we 're extracting ourselves - i 'm not too familiar with our infrastructure , but in theory , we should be able to push that 1/3 to ukraine , if we so desire , while importing extra 1/3 from russia . 
  prohibiting of reselling , makes sense on gazprom part - without it , they would be unable to offer different prices to different countries - eu 's `` common energy '' market proposal is supposed to address that , with eu negotiating a single price for entire market . 
  yes , it happens . 
  last one i remember was when russia turned off the valve for ukraine , we ( poland ) sent notice to russia that we are increasing our quota for next month ( we are allowed to do so , within certain margins , as per our contract ) and wanted to push this extra to ukraine ( pipelines on pl-ukr border got renovated some time ago , allowing gas to flow both ways , as needed ) . 
  russia said `` no '' , we sued them for breach of contract . 
  no idea how it ended . 
  now , broader picture should be clear here , but to reiterate - russia uses gas as political tool , using economic reasons as an excuse . 
  poland wants to buy more gas , as previously agreed contract allows - we always pay for ours , so it should n't be a problem , and payment terms between poland and ukraine for it should n't concern russia a bit . 
  it 's only for 2 months . 
  30 hours total , if i 'm counting it right . 
  now , call me old-fashioned , but i do n't believe a school should be only a place to learn calculus and prepare future workforce . 
  if we want to have well-rounded citizens , learning about alliance we 're part of - it 's benefits and obligations , how is decision making process handled and how we are contributing to it nowadays , definitely wo n't hurt . 
  i have yet to hear about case where a government successfully solved issue like that without going after root of the problem ( ie . 
  limited number of available housing ) - everytime they try to introduce controls like that , it only leads to further price rises ( just look at rental prices in sf bay area or stockholm ) . 
  let 's prohibit people from earning money on property they own , instead of addressing what 's causing the prices to spike in first place . 
  do you want thousands of airbnb listings ? 
  because that 's how you get thousands of airbnb listings . 
  it 's called [ cert/csirt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/computer_emergency_response_team ) and pretty much every provider has one for over decade . 
  the only reason to pass this bill is to line up someone 's pockets and/or prepare the population to wider-scale blacklist - first it 's viruses and malware , then terrorism and hate speech , then it 's unfavorable opinions about ruling party , then it 's piracy . 
  once the technical mechanisms and procedures are put in place , it 's very easy to expand the scope of such blocks - just look at roskomnadzor in russia . 
  long story short - cutthroat competition and piracy . 
  most former warsaw pact countries entered 90s with single , nation-wide monopolist who charged arm and leg for dialup internet access . 
  ( in poland it was like $ 0.20 for 3 minutes . 
  ( 6 minutes between 22:00 and 06:00 hours ) for 56kbit/s ) . 
  now , some industrious young people , thought it would be good idea to lease direct line from those isp ( which costed shitton of money , we 're talking multiples of average monthly salaries here ) and split the cost between neighbors ( standard-issue commieblock has 60 families , hanging a cable between two is quite easy as well ) - mini-isps were born , with some sprawling across entire districts . 
  now , dividing 2mbit line across 300 people is n't that optimal , so measures got implemented to offload some traffic - most of those `` community isps '' had dc + + hub ( p2p protocol widely used before torrents were a thing ) , which hosted all latest games and movies and allowed users to exchange files at whooping 10 or even 100 mbit speeds . 
  eventually those networks started peering directly with each other , bypassing those leased pipes from monopolist isp ( advertisement flyers from that era listed two separate speeds - `` within network '' and `` international '' . 
  some largest ones even had cheapest plans that offered only network access , without actual internet ) and eventually they started connecting to internet backbones themselves . 
  later down the line they started merging or buying out other similar networks , becoming city and country-wide isps . 
  we 're very young when it comes to generation wealth-building . 
  `` old wealth '' got effectively eliminated when bolsheviks came , with estates being turned over to state-controled farms or outright abandoned , then for next 50 years , everyone was supposed to be equally poor , with all personal wealth-building activities being either highly frowned upon ( badylarze ) or outright illegal ( black market trading , cinkciarze ) . 
  then hyperinflation of 1989-1990 effectively wiped everyone 's savings again ... luckily , we 're growing very fast again , with number of millionaires doubling every four years . 
  there 's big difference between $ 1m and 2m pln . 
  having mortgage-free house in large city 's suburbs and driving < 2yo car already puts you halfway there towards 2m pln net worth . 
   p.s. 
  43 thousand millionaires is a very very low number as for international standards . 
  we 're ranked 38th out of ~ 195 countries , when it comes to number of millionaires . 
  i 'd say we 're doing pretty okay , considering our pre-1990 past . 
  you must be living in some parallel universe then . 
  according to global wealth report 2015 , there are 43.000 people in poland with net worth above $ 1m . 
   2m pln  filthy rich 2m pln does n't even get you into top 1 % in poland ( you need about double of that ), 
  in europe , two people shot is national news in several countries . 
  in usa it 's friday afternoon . 
  try separating great politics from people . 
  go out in any polish city and ask people what they think of ussr soldiers who died in ww2 while fighting nazis . 
  then ask them what they think of ussr as a whole . 
  notice the difference . 
  graves of soviet soldiers and officers on polish territory are reasonably well upkept and cared for . 
  there are occasional cases of vandalism , but they are quite rare .
