  poland is spending around 2 million euro/year on their upkeep and renovation . 
  i do n't deny that our relations took a nosedive , following war in georgia , but even then , polish military was present , including acting president , on victory parade in 2010 , even if many other countries were n't . 
  you need to separate two things - defeating nazis and installing puppet government of polish people republic afterwards . 
  once can be grateful for former , while absolutely hating the latter . 
  russia treats it as a `` whole package '' unfortunately , which leads to tensions , as discussed earlier . 
  i know that our institute of national remembrance wants to create a park/open-air museum and move those monuments in one place - similar projects already happened in lithuania , hungary or even russia ( i think muzeon park in moscow started up when they were looking for a place in 1991 to store busts of dzerzhinsky , stalin and lenin ) . 
  it 's not easy subject matter and both sides need to start looking at it from other 's perspective - russia categorically refuses to have any monument moved from their current places , without regard to what the monument represents for local population , while current polish government has strong anti-russian sentiment and uses the case of those monuments for quick and easy political capital . 
  i 'd love to have some sort of bi-lateral committee , headed by historians , not politicians , which would handle those cases while taking into account both sides ' interest . 
  we do see the difference and we are even grateful for soviet contribution in defeating nazis . 
  what we have problems with is that after soviet soldiers `` liberated '' us , they decided to `` stay '' for following 50 years , and you ca n't blame people that they were n't / are n't happy for it . 
  i guarantee you that if ussr left us afterwards , without installing puppet government and shaping our foreign policy , similar to how allied forces handled liberation of netherlands or france , you would n't find a single person saying bad things about ussr 's liberation of poland and `` gratitude '' monuments would be completely genuine . 
  one of statues mentioned in article i linked belonged to [ ivan chernyakhovsky ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ivan_chernyakhovsky ) - while for russians he 's a war hero , he rounded up polish anti-nazi resistance ( by inviting officers to `` negotiations '' , where they got arrested and executed ) - home army is very important part of polish history and people were outraged that their `` executioner '' had a monument on polish soil . 
   you also have to remember that russian word for liberation is `` osvobozhdenij '' which carries no notion of liberty to it . 
  simply translated it meens `` to free from '' . 
  so when russians say they liberated you from germans they meen exactly how russian definition of the word is used . 
  i.e they liberated you from the germans . 
  our languages are n't that different , and we get what you mean by it . 
  however , `` svoboda '' implies a freedom and self-determination , while , as far as many people were concerned , one occupant got replaced by another - we became effectively a vassal state . 
  you see , there are basically two `` kinds '' of monuments regarding soviet soldiers over here - those who honor their sacrifice in fighting nazis , and most people have no issues with those . 
  main source of tensions are those that show `` gratitude '' for being liberated , since as i explained earlier , we see it as an insult of very idea of `` liberty '' . 
   i 'd like to see all the nations in central and eastern europe dump all the russian names and regain their own identities . 
  and send all the soviet monuments back to moscow . 
  we 've been doing that . 
  everytime we get threatened with `` grave consequences '' . 
  http://www.cnbc.com/2016/04/01/russia-angry-as-poland-erases-communist-past.html http://www.reuters.com/article/us-russia-poland-monument-iduskcn0pe0h220150704 http://www.rferl.org/content/russia-warns-poland-chernyakovsky-monument/27255953.html http://www.themoscowtimes.com/news/article/poland-answers-kremlin-anger-over-soviet-generals-statue/531863.html ( any many more . 
  you get the idea ... ), 
   1900 well , fuck ... 
   however , if you single out vegetables for example . 
  there 's a price increase of about 10 % . 
  does it take into account seasonal differences ? 
  fruits and vegetables over here are always the cheapest in summer and autumn , with prices rising considerably in winter and spring , as they have to be either imported , grown in greenhouses or stored in cold . 
  well , i vaguely remember buying bags of spices ( do n't remember exactly what was that - some kind of saltpeper - it 's added to some homemade preserves over here ) as a kid - we used to stuff empty bottle corks with it , add something more ( matches heads ? 
  ) , and it made corks shoot up three stories high after lighting a match which served as a fuse . 
  yea , those were simpler times - nowadays our 9 year old asses would get persecuted for `` domestic terrorism '' . 
  somehow , i do n't think pickles are parts of shawarma tho ... 
  technically , if you look at map , saying `` basically between russia and russia '' is closer to truth ... 
   romanians are slavs better - * romania 's name come from romani people *, 
  so now , you 'd have each plane appearing as five separate dots ( 1 main transponder and four emergency ones you mentioned ) on secondary radars . 
  it would be a huge clusterfuck around popular airports , making air traffic controller job impossible . 
  flight-radar uses data from transponders . 
  the whole reason we 're searching for this plane is because transponder stopped broadcasting in first place ... 
  they do have them . 
  the problem is that frequencies that gps works on ca n't penetrate water at all . 
  as for locator beacon - blackbox starts emitting ultrasonic pulses as soon as it comes in contact with water . 
  the problem is vastness of oceans and limited battery life ( 30 days minimum . 
  recommendation of 90 days since af447 crash in 2009 ) . 
  * meanwhile , a greek defence ministry source said authorities were also investigating an account from the captain of a merchant ship who reported a ` flame in the sky ' about 130 nautical miles south of the island of karpathos . 
  the boat tracking site marinetraffic reports that eight boats have joined the search for the missing plane . 
  https://twitter.com/ap/status/733182808311648256 confirmed by ap . 
  ~ ~ egyptian military received a distress signal shortly before plane disappearing from radar . ~ ~ egyptian military corrected that statement . 
  no signal was received . 
  greece is deploying search vessels 240km south of one of their islands , as locals reported seeing `` fireball '' on the sky . 
  edit : egyptian aviation body just confirmed a crash . 
  edit2 : greek frigate which is part of search mission found two large pieces of debris floating 80km south from place where plane disappeared from radars . 
  it is yet unconfirmed whether they might be part of wreck . 
  that 's kind of pessimistic , is n't it ? 
  while i remember times when it was hovering around 8uah/usd , there 's no way , barring some catastrophe , like russia declaring actual war and overtaking kiev , to sink to 50 . 
  such exchange rate would put average wage in int $ for ukraine somewhere between niger and mozambique . 
  it ca n't be that bad ... 
  you can have dialogue without having sticky threads about big jewish conspiracy of white genocide . 
  usa has next elections before germany 's . 
  i 'm curious what will happen to that sub once new us president gets chosen . 
   * that * sub * that * sub got quarantined and subsequently went private/moved to voat . 
  nothing of value was lost . 
   is there a reason for this ? 
  it seems like poor planning . 
  there was a huge population growth in every city , followed by usual urban sprawl . 
  those plants were usually on outskirts of cities or dedicated `` industrial '' zones , back when they were built . 
  eventually they simply get swallowed by new buildings around it , just like small villages around metropolis turn into districts of city proper . 
   it 's not like trains are known for having short braking distances i know it , you know it , train operator knows it , police knows it ... 
  does n't change the fact that dude wants to weasel out from paying over 200k eur for damages - even insurance wo n't cover it , as he was n't supposed to enter the crossroads once the lights started blinking ( he thought he 'll make it before barriers go down ) . 
  breaking news : truck owner is suing the train driver . 
  `` he saw the truck - he could 've braked '' . 
  owner sent a notification to persecutor 's office that train operator might have broken traffic laws . 
  case will most likely get thrown out , but for now they are `` investigating it '' . 
  damages are estimated as 700k pln for train repair and 50k for truck . 
  train company is praising it 's employee for correct behavior and plan to use the footage in training of new drivers . 
   does n't bulgaria also have a lot of gypsies ? 
  yes , and they are famous for it as well . 
  the problem is the similarity of romania and romani in many european languages and the media in 90s who used to refer to all gypsies as `` romanians '' when reporting crimes . 
   why ? 
  better go there and win it in moscow !, 
  that would be awesome !, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mn0in1fzqoi ( audience was whistling and booing everytime he was about to jump . 
  he ended up getting gold medal and new world record . 
  ussr ambassador demanded his title be taken away and lifetime ban . 
  polish authorities explained that the rude gesture was caused by muscle cramp . 
  it 's * poland * not * holland * ffs ... polish diaspora does n't have large presence in asia , so you need to spend around 5 minutes explaining where your country is located and that you are n't part of netherlands . 
  poland has great vegetables prices due to effect of scale - it does n't matter that farmer earns 5 cents off a kilo of potatoes when he has 200 hectares of potato fields . 
  there 's simply not enough land in lithuania . 
  same with distribution profit margins . 
  does n't matter . 
  it worked . 
  entire budget was like $ 100k , and it ended up having huge coverage as a result of it 's `` memeness '' . 
  hell , it ran four years ago and people are still talking about it , even in this thread . 
  you ca n't beat that kind of roi when it comes to advertisment . 
   yells `` gas the jews '' is not innocent teaching a pug to do nazi salute on the other hand ... 
   i wonder how long it will be for czechia , estonia and slovenia to follow and become net contributors too . 
  poland already had first ( out of 16 ) voivodeships kicked out from some eu development funds due to no longer meeting criteria already , and second one should reach the level in next budget period ( 2020-2024 ) . 
  sadly , the voivodeships in eastern poland ( invest plz ) are so underdeveloped that it will take very long time there .
