  anyway , 1989 - we 're `` free '' again . 
  solidarity movement kicks out moscow pawns from country , soon other `` socialist republics '' follow suit and cccp finally implodes . 
  next 25 years are spent integrating into western structures ( nato and eu ) , repairing the damages done to industry by half of century of socialism and trying to catch up with the west ... 
  it has nothing to do with spying - you can just drive to kaliningrad and take better pictures on-site . 
  do n't even need visa . 
  - it 's mostly about smuggling - as the price of cigarettes is rising in poland to get in line with western europe and ruble price falling , which increases prices difference , more and more gets smuggled in . 
  i live around 50km away from border and if you see some blue collar worker smoking , you can bet his cigarette box will have `` smoking causes cancer '' warning written in cyrlic ... 
  i remember they even caught someone using homemade drone to smuggle cigarettes above the border recently . 
  poland 's own territory is reasonably safe - most people do n't believe there 's a reason that russia would want to annex any part of our country - we have no `` russian minority '' to protect and no natural resources that russia would n't find within their own borders . 
  also , any attempt of long-term occupation would be a total meatgrinder for troops that would make recent afgan/iraqi wars a cakewalk in comparison - we have no powerful factions that could be used as allies to `` divide and conquer '' . 
  while we do n't have big gun ownership culture , like in usa or switzerland , there are over 120k registered hunters , who own rifles with scopes - every time occupant goes out for a patrol in town he sees 100s of windows - snipers can lurk in any of those ... education is very highly valued here and we have literally 100s of thousands of chemists , mechanics and engineers - potential ied manufacturers . 
  most males over 30yo completed at least basic military training , and there 's a kind of resurgence of patriotic para-military groups among younger generation that finally got recognized by ministry of defense and there are plans to include those in country 's defense tactics . 
  while most of country is as flat as a pan and kinda indefensible against massed armored forces attack , we have plenty of forests to hide in and continue guerrilla attacks until western allies come to help . 
  all things considered , we consider ourselves rather safe , but it ca n't be said about our northern neighbors - in recent polls around 30 % of population believed there 's a possibility of `` hybrid war '' in baltics , similar to one that 's happening in eastern ukraine - we are mostly arming ourselves in order to provide support to our allies if it 's needed . 
  ca n't speak for germany/netherlands , but solar panels in poland are heavily subsidized ( around 50 % of cost ) , while the wind turbines are n't . 
  additionally , there are prohibitive construction laws , for example you ca n't place turbines within so-and-so metres of residental buildings etc. 
  friendly reminder that paralympics in 1980 were held in netherlands , while olympics were hosted in moscow - glorious leaders of cccp insisted that there are no disabled people in russia , and refused to host them in their country , neither sent any participants . 
  personally , i liked the solution for corrupt government officials used by cambyses ii ( he caught the judge accepting the bribe , he flayed him , he used the skin to make a chair for next judge that replaced the corrupt one ) , but in modern times going `` full romania '' would suffice too , i guess ... 
  most of `` fucked up , old , dilapidated residential buildings '' here are using tile/ceramic stoves fueled by coal or wood . 
  gas explosions happen from time to time , but are pretty rare ( few biggest ones have even their own wikipedia articles ) . 
  generally , gas-related stuff is treated very seriously , with mandatory inspections etc. 
  much bigger problem are carbon monoxide poisoning deaths - those still happen ( or at least are reported in news ) way too often to be comfortable . 
  just stop giving them beans . 
  but using recordings generates co ^ 2 emissions from electricity ... we all eco now . 
  if berlin wall fiasco were of any lesson , we do n't have to build anything , and just keep on track with changes we 've been implementing since 1989 ... 
  soon , it 'll be russians building the wall , trying to keep people in . 
  comparing the cost of hummer and rpg-7 missile . 
  driver stared at passing column and changed lane . 
  to avoid frontal collision with second civilian car approaching from opposite side , he rapidly changed lane again and bumped into hummer belonging to usa column . 
  no-one got hurt . 
  driver got 250pln ( ~ 67 $ ) fine . 
   not sure if there is now also the possibility to import it from the western side . 
  there is . 
  poland was sending gas to ukraine last autumn , when russia cut them off . 
  we placed order for increased demand . 
  russia realized where that spare gas is going and replied that `` they wo n't be able to fulfill the new order '' . 
  we 're suing for breach of contract . 
  great success . 
  oh , summer child , drop the naughty thoughts . 
  `` banging the radiator '' is time-honored method of communication from times before cellphones . 
  you basically take something heavy ( my grandma used huge scissors for example , when she wanted to invite her neighbor for coffee ) and smack the radiator in your room - due to how central heating pipes are laid out , noise carries up and down , and the banging is heard in every flat in vertical line . 
  it is also socially-responsible `` last warning '' if the students two stairs down are partying too loudly and you already changed into night-gown , before you call a police . 
  we bought 120ish for around 2mil a pop in 2003 . 
  few years later , we got another 120ish for `` free '' ( paid only transport costs ) . 
   as a result a lot of the leopard tanks were either sold or mothballed . 
  can confirm . 
  bought few hundred tanks on yard sale . 
   in 2003 poland obtained 128 of these leopard tanks from germany for the bargain basement price of $ 21.6 million along with 23 mig-29 fighters for only $ 30 million . 
  the tanks were selected by polish tank experts from among the three hundred leopard 2s recently placed in storage after being taken out of service by the downsized german army . 
  putting war aside , it 'd be very troublesome for tourists to spend time in crimea right now - to my knowledge credit cards are n't working there due to sanctions , so you need to carry bills of cash around . 
  i heard there are supply problems there as well , but i do n't know how reliable the news articles were . 
   `` police state is such a country where policeman earns more than a teacher '' - vladimir lenin anyway , poland 's relatively low wage is a result of huge overproduction of teachers that our universities are churning out every year combined with bad demographic ( many schools are closing down ) and economic ( most teachers keep teaching well into their retirement age , since pensions are quite low . ), 
  situation . 
   i think mailing alcohol ( especially homemade ) is forbidden . . just bribe the postman ... oh , wait . 
  norway is cheating . 
  remove fjords !, 
  no , the envoy from lechistan has not yet arrived . 
  it 's not even that far by polish settlement standards ... look up '' \u96c5\u514b\u85a9 '' . 
  vietnamese are the only non-european minority in poland , and they are seen as hard workers , non-radicals and integrating quickly . 
  at least switzerland is shown on this map , unlike usual ... 
   are you sure this is eastern europe ? 
  of course not . 
  poland is in ** central ** europe , duh . 
  their `` save the jugs '' campaign was pretty neat . 
  it 's hard to talk about `` citizenship '' in middle ages . 
  everyone was simply a `` kings ' subject '' after roman empire broke down . 
  under magdeburg laws , jews were treated similar to clergy - they could live in cities , own property , and were exempt from city council rulings , they used own laws instead ( respectively - qahal and canon law ) . 
  statute of kalisz from 1264 is 36 point decree that regulates the relationships further . 
  word `` citzenship '' first appears in 1605 ( as per dictionary ) , but the regulated status i described above definitely fills the definition . 
   it enshrines in holy language the special debt that french jews have always felt to france , as the first country in europe in which they were proclaimed full citizens . '', 
  jews enjoyed equal treatment in my country for as long as it existed . 
  first chronicled jewish community is dated 1085 . 
  magdeburg laws gave them great autonomies , including own courts . 
  in 1332 wi\u015blicki statutes were created , which included guarantee of religious freedoms . 
  desecration of jewish cementeries carried heavy punishments and forceful kidnapping of jewish children , in order to baptize them ( common in western europe ) , was punishable by death . 
  early 1400s made our tolerance a sore in ass for vatican , which tried to put pressure on us during synod of constance . 
  in 1407 some nutjob cleric wanted to make a pogrom in cracow , but royal guards themselves stamped it out . 
  in 1764 , just before first partitions , 750.000 out of 1.2 mil jews worldwide were living in poland . 
  for residential customers , it 's the other way around . 
  isps routinely oversell their capacity , since not everyone uses 100 % of their bandwidth all the time . 
  there are two kinds of toilets in germany : - clean toilets - free toilets choose wisely . 
  anything south of hungary is pretty much non-existent in popular media ( apart from greece crisis ) and majority of the people who do travel abroad usually head west , not south . 
  also , stereotypes like these are very hard to shake off . 
   i guess slovakia was just lucky their gypsies stayed in their country . 
  ... or they had better pr . 
  plumbers ? 
  nah , the only thing most people connect with romania are gypsies . 
  bit of context for people unfamiliar with poland 's political landscape : psl is mostly farmer 's and small towns residents ' party . 
  they are very strong in local governments of rural areas , but on central-level they are very `` mild '' - never say too much and never burn bridges . 
  as a result , they can ( and usually do . 
  they 've been in all but one government since 1990 ) form coalition with pretty much every winning party , which gives them lucrative positions in government-controlled companies etc. 
  they can say anything , but when it comes to vote , they will do whatever their coalition partner tells them to . 
  venezuela ( by a huge margin , mostly because of 78 % inflation rate ) 2 . 
  argentina 3 . 
  south africa ( nothing is said about those two , apart from mentioning that they occupied the same spot last year ) 4 . 
  ukraine ( 8,5 k $ gdp , rising unemployment , 17.5 % inflation . 
  they get compared to philippines , but notice that the prospects are better than they were last year ) 5 . 
  greece 6 . 
  spain 7 . 
  russia ( 15 % inflation , 50 % drop in oil prices ) 8 .
