  it was headline/slogan rapidshare used back in the days , before they attempted to rebrand themselves as `` enterprise cloud storage '' following ( first ) megaupload shutdown . 
  `` cyberlocker '' is another popular name for sites like that , but it went somehow out of use , after `` cryptolocker '' ransomware became popular . 
  one click hosting - rapidshare , mediafire , mega etc. 
  aaaand ... that 's exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  let 's go step by step , shall we ? 
   polish police are guys who couldnt be doctors , engineers , soldiers , managers , skilled staff etc. 
  and dont want to bake breads or drive trucks . 
  for every opening there are 100s of candidates - while police ca n't offer as high pay as other professions you mentioned , they make up for it with stability of employment and very early retirement . 
  list of criteria prospect policemen have to fit is quite long - jokes about patrols having two people , so that one can read and other can write are relict of old era . 
   these guys cant do anything else but follow what commander says . 
  and that 's how it should be . 
  we do n't want another turkey , do we ? 
   commander is usually connected to gvnmt . 
  they literally ca n't - police members are prohibited membership in political parties ( article 63 ) . 
   police chases online p2p got downloads again - `` blame the game , not the player '' - copyright infrigement by seeding on p2p networks is illegal , but persecution is always on request of copyright owner - if you look at issue from his side , he gives notification of criminal activity and expects police to handle it , as the law states . 
  if you are not happy that people are fined for pirating , you should start lobbying to have those stupid laws changed , not blame the police for actually enforcing them . 
   we are slaves , people are poor and according to you content . 
  how old are you ? 
  i remember times when average salary over here was 50 $ / month ... wages are raising every year , and while some people might get fucked over on `` junk contracts '' , i fail , again , to see connection of state of economy , with police ...  those cunts in warsaw were literally recorded saying ( ... ) `` those cunts '' were politicians , not police . 
  `` most '' is definitely exaggeration - there is some `` jp 100 % '' youth , but everyone i know , who had contact with police in last 15 years has neutral or positive view . 
  sure , if you 're some pothead who got shaken down and has suspended sentence for possession of 0.5 g of marijuana your opinion might differ , but you should `` blame the game , not the player '' ... 
  we had some pilgrims from south america that arrived at wyd with full backpacks of canned food and were genuinely surprised at people walking freely on streets and shops fully stocked ... http://wiadomosci.wp.pl/kat,1342,title,dziejesienazywo-milena-kindziuk-pielgrzymi-z-zagranicy-dziwia-sie-ze-w-polsce-nie-ma-dyktatury,wid,18445561,wiadomosc.html?ticaid=117793, 
  according to generalplan ost , 80 -- 85 % poles should be `` removed '' to make space for aryans . 
  in auschwitz alone , 140 thousands poles were imprisoned , half of which died . 
  yea , but it 's like 4pln/100km , and that 's assuming you pay for electricity yourself - all publicly available chargers are free to use now . 
  i could totally see sales reps provided with them - huge savings on gas . 
  why not ? 
  it 's not even that expensive for new cars - my local audi dealership currently offers 40.000 pln off on selected models , bringing it down to `` affordable '' ~ 200.000 pln . 
  there are some leafs ( leaves ? ), 
  driving around poland , as well as like a dozen teslas - biggest issue is that unless you live in warsaw , gdansk or wroclaw , there 's absolutely no infrastructure , like chargers , to support them . 
  http://www.nissan.pl/pl/pl/vehicle/electric-vehicles/leaf.html 128.000 pln = ~ 29.000 eur msrp, 
  funnily enough , plz was old currency code , before hyperinflation ran it into ground , and got replaced by pln in 1995 - `` n '' stands for `` nowy '' / `` new '' . 
  it 's not only russian military that 's extremely conservative when it comes to strategic weapons - usa still uses 8 inch floppy disks from 70s for their icbm-controlling computers . 
  they are due to be phased out by 2020 . 
  northern europe is under oceanic climate - winters are warmer and summers cooler than areas under continental climate . 
  london and warsaw are at almost the same latitude ( 51-52 \u00b0 n ) , but their record low temperature is \u2212 13.2 c , while over here it 's \u2212 30.7 c. 
  well , at least fuel will be cheap ... 
  http://fundacjaestera.pl/en/ is the ngo site . 
  216 mw * 24 * 365 = 1892160 mwh average yearly household energy consumption in germany = 3512 kwh ( data by world energy council ) 1892160 / 3,5 = 540617 fuck , i messed up - it 's 540 thousands households , not 540 ... 
   and by the way , these 2,000 people were not people that you took because it is something you came up with but because it was part of the eu relocation scheme . 
  you 're talking about different group . 
  it was all organized and funded by ngo with money raised by donors - our government gave them carte blanche and only promised issuing residence permits . 
  eu refugee quota was n't even on the table back then - we 're talking literally beginning of this crisis . 
  processing transactions and preventing double-spending is the same thing - transaction data is collected in `` blocks '' that miners `` mine '' by solving cryptographic functions - blocks follow one another - the chain with largest computing power behind it is deemed as the `` correct one '' and others are discarded . 
  double-spend attack occurs when possible attacker controls majority of network , allowing him to `` cancel '' transactions from earlier blocks and establish new chain , with same coins becoming available to be spent again . 
   how many people has eastern europe ever resettled from the region ? 
  if any , not more than a handful . 
   you can not really blame this on on experiences or whatever . 
  your countries are unwilling to provide . 
  they have never been willing and there is no change in sight . 
  i 'm not sure if german media covered this , since it does n't fit the narrative , but at the very beginning , we flown over 2000 syrian christians directly from damascus - they were given housing , furnishing ( tvs , bikes for kids , computers - often provided by local businessmen ) , monthly stipend roughly equivalent to average wage , places at schools for kids , local businessmen offered adults job openings with market-rate salaries - entire communities poured their support . 
  nothing fancy , but enough to start new life , without having to worry when next artillery shelling will come . 
  many of our own poor or homeless citizens would give everything to get similar support . 
  pretty much every week few families `` disapeared '' to germany , often leaving overnight , without even leaving a `` thank you '' note . 
  few weeks later , pope issued a plea for every church organization to accept refugees - local parish , who hosted one of those families before , and spent a lot of time getting everything organized , when asked `` what now ? '', 
  answered `` i think our answer should be obvious . 
  our first experiences were as they were . 
  this was a lesson for us . '', 
  - they ended up housing a family from donetsk , ukraine instead . 
   honestly , is that even possible with the wast number of bitcoin transactions ? 
  you underestimate how insanely ineffective bitcoin 's de-centralized approach to process transactions is . 
  entire functionality could be replicated on single 2000eur server with 100eur yearly electricity bill , while currently it uses like 216mw of power 24/7 ( and that 's assuming everyone used most energy-efficent current-gen chips - there 's plenty of nodes running legacy hardware , with even worse w/gh ratio ) - enough to power around 600 households in germany . 
  and hardware itself goes well into 100s of millions $ . 
  as for ripping data from current blockchain , it 's very easy as well - there are public services providing such data already ( https://blockchain.info ) and making a copy of such service for private use is doable by pretty much every compsci graduate . 
   in those countries with higher wage growth what is the unemployment rate ? 
  http://i.imgur.com/pz0ayb5.png also , another factor to consider is official vs real data . 
  i live in mid-size town in voivodeship with largest unemployment rate ( 16,5 % , roughly twice country 's average ) and every second shop has `` we 're hiring . 
  give your cv to store manager . '', 
  notice posted - if you 're looking for work , you will find one without problem . 
  well , we used to want to help - fund and establish camps in mena , patrols on mediterranean sea , that turn back boats of illegal smugglers , accept genuine refugees , after they present proper proof of identity and got vetted by our security services . 
  instead , we got shouted down by western europe , calling us racists and insisting that we should accept everyone who manages to get within our borders , as well as any spillovers from west ( see - mandatory `` refugee '' quota ) . 
  can you really blame people for going `` fuck that shit '' ? ... 
   then i hear news stories of portuguese and greek students being beaten up by accident in poland because thugs thought they were arab , both validating my concerns and revealing that even if poland is overall safe , there are still those mindless thugs/hooligans roaming about who probably wo n't give a crud about the difference between latino and arab . 
  if you look on brighter side - i recall three or four cases total reported by media ( and we can pretty much assume that 's the full extent of occurrences , as it causes great shitstorm and media love reporting on stories like those ) in last 12 months . 
  we have slightly larger population count than entire canada , who recorded 99 cases in 2014 and probably even more in 2015 ... also , i can guarantee you that speaking polish would get you out of like 99,9 % confrontations - this is primary `` determining factor '' used by lower-class nationalists to divide the world on `` us '' and `` them '' . 
   i think that polish authorities are wondering now how to extract the information from this person . 
  i 'm pretty sure we could bring back some `` policemen '' who worked in 60s-80s back from retirement on one-off case . 
  rubber-hose cryptanalysis is surprisingly effective . 
  not sure if that 's the kind of country i would want to live in tho . 
  it all makes sense now ! ... 
  of course that might be the case - he 's just a `` suspect '' for now , and will be let go , if our services wo n't find any further evidence , especially explosives themselves or communication traces/plans that might indicate him being part of some terrorist plot . 
  only odd thing for now is him renting several apartments at once - i ca n't see any reasonable explanation for it . 
  it 's just really shitty time to be walking around with explosives traces on your clothes over here - with recently completed nato summit and upcoming world youth day , all services are on their toes for every abnormality - even border checks have been reintroduced for july and first few days of august - so far they caught one tunisian with fake passport , one pole smuggling drugs and like twenty people with outstanding arrest warrants . 
  he 's formally charged with possession of `` small quantities '' of explosives ( polish law has two paragraphs for it - `` standard '' ( hobbyists keeping mortar ammo on attic , chemists making small batches of c4 to impress friends and so on ... ) and `` large amounts '' ( intended for international arms dealers , large gangs , etc. ) . 
  he 's facing between six months and eight years . 
   ( poland runs a napoleonic code-inspired legal system , suspects are arrested pending investigation . 
  this is n't his sentence . ), 
  it 's not a routine thing . 
  basically , you can can be arrested , with approval of judge on request of persecutor , if there 's probability that you might interfere with investigation or attempt to flee the country , and this case fills this criteria . 
  most crimes do n't end with arrest , with other measures in place , like being forbidden to leave the country , having to appear at police station few days/week , depositing bail etc. 
  russia and belarus have similar agreement to our schengen zone . 
  or at least they had one , until belarus , a landlocked country , became leader in salmon and shrimp exports to russia , after eu food got sanctioned - there were threats of reintroducing border controls , but no idea how it ended . 
  the point / u/the _ faded_earth was making is that nations need to be considerate of their neighbors , especially if they have bad relations with them . 
  that 's why india and pakistan have direct line to each other , so that if there 's some misunderstanding or clash at the border , other side can contact top of chain of command directly , who will hopefully pour some cold water on hotheads below them , preventing potential escalation . 
  yet , that 's exactly what happened at peak of cold war - usa put nukes in turkey , and ussr responded by placing them in cuba , leading to cuban missile crisis ... 
   but there will be no access without the free movement because , indeed , a lot of nations does not see it as benefit , but rather as cost . 
  on the other hand , other nations see it in opposite direction - free movement of goods and services is a cost over here , with western-made products and companies overtaking domestic economy ( as we are unable to enact protections that would give our own companies a leg up on our relatively large market - in similar vein to how south korea , japan or china are doing ) , and free movement of people is a benefit . 
   does not matter , the law is the law and must be respected . 
  i do n't even ... not every law is good and benefits society . 
  then , in western democracies , there 's possibility ( elections , referenda , ngo lobbying ) to have harmful laws changed/repealed - what recourse north korean citizens have ?
