  now they can only be sweetened with honey . 
  if they ca n't buy in school , then they go somewhere else , so these changes are senselessness - says alexander , a student v lo . 
  such restrictions mean problems for some , for others - benefit . 
  grocery stores and bakeries near schools are rubbing their hands . 
  - for some time we were no longer selling sandwiches , now we go back again to them . 
  we increased the order . 
  donuts and onion-buns are selling well too - says mrs. milena from the grocery store next to v high school . 
  near the school there 's also pizza and kebab . 
  they ca n't complain about lack of customers . 
  - assortment in the school shop suited young people . 
  as a result , we were able to reduce their rushing on breaks from school . 
  now students leave again , we can not forbid them , some of them are already of age - says zbigniew jakuszko , director of high school . 
  in the photo - a school store products in secondary school in lublin the longest break in lublin schools usually lasts 20 minutes . 
  students then go with entire group run to the nearest store , then - running again - coming back . 
  - at the intersection on the dlugosz and popie\u0142uszki street , there are no lights , and rides a lot of cars , children often do not look around . 
  we are afraid that something will happen to somebody - says alice podg\u00f3rska , a teacher at school no . 
  - they are not buying chips and energy drinks , just something for lunch - says ms. monika , a saleswoman from the grocery store at ul . 
  the line is sometimes 20 people . 
  all with the chocolate bars and kolachs . 
  shop then open additional check-out counters . 
  eating habits from home students from school no . 
  9 may not leave the school grounds during recess . 
  they make purchases in the morning , before school . 
  - i used to sell coke only in small cans . 
  the children are now telling me that if they do not buy from me , then they go to the store and take a liter bottle , to give them enough for the day . 
  the same is true of chocolate bars - buy three instead of one , because i do not know how much they will need - says justin rodak , who runs a shop in high school . 
  patricia , a student from second class of gymnasium goes the store every day to buy bun and water . 
  she was not used to taking sandwiches from home . 
  now , before lessons she 's rushing to the store . 
  - we understand that there is a problem with obesity , but why do they want us all to turn into supermodels ? 
  after school we go to the first pizzeria , and eat something , because all day we did not eat anything and it comes out worse than before - says patricia . 
  teachers share this opinion . 
  in their view , legislative change does not solve the problem . 
  children eating habits come out of the house , they come to school already with some habits . 
  in the photo - maria runs a shop in upper secondary school in lublin - those who do not eat chips , because the parents do n't buy such food , they will continue to not eat them . 
  teaching healthy eating should start from home , not from changing shops offer at school - says justyna rodak . 
  everyone smuggles something from home change in regulations is beneficial shops in the area of schools , but also enterprising students . 
  - last colleague brought a whole bag of buns . 
  there must have been about twenty . 
  in the corridor he sold them . 
  even i bought one , 2 pln - says charles , a student of secondary school in lublin . 
  - for now , everyone smuggles something from home . 
  after the start of the school year , we came to the store , there was only water available . 
  let 's see how it will turn out , we 'll get used to . 
  students most complain about the lack of large juice , donuts and of course coffee . 
  - on tuesdays we have classes from 8 to 17 , in order to survive so many hours , i need caffeine and sugar - says veronica , a student of `` zamoya '' . 
  high school students now bring you a cup of coffee in the thermos . 
  others are buying tea kettles to classes on a break to be able to make something to drink . 
  in the corridors you can see how the students eat sweet rolls and sip coca-cola . 
  some bring salt to sandwiches , which they bought in the store . 
  in the photo - shop in secondary school in lublin - i ca n't forbid a student to eat a donut , whom he previously bought . 
  you have to wonder what it was about when writing this law . 
  see to it that the student did not buy , or not to eat ? 
  - asks zbigniew jakuszko of v high school . 
  alcohol yes , coffee - not the ministry of health established a restrictive and narrow the list of products approved for human consumption . 
  - at the moment in the market there 's few products that meet certain standards by law . 
  it is hard to order something from the manufacturers that meet all the requirements - explains maria cholewa , which for 24 years runs a shop in secondary school . 
  products that can be in accordance with the law to sell at school , are expensive , so the kids will not buy them . 
  - i ordered a one-day juices , are low in sugar . 
  within a week i sold one . 
  there is no interest , because they are much more expensive than ordinary drinks - explains justyna national from the shop in school no . 
  the act also stated that drinking bottles should not be larger than 330 ml . 
  - it is known that more profitable to buy juice or water in a larger container than a few small . 
  after physical education classes 0,3-liter water bottle to me is not enough , maybe six-year children , but not 18-year olds - says piotr , from lo v . the new rules apply to both kindergartens , primary schools and junior high schools and high schools . 
  they include shops , school canteens , bars and kitchens on school grounds . 
  - half of these restrictions should not apply to secondary schools . 
  another orientation is feeding in elementary school and another in high school . 
  16-year-old knows what he should eat . 
  in our school , 70 percent of the students are girls . 
  they watch their diet . 
  it is ridiculous that those who have id can buy cigarettes or alcoholin the store , and here can not buy coffee or pastries - says the director jakuszko . 
  dumplings without salt , wheat flour pizza most shops school have n't been selling unhealthy foods for several years . 
  - there was a suggestion from the board and we adapted . 
  i did not sell energy drinks , chips . 
  i have children myself and i would not want them to eat it - says maria , shop owner in 9th upper secondary school . 
  there have n't been chips for five years . 
  in the photo - shop in secondary school in lublin - i 've never had a liter , two-liter carbonated beverages , only in small cans . 
  children not even asked about the chips because they know that i 'm not selling them - explains justyna rodak . 
  the future of many school shops is now in question . 
  cholewa hopes that they will allow her to keep lunches , which started selling . 
  - now i signed a contract with a company that will prepare for me to prepare pancakes , dumplings . 
  without salt and from the appropriate flour , meeting all of the requirements . 
  the problem is only with the preparation . 
  students have only one longer break , and everything you need to warm up , get ready . 
  i ca n't afford to hire a help , because of too high costs - she says . 
  justin rodak to keep the shop , began to bring on a wholemeal bun dough . 
  she also has special pizzas . 
  - no sugar , no salt , with chicken , mushrooms and corn . 
  children seemed to like it , but since they had no other choice , what they have to say ? 
  - he says . 
  what you can buy in the shops school ? 
  in accordance with the law on food safety and nutrition on the shelves of school shops , there can be a sandwich from whole-wheat or whole-grain breads . 
  it ca n't contain mayonnaise . 
  ketchup can only be used if it has the appropriate content of tomatoes . 
  the sausage must contain min . 
  70 percent . 
  of meat and not more than 10 grams of fat . 
  the schools will also be selling salads , natural yoghurt and kefir . 
  students will be able to also buy juice ( but only in bottles of 0.3 ) and fruit purees . 
  all drinks can not to be sweetened , the exception is only sweetening with honey .
