  people bought 100-1000 sim cards and started selling them on german ebay . 
   the expected outcome on my part is that i 'd have unlimited mobile data back in my home country and pay money to the foreign telecom . 
  is this feasible ? 
  now you understand rationale behind `` four freedoms of european union '' and single-market . 
  shitty telecoms will have to up their game or get eaten alive by ambitious competitors . 
  would it , really ? ... 
  think about it for a moment . 
  why are russian oligarchs buying properties in the west , buying shares in western companies , sending kids to western schools , but hardly the other way around ? 
  as it is now , you `` own '' something in russia only as long as someone more powerfull than you does n't take a fancy in it . 
  you mentioned khodorkovsky already , but there are countless examples like him . 
   anything short of setting their mansions on fire will be pointless . 
  i 'm fairly sure that such a move would be frowned upon by european authorities , haha . 
  setting mansions on fire would be frowned upon by europeans , indeed . 
  mostly because last time it happened in russia in october 1917 it did n't ... end well . 
  what would definitely get our support is anti-corruption/transparency initiatives , applied equally to every oligarch , not only those `` unloyal '' to putin . 
   russia is not smuggling anything , it 's their own territory , they can do as they please . 
  do you remember what shitstorm russia raised when initial missile shield plans got announced ? 
  we could 've said `` it 's our own territory , we can do as we please '' too . 
  do n't you see hypocrisy there ? 
  to be fair , the only times northern europe hears about balkans is when there 's corruption , kalashnikovs or ethnic tensions involved ( sometimes even all three at once ) - you guys really need to step up your pr game - post some good news , pretty pictures , `` slice of life '' stuff ... romania used to be butt of all jokes too , but they got quite positive image nowadays . 
  your entire region could be `` here be dragons '' area , as far as european perception is concerned - only european country i know less about is malta . 
   i do n't know if you know , but these two guys actually managed to burn half of the country on their way there , and killed millions . 
  25 millions died as a result of your last example searching for his demise in the east . 
  compare this to switzerland 's experience in these periods . 
  yes , i know about death toll those wars brought to russia . 
   compare this to switzerland 's experience in these periods . 
  maybe it was caused not by couple hundred thousands of militia , who would be obliterated by either side ( i 'm pretty sure that if hitler managed to win the war , sooner or later , they would be invaded , under any pretext , if only to secure gold reserves ) , but by absolute neutrality that they committed to ? 
  once both sides saw that switzerland has no desire to participate in war , nor help their enemies , they left them alone . 
  meanwhile , russia invaded poland , splitting spoils of war with nazis in half ( as per ribbentrop-molotov pact ) , then cried foul when their former ally turned back on them . 
  you ca n't play with fire , without getting burned . 
   i believe that 's the exact reason swiss are still having so many soldiers , for such a small country . 
  switzerland has standing army of 120.000 . 
  they spend 0,76 % of gdp on it . 
  it 's not large military by any account . 
  also , do you really believe that nato wants to invade switzerland and their conscripts are the only thing that prevents it ? 
   i only know of one polish car - polski fiat , hardly an achievement a country can be proud of . 
  given the circumstances ( planned economy ) , i 'd say it was quite successful model - it was cheap and reliable . 
  like 6 millions of them were produced and/or exported - some drive in cuba to this day . 
  following models ( cinquecento and seicento ) sold in millions as well . 
  also , from civilian point of view even shittiest car is more useful than brand new tank , which is what i was hinting at - soviet union produced armaments at huge rate , while citizens had empty shelves in store . 
   and i do n't think a country has to make everything by itself - belgium does not produce cars either , but it does produce good guns . 
  good cars can be bought later , for the money received from the weapon export . 
  of course . 
  the problem would start when belgian government focused on arms only , stockpiling them in case of eventual attack , rather than selling , to the point of neglecting needs of their citizens . 
   and vice versa , i do n't think moscow ever has said it has any territorial claims with poland . 
  can you say the same about lithuania , latvia and estonia ? 
  those are the countries we are worried about - like you said , russia has no issues with poland and vice-versa , but baltics are our allies , and they feel geniuenly threatened by russia 's expansionism ( also , did you notice how relations soured following wars in georgia and ukraine ? 
  before those , people complaining about russia 's possible aggression were called paranoics ) . 
  feel free to show me some reputable publications where baltics present any territorial claims toward russia . 
   polite people were the only reason sevastopol right now is not being shelled like makeevka is . 
  do n't yell `` muscovites on the knives '' for several months in a row , and then actually use artillery , combat aviation and tanks on the people that happen to be of russian ethnicity , and you wo n't need to be afraid that karma actually is a bitch and will ruin your day with a grad missile landing exactly on your position . 
  in fact , killing any other minority ethnicity is wrong too . 
  beginnings of that conflict are really murky for me , but to my knowledge no-one in kiev wanted to genocide russians living in eastern ukraine . 
  only when actual war started , violent slogans started appearing , just like it 's usually the case in wars . 
   guess what would happen if some latin america 's country decided to kill / capture us students ? 
  it is country 's duty to protect it 's citizens . 
  if it was independent actors ( terrorists , drug cartels etc. ), 
  i 'd expect special forces to be deployed to rescue hostages and either kill the perpetrators or capture them and bring to court , after obtaining permission from host country to act on their territory . 
  for country-sanctioned actions , issue should be brought before international bodies , like un , the same way every other disputes are solved ( [ hell , even american hostages in north korea get released this way ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_foreign_nationals_detained_in_north_korea ) ) . 
  now , inhabitants of eastern ukraine were ** not ** russian citizens and russia should have no business there . 
  if they felt their rights were violated , they should file a complaint first with ukrainian courts , and if those were denied , they could appeal to international bodies ( international court of justice , european court of human rights etc. 
  ) , just like civilized people do . 
  aberdeen - north sea oil . 
   country surrounded by the mountains from all sides so is russia , safe due mind-blowing vastness of territory , that protected them from both napoleon and hitler , who managed to conquest most of europe before finding their demise after heading east . 
   yet still everyone there are either a serving soldier or in the reserve i thought we 're talking about nato alliance , which has more professional soldiers than entire population of switzerland . 
  also , all `` new '' nato members in eastern europe used to have mandatory service , which got abolished after joining the alliance . 
  by your logic , number of people `` prepared to fight '' in countries bordering russia actually went down . 
   they are also in the top five `` guns per capita ' in the world only slightly higher ( 45 ) than two of their neighboring , nato-member countries - france ( 32 ) and germany ( 30 ) . 
  also , i think we can agree that privately-owned guns ca n't do shit against for example tanks in full-scale invasion . 
   i 'm saying there is no need to act surprised or call russia paranoid if after joining the aggressive military alliance you have russian missles aimed directly at you . 
  look , i can see kaliningrad border on clear weather days from higher buildings in my city , but most people really do n't give a shit about russian missiles and where are they directed at . 
  as long as you guys have proper procedures of control , to prevent unauthorized launches by rogue agents , and all missiles are well-maintained so that they do n't go off accidentally and are accounted for , so that they do n't end up in hands of some towelhead jihadi in middle east , you 're perfectly fine to produce tanks instead of cars , just like soviet union did . 
  we have no `` sphere of infulence '' nor any territorial claims with russia . 
  only thing we worry about it is `` little green men '' getting lost across the border and various russia-backed `` independence '' movements . 
  switzerland is literally surrounded by nato countries , not to mention army numbers , but for some reasons , we never hear about them complaining about it ... also , nato membership is voluntary - many countries bordering russia joined it out of own free will , exactly because they are bordering russia . 
  just take a look at poland and ukraine - in 1990 they were very similar , but poland pursued closer ties with west , while ukraine decided to remain `` neutral '' - see how it ended up working out for both . 
  our constitution prohibits persons with criminal sentence from exercising high public functions . 
  thanks . 
  that 's possible . 
  you 're probably more informed than me , since your news cover it in more detail . 
  over here it was only a short segment about it . 
  however , it makes one wonder - where did calais guys ended up in ? 
  couple thousand migrants ca n't simply vanish . 
  they moved from calais to paris . 
  i 'm sure most tourist will appreciate opportunity to see eifel tower and favelas in one trip . 
  to be deemed `` anti-semitic '' , person had to answer `` probably true '' to at least 6 out of 11 below questions : 1 . 
  jews are more loyal to israel than to [ this country/the countries they live in ] * 2 . 
  jews have too much power in international financial markets 3 . 
  jews have too much control over global affairs 4 . 
  jews think they are better than other people 5 . 
  jews have too much control over the global media 6 . 
  jews are responsible for most of the world 's wars 7 . 
  jews have too much power in the business world 8 . 
  jews do n't care what happens to anyone but their own kind 9 . 
  people hate jews because of the way jews behave 10 . 
  jews have too much control over the united states government 11 . 
  jews still talk too much about what happened to them in the holocaust, 
   and how should she prove her conversion ? 
  we do n't have those funny `` e '' on our keyboards , that 's for starters . 
  also , as international organization , they have `` localized '' their name in many languages - in poland , you 'll get only blank stares if you ask about `` medecins sans frontieres '' , but everyone recognizes `` lekarze bez granic '' .
