  our politicians wo n't agree to any deal that would discriminate our citizens . 
   yes . 
  as they should . 
  not if all three are voting on what to spend their collective earnings on . 
  it 's kind of like one sheep and two wolves voting on what to have for dinner ...  poor people in general , tend to vote less frequently than their richer fellow citizens . 
  not in this case . 
  voter turnout for brexit referendum was highest in poor areas of uk . 
  can you show me one such debate that is n't wishful `` what if '' thinking ? 
  giving preferable treatment to any one member of free trade area ( like the one you 're asking for ) would soon dismantle entire area , as every country would rush to secure their own exceptions to protect their interests . 
  there will be no deal then . 
  enjoy your tariffs . 
  ( such favourable treatment you 're asking for would undermine the very idea of common market , not to mention change as big as that would have to be ratified by every member country , and i 'm betting that quite a few would veto it ), 
   why is giving the public a chance to decide a bad thing ? 
  in democracy , two homeless tramps have bigger voting power than university professor ... also , giving people a choice , is good , provided they understand it 's implications and are prepared to live with it 's consequences , and the choice itself is based on rational data , not populism and tabloid fearmongering . 
  check out who was voting mostly for `` leave '' and try to guess who will get fucked over the most over it . 
   kind of annoys me how my flair has any relevance to my opinion on this sub sometimes . 
  it 's okay , the only reason we have flag flairs on this sub is to serve as a source of banter . 
  my country ai n't much better either , if you look at whom we elected last year . 
   it 's not every day that you see a country vote against its interests and for its own increasing international irrelevance . 
  remind me , who are usa 's presidential candidates ? . . 
  leave had overwhelming majority of 65 + yo votes . 
  18-25 voted 75 % for remain . 
  in a decade or two , entire issue would die out natural death . 
  `` leave '' voting region had much higher turnout than `` remain '' . 
  northern ireland too . 
  no idea how to make - xit out of that one ... denmark maybe as well . 
   you also talk like their is absolutely no guns in europe and you 're wrong . 
  that 's the biggest issue , that somehow seem to be completely lacking in american 's gun debate . 
  you see , even our gangsters/criminals rarely use guns - while they do have them ( everytime some gang gets raided police confiscates quite a stockpile ) , they somehow treat is as absolute last resort . 
  while fighting for turf , sending a dozen `` boys '' in tracksuits with baseball bats is just as effective , without risk of conflict suddenly escalating ( as it was the case in for example 1990s ) - it 's almost as if there was some implied agreement . 
  we have over 500.000 registered guns ( and god knows how many illegal ones ) , yet everytime there 're are shots fired , it makes national news . 
  poland - self-defense is regulated by article 25 of penal code . 
  `` one does n't commit a crime , when refuting direct , unlawful attack on any good protected by law . '', 
  this allows one to protect both his life/health as well as property or even intervene to protect others ( the last one is further bolstered in different laws , making one effectively a `` public servant '' in such cases - ie . 
  you see a mugging , you intervene , you get beaten up , assailant is accused as if he attacked policeman on duty ) . 
  there 's a single caveat , as defined by \u00a7 2 - defense should be appropriate ( ie . 
  you ca n't shoot someone who just shouts `` give me your money '' , but if he pulls a knife , he 's fair game ) . 
  however , even in such cases , it 's judged individually , taking all circumstances into account ( \u00a7 3 explictly lists fear and outrage as possible mitigating circumstances ) , and even if you overstep self-defense bounds and for example kill someone , you will be on trial for `` excessive self-defense '' not for example a murder itself . 
  they added \u00a7 5 later on , which removes `` honor '' and `` good name '' as protected goods ( mentioned in \u00a7 1 ) for self-defense purposes . 
  finally , self-defense is allowed also in civil code ( article 423 ) , so you ca n't get sued by assailant you beaten up later for damages . 
  overall , our self-defense laws are pretty robust . 
  judges uses to put `` exceeding self-defense boundaries '' under large scrutiny few years ago , resulting in some silly rulings , but nowadays the tide has turned and you can get with pretty much everything , as long as there even minuscule threat to your health . 
  i would n't worry much about nato summit - if previous events , like obama 's visit , are anything to go by , the city will be locked down tighter than jealous crusader wife 's chastity belt , and no-one unauthorized will get closer than kilometer to ground zero . 
  world youth day , largest christian gathering ( our mfa estimates up to 2,5 mln visitors ) is pretty much every 's jihadi-wannabe wet dream , and that 's what our services are most worried about . 
  we already suspended schengen for euro2012 before and it was only a minor inconvenience - people just had to show id and walk past scanner . 
   is it possible that those last minute deals are for places the dealer has already committed to paying for and it makes sense for him to sell those places at any price ? 
  that 's the idea behind `` last minute '' deals , but even full sticker price is very low . 
  boeing 737-700 needs 100 liters of fuel per passenger for round trip on that distance , and that 's assuming it flies 100 % full ( ~ 53eur ) , then you have airport fees ( waw charges 500eur for landing of 737-700 - gives about 4.7 eur/seat ; terminal fee - 14eur/passenger ) , airport in turkey probably has similar ones for arrivals . 
  then you have to pay waw again for return . 
  we 've just spent 110eur out of 275eur sticker price , without even setting a foot in turkish hotel . 
  and that 's even without counting insurance , asset depreciation , taxes ... 
   the proletariat did n't fancy those labels too much , for whatever reason , so it had to change . 
  still better than what our proletariat did to our aristocracy ... 
  ~ ~ what does c2 , de , c1 , ab social class mean ? ~ ~ nvm , found it : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nrs_social_grade, 
   if there is oversupply , then prices fall . 
  if tourism businesses are having to discount at what should be peak season , their business is in trouble , even if visitor numbers seem healthy . 
  all-inclusive 7 days vacation in turkey costs 1200-1500 pln ( 275-350eur ) over here , with last minute offers going as low as 750pln ( 170eur ) , and they still have problems filling up the planes . 
  i have no idea how this can be profitable - jet fuel and airport fees cost probably as much ... 
  i want this referendum to be over . 
  it 's getting more and more ridiculous with every passing day ... 
  houses are dirt cheap in bumfuck , nowhere areas of every european country - netherland 's problem is that your land area is simply too small to have those bumfuck , nowhere zones in first place . 
  you must construct additional polders . 
  it 's actually cheaper to buy/rent in easternmost regions and commute to poland than to buy/rent in polish cities on the border . 
  medium-sized house on szczecin , poland outskirts costs 70-80k eur , while one in rosow , germany can be had for 40-50k eur - commute times are pretty similar . 
  there are many real estate agencies in poland that specialize in those . 
  of course . 
  in poland situation is similar in some sectors - for example for construction works , one of first questions when negotiating the pay to have your house renovated is whether you need invoice for it . 
  does n't mean that data like that ca n't be used as some kind of indicator - i 'm sure there 's decent number of workers paid `` under the table '' in cambodia as well . 
  this is 2 years old data - before the mess in crimea & donbass started . 
  over those two years , uahusd dropped by ~ 50 % . 
  nowadays average wage in ukraine ( uah 3938 = $ 158 [ [ 1 ] ] ( http://index.minfin.com.ua/index/average/ ) ) is almost the same as minimum wage of textile , garment and footwear industries worker in cambodia ( $ 140 [ [ 2 ] ] ( http://www.prake.org/home/salary/minimum-wages ) ) . 
  people have been interpreting religious text to suit their needs for centuries . 
  past few years are hardly any different . 
  for example , let 's take the divorce you mention - while divorce is indeed prohibited , [ declaration of nullity ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/declaration_of_nullity ) has been a thing for a very long time - with end result being the same as divorce , just with longer and more expensive procedure ... 
   is n't the pope supposed to be infallible ? 
  one of pis senators got asked the same question shortly after pope announced that every parish , monastery and church should take in one refugee family . 
  his answer was `` pope is infallible in matters of faith . 
  in every other matter , he just has his opinions and i can disagree with those . '', 
   i 'm guessing the experience of cold war probably made the hardcore religious folks even more religious after the wall fell ? 
  this would be very understandable and would certainly get fixed with time . 
  party sought to `` eradicate every enemy of communism . 
  starting with god and going down from there . '' . 
  as a result , churches became bastions of opposition and catholicism became linked with patriotism . 
  nowadays importance of religion is diminishing among young , in favor of `` pure '' patriotism - you know something is odd , when [ soccer hooligan fanshops start stocking t-shirts with historical symbols , next to three-hole balaclavas and fitness equipment ] ( https://www.fightershop.com.pl ) ... pis rides this nationalism wave , and that 's how they ended up getting 25 % of 18-25yo votes , despite their policies completely not reflecting young people 's needs and wishes - last time it looked like they might win elections , the same youth propagated `` hide your grandma 's id on election day '' motto - and that 's how we end up with mess , as shown in this submission ... 
  there 's pretty big resistance towards his reforms , not only among among religious people , but even lower-level priests . 
  in poland , priest holds huge power in rural areas and small towns and some people ca n't accept this new `` franciscan '' approach . 
  i remember one priest writing a facebook post after pope refused to live in usual palace ( `` what next ? 
  he 's gon na rent a studio on rome outskirts ? . . '' ), 
  and that walking around in torn trousers does n't fit the dignity of papal institution ... you get the idea . 
  then again , generational divide shows , as young people seem to like his welcoming teaching - even some atheists go `` you know , this pope is pretty dope '' . 
  also , it kind of started even before current pope got elected - young people were very pissed at high horses priests were riding on - churches ran by franciscans were popular for long time , since you could talk with priests without being judged or lectured ( not to mention `` voluntary donation , but no less than ... '' that are plague of traditional churches everytime one asked priest to perform burial or wedding ... ), 
  i 'd say the time is on our side . 
  [ mohair berets ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mohair_berets ) are slowly dying out , and young generation is taking over . 
  biggest problem is that we do n't have viable parties that would allow new generation to channel their energy and provide representation . 
  as it stands now , elections procedure is `` pick whom you hate the most and vote for party opposite to it '' - that 's how pis got into power - people turned away from po after series of scandals and every other party on the list sucked , starting from psl ( even more corruption ) , going thru united left ( young people are working on `` zero hour countracts '' but we need to talk whether there should be a crucifix hanging above senate doors instead ) or party that got created two months earlier by famous rockstar with no programme and based only on protest ( `` what do we want ? 
  we do n't know . 
  when do we want it ? 
  now ! '', 
  - they somehow got 9 % of votes ... ), 
  that 's the funniest thing .
