  balcerowicz was still in primary school back then . 
  makes you feel bad you have n't invested in eastern poland in 1990 , eh ? 
   so let me get this straight , everyone who disagree with you or says something you dislike must be a stormfront/european shill spreading their vile hatred ? 
  is that what you honestly believe ? 
  no , of course not . 
  the post i was responding to seems to be deleted , but there was some nasty white supremacist stuff over there about black monkeys finding white girlfriends and getting them knocked up during the one year they stayed in europe while their immigration papers were processed so that they ca n't get deported anymore ... 
  i respect other opinions , but reminiscencing spain `` having the balls '' to kick out all jews 500 years ago is n't something i can get behind . 
   what happened to your empire of `` peace and equality '' ? 
  they went a bit `` too far '' - requiring unanimity voting of every noble to pass any sensible change to law effectively stagnated the progress of entire country , since poor lesser nobles were bought out by neighboring empires to veto any laws . 
  as a result we got conquered and divided by 3 empires we were between - austro-hungary , germany and russia - and disappeared from map of europe for 123 years . 
  i 'm not plumber myself . 
  i just respect hard work and people who do it . 
  `` polish plumber '' was one of faces of pr campaign our government used to ease up the fears of some countries about opening the borders when we joined schengen zone and it somehow sticked . 
  as for your question , i do believe they should be turned back , as the article states . 
  europe currently has enough problems itself , with 40 % youth unemployment in greece or spain and we should focus on helping those people instead . 
  ( not to mention that the people who would really need help from that region and earn 60 $ / mo , simply ca n't afford 2000 $ smugglers ' fee to begin with ) . 
  only once the situation in europe improves enough , we will be able to dedicate spare resources to help people in other continents . 
  i just hate people who use this situation to spew racist bullshit . 
  reducing dude who just landed on motherfucking comet to tears , and forcing him to apologize for wearing `` offensive '' t-shirt on the day that was supposed to be the triumph of his life , is not ` feminism ' i can get behind . 
  professional ` feminists ' making five figures a year , invited to morning coffee show to talk how hard modern women have it hard in current society , while some women in poland earn 300eur/mo for fulltime job , is not something i get behind . 
  trying to pass affirmative action-like laws that give people positions not because how competent they are , but rather by what kind of genitals they were born with , is not something i get behind . 
  promoting sexual education among younger women to help reduce the number of unwanted pregnancies is something i can get behind . 
  encouraging women from poor/village backgrounds to pursue higher careers if that 's their desire , rather than getting molded into `` traditional '' child-bearing role , is something i support . 
  putting pressure on countries where women are really discriminated against ( i mean saudi arabia , india etc. 
  ; no , `` manspreading '' is not discrimination ... ) to change their attitude , is something i can support . 
  and so on ... 
   ehhhhememememememem in 1492 poland and lithuania were two different countries . 
  so you 're wrong . 
  our united country was build on `` mind your own business '' and response to night of saint bartholomew . 
  of course . 
  i do n't see poland as sole remainder of plc legacy . 
  it was an union of two equal countries . 
  i used `` my '' in similar manner to how someone from wales or scotland can talk about `` us '' when referring to uk . 
   now that you 've rescued us , could you please take a look at this toilet ? 
  i ate a lot of indian food recently . 
  wow , so edgy ... has it ever occurred to you that the world simply ca n't run with only ceos and `` marketing managers '' , and without those plumbers you show contempt toward to , you 'd be either drowning in your own shit , or running outside to outhouse and shit into hole in ground ? 
  skilled manual labor is quite regarded profession in poland ( not as high as university proffesor , nurse or teacher , but way above politican , makler or office worker ), 
  sigh ... stormfront/european is leaking again . 
  polish plumber to the rescue !, 
   yeah right !, 
  first the feminists will protest , then all mainstream liberals , the newspapers will call any politician in favor of deportation a racist and a nazi , because they want the west to collapse and will criticize anyone in favor of saving it . 
  put your tinfoil hat off . 
  i ca n't speak for west , but in eastern europe no-one gives a fuck about `` feminists '' ( in western sense of that world , mind you . 
  we 're all for equality ) and twitter warriors . 
   the spanish managed to deport all the jews and muslims from their country almost 500 years ago , but we 're a lot more sentimental nowadays . 
  oh , yes . 
  and my country welcomed them with open arms . 
  soon after , we build empire stretching from today 's estonia to eastern ukraine , built on tolerance and `` mind your own business '' mentality . 
  west in the meantime spent next two hundred years razing villages and burning people on stakes , trying to figure out who 's the real pope . 
  ca n't speak about other countries , but in poland many old buildings got additional insulation in past few years ( nothing to do with russia crisis - most flats have special fund that owners pay a bit of money every month ( 10 $ -20 $ ... ) which is used for maintenance , painting etc. 
  - many homeowners associations put this money to use and plastered each wall with around 5inches thick layer of styrofoam and painted it over . 
  saves money and pays for itself back in few years - when they did it in my old flat , our heating bill dropped considerably next winter . 
  also , newly-built buildings have to meet certain levels of heating energy efficency before the project gets approved and later registered as household . 
  first : brings back memories of cogwheels and rye ears on socialist poland 1st may marches . 
  second : dancing people ? 
  third : actual europa from greek mythology - there 's certain irony in putting her on euro coin in current greece 's situation . 
  overall , the best design out of those five imo . 
  fourth : second-best on the list , but very bland and generic . 
  also , there are only 12 people holding hands there - new eurozone members should get some recognition . 
  fifth : looks kinda like cthulhu tentacle ... 
  anyway , my country is not in eurozone . 
   like if somebody says that ukrainians deserve to have at least one fully-ukrainian tv-channel ( which we still do n't have ) it does n't mean he is far-right , if a ukrainian wants to live in ukraine not feeling like a second-class citizen not being able to find a ukrainian school for his children in his own heavily russified city , or if i have no desire to see the god damn lenin 's face everyday on the main square of my city , guess what , we are not far-right . 
  most of poles have absolutely no problems with desires like that - we had similar wishes during partitions ( luckily we were n't soviet republic , but rather satellite state , so russian culture did n't manage to get strong roots and was quickly dealt with in 1990s ) and fully support the ones you mentioned . 
  however , waving flag with swastika by some voluntary troops is where we have to put the foot down ... ( and yes , i know that russian media blows those cases out of proportion ... ), 
  in some very poor countries ( think sub-saharan africa ) being fat is a cultural sign of wealth - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/leblouh, 
  [ obligatory ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pouco_m6bes ) those regulations about `` standard '' letters ( a - z ) only on official documents are put on for a reason ... 
  while i understand swedish-americans attachment to their `` b\u00f8rk '' , what if some town with large asian-american population decides to rename themselves to '' \u4e2d\u570b\u57ce '' ? ... 
  how will mail be handled ? 
  license plates ? 
  i 've just been hit-and-run by a vechile . 
  his plate was ... uhm ... character that looks like snake raising to attack ... something resembling square ... 72 ... * ... and so on ... you do n't lose your cultural identity by removing two dots , but it makes life easier to everyone who has some business with you . 
  in my country id cards have `` anglicized '' spellings with special characters converted in smaller font , at the bottom ( `` z '' instead of '' \u017b '' in my surname 's case ) , and i do n't feel any less polish because of it . 
  i 'm pretty sure the town in question has bigger problems than dots in their name and you should make politicians focus on those instead . 
  uhm ... 
  if you work or study in europe , you are covered by national health insurances - you pay for it in taxes and it 's `` free '' - no need to sign up with private insurance company , unless you want to . 
  crosses on flag are * passe * . 
  stripes are okay - they just need to change colors a bit - current ones look like some african country . 
  dunno about czech republic , but many people in westernmost regions of poland are buying houses behind the border , as real estate prices are cheaper with comparable commute time , many also set up companies in germany , due to less bureaucracy involved than in poland , and serve both markets . 
  kinda missed the point ... christians , muslims and jews worship the same one god . 
  the differences are only in who was or was n't a prophet and religious dogmas . 
  pierce the ground with aspen stake for good measure . 
  just in case ... 
  in uk ? 
  sure , it had an effect . 
  there were many other countries that does n't have such huge number of polish immigrants where we were in top positions in televoting : austria ( 3rd ) , belarus ( 5th ) , belgium ( 4th ) , macedonia ( 3rd ) , france ( 3rd ) , germany ( 3rd ) , greece ( 5th ) , iceland ( 2nd ) , ireland ( 1st ) , italy ( 3rd ) , lithuania ( 4th ) , norway ( 1st ) , sweden ( 3rd ) , netherlands ( 2nd ) , ukraine ( 1st ) ,, 
  last year we had http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vj920cn2hma , but apparently jury did n't like it ( they prefer their women with beards , i guess ... ) and tanked the score , even if the audiences liked it ( in uk we placed last in jury voting and first in televoting ) , so this year we 're sending bland celine dion copycat in wheelchair ... 
  dunno about uk health service , since everyone i know is visiting doctors for check-ups , dental work etc. 
  while they come back for holidays , but many people in poland are having eye surgeries ( much shorter queues ) and births in czech republic and germany - apparently there 's some eu directive allowing it and polish national health service ( nfz ) is paying for it afterwards . 
  aesthetic surgeries are n't usually covered by national health service insurances , i think . 
  100 years ago poland was absent on europe 's maps . 
  with territory divided between states of germany , russia and austria , each doing whatever they can do uproot polish identity , young poles had to learn their history in secrecy , read smuggled books and gather in conspiracy . 
  at the end of world war i , poland rose again , bruised , tired , but finally free after 123 years of partitioning . 
  there were many problems our country was facing - industry was ravaged , roads were almost non-existent in the middle of country ( it was borders zone for each former occupant - most major cities were n't connected at all ) , railroads were a mess , with two different standards of rail width and so on ... 
  being finally `` free '' , people worked hard to re-build the country and by 1930s , the divides between former partitions were lessening and industry outlook was positive . 
  unfortunately , our neighbors had different plans ... 
  in 1939 we got ambushed by nazi germany , using staged attack on radio station in gliwice as `` casus beli '' , and 17 days later , we got backstabbed by russia who encroached our eastern border with pretense of `` protecting their nationals '' there . 
  hitler announced 1000 years ' reich , communism was supposed to be `` permanent revolution '' according to trotsky ... outlook for my country stuck in the middle was quite negative . 
  events of world war ii should be familiar to most europeans ... let 's fast forward a few years ... 
  in 1945 we got `` liberated '' by uncle stalin - polish peoples ' republic was born ... for over forty years we became a `` colony '' of cccp , with resources like coal and most worthwile produce being sent eastward as `` brotherly help '' . 
  the warsaw pact was created in opposition of nato and if the cold war ever turned hot , we were expected to be turned into radioactive wasteland by nato nukes to prevent soviet armored divisions advance to western europe - politbiuro and moscow generals opinion : `` well , tough shit . '' ...
