  turkey 10 . 
  portugal, 
  you do n't need a big navy if the only sea you 're bordering is smaller than some of lakes around the world . 
  also , barring small ~ ~ k\u00f6nigsberg ~ ~ kaliningrad enclave , entire sea is in control of allied forces . 
  on more serious note , our navy is in hot water ( sorry , i had to . ), 
  recently - over 150mil $ was spent on useless husk of a ship that got eventually scrapped . 
  there are some talks about purchasing some submarines , but since the sea is so small , we 're mostly focusing on ground-to-water ( i think we bought some from norwegians recently ) and air-to-water missiles . 
  our current defensive doctrine assumes the attack will come from east * cough , cough * and most modernization is focused on ground and air superiority . 
  but ... poland has more tanks and afv than greece . 
  polan stronk !, 
  actually , it was goebbels ( propaganda minister ) , not hitler . 
  81 years for females , 72 for males ... 
  i wonder why ... 
   there 'd be a lot of tutting and disapproving eyebrow raises . 
  that 's when you give them one grilled sausage for themselves . 
  should stop annoying noises . 
   people elected him and support him this is vast oversimplification . 
  many countries ' political scene hangs in balance between various `` factions '' with tiny change of votes able to drastically change it 's policies , even if general population opinion remains the same . 
  out of top of my head , usa would be prime example , with `` red '' and `` blue '' states always voting for certain parties , to the point of politicians not even bothering trying to campaign in them - entire country 's representation and policies are defined by relatively small percentage of population living in `` swinger '' states who do n't have clear lead of one party , and where the most focus during election is put in . 
  for closer examples , you can take a look at poland , with two `` camps '' dividing voivodeships into so-called `` poland a '' and `` poland b '' ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/poland_a_and_b ) - dividing line roughly follows borders of old partitions between germany and russia and having pretty radical differences in priorities - two years ago , we were ruled by po party , closely aligned with `` poland a '' values , like pragmatism , pro-eu and so on , within few months po had a few scandals , which coupled with the way immigrant crisis was handled in eu , allowed `` poland b '' , represented by pis to take over - they favor patriotism , social conservatism , eurosceptism ... you ca n't tell me poland 's population changed dramatically within such a short time period , yet the current policy is completely different . 
  another glaring example would be ukraine 's divide between pro-eu west and pro-russia east ( at least that was the case during orange revolution , not so much anymore , thanks to `` little green men '' nowadays ), 
  land is very cheap to begin with - prime ( 1st and 2nd class ) farming land costs around 15k eur and lower grades ( 5-6th ) can be had as cheap as 5k eur per hectare in poland . 
  russia 's is probably even cheaper - you do n't have to ride out to bumfuck nowhere if you want to make a farm - i ca n't imagine many people taking up this offer . 
  that goes without saying - they will be switching places every two terms , in order to not run afoul of ru constitution . 
  at least , unless he either gets enough support to change the constitution or proclaim himself tzar outright . 
  what op is asking for is probably situation of putin leaving the scene for good ( either death or real retirement ) . 
  are those eu guys really that out of touch with reality ? ... 
  i 'm pretty sure illegal working in germany , or even stealing , will pay way more than social benefits for refugees in poland or slovakia are ( 300ish eur/mo in poland 's case ) . 
  you do n't have to border a country to attack it - it 's not swordmen and archers warfare anymore . 
  usa wanted to invoke article 5 after 9/11 and i 'm pretty sure if north korea ever managed to launch something at usa territory , they would get turned into wasteland by combined nato forces within hours , despite none of members bordering it . 
   a hero  a psycho why not both ? 
  `` okazja czyni z\u0142odzieja '' in polish - you really need to trim the number of those funny letters in your alphabet . 
  most countries already have limits like that - romania ones seem very low ( it 's 15k eur for single transaction in poland ) , but it might have to do with corruption out there . 
  what gave it away ? 
  calling iceland `` banana republic '' ? ... 
   you knew well in advance when you voted for the accession . 
  exactly . 
  and there was n't a single line about accepting every poor and unhappy of the world that wants to move in . 
  to be fair , he 's kinda right . 
  estonia is ranked 152th in terms of population - if you look at countries next to it on the list , it 's laughable - swaziland ( ranked 153rd has 3000-strong army , with fucking uzis and ar-18 as weapons of choice ( also no heavy equipment at all , if you do n't count eight 25year old apcs from south africa ) and 154th one is mauritius who does n't have standing army at all ... 
  they focus on land forces , mostly infrantry-based - manpads , urban warfare , you get the idea ... tanks wo n't help much in their terrain anyway . 
  no one expects them to hold off their large neighbor for long , but the way they structured their army should work great for guerilla warfare , until allies come with heavier stuff - poland had similar defensive doctrine for nazi invasion . 
  having just one combat aircraft would be complete waste of money , as it would require some infrastructure to maintain ( pilots , airbases , technicians and so on ... ) - for poland it makes no difference whether we have 200 aircrafts or 205 , five out of them patrolling little baltics ' skies ( as it is the case now ) , and it frees up estionias ' budget to focus on land forces . 
  give them a break . 
  it 's very tiny country - poland has aviation museums that have theoretical air superiority over little eesti , but their entire population is smaller than some of our cities - at least they take their defense seriously and spend the agreed % of gdp on defense , unlike many other countries ... 
   til date rape and martial rape is n't rape ... of course it is rape . 
  way too put words into my mouth . 
  what i want to say is that the kind where woman gets randomly assaulted on street by strangers , like those described in this article , are a rarity , to the point of police having to bring in reinforcement to prevent lynching , after few hundred people chant `` death for death '' in front of court , when a case like this occurs . 
   does `` sexual intercourse without consent '' require physically resistance from the victim ? 
  ( like in germany ) what the actual fuck ?!, 
  by those definition , spiking someone 's drink with ghb ( rape pill ) is n't a rape , nor is threatening someone at knife/gunpoint ... 
  yup . 
  it includes all injuries , like broken bones , etc. 
  rape is a sexual intercourse without consent . 
  what is being difficult here ? 
  oh right , i totally forgot about those cases when man ** literally raped ** a woman by holding a door open for her ... 
   i mean rape does happen a lot in our societies . 
  12000 rapes in france last year . 
  no , it does n't . 
  there were 1800 rapes in poland last year , and it includes all cases , like spousal rape , date rape etc. 
  - over here , you have higher chance of being trampled by cattle ( 1782 incidents last year ) statistically , than getting jumped on in dark street corner and getting raped . 
  well , at least this time , unlike acta , it surfaces towards summer , not in winter , so we wo n't have to stand in -15 c frost , when politicians will need a gentle reminder ... 
  you did n't answer my question ... we currently live in capitalism , so we already have private ownership over means of production . 
  i 'm asking you how do you envision the change ... you 're one of those communist who want to kill capitalist pigs , who do n't give up their property willingly , in forests and bury them in mass graves , or the milder sort , who only wants to send them to re-education camps ? 
   communism is explicitly not totalitarian . 
  how do you propose to abolish private ownership , money and control over means of production without using totalitarian methods ? 
   because they can not be fired and replaced easily , and therefore have more bargaining power than an workers with no special skills . 
  good , you 're beginning to see the light . 
  now , consider this : amazon built huge distribution centre in one of polish cities and started hiring thousands of low-skilled workers in region . 
  immediately , many companies in area started offering raises to their employees , without being prompted and no collective barganing occurred . 
  what causes shitty wages is big unemployment , where the employer is indeed in stronger negotiation position . 
  when there 's shortage of workers , wages rise naturally . 
   also , because of the work labor unions have done establishing a minimum wage , skilled workers have a higher floor from which to start when negotiating their compensation . 
  so workers not directly tied to a union still benefit from the gains made through collective bargaining indirectly . 
  it might be the case in other countries , but in poland , database administrator wo n't get up from bed , if he were to be offered minimum wage - monthly mcjob wage is literally day 's worth of earnings for him , and unions fighting for low-skilled workers did absolutely nothing for him . 
   you have no idea what communism communism is a totalitarian type of government and calling for it is banned under the same paragraph of penal code as fascism , for a good fucking reason - last time they tried to implement it , my country almost got destroyed and we suffer the damages it did to this day . 
  i hate those western commie apologists trying to educate us in the east that that was n't * true * communism , and this time it will be totally different . 
   in that scenario the employer has far more power and is able to exert far more influence on the outcome than the worker . 
  the only way to guarantee a fair outcome is through collective bargaining . 
  ever wondered why there 's no `` database administrators union '' or `` devops ' union '' ? 
  or why high-skilled specialists do n't get paid minimum wage , despite lack of of collective bargaining ? 
   how that works i do n't know ( i suspect idiot tourists and greedy polish tourism industry ) . 
  price gouging is a thing , but main reason is that polish seaside resorts are very seasonal - if you go to krynica morska in winter , it looks literally like a ghost town - they have to earn enough in 4 months to make them last entire year , while in warmer south , one can stay open pretty much entire year , with only price differences between `` peak season '' and `` off-season '' . 
   was n't a major reason why romania was able to do so incredibly well with their anti-corruption agency was because of the influence from the eu and the money that would be received ? 
  pretty much , yes . 
  anti-corruption agency ( dna ) got created with approval of parliament , as it was requirement for granting more eu funds . 
  they voted for it , expecting it to be easily subjugated , like many other powerless bodies , but once given powers , the ( watch ) dog ripped out it 's leash and started jailing people left , right and center - government went into panic mode , trying to limit it 's powers , but at this point , dna already had support of both romania 's population and brussels - they pretty much created a whip they get smacked with , themselves . 
  the only source i managed to find was sputniknews - apparently it 's `` jura '' cable manufacturing company in leskovac city . 
  no reputable news agency covers this story , so i call bullshit ( especially , since we had viral `` workers forced to wear diapers '' story in poland few years ago ourselves , which turned out to be hoax too ), 
   how do polish feel about german troops on their ground by the way ? 
  do they welcome them ? 
  it obviously varies from person to person , but most have absolutely no problem with german troops being stationed as a part of nato force . 
  you see , one might not get the idea by reading news and reddit comments , but vast majority , especially young people are fucking tired of digging up nazis everytime germany is mentioned . 
  that would be interesting change of policy , since up until now , germany completely refused any placement of nato troops in poland , in order `` not to anger russia '' . 
  i wonder what made them change their mind ... 
  so , ultimately , it 's a worthless piece of paper , since it did n't get registered with un ? 
  why russia even bothered signing it ? 
  quick , we need to get north korea on the case - it 's still not too late for them to join , is n't it ? 
  those three combined will shake up the face of current global economy . 
   the budapest memorandum ( which is what i assume you 're referring to ) is certainly not a treaty , which is a common misconception , its actually equivalent to a promise , with no legal binding .
