how would that thing even be legal ? 
  i 'm not familiar with nuances of uk law , but refusing someone entry based on sex alone is illegal in poland 's constitution and i 'm pretty sure such sentiment is mirrored on eu-level . 
  note : i 'm talking from eastern europe perspective here . 
  asia topics are basically non-existent in mainstream media , unless some bigger stuff happens ( malaysia planes , bangladesh factory collapse , hong kong protests are the latest 3 i saw in tv i think ) . 
  for people mentality - current oldest generation ( grandmothers etc. ), 
  has this `` here be dragons '' mentality . 
  younger generation ( parents , 40-50 year olds ) have better knowledge , can actually show few `` most important '' countries , like china , india , japan on map , but mentally they only have this idea of chineese sweatshop or rice growing peasant . 
  my mom was really worried when she learned that malaysia is islamic country , when she heard mosque call to prayer during our skype conversation . 
  i had to spend some time explaining to her that there are no talibans on streets . 
  now the most important thing - actual culture . 
  i was very suprised how at home i felt . 
  there are many thing that make south-asian and eastern-european cultures very close : - all-around hospitality towards guests and even total strangers - big importance of family values - `` doing something out of nothing '' - it 's most likely common to poorer and no-longer-poor nations ( i think south america is similar in this regards ) - if your car breaks down in the middle of road , you do n't call mechanics or have it hauled to workshop - you peek around , maybe tie the loose part with bit of steel wire and drive away . 
  same thing when you 're building a house - you do n't hire plumber , electrican , and special dude to put floor tiles in kitchen - you just get `` construction worker '' and expect him to do all this stuff . 
  male houseowner is expected to do basic maintenance , without calling specialist to change stupid lightbulb . 
  also - corruption :( and `` those traffic laws are not really a law - merely a guidelines '' . 
  here 's a poem written by czes\u0142aw mi\u0142osz , a polish poet , in lw\u00f3w 1939 . 
  it was printed in newspapers , got special stalin award etc. 
  as for the content ( sorry , but i 'm unable to provide english translation ) - if read `` normally '' it 's typical commie propaganda about twilight of religion and triumph of red army under bright guidance of tow . 
  stalin . 
  censors were really happy when they read it , and awarded the poet with stalin award for such moving piece ... 
  the trick is ... if you ignore 1 . 
  4 . numbers and read it as it 's written ( line after line ) , it prophets poles kicking ruskis out of country and stalin going to rot in hell . 
  17th not 19th century , but we kinda got it covered . 
  http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0128378/  in 1648 a cossack rebellion in the ukraine threatens the sovereignty of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth over the cossack nation . 
  the cossack rebellion also known as the khmelnytsky uprising is pitting the cossack nation and its crimean tatar allies against the forces sent by the polish king john ii casimir . 
  polish colonel michal wolodyjowski is leading a squadron of polish cavalry.traitors , assassins and spies are everywhere . 
  against the backdrop of the uprising , a polish knight skrzetuski and a cossack leader bohun fall in love with the same young beautiful woman , helena . 
  their rivalry becomes the symbol of polish-ukrainian struggle . 
  there 's also 1810 one http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0170351/  in the early 1810s , poles , part of russia 's client state of lithuania , think independence will come if they join forces with napoleon when he invades russia . 
  this unity of purpose , in one district , is undermined by two families , feuding since the head of one shot the head of the other twenty years before . 
  there are hopes of a reconciliation through a marriage of pan tadeusz , a soplica , whose father , the murderer , is in hiding somewhere , and zosia , a teen-aged girl , a horeszko who lives in the household of pan 's uncle . 
  other cross-currents - of love , family , politics , village traditions , land reform , and what it means to be polish - give the film texture . 
   can other countries governments have . gov websites ? 
  . gov top-level domain is usa government agencies exclusive . 
  many other countries use second-level domain like . gov.pl, 
  during communist `` occupation '' in poland , there was a saying roughly translatable to `` give me a person , and paragraph will be found '' . 
  allegedly spoken by andriej wyszynski , a public persecutor from stalinist era . 
  oh , how little have changed in russia . 
  put ( t ) in ( g ) economy aside , there 's big shift of attitude towards russia in poland . 
  we had difficult past with both russia and germany , but youngest generation put it aside and wanted to have good relationship with them . 
  people learned german/russian not because they had to , but because they wanted to . 
  relationships with germany are better than ever in 1000 year history and keep improving , as bitter people from oldest generations die out due to age , and effort from youngest generation on both sides is showing . 
  before georgia incidents we had more beef with lithuanians ( polish minority there is really discriminated against ) and ukrainians ( unresolved upa mass murders , increased nationalistic attitudes on both sides ) than with russia . 
  russia ( and russians ) was seen as kinda politically-incorrect , a bit crazy , redneck uncle , but you did n't mind his jokes and enjoyed sharing a beer with him , while visiting on thanksgiving day . 
  nowadays ... everyone here tries to cut all ties with russia , businessmen scatter to find different countries to export to , and do n't want to invest anything there , even if their self-imposed `` sanctions '' get lifted . 
  soviet-era leftover monuments are getting vandalized and petitions for their removal are signed . 
  some restaurants are putting `` we do n't service russians '' signs . 
  many companies are dropping kaspersky av subsciptions in favour of non-russian made solutions , every newspaper article online about increased price of food , plunging ruble etc. 
  has 100s of `` keep crashin ! '', 
  `` serves them well . '', 
  `` they totally deserve it '' comments ... 
  sad , kinda sad . 
  the only thing you 'll see on internal borders of schengen treaty countries are roadsigns `` welcome to country_name '' - there is no-one there to check anything . 
  of course . 
  that 's actually what remote villages , that are n't connected to gas grid are doing . 
  after small modification you can connect bottle to ordinary kitchen stove - just switch the bottle every few months ( depends on usage ) . 
  many modern flats do n't use gas at all , in favor of electrical stoves . 
  personally i 'm planning to drop mine , since about 2/3 of my gas bill is not the actual usage itself , but various maintenance and transit monthly fees . 
  it 's pretty much the same situation as in poland and belarus here . 
  greece should stop being whiny bitch and try to think . 
  quite a few of our farmers are exporting fruits/vegetables/meat to belarus , where it gets stamped as belarusian produce and imported to russia without problem . 
  middle-man takes a cut , but since it 's end-users who are paying increased price anyway , we do n't give a fuck . 
  ( there 's lack of data on scale of that proceder , but export from belarus to russia last month rose 1,6 times for susages and diary almost doubled ... ), 
  poland does n't use gas for electricity - we have huge deposits of coal which is used in our power plants instead . 
  atom is long-term solution to safeguard our nation 's increase of demand for electricity . 
  gas is mostly used for cooking , industry ( fertilizers etc. 
  ) , and heating in suburban areas there 's big push for gaining more independence from russia 's gas and oil , ever since it became obvious that they are using it as a means of political pressure - we increased our storage tanks - we can last for 2-3 months on that reserves alone , even if 100 % of supply from russia were cut . 
  there have been some investment made to pipe infrastructure to make pipes `` two-way lanes '' that can transfer gas from west ( germany ) to us , in similar fashion as we are transfering gas to ukraine now . 
  finally , construction of lng ( compressed , liquid gas transported by tanker ships ) gasport in \u015awinouj\u015bcie is almost finished , which will let us import from countries like quatar . 
  there 's debate going on in poland now - four major energy sector companies signed an agreement and are starting building first commecrial nuclear plant in poland . 
  many people , including `` not in my back yard '' rednecks , russian shills and various pro-ecology organisations are protesting it . 
  pretty much the same situation as with shale gas . 
  '' * which roughly translates to * `` old highlander once have said , poland will span untill ural . 
  behind ural there 'll be china . 
  you 'll be gone , motherfuckers '' * ( sorry , i ca n't really rhyme it as in original version . ), 
  borders themselves - unlikely . 
  our south-eastern border is basically huge plains and forests area . 
  as soon as they reach some town , they will be picked up very quickly . 
  darker-skinned people really do stand out here . 
  few weeks ago , some vacationers from i think spain got questioned on train by border police , after anonymous tip from fellow passenger that they might be illegal migrants ... 
  we used to have similar problem ( obviously on lesser scale ) with chechen refugees trying to impose sharia law on georgians and ukrainians in camps . 
  eventually , someone got pissed off and made hidden cam video , showing them demanding women to `` cover up '' ( we had really hot summer this year ) , which prodded media into frenzy . 
  i think some local football hooligans took it on themselves to `` explain '' to new arrivals that this is europe and women need to be respected , but i have n't been following the case too closely . 
  ** tl ; dr : new laws got passed in poland , banning sales of various `` unhealthly '' food on school grounds . 
  predictably , students leave schools during recess to buy chips etc. 
  in nearby stores , while some turn profit by buying bagels in bulk and re-sell them to fellow students . 
  ** * ( title editorialized for clarity . 
  original title was `` kolach black market blooms in schools '' ) * full article translation : new law cleared school stores from unhealthy foods . 
  now veronica goes for buns to food store located next to the school , and charles buys from a colleague who before school supplies in a bakery , and then semi-legally sells in the corridor . 
  during the long break in lublin v lo it is almost empty . 
  some students still benefit from nice weather and go out . 
  the others stand in queues in the local shops . 
  - most people come near the 12 , when they have a 20 minute break . 
  sometimes queue end up on the stairs . 
  at the beginning i wondered why there 's such a turnover , then i found out about this law about school shops - says anna from the bakery on maria curie-sklodowska street , which is located right next to the school . 
  students are buying mainly donuts , danishes and coke , which is what the shops are no longer selling . 
  in the picture - the school shop 's offer in ii lo in lublin according to the minister of health from 1 september 2015 year , schools have to sell only healthy food . 
  without salt , sugar , white bread . 
  the list of `` banned '' products is long . 
  during the breaks on shopping - i agree with that chips should not be in the shops , but who had problems with cereal bars ?
