  the same population group is also the most anti-russia ( with another dozen conspiracy theories , like `` artificial fog '' causing smolensk air crash ) and they both decry russia for authoritarianism , expansionism , censorship while advocating for similar policies themselves ... 
   every time i see this i want to ask `` so what '' ? 
  not sure if there are any write-ups about it in english , but there 's this concept of `` civilization of death '' first introduced by the pope , nowadays followed by various religious extremists in poland . 
  cba 'd to write about it in full detail , but the gist of it , is that europe turned away from it 's christianity roots and push a `` package '' of agendas ( gay marriage , euthanasia , birth control , divorce ) that aims to uproot our society and we need to fight it back , as last defenders of faith . 
  it 's kind of `` conspiracy theory meets religious fanatism '' but their proponents are surprisingly vocal . 
  / pol / is leaking again . 
  eu as a whole , various european countries , canada and japan . 
  who ( which itself is funded mainly by west ) and few smaller un bodies . 
  if they want to absolutely cut ties from countries that do n't have open borders policy , they are pretty much left only with canadian contribution of 9,5 m eur - 10 % of their current level of funding . 
  ^ this . 
  people over here do n't give a fuck about political stance of countries they visit ( heck , north korea has been relatively popular `` hipster '' destination recently - 3 or 4 travel agencies have it in offer ) , but they expect absolute safety in return , without some maniac blowing himself up or going on poolside shooting spree - egypt , tunisia and turkey were very popular `` budget '' destinations , with hundreds of thousands visitors every year . 
  nowadays they pretty much disappeared from agencies promo materials , in favor of spain , portugal , greece and bulgaria . 
  if i were running a hospital and someone gave me $ 63m/year , i 'd take that money even if he was literally hitler , and use the funds to treat the poor , not play politician and virtue signal . 
  good for you msf , maybe you do n't need those money after all - i 'm sure we will be able to find some other ngo who will make good use of them ... 
  not the first time . 
  they used photo of 303 squadron aircraft on one of previous posters . 
  oh , right . 
  wykop.pl had a field day with that news piece . 
  ( for foreigners - `` onion '' ( `` cebula '' ) in polish modern/internet slang is synonym of cheapness/avarice ), 
   the quality of food in poland directly reflects its price - poles manage to produce non-vegetarian ham without any meat . 
  there 's that old saying - `` you get what you pay for . '' . 
  farmer in poland gets around 1,5 eur for 1kg of live pig . 
  i 'd be highly skeptical of any meat or meat product ( sausages etc. ), 
  that costs less than 4-5eur / kg - even if source meat was n't barking not long ago , it 's probably so full of chemicals that it 's technically no longer considered `` meat '' by industry standards . 
  buy few slices of 2eur/kg `` tesco value '' ham and few slices of 20eur/kg brand-name ham . 
  taste the difference and start writing to shop owners why they keep ordering c-grade stuff only . 
  two years ago , norwegian customs caught polish citizen trying to smuggle 800kg of ... onion [ [ 1 ] ] ( http://wiadomosci.onet.pl/swiat/polacy-przemycali-do-norwegii-800-kg-cebuli/xxcrn ), 
   they can however demand for the application of another law . 
  i do n't even ... 
  in some countries 9 year old girl can get married . 
  do you seriously advocate to allow them to apply that law on european soil ? 
  there should be only one law that applies in germany - german law . 
   the thing is that there is still a drastic overestimation of the account of muslims in poland - and one can wonder where those ideas come from . 
  as usual , many things are overlapping to cause end effect . 
  first comes personal experience - people in larger towns see kebab booths everywhere ( it 's staple street food over here , much more popular than for example hamburgers ) - many are ran by people from middle east , students meet people living here on erasmus exchange program , poles get married with spouses they met when traveling aboard ... now , if someone has for example 100 friends , and knows 1 muslim family of 4 people , he might answer 4 % in such poll , since that number is true for people he knows - not taking account huge percentage of population living in rural areas , where muslims are nowhere to be seen ... then you have media propaganda ... current party won elections under `` poland in ruin '' slogan - their narrative was that poland is crumbling and only them can fix it ( when i saw that , i was like `` wtf ? 
  do you even go outside ? ... '' ), 
  - actual facts and numbers ( we 're one of best performing markets in eu every year ) simply do n't matter , when there are votes to be gained - people are drumming up anti-immigration rhetoric in order to gain political capital - `` immigration news '' about rapes , shootings , bombs get plastered all over the place , with `` we will be next , unless we elect strong leader '' undertone ... you do n't have to look far to see how it works - casual browsing of / r/europe itself could give you impression that we 're currently under civil war , if not outright invasion ... 
   yet the average pole will likely never meet one in their own country . 
  it 's simple - `` our '' muslims are poles first and muslims second . 
  tatars have been living here for centuries , fought in our uprisings , learn the language and respect european values ( there was big shitstorm when students from saudi arabia demanded that women wear burqas inside mosques - they got told to gtfo and build their own mosque if they want that ) - you get the idea ... on the other hand , `` western '' muslims , as depicted by media , are muslims first and french second ( if ever - many do n't even consider themselves `` french '' but for example algerian ) with stuff like `` sharia4belgium '' , complaining about non-halal meat being sold in supermarket , women wearing swimsuits , or serving alcohol ( to non-muslims ) during ramadan ... 
  if that 's the kind of news that are reaching you , you ca n't blame people for not wanting slice of that pie ... 
   i do n't think the few middle easterns who tend to run their kebab shops have had a significant amount of racism against them , physical violence is very rare . 
  pretty much this . 
  there was a photo that made rounds over polish internet , with protesters of huge `` stop immigration '' rally queuing in front of kebab booth as soon as march ended . 
  who needs bags of wheat , when we can export ** freedom ** all over the world . 
  do n't worry . 
  every country has stupid designs like those from time to time ( [ grudzi\u0105dz , poland ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6phwzwg.jpg ) , other countries started showing theirs in this thread too ) - no need to feel bad about it . 
   the plant is literally next to lithuania 's border . 
  ~ ~ it is also literally next to poland 's border . 
  brodno is 20km away from poland and 30km away from lithuania . ~ ~ ( edit : scratch that . 
  i thought it 's built somewhere on brodno outskirts , not in northernmost region of brodno oblast ) as for links , yea , those will need to be built , but currently most power plants in poland are located in the south ( since that 's where coal is being mined ) , then energy has to be transported to northern regions ( there 's decent amount of wind turbines on the coast , but it 's not too reliable source ) which incurs losses too - people smarter than me must 've done the math that buying energy from belarus , rather than creating it ourselves ( transportation costs to northern voivodeships , buying green certificates ) is more profitable . 
   baltic states seem to be the only viable clientele . 
  uhm , there 's one more potential client that happens to be even closer to power plant location than baltics and is currently negotiating possible long-term contract with belarus , since our own plant looks like it 's ages away from being completed ... 
  there was similar promo on euro 2012 and i remember reading article with calculations of how much it 'd cost the retailer . 
  do n't think it 'll be much different this time . 
  yearly sales of tvs in poland hover around 2,5 mln and media saturn holding ( they own media markt and saturn chains ) has large slice of that pie . 
  that 's actually a good thing - sign of stable and mature capital market . 
  if you want 10 % on your deposits , there are plenty of banks in asia and africa that offer those - just do n't come back crying when bank goes under and you lose your money . 
  media markt - largest ( ? ), 
  electronics retailer chain , has a promo like that - if poland gets to quaterfinals , all tvs bought in may get a refund . 
  kinda shows how little faith they have in our representation , as it 's literally hundreds of millions on the line ... 
  all easternmost voivodeships are way behind - hover around 46-48 % . 
  invest plz . 
  one of our voivodeships ( largest administrative division . 
  we have 16 of them ) got kicked out from cohesion aid already ( due to having above 100 % gdp per capita eu28 average ( mazowieckie - 108 % ) ) , second one is in `` transition period '' ( over 75 % of eu28 average ( dolno\u015bl\u0105skie - 76 % ) ) and third one ( wielkopolskie ) almost made it ( 73 % ) . 
  op is using 2006-2014 eurostat 's data for net contribution . 
  you linked 2007-2013 eu budget . 
  apples and oranges . 
   thats easy - yes you can build new roads but only germany or france have the equipment and `` know how '' worthy of eu standards to be fair , it 's kind of win-win scenario that somehow manages to defy entropy . 
  money goes in circle , but we end up with good quality roads as well . 
  `` good change '' , my ass . 
   because they prevent russia potentially responding to a nuclear strike this `` missile shield '' wo n't do shit against [ mirvs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/multiple_independently_targetable_reentry_vehicle ) that russia has - it 's designed to protect from simple single-head ballistic missiles , the kind that `` rogue states '' , like isis or iran could possibly get hands on . 
  also , if it gets hot and missiles between russia and nato start flying , i imagine little poland or romania are pretty far down on target priority list ... 
  well , by strict definition of `` developing '' , there are n't many left in europe to choose from - i think only moldova , kosovo and maybe albania would qualify . 
  in broader terms , one could include countries `` in transition '' - former warsaw pact and balkans , as well as portugal and greece , if one considers `` poor '' countries as well . 
  out of such shortlist , personally , i 'd pick either romania or portugal , but the difference from poland is n't big enough to warrant such move for me . 
  fun fact : first plans to introduce 500pln note were discussed back in 1994 - it was supposed to feature king jadwiga ( http://i.imgur.com/nllfuhy.jpg ) . 
  eventually , they decided to not introduce it , as it was rather unnecessary - there were much less money in circulation back then , and one such note would equal two months ' minimum wage - it 'd be pretty demoralizing ... 
   it 's a christian school . 
  they believe the bible . 
  and people are shocked that they 're being taught the bible ? 
  it 's baptist christian school . 
  basically usa exports their crazies from bible belt south all over the world . 
  catholicism does n't negate the evolution . 
  if one is curious , here 's what previous pope wrote on that matter :  we can not say : creation or evolution , inasmuch as these two things respond to two different realities . 
  the story of the dust of the earth and the breath of god , which we just heard , does not in fact explain how human persons come to be but rather what they are . 
  it explains their inmost origin and casts light on the project that they are . 
  and , vice versa , the theory of evolution seeks to understand and describe biological developments . 
  but in so doing it can not explain where the ` project ' of human persons comes from , nor their inner origin , nor their particular nature . 
  to that extent we are faced here with two complementary -- rather than mutually exclusive -- realities . 
  oh , we do . 
  poland accepted 6715 ( out of 8772 requests ) people from those areas as refugees . 
  we also have over half of million immigrant workers from ukraine as a whole , but apparently only `` brown '' people count for eu ... 
   hmm why ? 
  do n't forget that ukraine is not in eu . 
  ukrainian has really easy time getting a polish working visa , even for low-skilled jobs , let alone it . 
   since the election pis has replaced 13/14 bosses of largest state-owned companies with their own cronies . 
  executives of the national broadcaster have also been beheaded . 
  as much as it pains myself to admit it , it 's been always the case . 
  everytime elections are won , heads of state-owned companies get replaced as a kind of `` spoils of war '' - eight years ago , when po+psl coalition took over , it was no different .
