  polish cultural center got defaced with graffiti . 
  there 's also polish embassy statement : http://www.londyn.msz.gov.pl/en/news/polish_embassy_statement_2706 it 's not only `` twitter outrage '' . 
  right . 
  stick it to the man !, 
  no matter than weakening pound wiped out more money from british economy in one day than their entire contribution to eu budget in 30 years . 
  at least you showed them . 
  we call it `` to frostbite one 's ears to spite the aunt '' over here . 
  live stream behind the paywall . 
  greek debt crisis solved . 
  everyone knows that farmers go on strike only during winter , when there 's no fieldwork to do . 
  they should be busy with harvest now . 
  it depends on where you live - he prefers forests and bushes , so if you 're in the middle of large town , they can be hard to spot outside of parks . 
  he lives in pretty much entire europe , minus iceland , russia and some parts of belarus . 
  to be fair , when sld ( left-wing ) was in charge , they publicly said they support the project in opposite direction - nothing ever came out of it either . 
  abortion is one of those topics `` being discussed '' everytime there 's new government , but nothing ever changes . 
  portugal and bulgaria are included on map , and they each have < 200 . 
  it was n't government , but a fringe `` pro-life '' ngos who started collecting signatures for proposal . 
  they did n't manage to gather required number ( for kind of obvious reasons - current laws are a reasonable compromise between both sides ) and the project died natural death . 
  of course , that did n't stop countless media covering this proposal , since `` outrage sells '' ... 
  nothing new that we already did n't know , but it 's nice to see it outlined in single document . 
  also , uk is supposed to have presidency in council in 2017 , meaning they are supposed to preside over meetings regarding ec negotiations with leaving member , while at the same time they are not allowed to attend ec meetings regarding negotiations with leaving member . 
  now , it will be interesting how eu will sort that one out ... 
   the solution for this i think would be an artificial language that is language that is well thought out and optimized for the human mind . 
  ( like the metric system instead of the imperial system ) . 
  exactly . 
  and it makes this comparison even more hilarious . 
  ( to be honest , that voting was quite complicated process - there were so many small parties registered , making use of newly-acquired freedom , that the voting `` cards '' were effectively small booklets ), 
   if he 's wrong , i 'm going to rub it in his face . 
  and what if he 's right ? ... 
  pick your next words carefully ... we already have one dude on frontpage who ate a sock . 
  i have n't seen such reactions of voters , who did n't had an idea that their votes actually matter , ever since we somehow managed to get 16 representatives of [ polish beer-lovers ' party ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/polish_beer-lovers%27_party ) into parliament during our first post-communist elections . 
   they do have a say , same say as everyone else . 
  and why should they ? 
  if you get approached by two thugs in dark alley and they ask you to part with your wallet , you find such behavior justified ? 
  they effectively outvoted you 2:1 ...  it 's elitist attitudes like yours that have brought this mess , by dismissing the concerns of those that have lost out at the bottom of society as not worth listening too . 
  do n't give me that crap . 
  when i was born , my parents were earning equivalent of $ 30/month each . 
  they worked really hard , even taking two full-time jobs each when economy collapsed following berlin wall fall , to get us where we are now . 
  when i overhear someone boasting that only suckers work at supermarket , since he 's getting equivalent of double monthly wages ' of benefits , i legitimately feel like punching someone . 
  to have someone like that having equal say on what large portion of my hard-earned money goes to , as myself is gross injustice , to put it mildly . 
  as opposed to rich people having no say on what populist idea of the month their taxes get spent on ? 
  also , i explicitly clarified that poor people should get the same voting power as rich ones , provided they contribute to society even minimum amount - read the comment chain below . 
  sure , just remember it takes two to dance . 
  just like you 're not obligated to initiate article 50 immediately , eu is n't obligated to negotiate with you once you invoke it at all - if that 's the case , all agreements will lapse after two years . 
  not to mention that any kind of extension of that two-year window ( and i really doubt two years will be enough to unentangle 43 years of previous legal process ) requires unanimous agreement of 27 other members . 
   you do n't get a choice in the matter . 
  you 're right , we do n't . 
  now , the more important question is ... whom prolonged period of status quo will hurt more ? 
  uk or eu ? 
  even putting matter of expending eu 's goodwill , by behaving like jealous ex-gf , every passing week of uncertainty on markets will hurt uk way more than eu ( over last night , gbpusd fell 9 % while gbpeur 6 % ) , political crisis ( both tories and labor might change leaders ) , possible credit rating downgrades ( s&p already kind of hinted at it ) and looming north ireland and scotland referendums , getting it all over quickly would be of great benefit to uk - you said `` a '' , now say `` b '' - do n't act like spoiled children ... 
  edrogan announced yesterday that they will make their own referendum ~ ~ with blackjack and hookers ~ ~ to decide whether turkey should drop eu bid entirely . 
  `` university professor '' is just a figure of speech . 
  policies should be decided on matter of merit , not depending on which populist screams the loudest and grabs the largest mob to follow him . 
  spain threat was mostly due to dangerous precedent it 'd set regarding possible catalonia 's quick path back to eu benefits , that scotland would get after seceding from uk in referendum two years ago . 
  current situation is completely different , and i do n't think they 'd see it as much of a threat . 
  i 'm not an expert on spanish politics obviously , so feel free to correct me . 
  it 's okay , plenty of greeks keep visiting even after last year 's `` pay denbts '' shitposting . 
  brits will get used to it eventually as well . 
   if the people want something they should get it . 
  protip : government ca n't `` give '' anything , since most of the time , it does n't `` own '' anything - if you like at most countries ' budgets , lion share of governments funding comes from taxes - ie . 
  to `` give '' something to someone , it needs to be `` taken '' from someone first . 
  personally , i believe that this brexit vote will serve as a wake-up call for both eu politicians themselves ( eu needs to take a long look at itself and decide what it wants to be ) and potential voters for populist parties as well . 
   so one is a parasite and a `` welfare queen '' if he 's unemployed ? 
  i believe that there 's difference between someone who 's been unemployed for few months , due to illness or market downturn and actively seeks employment , and someone who never worked a day in his life , spawning kids every year , like a clockwork , since he turned 16 and living completely off benefits . 
   goes towards excluding even more the already excluded there 's a very simple way to become `` included '' again - get a job , or actively start looking for one , go back to school/vocational course ... you get the idea . 
  in poland unemployment is twice as high as in uk , yet every second shop has flyer about looking for workers - sure , pay is n't great , and it 's definitely not a dream job , but at least it 's something to get started with . 
  you have no idea how many supermarket workers quit their jobs over here , after government passed a bill that gives parents free money for every child ...  means the end of democracy if put in place . 
  why ? 
  universal suffrage is relatively new invention . 
  for centuries voting was limited by some criteria , like land ownership or social status ... 
   fun fact , in times of tension they get forward deployed to the indian border under local control as a check for indian conventional superiority . 
  that 's one of most retarded military doctrine i heard about . 
  ballistic missile can fly over from northernmost region of pakistan to southernmost in less than 4 minutes . 
  there 's absolutely no advantage that putting nukes on front-line would give . 
  it 's not eu-only subreddit - we have quite a few countries that are n't in eu over here . 
  you might want to leave / r/yurop tho ... 
   some tramps have a better understanding of the realities of the world than many sociology professors . 
  of course . 
  heck , i even met some tramps who were professors ( before alcohol/drugs/debts / divorce happened ) . 
   presumable what you want it to give rich people more votes than poor people . 
  meaning more votes for ceos and hedgefund managers than university professors and homeless dudes . 
  that would fuck up the system in opposite direction ( just look at usa and their `` campaign contributions '' ) - i believe i 've grown up out of my teenage fascination of libertarianism phase . 
  personally , i 'd tie voting ability ( with no `` multiple votes '' per person ) to something simple and easily quantifiable , like for example paying taxes or not using some kinds of welfare assistance - this way everyone working honest job , no matter if it 's hedge fund manager or mcburger flipper have a saying in how society they contribute to is being ran , equally ( everyone meeting criteria gets 1 vote ) , and if welfare queens and other parasites want to participate in political process too , all they have to do is get up from their asses and find honest work . 
  basically , during last elections , conservatives ( `` tories '' ) tried to entice some ukip ( eurosceptic , anti-immigration party ) voters and promised to organize brexit referendum - pretty much a pork barrel , they thought that no way in hell `` leave '' vote will win . 
  once less-favorable polling results started pouring in , cameron went into panic mode , heavily backing `` remain '' vote , so that referendum he proposed himself wo n't pass . 
  tl ; dr : political play went horribly wrong . 
   a factor that was blissfully absent from the failing su , as far as i 'm aware . 
  su had it 's own share of die-hard communists , many in high-ranking military positions , who legitimately believed that `` west '' is essence of evil and needs to be eradicated , and those who survive nuclear exchange will be able to live peacefully in communist utopia . 
  sounds familiar ? ... 
  luckily the cool heads prevailed - for example during cuban missile crisis soviet b-59 submarine almost launched torpedo with nuclear warhead on blockading american fleet - both captain ( valentin savitsky ) and political commissar ( ivan maslennikov ) ordered launch , with only 2nd commander ( vasili arkhipov ) refusing to authorize launch ( procedure required unanimous decision of all three ) . 
  i really want to believe that if islamists ever get their hands on nuclear bombs , some saner head will have second thoughts and do n't detonate it ... 
  it did n't happen with cccp going down the drain , which could result in number between one and 39.000 nukes ending up in completely wrong hands , and it probably wo n't happen now . 
  you probably have higher chance dying in car crash tomorrow - you should be more afraid of that . 
  i kind of get what you 're coming from , with all humans being equal in theory etc. . . 
  i lived thru one such phase of government giving out freebies to everyone , which later took us 40 years to pay off debt resulting from it . 
  `` the people '' will always vote for more `` bread and circus '' , and they do n't seem to care that someone has to pay for it either immediately ( people who actually work and contribute to society and pay taxes ) or somewhere down the line ( national debt ) . 
  if you really think experts have higher chance to fuck up completely , then why are companies employing ceos with six-digit salaries , while they could grab people off the streets and have them run companies with hot meals as a payment ? ... 
  personally , i find solace in fact that if they ever start launching them , they will fly most likely towards india , and both countries combined do n't have stockpile large enough to cause nuclear winter ... 
  yes , `` says poland '' . 
  we 're one of free trade zone members and change like that will require ratification of treaties , giving us veto power .
