  it appears to me that you take some things for granted ... to illustrate how stupid your remark about laws enacted by oppresive regimes having to be followed at all costs , imagine being a jew in nazi germany - would you go to closest gestapo station to `` register '' yourself , as the law mandated , or would you try to escape the country or hide somewhere , in order to survive ? ... 
   lol youre an idiot , noone died trying to `` escape '' yugoslavia . 
  and in the mid 60s everione got pasports , you didnt even have to way for one or for school trips to get group pasports . 
  anyone could have a pasport an leave at any rime . 
  yugoslavia was a neutral country , while we 're talking about ussr and warsaw pact countries , where people were denied passports and many did die trying to escape west , which started this comment chain . 
  good we 're finally getting somewhere ... now , has it ever occurred to you , that law that is common to north korea , uzbekistan and cuba only , might not be something that other countries should aspire to ? ... 
  also , how old are you ? 
  did you actually live under socialism , or only read about it ? 
  people were dying to escape to west , not the other way around - officials were refusing to issue passports to all , but most loyal citizens - leaving only `` illegal '' routes out . 
  berlin wall was built to keep people in , not foreigners out . 
  i remember when our propaganda minister sent 200 sleeping bags for new york homeless ( there were officially no homeless people under glorious socialism , remember ) , for next few days , there appeared graffiti on walls and classfield ads postings `` will trade 2br flat in warsaw for sleeping bag in new york '' ... 
   and many countries still require such documentation . 
  to my knowledge , the only countries that use those nowadays are either such shitholes that need to keep people forcefully in ( north korea , uzbekistan ... ) , or some gulf states , that use it for foreign workers , turning them effectively into slaves , under `` kafala '' system . 
  feel free to correct me if i 'm wrong . 
   how do other countries do that ? 
  we used duty stamps too , up until like decade ago . 
  nowadays you just get account number to make payment to and attach payment receipt to whatever documents you are filling . 
  i have yet to meet one who would be discouraged by this . 
  also , there is both large abortion underground locally , as well as legal options 1 hour flight in almost every direction . 
  actual reason is quality health care with easy access to birth control combined with poor infrastructure to support young moms ( kindergartens etc ) and how mind numbingly expensive having kid is over here . 
  mirroring soft-paywalled articles is universally accepted practice over here , even a requirement on some subreddits . 
  euro has certain criteria and 2 years grace period to join . 
  pegged pound would work the best in meantime . 
   do you remember that at one point they were giving free tvs , laptops , cameras for signing a contract ? 
  not anymore . 
  they still do in poland , since market is less saturated . 
  signing up with orange for 3 years gives you 1000 pln voucher to be spent in electronic retailer store . 
   vodafone paid 1.4 billion for 17 years and has 5 million subscribers . 
  over here all five blocks for 4g got sold out without problems , netting 9,5 bil pln ( opening bid price was 250mln per block ), 
  there were no legal obligations to upgrade from dial-up either , yet nowadays companies all over my city are replacing copper cables with fiber , which costs insane amount of money , since those that sell 600 mbit packages are doing better than those who can offer 50 - 100 mbit only . 
  if some companies refuse to pursue 5g , some others will fill the niche . 
  long live the free market . 
  that would be interesting subject of sociological research . 
  in eve - online they did something similar , and there are clear patterns collating player 's cultural region to factions picked . 
  it 's definitely doable - just take a look at eu roaming charges . 
  putting net neutrality as requirement for granting 5g radio frequency should do the trick - telecoms are so squished together over here , that sooner or later the cartel opposing it will break down , with first telekom seeking to gain advantage over competition . 
  do you want eu-funded , continent-wide 5g mobile network ? 
  because that 's how you get eu-funded , continent-wide 5g mobile network . 
  polish original three first telecoms charged insane price for calls and absolutely refused to lower it . 
  our regulators essentially made them pay for creation of fourth telecom infrastructure ( via special , higher calls termination fees ) , various pro-competition measures , and put mandatory 512kbps free internet access for every citizen as part of 4g frequency call for offers . 
  eu is n't germany only , especially in this case , when proposed deal requires unanimous vote . 
  you can bet that many countries would veto having their interests getting essentially sold out for well-being of germany banks . 
   , the air force is quite under equipped that 's quite an understatement . 
  we have universities that have theoretical air superiority over latvia , thanks to one or two old mig-21 jets stashed away on parkings as decoration , remnants of times when they were military academies . 
  your `` air force '' is four transport helicopters ... that being said , latvia building entire infrastructure to support theoretical three to five aircraft it could reasonably support , would be a complete waste of money - more bang for a buck by letting allies patrol the skies ( if you have infrastructure for 50 planes , you can increase it to 55 with no large overhead ) and focus on stuff like urban warfare and personal anti-tank equipment , more suitable for potential situations baltics might find themselves in . 
  it 's just one of many weeklies , not even well selling one . 
  one should be worried about state of usa judging by content of fox news the same way . 
  pluralism of media in action . 
  we have like dozen or so political weeklies , representing entire spectrum of views . 
  it just happens that one of them , leaning right-wing has pretty good graphic designers and use tabloid - like headlines , so their covers end up being featured over here quite often , compared to other ones . 
  it 's really `` meh '' then . 
  over here every new company , not only it ones , have social security reduced to something silly , like 50eur/month for first two years , not to mention various `` incubators '' operating in almost every university and larger town 's technological parks , which allow you to use their conference rooms , business adresses , help with accounting ... . 
  if that 's the best austria has to offer ... 
  come to poland . 
  it 's closer . 
  few years ago , one of our isp contract included a clause with automatic renewal - after consumer protection body went after their asses , they had to drop it , and since every change of contract needs consent of both parties , everyone locked into 1 - 3 year contracts could annul it without penalties . 
  after competing isps ran big ad campaign , with leaflets `` reminding '' about this possibility and offering sick deals for people who switch , they ended up losing large % of market share - no one tried to pull stuff like that since then . 
  overall , our services are highly digitalized - many things regarding government , like taxes , declarations , etc. 
  can be made online , using `` qualified signature '' and digital printouts of documents have the same `` strength '' as old , paper ones . 
  in small villages , old clerks are bit suspicious of it ( i have small dacha in one such village , and 55 + yo lady absolutely did n't want to accept digital format of building completion notification , but i do everything regarding my house located in medium-size town digitally . 
  they even encourage it , as it means less work for them , typing in info into computer systems ) . 
  they are talking about public , over the air , digital tv . 
  it has only like 20 channels . 
  we have many competing cable networks , but no one 's goa lay 30 or so kilometers of cable to provide service to single household in bumfuck , nowhere . 
  that being said , satellite tv is really popular in those low income demographics for some reason - easiest way to spot communal houses is when there 's sat antena on every window in block , so what the comments above are saying is n't nesscesary true . 
  it 's kind of mini-cold war between them and turkey - there are some disputes regarding ownership of some islands and territorial waters - generals on both sides really like to wave their dicks , with jet flybys and interceptions - it 's been going on for decades , but luckily no serious casualties . 
   also minor things like a ukrainian student visiting death camp and uploading this on his facebook or a group of ukrainian students in przemy\u015bl posing in the parking lot add up . 
  to be fair , we have like milion ukrainians over here . 
  three or four incidents that got quickly dealt with is pretty good number . 
  also , as for bandera - ask lithuanians what they think about our arma krajowa ... 
  few days ago , i saw some commotion in front of rada in kyiv from my hotel , and decided to investigate a bit ( all guides advise against coming close to any political gatherings , but i do n't believe they will use snipers anytime soon , considering how it ended last time ... ) . 
  some activists laid down hundreds of mugs in front of building . 
  i thought they are protesting quality of water , which in kyiv is simply abhorrent , but after asking one of activists , the reason is much more mundane - those were prison mugs , and the youth was asking every member of parliament to pick up one and head directly to prison due to corruption . 
  such funny little happening ... 
  anyway , i really like how passionate young ukrainians are about reforming the country , and as soon as old fats die down , they may follow poland 's path into western structures and improved quality of life . 
  szymany airport , but they recently turned it from military to civilian one . 
  exactly . 
  i see kaliningrad border on clear weather days from taller buildings in my town , but people are n't worried about russian invasion in the least . 
  any attempted occupation by ru forces over here would end in a meat grinder that would make american afghan war looks like scout camp in comparison ... even putting potential losses aside , russia simply has no business over here . 
  as long as we do n't have little green men wandering across the border , russia can put whatever they want on their ( or it 's vassals ) territory . 
  if shit ever hits the fan , location of those launchers will turn into smoldering crater within minutes anyway . 
  it 's a term for low-educated primitives who like to resort to violence . 
  think `` caveman '' or `` trogolodyte '' - someone who seemingly reversed in evolution , compared to homo sapiens . 
  not our fault that usa 's branch tries to appropriate the term to represent certain demographics over there , while at the same time , it 's usually stereotypical racists themselves who fit the description . 
  irish were rocking it at previous euro in poland & ukraine too . 
  they really endeared polish people with their positive attitude ( our media called it `` contagious '' ) and many funny antics ( like that group who sang `` we love you '' to hot policewoman ) . 
  looks like it . 
  the circle of ~ ~ life ~ ~ car theft must continue, 
  90s were literally wild west over here , with dysfunctional police force ( thanks to anti-communist purges ) , organized gangs on the rise ( often created by former secret service people ) , poverty and low wages due to hyperinflation , political instability , and many other factors . 
  by late 90s , most of those problems already have been fixed , but as they say - you can only make first impression once . 
  if it makes you feel any better , nowadays , it 's poles who have their cars stolen , by gangs further east - ukraine , russia , belarus , romania and bulgaria . 
  `` blood on the floor '' part comes from social media reports , who , as you sure know it , likes to exaggerate . 
  looks like old chap had weak heart , some knuckledraggers entered his store and started shouting abuse at him , causing him to get cardiac arrest . 
  * `` in romania things are not all right , but at least they are not far-right . 
  '' * banter . 
  i love the message of this campaign - rather than start flinging shit on uk in response , it shows friendly , welcoming side of eastern europe , while at the same time reiterates that every brit who feels `` european '' will always be welcome on the continent . 
  if there 's one positive thing that may come out of brexit mess , it 's that eu stops allowing itself to be used as scapegoat for every unpopular decision politicans make . 
  i do n't think that much has changed since i was in school , but back then , kid with two dads would have absolute shit time and be constant target of bullying . 
  i do n't think that our society is ready for change like that . 
  we need to legalize gay marriages first , then give some time for society to familiarize itself with the idea , before even allowing adoption .
