  pro-russian propaganda over here gave out the impression that they are some nsdap-style far-reaching party that de-facto rules in many regions of ukraine . 
  much of online news coverage over here was dedicated to their antics , like waving nazi flags or bandera support marches - similar to how golden dawn in greece was displayed at peak of their power . 
  personally , prawy sektor would be the only ukrainian party name i could recall without problems . 
  glad to see it 's only a vocal minority . 
  exim bank and bank of china ended up footing the bill ( as well as additional interest for three years it took to settle it ) , as they were the contract guarantors . 
  that whole mess was huge embarrassment for china , who really wanted to enter european markets after construction boom slowed down in their mainland , and they were unofficially blacklisted for every major construction work in poland for as long as that issue remained unsettled - they got turned down for several billion euros contracts like new coal energy bloc for tur\u00f3w power plant , jaworzno power plant enlargement , s2 highway in warsaw . 
   chinese company has made an offer to build a high speed rail network for way less than the relevant governmental agency predicted it would cost . 
  be careful with that one . 
  covec won a bid for euro 2012 road construction in similar fashion and it ended up with a scandal  in poland , covec , [ 3 ] won the bid for construction of a highway , linking warsaw with city of \u0141\u00f3d\u017a in september 2009 , but didi n't managed to complete construction and withdrew its operations from poland , and is now facing threat of a $ 200 million compensation claim , which include four month of projected toll losses and 10 percent fine . 
  [ 4 ] highway was planned to be ready for use at the time when uefa euro 2012 in poland would begin , b\u00d6gl a kr\u00ddsl took construction after covec reneged contract and finished it on time . 
  you forgot `` russia is doomed '' one . 
  i have n't seen many posts shitting on turkey recently - most are about glorious sultan 's antics , but maybe i 'm not paying attention enough . 
  well , we have politicans slinging mud at each other ( elections are coming ) , end-of-vacation summary ( record profits for tourist business thanks to great weather , 237 people drowned , traffic jams on major highways ) , farmers got fucked by the same drought that helped hotel owners , new law got passed that taxes shitty advertisements in city centres , and finally - nazi gold train got found ( they did n't actually release any good info yet , so there 's not much to discuss ) , but that one got posted a few times already . 
  overall , it 's very slow period right now . 
  see : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/silly_season, 
  again , you have n't answered my 3 questions . 
  now , as for the matter of money ...  even if we just take 1 billion from you , you will have fucking 5 star refugee shelters . 
  plenty of them . 
  no , ** you ** will have plenty of 5 star shelters , since most people over here wo n't agree to build them ( around 70 % of population is against mass immigration from north africa/middle east ) . 
  as for 1billion ... how much do you think china would pay us for tariff-free access to european markets ? 
  ( hey , you broke the rules of agreement first , so we can too ... ), 
  i think you 're overplaying importance of eu money here . 
  i do n't have any data to back this up , but i believe that if we were to had a referendum in poland where population would decide between having to accept tens of thousands of refugees from africa or stop receiving any funds from eu , results would n't be that favourable towards accepting refugees . 
  now , if you do n't mind answering a few questions : 1 . 
  how would such situation you 're proposing be different from australia bribing papua new guinea to `` store '' their refugees there ? 
  when new members joined the eu , both sides signed a deal that envelops many different sectors ( and contrary to your idea , it involves both giving and taking - new members opened up their markets , adopted eu regulations , dropped protectionism in key industries - western europe benefited from those deals as much as east from temporary influx of money ) . 
  none of talking points involved taking up refugees that want to move to germany/sweden/uk . 
  now , imagine you are happy with your isp - you pay bills on time , and receive quality internet connection in return . 
  then , one day the isp agent calls you and announces that they turned on ( upselling ) a new voice call service for your account , and you either have to accept it , or cancel your account . 
  do n't you see a similarity here ? ... 
  what if the allocated refugees do n't want to stay in new country and escape west anyway ? 
  should we put them in prisons ? 
  it 's mostly real estate . 
  many polish jews owned tenement buildings which they either left behind when fleeing or if they died in holocaust , should be passed to their descendants . 
  after war , when communists took over , they gave them away to other people . 
  nowadays those buildings , or land where they used to be , is worth literally millions of eur ( prime locations in city centres ; many of those lots house expensive buildings like shopping malls etc ) . 
   it 'd be surrounded by moldova and ukraine , both which would be western-leaning and most probably hostile towards russia . 
  would it even survive ? 
  and if , then how ? 
  same way the kaliningrad oblyat is doing right now . 
  standard border checks , maybe some visa-free agreement for people living near borders . 
  live and let live . 
  if oil crashes to 22,5 $ / barrel entire russian economy falls like a house of cards . 
  for now citizens have it rough , but are used to much harsher conditions and simply adjust accordingly . 
  central bank has huge reserves from previous years when oil price was record high , but they do n't plan to defend the exchange rate until it reaches 80 rub / $ ( it was ~ 35 when this whole mess started ) . 
  ukraine got hit very hard ( most important industry/mining factilities are located in eastern regions , where the fighting occurs ) and hryvna was worst-performing currency of 2014 , but got 20 % debt haircut recently and there are projections that 4th quarter of 2015 should have positive growth . 
  they also seem to get stronger ties with west/eu , so , unless some big russian offensive happens and they take over kiev , the time is on ukraine 's side . 
  ... or [ teutonic knights ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/teutonic_order#against_poland ), 
   i think its good to be careful when reading any government owned media , although pbs and bbc seem to do a fairly good job . 
  it varies from country to country . 
  in poland , the public channels are seen as relatively unbiased ( low-profile politicians often accuse them of bias when alloting screen space during election period ) , compared to most popular private one - tvn , which very clearly pushes current ruling party line ( there are rather unidentified links connecting them to former communist secret service people , but it might be tinfoilhattery - i never bothered to read about it further . ) . 
  second most-popular , polsat , is somewhere in the middle of those two . 
  good to know . 
  will check it out next time it 's around . 
  i see . 
  never ate it , from the looks in movies , i thought it 's similar to that chocolate cream , like the hazelnut variant we have ( peanuts do n't grow in our climate ) . 
  very rarely used in poland ( i do n't think i 've seen it in any store ) . 
  people use nutella-like chocolate cream for sweet sandwiches instead . 
  does n't stuff financed from eu funds come with those big '' ( partially ) funded by eu '' signs with project details ? 
  ( [ someone made this image when news broke down that witcher 3 expansion received some eu funds ] ( http://i.imgur.com/5dplruz.jpg ) ) my hometown is major receiver of both cohesion and structural funds and those signs are everywhere ( on ( un ) related note - are there any rules about how long those signs have to stay up ? ), 
  this is very interesting point . 
  are n't the store owners afraid of backslash/boycotts ? 
  over here , it 's one of most `` mild '' groups politics-wise , and they rarely speak out even in matters that affect them directly , like worker 's laws etc. 
  - they use various `` associations '' that represent them , but individual stores/chains are almost never named . 
   decision to start wars does n't come from pure military standpoint in a vacuum , there 's always more dimensions , including political . 
  and here you are , getting close to core of problem . 
  you see , majority over here do n't believe that western european countries will come to help if poor little eesti will get bullied ( anyone remembers `` why die for danzig ? '' ? ... ), 
  - in march this year some agency in poland published poll results and only like 45 % of poles trusted that nato will fullfill it 's military obligations in the event poland gets attacked ( 55 % answered `` definetely no '' , `` rather no '' or `` hard to say '' ) . 
  i do n't think the chances of poland getting attacked are that high , but that ca n't be said about our north-eastern allies - having some personnel from western countries over there creates political pressure in case `` green men '' start stirring trouble , and increases chances that nato/eu 's response will be stronger than `` deep concern '' . 
  that 's what that move is all about . 
   boars are very scared of people . 
  http://i.imgur.com/jizianx.jpg it probably varies by region , but in north-eastern poland ( warmia , masuria and coastal regions with forests ) there are signs everywhere , reminding people to not feed the boars . 
  they regularly raid trash cans and wreck grass in public parks . 
  few weeks ago i saw boar family ( momma-boar and like four stripped piglets ) happilly digging up acorns ( or more likely - thrown out remnants of kebab and other `` touristy '' food ) around 5 meters away from major pathwalk leading to beach , with 100s of people walking past them , some stopping to snap photos - all that in one of largest baltic seaside resort town . 
  there are malaria-bearing mosquitos in greece ? 
  til . 
  i 'm pretty sure australian commenting in this thread could be considered cheating ... also , this is / r/europe - i know we let you participate in eurovision , but do n't get full of yourselves . 
  we do n't really have anything too dangerous . 
  zero scorpions , biggest spiders are the size of thumbnail and are n't venomous , we have two species of snake , [ one of which is venomous ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vipera_berus ) , but it 's relatively rare one ( it was protected species in 90s , dunno if something changed since then ) and the venom is n't that strong to begin with - as long as you do n't suffer from some heart disease , you have very high chances of survival even without doctor intervention - just lay down for a hour or two ... out of `` big '' mammals , we have wolves and bears in small amounts , but they never mess with humans . 
  boars and bisons can be dangerous , but most people are sane enough to stay the fuck away from them , and they are n't usually aggressive to begin with , as young as you do n't try to get too close to boar 's piglets . 
  i do n't know exact numbers , but most deadly ones will probably be something domestic , like cows , due to farmer 's work accidents , or maybe wasps/hornets ( alergic reactions ... ) or ticks ( they spread some diseases , but many people are vaccinated ) ? ... 
  mosquitoes are aplenty , but they do n't carry malaria or dengue . 
  yea , our fauna over here is totally boring and unexciting . 
  i hope it stays that way . 
  reminds me of old joke ... * old grandma with poor eyesight visits state building and notices the portrait hanging on wall . 
  * * - no , towarisz , it 's not pilsudski . 
  it 's josif wisarionowicz stalin . 
  * * - and what did this stalin do , so that you hanged his portrait here ? 
  * * - he chased out the germans from poland . 
  * * - oh , i wish he chased out russians too . 
  did n't italy recently busted `` ham mafia '' who repackaged polish and romanian meat and sold it as authentic italian produce ? ... 
  pretty much yes . 
  when poland joined schengen , they had to relocate almost every border/customs agent from western border with germany to eastern ones . 
  all checkpoints got dismantled and the only thing that will let you know that you crossed to different country is `` welcome to poland '' roadsign . 
  no , i 'm not really an activist type . 
  also , most embassies are located in warsaw , which is roughly 200km away from my town - no point in riding that far . 
  i just remembered about it when i read this article . 
  have n't been in turkey yet , but i assume it 's similar to egypt , it 's not even a case of scammers ( those are aplenty in every tourist town , no matter the country ) , but there 's very different dynamic when it comes to selling/running a shop in middle east versus scandinavia - there 's this `` bazaar merchant '' vibe , where people get in your way , shout at each other , praise their wares , trying to get you to enter their shop ; if they get you to enter , they will constantly follow you around , praising the current thing you 're looking at , as soon as you lay your eyes on something for more than few seconds and so on ... 
  it 's very interesting a first day , since it 's completely different culture , but it gets very tiresome quickly , especially for people further north , who are used to much wider personal space area . 
  dunno about other birds and regions , but similar news made rounds over here two years ago about mass killing of storks in lebanon ( or was it libya ? . .
