  they do n't remember permanent shortage of goods , kilometer-long queues to buy meat or furniture , political instability and purges , cold war that could end with mad nuclear exchange any day ... 
  they only `` know '' it from tales of people who long for days when they were young and healthy and complainers who got left behind during transformation saying how `` everything was more fair back then '' ... 
  yes , that debate made to constitutional court once . 
  in 1997 one amendment that permitted abortion due to difficult personal situation , enacted one year earlier , was declared unconstitutional and removed . 
  apart from that , usually any proposal does n't even make it past lower house of parliament . 
  i guess , it depends on how question is phrased - the one you 're mentioning asked about possibility of `` abortion due to mother 's difficult life situation '' , which is completely different situation to `` abortion on demand '' , and has much wider support , even within some conservative circles , who do n't want to see abortion used as a form of birth control , but understand that `` accidents '' sometimes happen . 
  this is , i think , sixth or seventh approach to change abortion laws in modern poland - there were proposals to change it to both sides , depending on current government . 
  each and every one to date got stuck down , as current laws we have is reasonable compromise between both `` pro-choice '' and `` pro-life '' camps . 
  this one will be no different . 
  few days ago , poll results got released and around 14 % of polish women favor more restrictive abortion laws ( including total ban ) , 20 % want more liberal laws ( including abortion on demand ) and rest are that they should stay as it is or undecided . 
  not initially . 
  first baldur 's gate started that trend - they went literally all-in on that one - put their houses on mortgage , hired famous actors to do voices , ran ad campagins in many papers and stuffed game box with interesting goodies ( i recall large world map printed on canvas ) - basically , piracy was huge back then , so most distributors opted to do localizations as cheap as possible , to keep costs low - five digit sales were considered great success . 
  since bg1 was on five cds , one could pay 100 pln ( 20-30 pln was `` going rate '' for single pirated cd back then ) for a set of cd-r discs in plastic bag , with `` label '' written hastily with marker , or one could pay slightly more ( 120 pln was initial retail price , i think ) and get high quality , original stuff - and that 's what they banked on . 
  it really paid off - they sold out all prepared copies within a week , and started the trend of high-effort localizations , with other companies following suit ( hell , we even had some pirates trying to copy it - there 's `` age of empires 2 '' localized to polish by some russian ( ? ), 
  pirate group , with dictionary-translated sentences recorded in thick eastern accent . 
  it got cult status back in the days , due to how hilariously bad it was ), 
   paradox seems to be doing well , and their games are - really - niche . 
  https://eacea.ec.europa.eu/sites/eacea-site/files/publication-of-results-dev-vg-2015.pdf  7 565184 se paradox development studio ab project dallas 150.000,00 13 % they got 150k eur from the same program cdpr got theirs . 
  it goes way earlier than that . 
  cd projekt has been distributor of computer games in central-eastern europe for over two decades . 
  seeing , how you have lithuanian flair , if you were to pick up old baldur 's gate or warcraft 2 retail box , chances are high , it 'd have cdp logo on it . 
   would not like to see one of those burst . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kmd5bztnmda they are mostly laid underground , and we do n't have earthquakes here , so it 's not that dangerous as it sounds . 
  old pipes , laid 50 years ago , burst from time to time . 
  you do n't get geyser-like fountain shooting boiling water up - they are monitoring pressures constantly and in event of failure , shut it down immediately . 
  you end up with [ medium size crater ] ( http://i.imgur.com/yufcepn.jpg ) and nearby streets looking like hot springs . 
   central heating ? 
  what is that ? 
  oh , sweet summer child ...  do you get hot water/water vapor like you get regular water to heat your houses ? 
  yes . 
  that 's how it works . 
  `` muncipal departament of heat energy '' is what handles it in my town . 
  rather than each block having it 's own system , it 's cheaper/more efficent to have city or district-wide central location with highly efficent water heating furnaces , which distribute warm water across the city in huge , insulated pipes ( main ones they use in my city have over 1m in diameter ) . 
  it also allows to `` piggyback '' on local buisnesses that generate excess heating in their process , which they can re-sell to city , instead of dumping it - power plants , steel mills . 
  my hometown has contract with local tire factory . 
  even some datacentres do it . 
  but usa is n't `` tax heaven '' by any stretch of definition . 
  if that were the case , they would n't need to create facta bill in first place ... 
  there 's big difference between state-run companies , like kghm , pzu , orlen , which , while partially privatized , are mostly directly managed by state itself ( with director seats going to sympathizers of new ruling party after elections , as a kind of `` spoils of war '' ) , and companies where state is only a major shareholder , no different than any big pension or investment fund ( for comparison , norway owns like 1 % of world 's entire equity thanks to it 's oil fund , but does n't use those assets to realize current ruling party political goals - pzu is in similar situation , as a largest ( and former monopolist ) insurer of largest economy in central-eastern europe , they picked up shares of many companies , both domestic and in neighboring countries , over the years . 
  list of stocks on warsaw stock exchange alone that they own is few pages long - that does n't make any of those companies `` state-run '' . 
  current alior 's board of directors has no connections to any political party and been working in various financial institutions since mid-90s , long before pis ( current ruling party ) was even created . 
  if there will be ocassion to buy out some shares in banks ( like few months ago , when italian unicredit sold off 10 % of pekao for bargain , since they needed liquid cash to deal with their domestic crisis ) , they might do it , but it will be based on economic , not political goals . 
   state-run alior bank alrr.wa stopped reading here . 
  if rest of article has similar level of fact-checking , i have nothing to worry about . 
  alior is our `` youngest '' bank - created in 2008 by italian ( carlo tassara ) private fund , they enjoyed great growth thanks to good branding and marketing and no-bullshit offers , which allowed them to make ipo on warsaw stock exchange in 2012 , netting to the tune of 2bln pln . 
  two years later , they got introduced into wig20 index - largest , most prestigious index on warsaw stock exchange . 
  while on the roll , they started buying out smaller banks , do some banking under large telecom private label ( `` t-mobile bank services '' ) and recently started expanding to , i think , germany and romania . 
  while pzu owns around 29 % of their stock , pzu itself is a privatized company as well - state owns 34 % of pzu stock . 
  effectively , state has less than 10 % of stake in alior - hardly `` state-run '' , is n't it ? ... 
   and they do have full nation-state infrastructure . 
  four out of five `` countries '' you listed have surface area of large city . 
  somehow i ca n't imagine uk paying for highway upkeep as much as luxembourg . 
  just browse booking.com , trivago , agoda or similar sites - plenty of budget rooms under 20eur/night . 
  there are actually two embargoes - one put up by eu , regarding natural resources extracting and processing equipment , military technologies etc - enacted in response to annexation of crimea - pretty much inconsequential to poland , as we were n't exporting such technologies to begin with . 
  the other one is put up by russia regarding import of eu-produced food products - enacted in response to first one - this one actually hurt our farmers and food producents pretty heavily - in some branches up to 20 % of our produce was exported to russia . 
  i remember you could buy discounted diary products in some places , with cyrillic letters on labels , which were made for export , for really silly prices ( like 0,1 eur for a package of cottage cheese ) in some supermarkets in first few weeks following embargo . 
  luckily , our producents found new markets ( anyone remember `` freedom apples '' campaign ? 
  ) , and we recovered quickly - which this article is all about . 
  long live free market and competition  http://www.polskibus.com/en/index.htm for example has varying prices ( kinda like airlines do ) - depends on when you 're booking ( the more in advance , the cheaper - you can snag tickets for literally 1 pln ) , how many tickets for that particular course have been sold , time of ride ( weekend rides tend to be more expensive ) and so on ... standard ticket ( students etc have lower prices ) for tomorrow costs 39 pln , next week one is 29 pln and so on ... their main competitor is https://luxexpress.eu/en/ - they are from estonia originally , i think , but they entered heavily on our market . 
  never rode with them , but tickets for tomorrow are listed at 31 pln . 
  after those , there are medium companies , often offering like 5 different courses only . 
  they tend to be slightly more expensive , since they are unable to leverage economy of scale - expect to pay around 40-50 pln for ride . 
  then you have smaller private companies - sometimes literally two guys with a van , taking shifts driving passengers . 
  they have less overhead , but i 'm not a big fan of using those - cars are old , lack wi-fi ... on top of bus options , there are also railoads - slightly faster , but way more expensive , unless you qualify for one of numerous discounts ( students , disabled , blood donors , retirees , employee discount ... ) , expect to pay around 50 eur - not really worth it , as it brings us in price range of last option - 245 pln ( 56 eur ) gives you direct flight on one of numerous cheap airlines - being in middle of europe has this advantages that we have connections with pretty much every carrier - western ( ryanair , easyjet ) , central ( airberlin , germanwings ) and eastern ( wizzair , airukraine ) ... 
   global scale : no . 
  look at us fleets ' area of responsibility for now . 
  us is cutting on their military budget , while china is expanding their fleet like crazy . 
  they built their first carrier recently and are constructing two more right now , which puts them on second spot , after usa , which has 10 . 
   technological : big no . 
  mostly crappy products copied by other countries . 
  i even did better soldering on my pc than their manufacturers . 
  i previously had zero experience on soldering . 
  you get what you pay for - if you 're buying $ 0.99 crap off aliexpress , then do n't wonder about shitty quality . 
  many top electronic brands have their plants located in china . 
  think apple , with their sub-contractor foxconn , in one of those examples . 
  then you have acer , asus , xiaomi , huawei , lenovo ... 
  they definitely have capabilities for high quality engineering , as evidenced by their space program , it 's simply more due to fact that exporters care about price only , which leads to cutting corners and results in crappy products that get shipped . 
   soft power : absolutely no . 
  let 's forget about catching us , europe . 
  china ca n't even catch south korea for soft power . 
  it 's a shitty country why would anyone watch a tv series about life of chinese ? 
  what about other areas ? 
  china has huge presence in africa and asia - they 're buying up everything not nailed to ground , oversee big infrastructural projects , overtake local companies . 
  usa and europe are comparatively neglecting those countries , and as the demographics change and countries get out of poverty , one might wake up in completely different global landscape . 
  i 'd like to have it on record that this guy is a religious nutjob that has been fighting sex , pornography and abortion since 1991 , with no results - his previous `` anti-abortion law proposal '' in 2011 got 450.000 signatures , and as required by law - got put under parliament discussion , where it got axed , just like this one will be . 
  he is n't an ellected official or mp , and in poland everyone can put up law proposal under vote , as long as one gathers enough signatures - that does n't make the law automatically pass . 
  abortion has been `` hot issue '' in poland pretty much since we ( re ) gained independence , and every party puts it for vote , but nothing ever changes , as current laws are reasonable compromise between `` pro-life '' and `` pro-choice '' sides - both are unhappy with current state of affairs and want to pull the line to their side , but opposite side keeps them in check . 
  overnight bus ticket to neighboring country costs literally as much as two packs of cigaretes ( depending on where you live - warsaw ( central poland ) - berlin = 34 pln , cracow ( southern poland ) - prague = 21 pln , gda\u0144sk ( northern poland ) - kaliningrad = 45 pln ) , not to mention gynecologist practices offering `` period restoration '' services locally ( every newspaper in  50k pop town has like two dozens of such adverts in classfield section ) - we already have quite restrictive laws regarding abortion , but it 's not preventing anyone who wants one to get it . 
  there are tescos in thailand . 
  this is a global brand . 
   3kg container of nutella everything is bigger in usa , is n't it ? 
  nutella jars have 400-600g here . 
  only product from morocco i 've seen in shops here were oranges , but they are very seasonal , with prices ranging from 2 pln/kg ( 0,5 eur ) during supermarket promos ( especially around christmas - few decades ago , under communism , it was pretty much only period when they were available , as party went out of their way to make sure masses have something to celebrate with , importing them from cuba , so it kinda became `` traditional '' christmas fruit - every market stocks them at low prices as a loss leader to lure people in for their holiday shopping ) . 
  around 4pln/kg ( 1 eur ) is the `` standard '' price , you 'd be paying most of the time , up to 6-7 pln/kg ( 1.8 eur ) when they are n't available in larger shops and you have to look around small , specialty ones . 
  he was probably referring to those that aligned themselves immediately with west , after gaining independence ( poland , baltics , czech republic , hungary , romania etc. ), 
  - those that were/are still aligned to russia ( belarus , ukraine ) are all doing quite poorly . 
  ukraine 's economy has been in recession for first two decades they were independent - only in 2004 gdp per capita reached back to 1991 levels . 
  then after four years of reasonably fast growth , 2008 global crisis hit , effectively erasing all gains they made - five more years of slow climb later and they are back to 2008 levels in 2013 . 
  then whole mess with russia started . 
  as it stands now , ukraine , which was slightly richer than poland when we both gained independence , has wages roughly five times lower than us .
