  well , thank you . 
  i started learning english when i was 8 years old ( we had really big boom of private foreign language schools in 90s ) and i 'm using it constantly in my work ( i make internet websites for a living ) . 
  of course they should . 
  while we do have some problematic groups ( `` welfare queens '' and ultra-religious elderly folks trying to force kinda strict christianity views on everyone else ( apothecaries refusing to sell `` morning after pills '' etc. 
  ) , they are n't very liked by majority of population . 
  while those ca n't be stripped of polish citizenship , i 'm pretty sure most people over here would prefer interacting with integrated vietnamese immigrant over those . 
   obviously , having a job and learning/knowing/speaking the national language is a must . 
  speaking arabic or chinese in , for instance , england or germany should be discouraged and looked down upon . 
  i find that one interesting in the context of many immigrants from poland - they often come from rural background with poor education or have trouble learning the second language due to age - they speak only basic phrases in english , but send their kids to english schools and expect them to learn the language perfectly . 
  can such cases be considered as `` integrated '' , provided the other criteria you presented are met ? 
  from the wiki link you posted , it looks like nationalists stirring trouble - we got some idiots like that over here too - they want to get back lviv and wilinus , but no-one treats them seriously . 
  same with teaching at schools - every nation needs it 's heroes . 
  in ukraine stephan bandera is celebrated as a hero , while in poland we see him as responsible for volhynia massacre ( ukrainians call this event `` volhynia tragedy '' instead ) , and to be fair - we see home army as national heroes , while lithuanians have totally different view on them . 
  the way shit like that can be solved is to leave them to historians and keep politicans away . 
  would greece agree for `` macedonia '' to use that name and alexander the great statues etc. 
  if it meant that macedonia would abandon all claims to current greek territory of macedonia region ? 
  for me , for an immigrant to be considered integrated and no longer be called `` immigrant '' but a `` pole '' , he needs to speak the polish language , have a honest job , pay taxes , send their kids to public school , and respect the `` values '' of a country ( this one is kinda broad and tricky to explain properly , so i 'll just list a few examples of what i mean - i 'm sure you 'll get an idea : `` sharia patrols '' are big no , eating in `` halal '' restaurants is ok , celebrating muslim holidays is ok , inviting your neighbors for end-of-ramadan feast where you can show them traditional turkish cuisine is awesome , forcing them to stop singing christmas carols is a no , and so on ... ), 
   one of the most meaningless disputes the world has ever seen when it comes to greece , i think macedonia/fyrom one has to take that spot instead . 
  ( disclaimer : i do n't live there and i might miss some important stuff , but for an outsider it 's really petty stuff ), 
  8th amendment in ireland is a ban of abortion , for those curious . 
  just checked . 
  i did n't know that . 
  what 's the reason for it ? 
  ^ ( still not nordic ), 
  how do you see possibility of `` rediscovering '' islam to work with modern values . 
  there are many rules that muslims are required to follow , which are completely not in line with european society , which in turns causes tensions and makes it hard for muslims to integrate . 
  to name a few examples ( i apologize upfront if i got something wrong ) : everything written in qran is taken at face value , as the word of god , and as a result , muslims should follow it literally . 
  for comparison , catholic church , teaches that if our observation contradicts what 's written in bible , that means we 've been interpreting bible wrong from the start ( for example - evolution vs creationism ) . 
  halal meat , and ritual butchering - is it really nescessary that animal stays conscious while it 's being killed and the prayer is said ? 
  ca n't we stun it first ? 
  back when qran was written , the presented method of killing was very `` humane '' and less painful compared to other methods used widely at that time . 
  expecting non-muslims to observe islam requirements ( infamous `` sharia patrols '' ) - banning sale of alcohol , dressing modestly and so on ... 
  i believe that big discussion about state of islam in 21st century is necessary . 
  back when i was at university , my friend wanted to apply for social stipend . 
  turns out you need to have household income per person below 850 pln to qualify for it . 
  the trick is that you need personal income above 850 pln if you want your income to be counted separately ( otherwise , your parents income is counted too ) . 
  literally the only students collecting social benefits at my university were rich children of business owners who declared tiny income on paper ( due to big pretended expenses , in order to not pay income tax ) . 
  for normal people it was literally impossible to qualify , thanks to catch22-like regulations . 
  it 's [ tadeusz rejtan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tadeusz_rejtan ) - nobleman who tried to block the parliament gathering that passed first partition of poland . 
  the picture i linked is jan matejko 's painting [ `` rejtan , or the fall of poland '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rejtan_ ( painting \\ ) ) , arugably one of most famous polish paintworks . 
  hey , we have [ long tradition ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nxx7eid.jpg ) of obstructing doors . 
  do n't diss us , man . 
   do you know that different countries have different number of seats in the european parliament ? 
  germany has 96 and finland 13 . 
  it 's based on each country 's population . 
  our industry is nowhere near as strong as germany 's , and we have 51 seats . 
  also , it 's what politicians usually do - find some allies and push your agenda together ( you scratch my back , i scratch yours ) . 
  greece + france has the same number of seats as germany , at least in ep . 
   in general that means that a carton of german milk can be sold in greece for $ 1 , whereas a carton of greek milk for $ 1.20 . 
  so the greek consumer will naturally tend to buy the german milk , thus increasing the profits of the german farmer , and german government 's tax revenue when he could be helping his own government . 
  while , yes , we have the advantage of different currency that might make our products cheaper compared to german ones , many of our middle-class and higher customers ( for low earners , price is still deciding factor ) consciously pick even slightly more expensive products , versus cheaper , foreign made ones - it 's simply `` hip '' thing to do . 
   the problem is that they spend their money buying german products instead of greek . 
  greek products are n't competitive compared to the german ones ; thus the deficit keeps increasing , and the problem forever being perpetuated . 
  well , looks like education problem to me then . 
  as soon as transformation ended in 1991 , higher-ups knew our then-backward , ineffective products might have trouble competing with new western imports . 
  many programs , like `` teraz polska '' ( `` poland now ! '' ), 
  got established , trying to promote local products . 
  nowadays , even biggest supermarket chains use the fact that over 90 % of their products are locally-produced as a part of their advertisement campaigns . 
  come to poland . 
  the only way brits can come to harm here is if they start hitting on someone 's girlfriend in pub while drunk . 
  it 's pretty common scale in various warning/readiness advisories . 
  for example fire or avalanche warnings ( and yes , it 's counter-intuitive to civilians , so news anchors always say `` first , the highest in scale , level of forest fire warning has been issued for areas ... '' ) . 
  usa 's [ defcon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/defcon ) military readiness indicator is arguably the most famous one . 
   thanks for this . 
  bride kidnappings and marriage occur among roma ? 
  where can i read about this ? 
  http://www.errc.org/cikk.php?cikk=2295 is very good , non-biased summary . 
   well someone did pm me telling me roma kids should be kidnapped and placed in boarding schools against their will , like what the us and canada did to native american kids ... ... 
  there 's a legend going around gypsies that it was one of them who stole 4th nail for jesus crucification , and that somehow gives them dispense for stealing from non-roma . 
  roma people have been persecuted for centuries in europe - see https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/antiziganism . 
  for american , i think it 'd be easiest to compare it to issues of black or especially native-american communities are having currently , but amplified tenfold . 
  on one side , you have a need to preserve cultural identity and traditions , some of which are incompatible with modern society and values - for example in poland , only 70 % of roma children attends schools ( eu-wide , only 42 % of roma completes primary education ) , or bride kidnappings and marriages at very young ages . 
  roma came to europe from india , and there are still some remnants of caste system seen in their culture - many professions are seen as `` unclean '' and therefore prohibited - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romanipen, 
  everything / u/cargocultist94 said is also true in opposite end of continent as well . 
  roma community has big `` us vs them '' mentality problem , and roma people trying to integrate into society are immediately shunned by their families etc. 
  and labeled as traitors . 
  to my knowledge , it was contested between 13 % that tsipras wanted , versus 23 % from troika , so the difference is 10 % in the end . 
  turkey and egypt are completely different tourist destination markets than greece or spain , at least in poland . 
  the ones from lower income households usually save up 500eur and go on last-minute all-inclusive holiday in sharm el sheikh , where they stay poolside entire week and just get drunk ( they are a kind of running joke at this point over here , and unfortunately , do n't contribute positively to the image poles have abroad ) - you will never be able to compete with price alone . 
  you need to shoot for middle-class ones instead - they have no problem spending 1100 instead of 1000eur , as long as the quality of hotel rooms , cleanliness and food is better than the ones resorts in turkey can offer . 
  from what i remember from school , answer to this is `` x = 3 '' . 
  budget backpacker guesthouses in cambodia are doing decently , but it 's nothing in comparison to income `` proper '' tourism is getting . 
  even infamous pattaya in thailand has been trying to change their image to more `` family-friendly '' recently . 
  `` wealthy business-types '' are looking for comfort and they are prepared to pay for it accordingly . 
  hippie tourism are only teens on summer vacation , buying noodle soups and cheapest mineral water in convinience stores . 
  onet.pl is kinda like bild/daily mail - they pretend to be actual newspaper , but their content is total tosh . 
  here 's some of article titles currently highlighted on their homepage : - `` pedestrians called 112 over 30 times . 
  you wo n't believe how long it took them to arrive '' - `` i slept with virgin once . 
  never again . '', 
  - `` firm celebrities ' buttocks in swimsuits '' - `` how does ron 's girlfriend from `` harry potter '' movie look now ? '', 
  ... and so on ... 
  i guess you get the picture . 
  i think we should wait until tomorrow for some respectable newspaper 's coverage - news broke out at 10pm local time ... 
  very good clip ^ ( but you should invest in eastern poland instead ) . 
   i doubt that . 
  they are currently living in refugee camps under conditions that make poland look like paradise . 
   and even if some refuse , there are a couple million people in these camps . 
  good point . 
  dunno why our vice-minister said that ( probably to `` soften the blow '' , as accepting any refugees is very unpopular here . 
  linked article has already over 4000 comments , and let 's just say they are quite unfavourable ... ) .
