  but yeah ; in the end a human union would be the goal for my grandchildren , 
  true , they are preparations in what is supposed to come in the future . 
  the eu wasn \u00b4 t more than a stack of trade agreements in the first place too . 
  you \u00b4 re living in a world dominated by the west yourself . 
  you just don \u00b4 t know why we should keep it that way . 
  it does n't have to be a literal union , agreements like ttip are good starts . 
  with 300 million ( us ) vs 500 ( eu ) million the us dominating would be absurd . 
  like the eu , everything is possible in a democratic way . 
  it 's either this , or in the future having other countries police the world and making the who rules . 
  ceta has a lot of impact on local politics , the world is not black and white . 
  they are joining our bloc in the long run , which all western countries should do . 
  with north america + europe we have 1 + billion people , enough to stay ahead of india or china in the long run . 
  we in the west can find a way to have the same standards . 
  to bad ttip ( a new step ) seems to be frozen by the same populism that made brexit happen . 
  canada is attached to the us , and just signed ceta with the eu . 
  they are just as much in this game as other eu countries . 
  i 'm not going to explain you the basics of geopolitics . 
  your country mastered it in the past and now you seem to have forgotten how it works . 
  yes it sucks that the uk leaves , that gives more relative power to the remaining big countries . 
  the germany thing is still not true , italy + poland have more meps than germany together , so even they could out vote them . 
  you know what a dangerous game would be ? 
  not playing together and becoming irrelevant states . 
   your boss germany will be the one making the important decisions for the eu that 's simply not true also . 
  they also do n't hold significantly more political clout than france or the uk . 
  no it is n't a strawman , i just asked you if you also read it , tpo is worse enough on its own , no strawman needed . 
  tpo calls itself a news website by the way . 
  and that 's what it is , a fake news site . 
  i get those links from friends that are also infected with the populist/fake world vision . 
  pax americana happened . 
  it will be over soon if the west does n't unify . 
  yes , france , germany and ( at this moment ) the uk hold the most clout . 
  still makes the `` germany controls everything '' thing bullshit though . 
  do n't imply shit then , trolling is annoying . 
  jezus christ , tpo is like the daily stormer . 
  try to also read some normal news dude , sites like that will only make you angry about non-existing things . . you eat fake-news shit like this too ? 
  : https://ejbron.wordpress.com/ i 'm really worried about my fellow dutch people . 
  you implied it . 
  the union also is n't suppressive , you eat to much geenstijl-cake . 
  and what if we want to celebrate our centralized political union ? 
  we live in the same house anyway , it 's not like we can change geographics . 
  you can think the world has changed , like i said , good luck . 
  germany does not have a majority vote in the eu . 
  france has the same power and a bunch of smaller states have a bigger say together too . 
  i think you do n't know how the eu works . 
  brexit made the remaining states ( including germany ) a bit stronger though . 
  how about we celebrate our new mother state ? 
  why would you celebrate a continent ? 
  ah yes , like all the states that you colonized . 
  those countries also wanted to do their own thing , until ( then ) big boy britain ruined that . 
  good luck . 
  we 'll be part of the big boys telling you the things , 
  you are # 1 as part of the eu . 
  the uk is n't powerfull anymore and wo n't ever be that again . 
  a country like china has an economy 5 times your size and in a few decades a lot of upcoming economies will have past you . 
  the eu will be in the big boys playing field around that time ; the uk will not . 
  the netherlands would have a 1 or 2 mm penis on the world stage  we 're not so stupid to jump into that though . 
  being # 1 together is way better . 
  yes , but we are not leaving so it is not relevant for us , lol . 
  ofcourse it would be stupid for tiny netherlands to leave the bloc . 
  that 's why i 'm proud to be part of the bigger eu , we just need to give it something sexy to look at  are you proud to be a little big bigger hair than nld by yourself ? 
  that 's why i 'm proud to be part of the bigger eu , we just need to give it something sexy to look at , 
  do you think anyone at the party is interested in a dwarf with a 5mm erect penis ? 
  there is no real dysfunction . 
  the lies populist spread have been repeated so many times , that people are starting to see them as truth . 
  yeah dutch and english are quite alike ... 
  it does n't mean more than that . 
  it does n't mean it at all . 
  also using age as an argument is arrogance at a high level . 
  are you mad because the police ( in germany ffs ) arrests nazi 's ? 
  that was normal in all of europe before fascism stood up again . 
  i agree 100 %, 
  yep , that 's why the usa never annexxed iraqi land . 
  the casus belli was the dangerous saddam houssein which was slaughtering it 's own people and had invaded multiple countries . 
  they took him down and installed a less agressive goverment , made of iraqi people . 
  if he would still be there , saddam would probably have invaded syria sometime after 2011 . 
  ( for example ) i also do n't necessarily agree with the iraq invasion , it 's also a bad thing . 
  does n't make the shit russia does good though . 
  far from that . 
  yeah the netherlands also had claims on indonesia when we colonized them . 
  so did hitler on poland . 
  a claim is just a self manufactured casus belli . 
  haha you really are one of them . 
  taking on everything semantic so you can make the argument about something else . 
  thanks for mentioning education !, 
  i 'm actually higher educated and make ~ 1500 % of what the avarage putinbot makes . 
  do you want to know why ? 
  our country actually invests in it 's people instead of keeping them dumb . 
  greet putin for me . 
  nah , it has the part they did n't get by colonizing . 
  nah that 's not true . 
  there are a lot of good people in russia . 
  the kremlin just needs to change into something less agressive . 
  some western european states had half of that shit in the 17th century . 
  earths water level would be lower though . 
  yeah lots of people could live there , but the kremlin likes to let their people suffer so they can expand their land . 
  if they would invest in the economy they could be the richest and most populous country of europe . 
  you really want the baltics do n't ya ? 
  that 's why he said the `` kremlin 's '' . 
  greet putin for me , troll . 
  russia is occupying multiple parts of multiple european countries right at this moment .
