why would that be relevant ? 
  thanks for commenting this ; i too was like `` what the fuck am i reading ? '', 
  the whole time . 
  the rebels also have rpg 30 's . 
  turkey already houses 2 million syrian refugees , we are just helping them out a bit . 
  sending them back to let turkey deal with everyone would be an evil move . 
  they can do that because there is n't any war nearby . 
  if there is a war in papua new guinea they ca n't send those people back . 
  the migrants coming to australia also are n't war refugees . 
  if those came to australia , they have to take them in , because human rights and stuff ,, 
  speak for yourself . 
  no , in my country the netherlands there are different cultures and ethnicities too . 
  we all share the same western values . 
  you are part of the problem i described . 
  that makes her like .1 % as evil as trump . 
  it 's the voters fault by not acting . 
  populist vs pupulist , yaaay . 
  blame the voters for believing all the bullshit surrounding her . 
  both are populist parties . 
  sp even has a history of getting money out of russia . 
  seeing the british papers on the day of the vote , everything was n't all that democratic . 
  your country annexes others clay and lies about it . 
  the us just delivers `` freedom '' , while keeping the attacked country in one piece . 
  a good comparison would be the us taking a state from mexico or canada . 
  do you see that happening ? 
  it is n't as worse ** yet ** . 
  germany was n't all that hardcore in the 30 's either . 
  also , i talked about both , i posted three links . 
  [ yes ] ( http://www.pinknews.co.uk/2014/02/07/the-25-most-shocking-anti-gay-stories-from-russia-so-far/ ) , [ he ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-russia-gays-iduskbn0of0mp20150530 ) [ is . 
  ] ( http://www.atlanticcouncil.org/blogs/new-atlanticist/repression-of-crimean-tatars-intensifies-under-russia-says-new-turkish-report ) systematic repression isn \u00b4 t suddently not there because one guy has a good job in the country . 
  pupulists ruining humanities progress again ... 
  vegetables mashed with potatoes , like 80 % of the diners are this . 
  nice lie . 
  it 's okay if the card is expired . 
  it makes the land in holland less salty . 
  so when we combine we have the worlds biggest economy but are third in military ? 
  how about number one in both points . 
  keeps us save , especially if the us really turns fascist or if china decides to be less passive . 
  that 's why you combine more coorperation and increase spending . 
  so the neighbouring country upgrades their tanks and we improve our submarines . 
  ( for example ), 
  how about we start more coorperation and increase spending ? 
  as long as the people have a big say in eu politics , it 's democratic . 
  perhaps we should just call their bluff and tell them to fuck off . 
  `` ruining our own societies in the process '' is something that only the fascists crying right now are saying is happening . 
  putin does conquer land though and he is the leader of the populist movement . 
  4 years `` where are we with eu , usa , and russia ? '', 
  werent ' t they protesting to the people mocking them ? 
  stop spreading propoganda on this subreddit , putinbot . 
  yeah because everyone who does n't want to be part of russia is long gone and replaced by a russian . 
  no , it 's more that we can block you from accessing turkey , ban your language from schools , ban mosques loyal to erdogan and banning political party funds from coming from outside the country . 
  since this is n't your native soil , your roots will be legends to you in no time , give it one generation . 
  stuff like that is easy and defensible , you as a turk should know that . 
  it 's the vvd that forces those policies , in exchange for pvda policies that go through . 
  if you do n't want to `` betray '' your voters like you describe , you will be in the opposition forever . 
  than a party achieves nothing . 
  i do n't think you know what a [ godwin ] ( http://time.com/4837881/godwin-law-interview-2017/ ) is . 
  go back to geenstijl . 
  you have never heard of consensus politics ? 
  it 's the political structure in your country and it requires parties with differences to work together and help eachother . 
  centrists unite !, 
  now you are just trolling . 
  switserland is not anti-eu , nor anti-nato . 
  they have n't joined either of them because of their governmental structure . 
  although they are in the eu economic area and thereby most eu-laws are in place there . 
   scrapping subsidies is n't facism . 
  true , but that is not what / u/jack-grover 191 is talking about . 
  he is talking about scrapping of subsidies for certain types of ( unwanted ) art . 
  not art subsidies in general . 
  komt erg dichtbij ' ''  `` vrijheid van godsdienst is een overbodig grondwetsartikel '' here are like 60 more examples , with sources : http://ikje.blogspot.nl/2016/02/is-thierry-baudet-geen-neofascist-20.html, 
  pvda is left-centrist and always was . 
  it 's just that people are more attracted to extremes and single issues nowadays . 
  denk only makes pvv stronger . 
  the rise of nazi like parties will only get minorities killed . 
  `` replaced '' lol . 
  turkish people are our cheap laborers . 
  if shit gets out of hand we 'll just forcely integrate you and/or rise the election threshold . 
  fvd is the most dangerous party in the modern netherlands . 
  anti-eu , anti-nato and pro- ( le truth is in the middle ) putin . 
  oh really , please explain the balkans to me then . 
  the fact that you are downvoted really scares me . 
  they are anti-eu and pro-putin . 
  yep , it were vvd voters which think vvd is not racist enough but that wilders is too dumb . 
  well the ground is sand , how is did the veluwe become of a human induced disaster ? 
  this comment section is overrun with kremlin-trolls . 
  subscribe to www.euvsdisinfo.eu for more about them . 
  a child wrote this . 
  i was in russia a while ago ( st. petersburg ) . 
  the urban populace does n't seem to think like russians on the internet ( 90 % of which are paid trolls ) . 
  it 's just that they feel hopeless , i guess . 
  noone denies that human lifes are equally valuable everywhere . 
  it 's just less relevant for people . 
  african war crimes are less relevant for us , most europeans ca n't even point out mali on a map ( for example ) . 
  do you really think that is strange ? 
  and they are , because the title says `` on european soil '' . 
  this 100 %, 
  you 're the only kind in this discussion fueling the fire . 
  it depends on the topic and post somehow . 
  ridiculous how right now it 's almost like stormfront-forum in here . 
  it will always make us more significant than what we are without it .
