  somehow i remembered luxembourg as being a presidential republic like france . 
  but even those businesses are profiting on low corporate tax to gain unfair competitiveness . 
  i mean , if arcellor-mittal would pay higher taxes , would n't it face tougher competition ? 
  we need an european tax policy . 
  i mean , how is this monetary union supposed to work without that ? 
  do n't subscribe then . 
  but then our dear president of the european commission , mr juncker , a man who clearly has been working for the good of the union for many years , would have to admit some mistakes as president of the fiscal paradise known as luxemburg . 
  then it would stop being a fiscal paradise and as it does n't export much of anything other than its fiscal policy and shady banking , its economy would take a severe hit . 
  now , do we want to make this to mr. juncker ? 
  is hyundai a thing around europe ? 
  even if did , the economic structure and situation are so different that the comparison makes little sense . 
  so , for this income the government will be cutting other public services it provides . 
  still sounds good i guess , people should to spend according to their needs , but will not some people , people who require constant medical treatment for example , be penalized ? 
  so , you are blind enough not to see the 31 % , just that the colored line you want is above the other . 
  and that 's good enough . 
  always the saltyness , look you may do n't like what you read , but do n't come with the `` populist columnists '' snobbishness . 
  now , have some information and read before sticking up your nose http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb/eb80/eb80_first_en.pdf, 
  as long as people are unhappy with the state of things and look for nationalistic solutions of government , you know things need to change . 
  the eu is now perceived as an bureaucratic , foggily democratic institution , far from the europeans and about which most people know about nothing . 
  even european voting for the parliament is considered not of much use , as you can see by the turn out . 
  and , as a matter of fact , the parliament is underpowered . 
  if you want me to put up options for the rework , i 'm sorry but i ca n't put up a solid project . 
  but it 's obvious to me that it is necessary as soon as possible . 
  i also believe this system is the future , but for it work you have to fix your corporate tax system , or have netherlands done it already ? 
  i feel for poles , but this is a necessary wake up call for eu . 
  we need a very serious rethink and rework on the union , or this will happen more often and more seriously . 
  please do . 
  yes , but languages that are not english or spanish are encryption , so better get all the info into a giant useless database because we can . 
  i upvoted because the comment gave me a good laugh . 
  maybe . 
  for sure , many people do n't even go open in places where it is acceptable , so in russia it 's an act of bravery . 
  that said , being gay , even you 're brave enough to tell everyone and be open about it does n't make you great person . 
  i found the tone of the article to lean into that sort thought that i do n't really think is honest or even helpful . 
  a gay is a person a like anyone , i believe that 's what every conscious gay wants . 
  my two cents anyway , i just think people as whole would be happier together if we respect each others options since they do n't hurt anyone else and let people be , not better nor worse or special , just like anyone else . 
  being gay means the person is gay , like being hetero means said person hetero or like anything else . 
  i find it hard to link personality traits to sexual orientation . 
  a successful one . 
  oh not really , people like to pretend their small group of friends or facebook comunity is representative of an idealized reality . 
  as i deal with people from a varied social strata , geographical areas , level of education , jobs and routines i can tell this is not accurate . 
  you know , most people in portugal are not your liberal college student or the guy who works in an office in lisbon . 
  most probably where this sample came from . 
  amidst portuguese people who talk in the caf\u00e9 , in the supermarket at home , etc. 
  as putin went to intervene in syria i could say he was even slightly popular as he `` done what the others did n't to end the war '' . 
  still most of the people do n't care about this kind of things . 
  edit : oh , the downvotes . 
  sorry to shatter your delusion of what people should be and think with a reality check . 
  i do n't know who they did interview here , but portuguese people do n't really like obama and do n't really hate putin , at least not even close to this values . 
  is turkey moving to the brink of a civil or is it just sensationalism ? 
  i hope someone closer to this situation could shed a light , i 'm very interested . 
  well , i believe everyone wants the best for his own country , so in that sense merkel is using eu and the member countries lacks and weaknesses , like the one you mention , to german profit in a very intelligent way , which should make germans satisfied . 
  i 'm not against merkel or germany or anything , she is smart , seizes good opportunities and plays the political game in a fairly , if somewhat blunt , effective way . 
  now , as a portuguese i can see many defects in german interaction with eu , and those situations can not be appreciated here because they hurt us here . 
  i know , we in the south have many internal problems , corruption , the government and state do n't work properly , etc. 
  we do n't need german abuse to add up to this . 
  that said , things do n't go like `` ok , we solve this , then this hmm all the list up to germany in eu '' . 
  political , governance and social problem solving are not mechanical , not like math . 
  many times , when you try to solve here , you open up another one there . 
  besides , german problems with the commercial balance and the euro itself are very serious . 
  angela had to add up some refugees to shove up everyones throat i do n't know why . 
  haha , but thats exactly it , you do n't deny , you deflect to other issues you put over the first issue . 
  i mean no offense , really , but i understand i 'm being kind of offensive . 
  i like how some german posters deflect the issues by adding another issue that makes the german take on the deal secondary . 
  something like , `` yeah , you may even perhaps be somehow right , but it would n't matter because theres this other issue here , now a very concerning and structural one , that makes this other kinda irrelevant until this one i mentioned is solved '' . 
  of course it 's only some people , but the diplomatic `` it may be but not actually '' is very interesting . 
  and i do n't even mean it in a much critical sense , i really find the argumentation interesting . 
  mine ? 
  i did n't write anything about destroying anything . 
  who will germany destroy ? 
  i believe they did n't destroy anything since 1989 . 
  threat to civilization ? 
  what ? 
  us wants an eu that they can manage , keeping the members together under the mild flag of capitalism , technocratic governments , defense contracts to sell some planes and guns , and full , blind support of whatever mad war or sanctions they want to achieve . 
  on the other hand a rogue , germany dominated eu is a nightmare . 
  not only it would have an actual own policy , they could go against us foreign policy dictates , make business with the wrong persons and buy the wrong weapons . 
  i actually believe this russian sanction episodes and bedeviling are more centered in keeping eu and russia apart and avoiding germany and the rest of eu being able to make business with them . 
  russia was weak , and still is . 
  germany is the real threat . 
  does n't actually look bad at all , seems like a pretty nice place to me . 
  look , i have no agenda and i like my university available to everyone in the economic sense . 
  problem is they are letting everyone in , regardless of their capabilities . 
  i did n't say that money was itself the problem , it 's the wide policy of cheap costs , which is actually a good thing with some setbacks like the one in the article , and low difficulty to enter and to leave . 
  like you say , it 's the school system mostly . 
  but it is n't only school itself that 's creating immature spoiled children and sending them to brag about anything in university , it 's a very complex issue . 
  we are in an age where basically everyone can go to university . 
  you may be a total idiot and still get a degree , they are easy and cheap . 
  it 's no wonder self enlightened idiots can take over and find support from other idiots/weak people who crave to belong somewhere . 
  i believe that sums the whole thing . 
  we need to rethink seriously our notion of `` democracy '' . 
  well , not like pp is giving much support to the economy , i see it as putting the country on palliatives like paf did here . 
  and things like the sun law are just crazy . 
  but i can understand your option there , we are pretty much in the same political situation across the border . 
  great , i see now . 
  basically old people who always vote for the same party because it 's a personal or family thing , whatever they do , whoever is the candidate . 
  he have it here also . 
  good lord , and those coring costs ? 
  i 'd rather go gold digging to africa . 
  how can rajoy and his pp be the most voted ? 
  what qualities do you find on this man , or what do the others lack ? 
  i seriously do n't get it .
