  because countries intentions and foreign affair strategies are usual business . 
  dictating what is acceptable in our behalf is just . . unacceptable . 
  obvious ? 
  oh really ? 
  because i do n't support us action ? 
  because i should appreciate us dictating whatever eu countries can do or not ? 
  did i even mention russia ? 
  are n't you reading between the lines to fit your narrative ? 
  either way , i appreciate your honesty , so i 'll tell you i 'm portuguese , in first place , and pro-european in second . 
  us has a relation of interest with us . 
  that 's how ir works . 
  there are no friendships in ir . 
  some countries have closer ties , historical relations . 
  sometimes , when critical situations arise theres humanism . 
  but do n't misunderstand that . 
  everybody uses each other for their own benefit . 
  if necessary , tides have to be turned , that happens all the time . 
  yesterday poland was a dear of europe . 
  now everybody says it 's a danger . 
  germany was great for helping refugees . 
  now it 's pretty much isolated . 
  as such , we , as europeans , have to create a personality for ourselves . 
  we do n't tolerate russian military build-up and their actions in ukraine . 
  because that 's bad for us . 
  germany rushes to build nord-stream . 
  and that 's also bad for us . 
  but russia is trying to solve the war in syria , in their interest of course , as does us and allies . 
  both are good things for us . 
  saudi arabia invades yemen and is killing civilians there . 
  we could n't care less , because we have no interest whatsoever in yemen and saudi arabia is providing us with oil . 
  meanwhile , if us tries to dictate what we can do or not , is terrible for us . 
  as it would have been if done by russia , china or paraguay . 
  it 's somethings cold and immoral ? 
  it is . 
  but that 's how things work . 
  now , i did n't make the rules , i do n't like many of them , but that 's how it is . 
  so now tell me . 
  what do you think ? 
  what was i distorting ? 
  what bad faith ? 
  can you point those ? 
  i pointed us was incredibly arrogant for claiming russia can not lobby in eu ( which every country does , is the most basic tool in international relations ) , and has no right whatsoever to police whatever eu members do for they are free to pursue their own interests . 
  being that get close to russia , us , china or rwanda . 
  so tell me , where 's faith or distortion here ? 
  actually , i wrote none of the things of claim . 
  nah man , it 's cool . 
  erdogan is the dick . 
  uh , the downvotes . 
  any man ( or woman ) around here coming to tell why downvoting ? 
  or you just do n't know but it feels right ? 
  so , wheres the credulity or the dogmatism . 
  explain that without jumping to conclusions , if you can . 
  not that i actually did anything practical to support the man , but at the time there was nothing reaching here , news or articles of any kind , indicating what we would become . 
  sorry about that anyways . 
  what does that have to do with lobbying ? 
  every country lobbies . 
  us lobbies . 
  germany lobbies . 
  israel lobbies . 
  papua new guinea lobbies . 
  the idea that russia is terrible for trying to influence eu is ludicrous , because russia is defending its interests as anyone else is entitled to . 
  thats how the world works , and i am sorry to disappoint your fantasies , but us is not the moral guardian of the world nor the only one who can push an agenda . 
  the idea that russia should n't exploit whatever it can in world diplomacy is childish . 
  and it does n't have nothing to do with being `` the good '' or `` the bad '' . 
  it 's because it can , and you ca n't stop a country from interacting with other countries . 
  come with the downvotes . 
  better bury the reality and be ignorant than discuss how the world works . 
  us influence in the world actually came to be since the beginning of the xix century , and specially since monroe doctrine came into effect . 
  the american navy has been interventioning and making sorties since early 1800s also . 
  america did look inwards in relation to european powers on europe itself , who were deemed as a sort of a conundrum of fools fighting each other ( can not recall the proper words kissinger uses in diplomacy , but the idea was something like this ) but the rest of the world was pretty much their playground . 
  it 's not true that america did not want to assert their position overseas . 
  there [ many accounts of american intervention in asia , africa , oceania , even in europe itself , and specially the rest of the american continent ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/timeline_of_united_states_military_operations#1810.e2.80.931819 ) . 
  it 's true though that america did n't develop a proper diplomacy maybe until wilson . 
  because a great economy does n't make a great power by itself . 
  we can see that in china now , who is actively searching for it 's place in world diplomacy , one that matches it 's size in demographic and economic numbers . 
  in the 1800s america was n't a great power . 
  but it had the right conditions , the right persons , the right time do create a massive basis to work on . 
  industrial revolution came in a perfect timing also . 
  yet , it had to wait until the end of the civil war to start to blossom , and the two world wars did the rest of the job . 
  thank you . 
  actually we did n't vote for communists more than usual , it 's just now they are supporting the minority government . 
  they throw a great festival though , [ festa do avante ] ( http://www.festadoavante.pcp.pt/2015/inicio ) . 
  it 's open for everyone and a lot of fun . 
  hey , did we hurt you somehow ? 
  why be so agressive man ? 
  do you want us to go seek refuge in canada ? 
  ... even more ? 
  such hatred , that 's not good for your heart . 
  ussr suffered from other great shortcomings associated with central planning and an even greater extent of corruption . 
  but i suppose you are right . 
  those activities are very expensive and it will have consequences . 
  ahm , ok then . 
  i 'll just leave you with this : us has interests all over the world and actively pursues them . 
  that 's how it became a great power , how it kept being so , and why it has the most powerful military and intelligence the world has ever seen . 
  if you do n't understand this , you are clueless on what american power is about . 
  now turkey is resorting to aid blackmail ? 
  what is this , some desperate african country ? 
  i even supported erdogan in the beginning , while his `` zero problems '' policy seemed to work . 
  now his government hits new lows everyday . 
  he 's not .
