  so what , i 'm pro eu at all , but i 'm not talking about morality here . 
  countries , specially influential countries like us or russia will assert influence wherever and whenever they can . 
  besides , you support eu because it 's useful for you . 
  which is perfectly natural . 
  hah , us is our friend ? 
  i hope you 're just naive . 
  so , us believe they are the only ones who can lobby and influence others . 
  here , have some reality check . 
  what arrogance . 
  he is n't . 
  may be basic , but not shortsighted . 
  really ? 
  this is too much entertaining . 
  how long until we go back to macarthism ? 
  ridiculous . 
  fantastic news !, 
  facebook or something . 
  would france get other half ? 
  does uk have better benefits than france ? 
  for illegals/asylum seekers/the category this people would fall into . 
  young europeans are weak , divided and alienated . 
  it 's no wonder older people are keeping the political drive , for better or worse they can acknowledge reality and try to steer accordingly . 
  youngsters do n't care , mostly . 
  it 's safer to leave those `` serious '' things outside of their bubble . 
  i know who he was , that 's i wonder if he 's a sort of symbol . 
  yes , i can understand that , but not the olof palme thing though . 
  is he a sort of symbol of this policy ? 
  if i was a swedish extreme right person , why would i support a french party and hate olof palme after the astounding of immigration and leftist politicians that came after he died ? 
  but you may be right , i do n't really know . 
  why so ? 
  wise words in amidst the radical insanity . 
  even better , i believe entertainment industry in europe needs to grow and be stimulated , is nonsense that we are importing most of our shows and films from the us ( in orders of billions of dollars yearly ) bypassing opportunities in an industry that keeps on growing each year and will keep on doing so . 
  not to mention cultural factors associated with it , which are worth a lot also . 
  an european license plate would be awesome also , the price of used ( and new ) cars around here is nonsense , and if you want to import government makes sure you pay your hair and your scalp for it . 
  it 's really abusive . 
  that 's what europe needs . 
  do n't worry , we will blame germany anyways . 
  yes , that 's what i meant basically . 
  actually they do . 
  if you have high profile incidents people tend to feel insecure and doubt the action of the police easily overlooking the daily job of the force . 
  people are spooked easily , and this kind of event is powerful on the collective mind . 
  the mayor and merkel 's response and the police trying to cover it up did n't help a single bit either . 
  you are right . 
  i did n't mean a specific group but mankind as a whole in my comment but sure , i agree . 
  fairly similar is widely different from being the same . 
  and that 's that difference that is amazing . 
  it 's a richness beyond value , that i might say will survive no matter what i hope . 
  oh , so greeks , portuguese , japanese or finns are eating each other ? 
  now that 's something i was unaware of . 
  ah , sure . 
  but is n't the talk about armed crisis a bit extreme ? 
  that 's what caught my attention . 
  i mean , they could have put it in a more `` we declare we are friends and support each other '' way , i suppose . 
  does this have any context ? 
  why make such a statement now ? 
  keeping the delusion of moral grandeur alive requires increasingly more word gymnastics this days . 
  that 's the most boring thing i can think of . 
  i do n't want to live in a world with one culture really , what a loss it would be to our lives . 
  i 've been working with people of this nationalities , the ukranians i met specially stroke me as nice , hard working people . 
  how this people boldly refuse to acknowledge truth is frankly amazing . 
  this kind of thing is actually interesting , as a member of government you can spit whatever you want to the public and face no consequences on it , since you keep on the official script . 
  it 's not weird to prevent problems from happening before they do . 
  it 's very sensible if you ask me . 
  demonstrate you 're against before any politician gets suicidal ideas . 
  democracy is only good when it fits the narrative . 
  this should be flagged as misleading already . 
  hey , we did n't genocide the mayas , evil spaniards did it !, 
  maybe we killed some stuff though . 
  police job is to be prepared or otherwise respond properly to keep the rule of law . 
  none of those happened . 
  sure i do n't know the political context of this words or even if he 's good as head of state , but this comment of his is something that every politician should be having around europe . 
  and , somehow , every election europe is working towards this anyways . 
  people are going to the extremes as the usual parties refuse to acknowledge islam as a militant political dystopic organization . 
  so , before we get madmen to the rule and europe recesses one hundred years , it 's good to have focus and understand the danger we are facing . 
  that will avoid much worse things in the future . 
  that 's why i 'm glad . 
  you will not have to look into extremism to address this issue . 
  about slovak domestic policy i do n't know really , but you can take basically every prime minister we had here for years and it ca n't possibly worse than that i suppose . 
  a man on his senses , glad for slovaks . 
  ca n't you just take to the streets , demand her resignation , anything like that ? 
  this is sheer madness , i do n't believe she 's mentally stable anymore to be a head of government . 
  even dw is acknowledging the crude facts . 
  as i 've been a regular reader for some two years from now and i feel like they have been defending the government in much of their decisions , i 'd say media is not really going back to silly and pretty much dangerous utopia . 
  you are right , many people can make about 700 but you 'd have to be doing something most people do n't want to , there 's a lack to capable professionals , or have some experience on what you 're doing . 
  there are companies offering 600 $ a month to engineers ( yes , with a degree and all that ) but you can make more as an experienced electrician or a plumber , that would be those 700 $ or more maybe if you work extra hours . 
  it crazy really , you study to earn less than your friend who ended up as stonemason or something ( no prejudice to stonemasons , they deserve very much their pay . ), 
  heck , the government pays like this itself and uses labor law loopholes to exploit people ( the so called `` green receipts '' or `` recibos verdes '' ) , where you have no contract and no social security rights like a regular worker , because you 're supposedly independent when you are working for the state everyday , people with a degree or not are in this situation . 
  i may call it shittier even . 
  that 's some neat minting if it would be true somehow . 
  very good in pointing the problems , but no so when looking at solutions . 
  interesting article . 
  no one wants to migrate or terrorize here anyways . 
  better look out for our dire economical situation . 
  tell them your salaries are too cheap either . 
  gorgeous , peaceful , intriguing . 
  i hope to go there soon , europe is a fantastic continent , from this point to that very other end . 
  that is a little extreme , people here merely sell their souls , business as usual xd, 
  i hear the quality standard on those is improving a lot and are now pretty much european level but on a budget , too bad many people here in portugal still prefer to get a loan for a status car . 
  i do n't understand what you meant in the first response . 
  edit : yes , he was prime-minister , by bad .
