so , merkel , if they are to go home after the war , why the talk about integration ? 
  that 's not even necessary then . 
  erdogan may need to build another over 600 million dollar palace , being a sultan in 2015 is not cheap . 
  when governments fail to address common people worries and the justice system is perceived as biased and unfair this unfortunately starts happening . 
  even though these people are radicals they can only act as they have a fringe of membership and popular support . 
  get your shit together sweden , if you do n't want to destroy your society you need sensible , honest people to run your country , not radical , emotional and destructive left or right wingers . 
  i 'm having a hard time distinguishing this between reality or some kind of dystopia i fell into . 
  have i gone bananas ? 
  i like what renzi is doing , but i 'm not sure what are his intentions though . 
  i 'm wary of this man , but for the time being he has my support . 
  that 's stalin . 
  great leader reaping benefits for best korea , the land where grass is greener and man are equal and free under the supremely godly masterful guidance of the dear leader , by tricking and outsmarting the evil capitalist dogs who want to destroy this land of freedom and happiness . 
  nothing new . 
  well , it 's bellow nato target spending , but seems quite appropriate to me . 
  if you annex us into spain you lose bacalhau yourself . 
  totally not worth it . 
  if you want to invade us with german women with beer mugs i might reconsider though and capitulate . 
  i was jk man . 
  hopefully you still have a budget for paint and broomsticks . 
  come at me bro , i want to see you touch my speed limits !, 
  i double dare you !, 
  sneaky bastards . 
  that 's one of the most `` ungermanish '' things that can come to my mind , as i picture german people xd, 
  maybe [ all this specialists and renowned magazines ] ( https://www.google.pt/search?client=opera&amp;q=germany+leave+euro&amp;sourceid=opera&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;oe=utf-8#q=germany+leave+euro&amp;start=20 ) who agree with me ? 
  or do you prefer me to call `` bullshit '' when i can not make a point and just want to post crap ? 
  in a few years , whenever euro needs to be devalued . 
  could that lead to a rise in far right movements , like golden dawn or something of the kind ? 
  tsipras might have been right or wrong along way , but at least he had some fight in him . 
  now he looks like just a weak , defeated man . 
  this man is working very well . 
  greece should be leaving eu already and default on everything they can and the next one . 
  unfortunately this is suicide . 
  but even not being greek i ca n't stand watching an eu member being treated like rabid dog , punched , kicked , teared apart every single day . 
  otherwise , we should just expel germany from the euro . 
  no escape from reality ( yeah , i got the punchline ! ), 
  this man is an absolute lunatic . 
  i appreciate very much that we do n't have such a thing here in portugal , unless it 's children oriented shows/films . 
  everything else is subbed . 
  you 're the one talking about concentration camps . 
  are you some sort of nazi ? 
  if you have nothing to say , stay shut . 
  this . 
  voting is an act of great responsibility . 
  by voting in a guy who `` seems nice '' , you not only are throwing away a right you own but are damaging the chances of every sensible voter out there . 
  if you are going to vote , on whomever it is , do it responsibly or do n't do it at all . 
  this seriously annoys me . 
  wish i could upvote this more . 
  thanks for such a sensible and wise comment . 
  rajoy is a cancer that needs utmost remotion . 
  you are right , but a shake up is necessary . 
  i do n't mean they should win , but a high vote percentage would be a very necessary wake up call , before they can actually win or this illegal immigration madness totally derails . 
  this criminal act is literally tearing eu apart . 
  this is overwhelmingly gorgeous . 
  the ammount of non-constructive sarcasm and smartassness in this sub-reddit is just sad . 
  or jersey . 
  i wrote this half jk , but somewhere where a piece of land could be rented would be fine no ? 
  since it would have appropriate conditions . 
  we got you covered bro . 
  that 's an interesting point , i suppose you are right . 
  ursula sounds like she 's as nuts as you can get , even though i have n't read much about her , it 's the idea i got . 
  ca n't we just create a liberia style territory in africa ? 
  `` so , you need asylum . 
  you may go to the said place , no war there . '', 
  it 's not it is the first time we create a country or relocate people there . 
  and i believe it would be cheaper anyways . 
  and i somehow believe the place would n't fill up very soon . 
  it still creating jobs and offering opportunities for people with advanced formation in important areas , even though i suppose you 're right . 
  it 's not only about the product itself , it 's also and perhaps more importantly about what 's involved . 
  sure is . 
  i did n't make a choice , i 'm making an honest inquiry about comparing the said models . 
  nevertheless , i rather fortify european economy and industry for i belong to and support an european political , social and economical project . 
  besides it 's not protectionism , i 'd rather buy european but if does n't justify buy somewhere else . 
  why not buy some grippens , rafales or eurofighters ? 
  do n't know much about technicals or costs , but at least they are built in europe . 
  what do you mean by that ? 
  well , but you ca n't amend weather . 
  we win anyways xd, 
  portugal is the best country in europe to retire i believe . 
  we have everything an old person trying to live life calmly would appreciate . 
  incompetence is the usual answer . 
  oh you knew . . 
  right . 
  now tell me , did you respond to anything i wrote ? 
  you keep trying to take this discussion into : morals and russia . 
  guess what , i mentioned none of those . 
  you 're dishonest , and i do n't argue with dishonest people , for they can teach you nothing . 
  have a nice day . 
  so do you expect me to respond to your statement if you do n't care about what i write and just expect me to agree to your delusion about a black and white world ? 
  sorry pal , wrong door . 
  no you did n't , you said `` you were in bad faith '' , but not how . 
  here , us as been supporting many political movements through ngos supported by governmental money . 
  a well known example is the [ rose revolution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rose_revolution ) in georgia . 
  but is it wrong ? 
  us is pushing its interest in a small country out of it 's influence . 
  is n't it natural that they do that ? 
  i do n't know if russia is supporting european parties , but what if they do ? 
  people vote on whomever they want anyways . 
  that 's the good thing of democracy , for as flawed as it is we can defend ourselves of much nefarious agendas by voting it away . 
  obama came to television supporting no in scottish referendum . 
  now other thing is us coming to police whatever we do or not .
