  we welcome back our galician brothers , get over with that king thing and adolf rajoy , about damn time . 
  now , jk , but spain could use a prime minister thats not a true fascist at heart . 
  the idiot even tried to put pressure in our president not form a left coalition cabinet , and is giving a very poor image of spain around here . 
  i wonder why , in something thats not pure madness or a moment collective extreme drunkenness , someone would even think that russia could militarily attack an eu member state . 
  they do n't have money , their military equipment is mostly sovietic era except for some planes and it would not make sense in any political , strategical , economical , any way that i could think of . 
  it 's plain stupid . 
  even though i could understand baltic fears to an extent , as they have a large russian population in their countries , the rest is nato fearmongering , trying to assert influence in a germany dominated europe and tear russia apart from the eu . 
  theres no such thing here . 
  even dog houses are made of cement . 
  it would be very trendy though if it started to happen i guess , we will ride the wave after everyone else in europe is doing for 4 or 5 years as usual . 
  that 's an interesting point of view . 
  thats a misleading title . 
  the communist party will not be part of the government , it will be supporting , with the portuguese syriza , a minority socialist party government . 
  and we dont even know if such a thing is going happen yet . 
  hope not . 
  nevertheless , the title is not truthfull . 
  seems like a good explanation to me , thanks , 
  thing looks awesome , even though i have no idea how it works . 
  kudos to this comment . 
  this should be obvious to anyone . 
  he can not do that sort of comment , as i stressed before . 
  it is not his duty , and not something that he can do . 
  like i said in other comment , its like he advising a court not to put someone on trial because it would be bad for our commitments . 
  if he needs to dissolve the parliament , then be done with it . 
  but he can not impose , or even put pressure to abide by his ideas on the parliament , that is against the constitution as the president has to be away from these decisions in the name of the separation of powers . 
  i hope we have new elections in a year too , as paf will not be able to govern and the left will have a split up even if they form a government . 
  but until then we have to respect popular will and those represent it . 
  1 ) those who vote on protest should n't have voted in first place then . 
  vote is not an act of protest , you are giving your power to decide the future to someone who will represent you . 
  protest vote is one of most ridiculous concept thats commonplace in portuguese politics . 
  you vote for those you want to represent your will , and if you did n't want them and end up with crap everyone suffers the consequences of your lack of responsibility . 
  2 ) the president did well of course in giving paf the opportunity to form a government . 
  they won the election . 
  it was the speech that was outrageous . 
  it 's not a president duty to so . 
  he , as matter of fact , can not . 
  he can not put pressure on the elected parliament , it is against the constitution and out of his powers . 
  it 's indeed a very sad moment . 
  it 's like a court coming up and stating that `` everyone should support paf . 
  or like the prime minister saying that someone must not face a trial because it might be bad for our reputation . 
  it can not happen . 
  and can not be tolerated . 
  he should have just done his job and keep his mouth shut , as a president should in this situation . 
  i agree , that would require a large reply and reddit is not the greatest place to do so . 
  ill come to you with an answer later . 
  no , hes not . 
  and is deeply disturbing that you think he 's defending the constitution , which i believe many people are led to believe . 
  he 's defending his political views . 
  hes trying to manipulate the parliament . 
  and that 's unnaceptable , at all . 
  what costa is trying to do is very clear , but that 's a matter of morality , opinion or trust . 
  another whole different thing is the rule of law , and inherently the constitution of portuguese republic which was just stomped . 
  tell me , is there any country with a sound democracy where there are only two options to form a government ? 
  anywhere in a developed society with unbiased democratic principles people are either one thing or other with nothing else in the middle ? 
  why did you ignore the ukip issue i put up ? 
  scotish independentism is regional fenomenon where people distrust central government by itself and are not bound by political national parties , like in catalonia . 
  nevertheless , jeronimo or catarina ( sadly if it confirms ) will have more power than clegg could ever hope for . 
  nick clegg was largely irrelevant , somewhat like paulo portas in portugal but with even less power . 
  uk is an undemocratic democracy because it leaves no space for any other force to contest space in the parliament . 
  when ukip has 13 % of the votes and one mp you know something is clearly wrong . 
  that uninominal system is stuck 200 hundred years ago . 
  it was severely mismanaged and costa said explicitly we would make a coalition with the left , so it may be outright lying to the people , yes . 
  it is bordering a non democracy really . 
  that 's why they have only 2 parties in the government ever . 
  and then the parliament can just reject the said government . 
  i really hope for new election a year on from now , but the electoral system in portugal is quite poor and need serious rework . 
  there are some worse others that border a fake democracy like britain , but we need a serious update nevertheless . 
  the president expressly can not , can not , `` just say '' anything that interferes in the forming of a new government for ideological motives , he can not try to pressure elected lawmakers into turning on his party . 
  it 's just how fascism works . 
  democracy ( or this thing we call so ) , is very unperfected and political class benefits from it , they can not just call foul and trample the constitution whener it doens n't . 
  the president must apologize to every citizen in this country . 
  theres a first time for everything , its not illegal and i ca n't see anything wrong with that . 
  i do n't support this left coalition at all , but the problem here is their politics and not really in the way they are trying to form government . 
  dismissing almost half a million persons as no one is great , really . 
  portugal can never be a democracy with this kind of reasoning . 
  `` it 's what we 'd like it to be , and if it 's not it does n't exist '' . 
  which is completely legal and if the parties agree they can do it . 
  i do n't support a left coalition , but people need to stop complaining and adress that this is just the formation of a coalition like happened many times in portuguese government . 
  now , it is very undemocratic and dangerous to stop a government being formed because many people do n't like their political views . 
  like the president , in a very sad moment for the constitution , did in his speech . 
  state could just rent without having a third party involved . 
  i 've never been there , but i suppose you 're right . 
  what 's wrong is paying your tax money to a company because your state has shown solidarity enough to receive asylum seekers . 
  but i got longer in other comment here . 
  as long as granting asilum is an act of solidarity , and as matter of fact a burden do the state , financially speaking , and as so to every tax payer in the country , it seems to me that anything that is making a business out it is abusing of state and peoples solidarity to those in need . 
  this people are seeking asylum , they are not working citizens , they have no papers or permit and then certainly are not part of the rental market . 
  even they do , why should the state be overburdened with companies who charge extra on rental for those people when there must be citizens born in the country who ca n't pay and have to wait for state housing ? 
  can the state do the same for them ? 
  nevertheless , it seems an odd line of business , with moral implications that do n't fit my own moral views . 
  they are there because they need help , government and people show solidarity and get charged for it . 
  to me , it 's wrong . 
  only some movies intended for children , like disney and pixar ones , and a small amount of shows intended for the same age . 
  all the rest is subtitled . 
  my carecup remains empty as i look much better than hitler did , so it is obviously bs . 
  ai n't that unethic and some sort of exploitation , i suppose ? 
  morally , i can find some wrongdoing around this , but i speak for myself . 
  here in portugal us is widely known , we import a lot shows , films and music from there , and news give importance to events in us like natural disasters , people shooting each other , etc. 
  but aside from knowing names of cities and states there ( even more than in our neighbour spain ) , having mcdonalds in bigger towns and cities and learning english from the mass culture we receive , i do n't think we have much in common and people do n't regard america highly in comparison to countries in central and northern europe . 
  what is an asylum company ? 
  is a company who actually profits from accommodating asylum seekers , like a regular business , paid by the state ?
