  when you are dependent you do n't have interests , but a need to survive . 
  that 's way too literal , i meant economical colonization , not the actual physical thing :p, 
  i already did , but it took france coming in first and an alliance with them . 
  now , portugal is a very cool place to visit and retire , but it is very boring . 
  people do n't have money to take vacations , enjoy entertainment , culture , etc outside of home . 
  also , there is a lot of house spreading through the land , so many people are cut of from bigger communities and lack a sense of community i suppose . 
  and the cultural thing of suffering all the time because it bodes well with the neighbors of course . 
  i wonder how you understood that the migrants crisis is even a major reason , but it must have took some mental gymnastics . 
  economic reasons are various . 
  mainly , german economy is very strong . 
  portuguese , for an example , is not . 
  usually , when your economy struggles , your currency loses value . 
  in the euro , not only portuguese currency is artificially very high but german artificially very low . 
  this could be quelled to a point by a common fiscal policy , but german is profiting too much to let that even be considered . 
  and mind this , i do n't blame germany , we are getting abused by it because it 's being smarter and serving it 's interests , i believe we ( the other eu countries ) could learn much from german action and actual takeover of eu . 
  and stop it for our own interest . 
  ai n't that the same ? 
  we have great weather almost all year round , good beaches , good food , no crime , no great problems even tough people are not rich , vivid nightlife , what 's not be depressed about ? 
  france is neither as strong or has the same economical structure and mindset of germany , should it lead it would be at the very least in a different way for better or worse . 
  i do n't claim eu can be a full fledged democracy , i 've never seen such a thing anywhere . 
  but what 's happening now is colonization in our own continent . 
  then it should work as a proper union . 
  where countries decide things together for mutual benefit . 
  or not . 
  but i 'd be willing to try . 
  everyday i have a growing belief that germany needs to leave eu if we want it to survive . 
  haha , smart one . 
  this is no alliance , she 's has them by the guts , that 's why she leads . 
  indeed , she does . 
  which one ? 
  the union seems to be on a permanent crisis . 
  and on permanent summits . 
  france could get a better position if sarkozy is elected , wich is something i expect and look forward . 
  but many countries economy are ( deliberately ) in a very poor shape with no signs of improvement . 
  southern europe is on palliatives , and may lack the strength to apply necessary measures to revamp the economy . 
  that includes shaking of germany and their brutal and useless fiscal policy , which would amount to send merkel for a hike . 
  that , i believe , would have to be played with imf and us subtle support ( i 'd rather endure germany though , by a long shot . ), 
  anyways , germany has us so wrapped and politicians around here are so weak that any blackmail from berlin should work it out , greece style if needed . 
  finland and other countries are somehow in the same economic difficulty boat , but no one , except for us , is trying to point the finger at german trade balance and how it 's sucking dry the rest of the countries . 
  and germany wo n't give it up anytime on its own will . 
  so , my guess is , either every country that matters around here goes nationalist and shuts the door to europe , which is happening , countries start leaving eu , which may start to happen , and create a separate union , which i think is the best answer , or germany leaves eu , which would be the least difficult to implement i suppose , but it 's like never ever going to happen at least on german will . 
  i ca n't see how the rest of eu can isolate merkel without a raise of nationalist movements like the one that came to power in poland . 
  basically isolating itself in the process . 
  we already have a piece of that , i 'll pass the full package tough . 
  this is the most idiotic thing i read today . 
  sanctions are just a show for eastern european countries feels and us believe it bosses around germany . 
  but eu has nothing to gain from them . 
  anything that 's getting rid of rajoy is a good deal for nuestros hermanos . 
  welcome to international politics . 
  oh no , i do n't need to feel better . 
  these people are sick . 
  if it 's true that they are human in form and capability , they are truly inhuman in their lack of compassion and understanding of the world . 
  moral deviance encompasses understanding of ones own actions and the effects they produce . 
  i think this people are beyond the point of understanding , as they lack the ability to preserve their own existence , trading it for purely destructive objectives . 
  they are sick and should be put away , in a pragmatic way . 
  but , again , it 's just my opinion on the subject . 
  i understand what you mean , and would agree with you in many criminal situations , but not this one . 
  someone who 's willing to kill itself in order to kill others in name of religion is hardly a human , is a sort irrational being in my view , much like a rabid dog who happen to talk . 
  must be treated as such . 
  but of course this is my personal view and it 's very far from consensual but still . 
  this is completely reasonable . 
  here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aegean_dispute https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cyprus_dispute, 
  that 's nonsense . 
  not only people on the country must trust the government and feel secure and represented , but there are also many other strategic reasons , mainly territorial , for them not want turkish troops patrolling their borders . 
  things are not that easy by a long shot . 
  aka laundering money in plain sight . 
  do you understand the difference in the comparison you 're making ? 
  if you are serbian you should know what i meant . 
  so you ca n't follow logic other than the one you make for every answer , which is based in trying to distort what other people wrote . 
  no business for me here . 
  have a happy life . 
  i do n't know whats your problem , but this talk is not about propping up or having `` so much pride '' , it 's about not humiliating people who are facing very harsh times already . 
  loads of outside support ? 
  ouch ? 
  i do n't know where you are from , but the world hardly can pay what greece gave it since antiquity . 
  greece has been one of the most developed countries in the world for millenniums , and the father of modern civilization . 
  your bigotry is a shame for yourself . 
  what you 're showing is a lack of knowledge on how things work in reality . 
  countries are not similar to individuals , and you ca n't treat them like so . 
  for someone who despised the weimar republic example , you end up putting it clearly on your comment . 
  do you understand why hitler rose to power after being despised and arrested ? 
  do you understand why front national is ahead in france or why syriza got elected even ? 
  pride is a source of balance for a society . 
  when you lend money to a democratic country , or expect reparations , you must treat it well and respect it . 
  otherwise , when election time comes , it will say in your face , well , too bad , we do n't like the terms . 
  come and make us pay . 
  greece was weak enough to fold . 
  germany was n't and went to war . 
  countries are not friends and are not bound by moral and social relations . 
  they are bound by mutual interest or the lack of it . 
  greek people want to be happy . 
  if they need the rest of the world to fuck itself for it , they will try if pushed enough . 
  well said . 
  sure , because using irony will make greek people very happy with their shred economy and lack autonomy to decide anything for their own . 
  i do n't know about that , but remember what happened with the versailles treaty and weimar republic . 
  i believe you did n't understand my post . 
  anyways , crushing the pride of a nation is the easiest road to get it into political extremism . 
  pride has to be taken into account all the time . 
  sure , i suppose the idea is to avoid the things we had in the past . 
  in portugal we have nothing like a fascist party , even though we have seen many dangerous inroads through the eu into controlling liberty and general freedom from mainstream parties .
