  russian media will deny it , but it lies as much as our media here . 
  it is as much true as saying russia invaded ukraine then . 
  un could never negotiate anything and us of course knows it . 
  i do believe it was a us sponsored coup , and the media campaign of the time is something i think was orchestrated to put pressure on yanukovich . 
  anyways , it is not really that much important if the us started or did just support the coup . 
  thing is it happened . 
  i would agree if it was n't common practice to invade other countries , even on other continents . 
  anyways , blaming is worthless , we could be blaming us for invading a number of countries but what matters in the end is effective power to act and sustain the chosen course of action . 
  i understand russia action and i think they did well in what is their interest . 
  as i understand us toppling the former puppet and putting their own puppet there . 
  just business as usual . 
  when i say russia is not going anywhere , i mean she is staying in its place , as it has been for centuries . 
  so it is better to work towards peaceful or even good , as in business for example , coexistence if possible . 
  nato drills and maneuvering will not help that . 
  i mean ukraine is ( was ) to russia like canada is to us in importance . 
  your words speak for yourself on how important canada is . 
  it 's not a twenty year old fear indeed , it extends for centuries of russian imperialism . 
  anyway , ukraine is a different situation than those of the baltics as it is much more important and close to russian interests than any baltic state . 
  like a canada to us . 
  i understand that . 
  thats what i tried to imply in my comment , also that nato flooding baltic and eastern countries with soldiers is not a solution , as russia is not going anywhere . 
  hahaha , logic is a though customer heh . 
  have a good evening . 
  really ? 
  your first paragraph says it all . 
  huh russia has troops on ukraine , so bad , nato does n't invade everyone , so good . 
  i had a laugh out of that , thanks . 
  look , i understand your view , but have a broader sense of power play , as russia is entitled to deploy troops as much as nato to defend its interests . 
  and look , suffering or hardship is somewhat everyone has to endure to evolve sometime in their history . 
  hope not , but it happens . 
  war kills and destroys very definitively countries like lybia , and all to endure financial and political interests . 
  be it started by anyone . 
  well , better have a voice of good sense and logic then i suppose . 
  but people are very emotional everywhere , be here or out in the street it 's hard to find leveled toughts . 
  yes , russia has been a source of invasion for like many years , sure . 
  they invaded a whole lot of american countries , asian as much and africa has seen a whole lot of them . 
  look , nato is profiting on the communist terror those countries have , and how russian power crushed them far behind . 
  their fears are stuck in the cold war , and us is not hesitant in playing those for their benefit . 
  meanwhile , western countries grow weary of us and nato presence , but they see it as cheap military presence . 
  yes , because bombing yugoslavia and reaping kosovo , puting poroshenko as a puppet in russia heart of influence is clearly a sign of invitation and russia expansion . 
  you are certainly a demagogic one , but you see , your twisted morals are irrelevant as effective power is the real matter . 
  well , russia invading ukraine ai n't a bombastic , emotional comment ? 
  even though , as i did use an exaggeration , stating that many are not invaded does n't invalidate that many actually do . 
  and one country destroyed , like iraq or lybia , is too much . 
  people do suffer , even it is across the pond and only appears on tv sometimes . 
  hah , thats bs and you know it . 
  nato has been constantly expanding , not russia . 
  thats a good reply . 
  russia army is big , but they can not sustain a big scale war because their economy would collapse . 
  literally . 
  their gdp is the size of italy 's . 
  and their weaponry is lousy anyways . 
  anyways , they would get no territory , and would take such a blast that they would be thrown decades behind , in economical and military sense . 
  besides that , nuclear weapons have been and still are the greatest deterrence for such a foolish action . 
  even though putin is jingoistic , as you say , he is not stupid . 
  ukraine has a massive importance for russia , namely the crimea naval bases . 
  poroshenko is a nato toy ( as former president was a russian toy ) in what is deep russian sphere of influence . 
  loosing ukraine to nato is like canada or mexico going communist and support russia . 
  and would n't us act in such a situation ? 
  they have done dozens of times and would do so again . 
  and it would be justified . 
  they are strong they defend their interests . 
  just like russia did . 
  europe is in a difficult situation . 
  let 's play out morals , as it 's not important in international relations . 
  germany , which de facto represents europe , understands russian intervention . 
  as eu do . 
  it would be stranger if they did n't intervene , like what happened to serbia in the 90s . 
  russia inaction did hurt the country reputation internationally , it looked weak and unable to do anything for its allies . 
  and that situation did certainly contribute to putin 's rise . 
  now , russia , as a great military and geopolitical power , wants to reestablish again in world geopolitics . 
  nato , and namely us , are not willing on giving them the space to do so . 
  meanwhile , germany has its own agenda of creating an unified eu under its economic and political domination . 
  and for that , nato is a way bigger threat than russia . 
  us is aware of germany , and germany does n't want any more nato bases in it 's soil . 
  it does n't even believe that military build up is necessary . 
  on the other hand , baltic and former soviet satellite states feel threatened by ukrainian situation , and rightfully . 
  now , germany has concede nato buildup in those countries for now , otherwise it would be accused of helping russia and not acting in eus interests . 
  but sooner than later talks will beggin on ukrainian situation , as soon as poroshenko goes and someone who can actually think comes to the scene . 
  as a matter of fact , i even believe that this whole russian crisis was created more to affect eu and germany than russia itself . 
  merkel and putin sure would do good business specially in energy and machinery , as russia needs seriously to diversify and modernize it 's economy . 
  germany would be a great natural partner . 
  sanctions are virtually worthless , as germany bypasses them . 
  it 's just lip service . 
  no hard feelings between partners there , and are even working behind the scenes to create nord stream 2 . 
  us is feeling left behind and is working hard to destroy such a cooperation , forcing ttip and tpp to try and isolate its foes , creating a ring of failed states around eu , and instigating trouble between china and it 's neighbours . 
  this is a long post , but the main line of the last paragraph is it 's not mainly about ukraine and russia threat and whatnot , it 's about geopolitical dominance , spheres of influence and self interest , as it always has been . 
  we will listen to a lot of appeals to emotions and whats morally right or wrong , but it in the end of the day what matters is power . 
  even though i understand the position of everyone , my choice will always be to favor eu and whatever is best for it . 
  russia has every right to feel threatened and build up militarily , as nato is right on their borders . 
  if russia builds up , then baltic states build up . 
  and then everybody builds , and then we have a cold war . 
  that makes no sense . 
  russia will not do anything not because it does n't want any more territories , but because it is stupid and would n't be one bit of a good deal for them . 
  europe has a different dynamics than american politics . 
  you see , russia is going nowhere . 
  neither does westernized europe , being that eu mainly . 
  military build ups will only benefit defense contractors , as europe needs to cooperate with russia to defend mutual long term interests and assure baltics states of their sovereignty anyways , sooner or later . 
  should russia be stationing troops in iran then ? 
  as nato is clearly in invading anything that does n't fit their line of political thought .
