  i believe this the least of eus problems , our greater issues are more dangerous and surreptitious than outright fascism . 
  this is in our political party law and translates as : article 8 to safeguard our constitutional democratic order , armed , military , militarized or paramilitary type , racist or fascist parties are not allowed . 
  i did n't mean you are enemies , but denying there are several historic and actual issues between both peoples and that make for long strained relations and mutual distrust is no secret . 
  would you ask japan to guard korean coast ? 
  would ask russia to guard us coast ? 
  you would n't and neither do greeks . 
  this is putting the pride of the greek people to shambles and embarrass them . 
  that would be totally inconstitutional , there 's a ban on extremist parties like everywhere else in europe , but nothing like that . 
  we even have the communist party , euroceptic , supporting the actual government . 
  and a soviet style hardcore communist party , mrpp , whose one of the campaigning points is bringing back the escudo , our former currency . 
  now , there 's a lot of media pressure and fearmongering around to avoid going out of establishment , even this left coalition faced some prejudice . 
  we have no party like fn tough , our rightest meaningfull party is center-right . 
  i hope he gets severe public backlash for such a populist fearmongering . 
  this seems to be widespread trough eu countries tough , anything that defies political establishment is demonized until it 's dead and buried under a ton of prejudice . 
  ah , i 'm not that familiar with german social issues or internal policy . 
  the center-right government fell as this left coalition voted them out of office . 
  as fragile as this left pact is , it just takes any serious economical or social disagreement for it to dissolve . 
  even eu rulings can trigger such an event i believe , but we have to wait and see . 
  merkel is responsible for the germans . 
  if she can use eu for german profit , she will . 
  of course i disapprove of that as a portuguese , if i was german tough would be satisfied with her leadership except for the mess i mentioned . 
  hollande is a spineless puppet , bowing to germany or to the us whenever it serves him . 
  but anyways , merkel did n't bother much about it . 
  worse would be for renzi who is a neolib good boy , if she did n't get appointed obama would slap him in the back . 
  in portugal the left , who never got together for anything for over 40 years , decided after this years election to take over the government . 
  thing is they have a lot of divergences between them ( a communist party , a `` syriza '' , and socialist one ) and the coalition is very fragile . 
  some claim it was just a coup to take power from the right coalition which must be true . 
  anyway , i just hope it falls and we get elections next year . 
  she did n't oppose her nomination as far as i can recall . 
  look , i do n't care for parties . 
  good choices for eu , for me , are capable people who can do well for my country and my people and a working union . 
  merkel is doing a great job for germans , except for this refugee mess . 
  when you think politics , you need to be rational , and let your emotions aside . 
  some claim that 's not true because it 's not in the rules , others because of it 's not not how politics work , others try to ridicule it away because politics are hard to understand . 
  money and power is what matters , for the better or worse . 
  being politically naive is what brought us to this mess in the first place . 
  not your fault though . 
  yeah , sure . 
  europe is a democracy heaven and every country votes without any pressure in a friendly environment , where germany is just a partner between equals . 
  by incident , a germany chosen candidate and german mouthpiece in eu came to be elected . 
  happens . 
  i rest assured that a germany appointed bureaucrat can truly represent my interests . 
  that idea , or way of foreign approach , goes beyond the soviet rule . 
  nevertheless , they are not alone in the said policy . 
  i do n't really know what city would actually be the poorest . 
  real cities i mean , valpa\u00e7os is a small town . 
  maybe something in south margin of the tagus . 
  came here for this . 
  not disappointed . 
  change balkan or macedonia with portugal and it would fit much more than i would like to . 
  specially in a country that is an eu member for almost 30 years now . 
  like in the balkans , people here graduate to work in a supermarket ( if they get a job at all ) , or just go to unemployment to receive formation in something useless more often than not . 
  others just go abroad , many many others , dozens of thousands of educated people are leaving this hopeless country . 
  i sadly connect too much with this article , and empathize with balkanic young people . 
  i was just teasing our spanish brothers , but i meant it when i said spanish coffee is n't much of a deal . 
  i can confirm portugal has good expresso indeed , and so i 've heard about italy and , rather strangely , bosnia as having also good expresso , do n't know if its actually true . 
  well , we do n't have much of a natural beauty like the picture , but i agree we have lots of things that can be somewhat easily improved but we are stuck in a. . . inertial lack of ability to do some things , we even have good ideas but somehow they just die when the time to apply them comes . 
  since when there 's coffee in spain ? 
  in cities and places with a decent amount of population it 's good overall as long as my experience goes . 
  i do n't think it would be as good in more isolated places though . 
  flag is nice , and has a cool story behind it , as the national anthem do . 
  it is , if you live here enough time haha . 
  well , the general idea is bringing in people to spend money on houses and regular consuming , and that would make up for the loss on tax . 
  i mean , there are places , not even in common tourist destinations , where expat retirees are as many as the locals . 
  that 's quite good as it creates jobs and boosts local economy . 
  you see , there 's even a government program , named `` golden visa '' , in which if you invest more than a given sum ( five hundred thousand in property or a million in financial investment i believe ) , you get a portuguese visa , which allows to come here and freely circulate around europe for the duration . 
  that sums up portuguese line of thought and the situation we 're in quite accurately i suppose , haha . 
  speaking for myself , i 'd rather have the right wing coalition in government , even though i do n't believe they will solve anything at least they could keep the boat sailing for a while until something better could appear ( or not , most likely ) . 
  yes , 1000 sounds about just enough to have a good life , with traveling around , eating out and entertaining yourself , even though i believe those coming here have higher earnings . 
  it 's not impossible to earn that much by all means , but it 's not for everyone also , you need to be have a nice , skilled job for such a wage . 
  the average for someone starting in the work market now would be around 600 i suppose , liquid with benefits and everything . 
  actually , many foreigners are coming to retire here , they benefit from the said advantages plus tax benefits . 
  around here , many older germans , english , dutch , etc are buying houses to enjoy a calm life . 
  portugal is a good place to retire . 
  good food , sun all the time , almost everything is cheap and nothing really happens ever . 
  if you want somewhere warm , welcoming , easy to live in and boring welcome aboard !, 
  well , you sow protest votes , then reap this kind of thing . 
  lesson is , vote for the ones you think are worth your vote , not against those you do n't want to govern . 
  well , they do . 
  are sanctions being actually enforced ? 
  is germany willing to let more us troops being stationed in europe or building nato bases in poland ? 
  is anyone important claiming russia should return crimea ? 
  i do n't see that . 
  actually it seems more ok than i 'd suppose , not even much of a sideshow of complaining . 
  russia and ukraine history goes for way longer than 200 years . 
  you 're blind trying to be right but missing the point . 
  all you say is true , but i speak of geostrategical importance . 
  that stays . 
  the rest , friendship and alliances , come and go as necessity and circumstances change . 
  and 200 years is not that long in european time . 
  so what ? 
  even if you 're right , are they the bad guys for that ? 
  are us bad for embargoing cuba ? 
  nato for making lybia a failed state ? 
  they do n't care . 
  they act in their interests . 
  no good guys here . 
  as stated before , i believe russian actions are justified , and so seem to think eu . 
  i agree they are . 
  but there are no actual proofs on that , so it is debatable .
