one of my guesses would be because russia has about a dozen nations along its vast borders . 
  any resources that could potentially go to economic/civilian infrastructure goes towards military and intelligence instead . 
  canada can afford to allocate only 1 % of their gdp towards military spending because it only has one neighbor who will pretty much garuantee that a north american invasion will never happen , whereas russia spends 3-4 % of their gdp on military . 
  the geopolitics is n't in their favor the same way it is for canada in terms of security . 
  nope , the disney princesses are our royal family , ironically one we took from european cultures , commercialized the shit out of it , and then sold it back to you . 
  nonsense !, 
  london and new york have the top alpha + + global cities ranking , the only two in the world . 
  and we 're freakishly obsessed with your books and movies and music artists . 
  haha yeah now that i think about it i 'm struggling to remember if it was presented as a fact or a joke by my teacher . 
  perhaps someone french or canadian can clarify ? 
  i remember learning in history class that france chose to colonize the area that is now canada because they thought at similar latitudes the climate would be about the same . 
  that did n't turn out as expected . 
  hetalia 's version of poland is a guy who comes across as a perky , airheaded , kinky , cross-dressing valley girl to me ... which does n't fit any of my preconceptions of polish stereotypes at all ( which admittedly has to do with alcoholism , somber soviet music , and low wages ) . 
  i have no idea where the creator gets the idea that poles are ditzy and strange . 
  perhaps a weird news article was popular in japan , or is he actually generally correct ? 
  cool , thanks for responding too so i could clear it up , 
  you 're right , i mean to say that people who * do * have rose-colored glasses of the us gets it from somewhere . 
  my parents were immigrants from the philippines and i have relatives in the philippines that think the us is all large houses and green lawns and an easy life . 
  there are people who believe in the american dream . 
  typical hollywood movies can be grim , but they still feature mostly white actors and have a lot of sex , violence , glamor , and patriotism in them which fuels a lot of american stereotypes . 
  other tv and movies , like teen dramas and sitcoms , still mainly feature suburban middle and upper middle class folks . 
  i 'm not saying that foreigners are ignorant of the dark side of america , just making a point to the person i responded to that misconceptions of america having a powerful single culture/government/etc . 
  is n't necessarily the result of someone being deliberately stupid . 
  they just formed those opinions because of the conditions they got their information . 
   this list is incomplete ; you can help by expanding it . 
  this kind of stuff may be obvious living inside the us for several years , but a foreigner only sees what we export , the `` brand '' if you will . 
  hollywood rarely depicts multiculturalism , social diversity , poverty , etc that happens in daily life . 
  the us military consciously brands itself by doing flyovers and allowing producers to borrow military equipment for movies if it depicts them in a positive way . 
  america is like a person in a way : has lots problems of inside , but they want to project a clean , idealistic image outwardly . 
  if other people buy into it , well , that 's pretty much the point . 
  as an american i am ashamed that you know more about bbq than i do !, 
  i looked up wikipedia and you are right , apparently `` barbecuing '' in the uk is what we call `` grilling '' in the us ( fast cook over high heat ) , whereas us `` barbecuing '' refers specifically to a slow cook over smoke . 
  another weird chips/crisps/fries language difference i guess . 
  america definitely did not invent smoking or grilling meat , but it does have its own unique cultural contribution to the catalogue of world cuisine that is worthy of recognition , methinks . 
  ( though i 'm gon na be a traitor here and say that korean bbq is definitely the best ), 
  as i mentioned , `` least '' is the key word . 
  it 's nearly impossible for humans to obtain energy without some form of suffering since we 're so high up on the food chain . 
  that 's important to remember . 
  photosynthesis is biologically not an option for us human beings . 
  veganism * minimizes * , not eradicates , suffering . 
  ethically sourced food is a luxury these days , so it 's dependent on the vegan if they can or can not afford plants that have been sprayed with pesticides . 
  there is a diet called pescetarianism , and those people are basically vegetarians that do n't eat meat but eat fish . 
  wikipedia describes their ethics as `` a transition to vegetarianism , not treating fish on the same moral level as other animals , or as a compromise to obtain nutrients not found in plants . '', 
  i 'm not here to argue for a particular point of view , just give some insight into different diets and why people would choose it . 
  i 'm not vegan , but far as we know plants do n't have a complex nervous system that feels pain the same way animals do . 
  in any case , it is the diet that aims for the * least * amount of suffering , `` least '' being the key word here . 
  i have heard of a strict form of veganism where they do n't eat anything that would kill the main plant itself . 
  not sure what you mean about them killing bees though , never heard of that as a tenet of veganism before . 
  well since r/europe has been chummy with mexico lately perhaps you could send tequila my way :(, 
  so what 's the american equivalent of losing marmite and toblerone ? 
  seriously , the remain and pro-clinton camps need to create a support group here . 
  yeah !, 
  we use ranch dressing on our pizza instead !, 
  i did n't downvote any of your posts either , but for what it 's worth have some up votes from me , 
  ok , i think i may have misunderstood the intent of your other comment . 
  here 's one from the [ journal of marriage and family ] ( http://www.squareonemd.com/pdf/does%20the%20gender%20of%20parents%20matter%202010.pdf ) and an additional one from [ ucla ] ( http://williamsinstitute.law.ucla.edu/wp-content/uploads/lgb-parent-families-july-2014.pdf ) . 
  from the first link :  a vast body of research indicates that , other things being equal ( which they rarely are ) , two compatible parents provide advantages for children over single parents . 
  this appears to be true irrespective of parental gender , marital status , sexual identity , or biogenetic status . 
  most reviews of this research , however , conflate the number of parents with the other four variables ( amato , 2005 ; glenn et al. , 2002 ; popenoe , 1996 ) . 
  thus , to be true to the best scientific evidence , one should say : compared to all other family forms , families headed by ( at least ) two committed , compatible parents are generally best for children . 
  the journal is an especially long but interesting read on family dynamics with parents that have straight , single , lesbian , and gay parents . 
  there 's a lot of info on impression of parental gender roles on children , but the study ultimately concluded that the gender of parents has minor significance in the child 's success . 
  ( interestingly enough , the study also suggests that women outperform men on parenting , with two female parents having a better outcome than one male-one female parents . 
  but all-in-all , not that significant of a difference ) of course , you may disagree with the study 's outcomes , that 's fine . 
  i 'm not in the mood to dig through more papers and have a lengthy scientific discussion , so i respectfully end my part in this conversation . 
  but a gay couple is not equivalent to a single parent , because a gay couple will likely have more income than a single parent , and economic status is probably the biggest deciding factor in outcome of the child . 
  income trickles down to : neighborhood , school , nutrition , medical care , vacation time , internet access , college education , etc. 
  whatever effect the gender of the parents has on children , it pales in comparison to the effect of a dual income household . 
  yes , although they are both very conservative in religion and politics , their roles are non-traditional . 
  my mother is the primary breadwinner and is strict , and my father is the gentle one who cooks for the family . 
  they 've negotiated their roles based on their skills , education , and personality . 
  now , my point is the dynamics of a gay parent family * will * be different from a straight parent family , but it wo n't be so extreme because gender roles in modern society are increasingly negotiated and overlapped . 
  and as i mentioned before , income and availability of time probably has far more effect on the child 's outcome than anything else . 
  adoption is a lengthy and expensive process , so the gay couple will be moneyed anyway . 
  effect of gender of the parents , whether if there 's any and if it 's positive or negative , would probably rank pretty low compared to economic status . 
  i 'd be hard-pressed to believe single parent families produce better outcomes than gay couples family . 
  do we really have all that data though ? 
  well , of course we have proof that children in two-parent families have better outcomes than single parent families , but gay two-parent families are a pretty recent thing . 
  i 'm inclined to believe that families with two parents , regardless of their gender , will still have better outcomes than single parent families due to income , more time available for the child , etc. 
  saying who gets the right to create a family because of sub-par outcomes seems unfair anyway . 
  might as well not let poor people and minorities reproduce . 
  the women won 27 gold compared to the men 's 19 . 
  very impressive !, 
  there 's a difference between social change coming from the public or movements within the group , vs the government , an external authority , coercing social change . 
  i came from a conservative religion with dress standards ( not nearly strict as islam though ) , and feminists within the church are trying to change attitudes while traditionalists are pushing back . 
  the government in this situation does n't have the authority to pick a side , it 's up to the church to sort out how they want to present themselves in public . 
  it respects their freedom of religion and freedom of choice . 
  that being said , i * do * think there are some situations where the government should interfere with religion , but modesty standards are not one of them . 
  they do n't ( or should n't ) have the power to do so . 
  most terrorist attacks are mass shootings , but not all mass shootings are terrorist attacks . 
  according to [ this analysis ] ( http://everytownresearch.org/reports/mass-shootings-analysis/ ) based off of fbi data , over half of mass shootings are related to domestic or family violence , and 71 % of shootings take place wholly in private residences . 
  still grim numbers i admit , but again , the huge majority of mass shootings in the us do not take place in the public sphere nor are they related to terrorism . 
  you usually find that kind of food at state fairs ( deep fried oreos , deep fried mac and cheese , deep fried cola , deep fried everything ) . 
  deep fried oreos taste just like a donut with a soft cookie filling . 
  damn good . 
  it 's on us netflix too, 
  i knew obama and trudeau were on good terms , but i had no idea they were so chummy with each other . 
  i google image searched `` obama trudeau '' and some of the pictures look downright homoerotic , goodness . 
  ah i see , i partly concede my point . 
  though now i 'm a bit confused what 's the difference between sunshine duration and daylight duration and how `` northwestern europe ... are examples of cool , cloudy , wet climates where sunshine duration values are very low '' and `` places on the arctic circle have the longest total annual daytime , 4,647 hours '' can both be true statements at the same time .
