  they are just buildings with tall walls that you would n't even know they are prisons unless someone tells you about . 
  in soviet russia the internet watches you !, 
  when someone does n't want to listen to reason you wait for reality to smack his head . 
  the important part is to help him once he gets back common sense . 
  a lesson builds character . 
  building a house costs money , a lot of money . 
  unless you have 100-300k euro you wo n't be able to afford one , regardless if there is a market collapse or not . 
  the banks will size them and sit on them for 5 years to ride the low prices out , after that it 's business as usual . 
  i think you have to sit down in silence and ponder over your own choice . 
  did russia like you on facebook ? 
  c'mon , he hated everyone in the same way . 
  depends how hot it is . 
  eh , you ca n't predict the future in a linear fashion . 
  things changes dramatically quite often . 
  for booze and hookers is still ok right ? 
  do n't start the me vs you debate . 
  we need to balance the need of business and the need of people . 
  ~ 5 % it 's good for both . 
  that 's called progress from where i come . 
   i mean , who wants to do physically hard jobs for minimum wage ? 
  yeah , once you go under 5 % it 's hard for companies to find good workers without paying a lot for wages . 
  at least i was not a racist . 
  -- stalin probably , 
  yap , and we are near the 100th anniversary . 
  eh ... wanted to make a joke how the italian front collapsed on kobarid ( caporetto ) and it went back all the way to monte grappa . 
  yap , the italians come all the way to slovenia to invite the austrians to join them on monte grappa . 
  yeah , some names sound so weird in your local language phonetic that you need to pick another name . 
  obligatory fantozzi : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etrshtctndo, 
  udine = videm venezia = benetke napoli = neapelj as for the other way around : koper : capodistria ljubljana = lubiana pula = pola ... 
  you make your own damn drug !, 
  brew alcohol , grow pot , ... just remember , if it 's natural it 's good for you . 
  who knew that decriminalizing drugs has a positive effect . 
  sure , but the tariffs affects the final price and those goods might not be as interesting as before , especially if the eu wants to subsidize local companies that want and are able to take over the gap left by the uk . 
  oh , it is up to the eu , this is why you need a trade deal to sell goods around the world . 
  as i said , it all depends on how the loans are used . 
  without this info , any debate is pointless . 
  sure , they can sell to the eu , but only on the approved goods and quotas . 
  once the uk leaves , the eu will have to rebalance the need for different goods in order to promote the internal production first . 
  yuuge deal , believe me !, 
  it 's not , the manufacturing sector still produces and sells stuff to the eu . 
  when brexit triggers the manufacturing sector will need to make new deals and product legislation for new markets . 
  unless the are really hard working and smart about it , it will be a shitshow of epic proportions . 
  ... and as you pointed out the eu has no incentive to solve the issue . 
  so , you triggered it and now you solve it . 
  the sooner you realize it 's all on you the better . 
  good luck ( in a non sarcastic way ) . 
  this number per se it 's neither good or bad . 
  it really depends how you use your debt . 
  did you bought a house and now do n't have to pay the rent ? 
  good . 
  did you bought a fancy car ? 
  bad . 
  i have no idea how this sociopath think or the logic behind their action . 
  politicians that cares only about the votes they recieve and do n't give any fuck about the population . 
  lying , trolling , ... everything to get elected . 
  lol , for uk . 
  they are the ones that regularly fucks like animals in the near bush every time they get wasted on vacation ( it 's every night ) . 
  i think the uk went to the pub , blacked out , sent an sms to the eu and woke up the next morning unable to tell what it did the night before . 
  ... well , then can take off the thong for a start . 
  ... and this countries will just let them lose and they will go back to germany ( and caught again in austria ) . 
  unless we all agree on what and how to solve this issue the problem will just keep circling around . 
  it 's the weather , it calms you down . 
  you just sit on the porch and stare at the beauty of nature . 
  give me back my legions !, 
  we do n't give a shit , because life is beautiful . 
  or people with a choice do n't want to perform physically tough jobs for a low pay . 
  remove the immigrants and the costs of local workforce will be transferred to the companies and later to the customers . 
  istria never goes back !, 
  once we split , we never go back to our ex . 
  barbarians and vandals, 
  ahhh , this is why the swiss do n't have their own language . 
  as someone who lives near the slovenian-italian border i can tell you that here the number of different dialects is incredible . 
  some are so different that it 's very hard to understand and it 's valid for both italy and slovenia . 
  i always assumed it was the same everywhere , since i was here most of my life , but i start to realize it 's not . 
  to change the law we all need to agree on the issue . 
  right now we agree on very few points . 
  i thought brno was the capital . 
  we can , but we do n't . 
  why ? 
  because we would break the rule of law . 
  it 's more rural and we have less variety for sure , but the ingredients are high quality . 
  on the other side we get the influence of all the different cultures around us and it shows in the food we cook . 
  no really , hitler was not elected head of the state , he weaseled in using politics . 
  like this polish assholes . 
  overrated . 
  come to istria . 
  besides , this is where italians that want to treat himself comes . 
  go to tripadvisor , write istria , click restaurants and enjoy . 
  \\* gesticulates with hands \\*, 
  ... and do n't even go check what they do on islands . 
  whole family runs the restaurant . 
  but if you check the record , it 's only 1 that is owning it and running it . 
  of course without any profit , while all the family members take state subsidies because they are unemployed . 
  who , the bots ? 
  ... and this is why you need senior security sysadmins . 
  but fuck the it right ? 
  after all it 's just a money sink . 
  unless this incident costs someone money and the career nothing will improve . 
  and i do n't mean the intern who will be blamed , but the management that decided that getting underpaid staff was the way to go . 
  no no no , we established on your first response that we agree and now we are best buddies and we will always agree on everything .
