he dead . 
  how so ? 
  you live in one of the safest zone on earth . 
  i vehemently disagree with you . 
  you can not use this argument in abortion . 
  because having a kid will affect a women life . 
  and a person must have the freedom of choice regarding his life . 
  it 's very problematic when it 's a contest of who shouts the loudest . 
  and the ai will make it even more problematic . 
  where is your pot of gold !, 
  until 2020 for existing companies . 
  stupid china , they did n't get the memo that they were supposed to do only negative stuff . 
  it has a roman decadence vibe to it . 
  i love it . 
  if i wanted to impress you i 'd offer goat cheese with truffles and some cured ham . 
  so if i wanted to visit russia instead of bringing money i should come with cheese ? 
  you can find excellent cheese all over europe . 
   just like in every other election the ruskies have been accused of meddling i replied to this statement . 
  as for the uk , nothing yet to back up my claims . 
  so the us sanctions were made without just cause ? 
  i see you do n't speak serbian . 
  take it slowly . 
  the referendum should have been a probe in what people want in the future . 
  once the will of the people is known , sit down and study a plan on how to achieve it . 
  next present different plans to the people , with bonuses and maluses clear so they can choose rationally . 
  you do n't follow me . 
  i 'm not going to argue if you wanted to leave the eu or not . 
  because i do n't know . 
  besides , it 's not my place to judge . 
  what i 'm arguing is : the way you choose to do it , is utterly stupid , too stupid for a nation like yours . 
  that 's not a sentiment i 'd argue for or against . 
  what i ca n't understand is the way you choose to do it . 
  put a burka on the turtle head and you will be fine . 
  yes , and they fine you in nickels . 
  putin bots . 
  i 'll be shocked if russia was not involved in brexit . 
  studies shows that child whose mother is older ( 35 ) will develop a higher iq . 
  only two thing to do in norway . 
  fishing and fucking . 
  and fishing is bad in winter . 
  come come  most of the tourists are italians so you will feel at home . 
  3-4 years ago ? 
  not really sure . 
  but then again i 'm biased , i do n't like a single big city . 
   i love small towns ( 10-20k people ) with a view on the sea and surrounded in green . 
  i was there few times ( work related ) and i hate the place . 
  traffic , smog and dirty . 
  on the other side i 'm a person who loves small villages in the green and italy is full of this beatiful places . 
  ... as is tradition . 
  true , healthy people stay healthy until the day they drop dead . 
  prepare to be outraged !, 
  i do n't read the eula and click agree . 
  no , the taxes should be the same for everyone , regardless if you are a private , a small company or an international corporation . 
  failure to do so would give the bigger players even more advantages . 
  but aids are good , they help you . 
  do n't ! , just do n't !, 
  a bear will eat anything and if they are in the mood one swift movement will dismember you . 
  pick them up and drop them in front of the parliament . 
  maybe they changed their policy ? 
  i did get a pop-up regarding ad-block , but there was an option to say `` ok '' and move on . 
  the politicians/lawmaker needs to step up their game . 
  the profits they make in eu must be taxed . 
  because otherwise they have an unfair advantage to those companies that do n't dodge taxes . 
  it did work for me and the photos are awe inspiring . 
  lol , the root of the issue is the 51 % needed to trigger an important decision like that . 
  it does n't matter who is right or who is wrong , when half the people do n't agree with you it 's going to be a shitshow . 
  listening to both sides is always crucial and it 's very important that the side you do n't agree with is speaking the truth . 
  divide and conquer . 
  politicians are n't going to say we will remove the benefits from the poor to give more tax break to the rich friends . 
  they ai n't gon na be elected with that message . 
  instead they push for things that divide people . 
  of course they do n't do jack shit on those issues , but push forward legislations that helps them . 
  i just google it . 
  i 'm amazed . 
  i 'd also add https://www.theguardian.com to the list . 
  every big corporation is doing it . 
  overthrown canada and let the eskimo run freee !, 
  yeah , the peasants are now demanding free health care . 
  - republicans . 
  why any sane person would opt to go on vacation in the middle of summer when it 's hot and humid as hell , the traffic is congested and everything is full of tourists ? 
  come to southern europe in early/mid september when the weather is beautiful , the horde of tourists are gone , traffic is manageable and the accommodation prices are more reasonable . 
  they are not human . 
  if they can eat a 2 week old carcass i think they are more then fine drinking this water . 
  it 's a hyperbole . 
  since we have the alps in the north , water is always running in slovenia . 
  you do realize that bears eat and drink anything ? 
  including but not limited to carcasses old several days . 
  so you can raise a soulless chubby red hairy army ? 
  stop dying your hair ? 
  out patch of the adriatic sea often hot like that in some days of summer . 
  the current is very weak at the end of it and the lack of strong wind ( burja / bora ) for too much time make the sea a soup . 
  ah , this is why the uk politicians are so divided on the issue . 
  they are practicing their masterplan !, 
  so the plan is to eat all the drugs you can find before entering the negotiations ? 
  a bald move , i 'll give you that . 
  read this https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/you_can%27t_have_your_cake_and_eat_it, 
  no no , you should pick one side and defend it fanatically . 
  they should watch less tv and go for a walk near an existing prison . 
  i bet they would n't know how to spot one even if they were 5m away . 
  what 's up with the stigma of having a prison in your town ?
