  also , send me who you hate so we can synchronize . 
  ... and in the process they pick up a sanction after another weakening their already weak economy . 
  all without any major bloodshed in eu . 
  glad is not only us who gets mixed . 
  good . 
  yap , budapest is the capital of porn . 
  and since i was there twice i can understand why . 
  oh yes , throw more soldier at the problem to make everything much better for the local population . 
  there is nothing better then a proxy war to stimulate the local quality of living . 
  slovakia can into the adriatic !, 
  why ? 
  insurance fraud ? 
  beautiful . 
  i love small towns immersed in green nature . 
  ... stays in slovakia !, 
  our economy is export based , so a financial healthy eu helps us a lot . 
  potica !!!!, 
  why do you throw salt around ? 
  yeah , my grandmother sister used to milk cows and boil the milk . 
  that thing was nasty for my spoiled taste . 
  when i was a child , home/farm made milk was a thing . 
  but i 'm so used to uht milk that i could n't enjoy it . 
  military , of course they are from the poor and lower middle class . 
  the first few hours ( 1 and 2 ) it 's when your system removes most of the alcohol . 
  so i 'd say 1-2 hours and drink water to clean your mouth , throat and stomach . 
  or you can do it like this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zy5k7afqw6y, 
  that 's some '90 nostalgia right there . 
  but do n't try to go to moscow , one tank is not enough . 
  with those shoes ? 
  makes you wonder how google.com is changing everything . 
  when all the knowledge of this world is one click away and the education system still promotes parroting . 
  hvala, 
  sometimes when you bother has a retarded idea it 's good to smack his head . 
  oki , thanks . 
  but still , we have more `` equal '' wages at the expense of those that could earn a tad more . 
  this is why in slovenia a lot of people go the professional independent route . 
  but you need to work a lot more , so it 's not the ideal solution . 
  your wages are different then slovenians . 
  in slovenia most of the middle class is around the 1.000 eur bracket ( 700-1500 ) , while in slovakia is around 300eur ( correct me if i got it wrong ) . 
  but in slovenia if you are a skilled engineer it 's very , very hard to get 2500 euro pay , while it 's not that difficult in slovakia . 
  your global reputation would take a massive hit . 
  you do n't want that position when you need all the trade deals you can get . 
  and you can bet the eu wo n't be just there standing , but will use all the influence to get back what is due . 
  buy a ducati . 
  finally someone with some data to backup the claims . 
  said that , there is a huge difference between north and south italy ( and always was ) . 
  more like the plastics she has only offer one natural expression . 
  this one . 
  this is why you should use something like tripadvisor and rate the place you went in . 
  i suspect slovakia is eu skeptic due to low wages ( and the inequality compared to the better one ) they have . 
  it will take time for you country to increase the gdp , but with the eu i hope you will get there sooner . 
  good luck from your slovenian neighbour , and please do correct me if i got it wrong . 
  they have chosen this because they were trolled by populist idiots , who i suspect were financed by a foreign country , because you ca n't be that stupid . 
  in 3-5 years will look back and we will say , yeah it was not smart . 
  what about the companies ( big and small ) that rely on eu to export goods ? 
  they will have to hope new trade deals comes in quick enough and then will have to negotiate new contracts and product specifications . 
  it 's a shitshow and there was no need for it . 
  if uk wanted to leave they would want to do it slowly to minimize the economic impact . 
  what you have now is a split political idea on what to do next . 
  this is what you get when you want a radical change with 51 % of the population for it . 
  an epic shitshow where the population is split and it 's impossible to have a unity of decisions when the time calls for extreme unity to get the best deal . 
  sorry , but for something like this you need to have at least 75 % in favor in order to be able to pull it off in the best way possible . 
  farage is either an idiot , he was paid to create this shit for the uk or both . 
  hence the change in the law . 
  that 's because you are always in a rush . 
  there is no rush in spain . 
  ture , but this is exactly why we should accept them . 
  impose strict guidelines that they have to adhere to be part of the eu and see the dictatorship power fade from turkey . 
  with enough money you will accept to fuck anyone . 
  eh , the ai will come here before the next gen. 
  many do , but atm the laws are denying this option . 
  truth is , i do n't know what those two even want . 
  for me they are simply not trustworthy to listen to them . 
  because they are the first one to say fuck the law and kick them out . 
  other parties read the law first and say , ok we need to change something before we can proceed . 
  but you know how people are , they demand results yesterday and will elect anyone who gives this promises , regardless if they can do anything about it . 
  the idea behind it , is that it keeps families together . 
  true , full on socialism is rarely a good thing . 
  what you want is to tax richer regions a tad more , and use the taxes to help develop the poorer regions . 
  most of the time it is , the big issue is when it 's not . 
  this is why democracy and limited time for presidency is the best . 
  i mean , just look at rome and you will see plenty of good dictators and the very reason why it 's also a very stupid and dangerous path . 
  it 's physics , you ca n't be this big without a solid intake of calories . 
  and sure , some metabolism can absorb more from food and other less , but not 4 times more . 
  true story . 
  i once lost one of this `` luftmatratzen '' due to the wind and in the process of flying 200m away it knocked over few people . 
  they were so amused that no one was angry at me , but were looking forward to the next one getting knocked over . 
  maybe we should elect farage as our supreme leader ? 
  good luck ( in a non sarcastic way , just to be clear ) . 
  look , i 'm not arguing for or against brexit , all i 'm saying that triggering the exit clause without having a very solid plan on how to proceed is total moronic and only a simpleton would be confident about the future . 
  it 's like rage quitting your job without having a plan in place . 
  sure , it can work out , but why not keep calm and get some interviews first ? 
  the uk is like the teeneger that get 's disgruntled by the parents and decides to leave home . 
  only to realize 1 hour later that it was a very stupid decision . 
  regardless if brexit is a good idea or not . 
  it 's utterly moronic to trigger the exit vote without having the exit strategy already in place . 
  what the fuck is wrong with people ? 
  where is common sense ? 
  is it weird if i think she would look way better with a sword and a shield ? 
  do n't give them ideas .
