  she is slavic , of course she is hot . 
  you see , not everyone agrees with you , and for some there is joy to be found everywhere . 
  so you can understand how imposing death to those that do not wish it is inhuman . 
  i mean , if i was given the choice between living in some shithole country and being in prison , i 'd probably pick a prison . 
  of course my decision is easier , because i do n't live in a 3rd world country where prison are build to punish instead of rehabilitate . 
  the only way to keep this type of weight is to have a very unhealthy diet . 
  ... and yet the young austrian fucker survived . 
  the irony . . 
  and 2 swede . 
  internet wise , germany is the least attractive country in the eu . 
  can you start exporting kajmak !!?? 
  here in slovenia it 's impossible to find a good one . 
  it 's fine . 
  as long as we have hills new dialects will keep emerging and given enough time they become languages . 
  sorry i did n't understood you . 
  did you mean ? 
  grenzis n'thard , hochspannungissimple , hindernisisobvious . 
  notevenclosetoatonguetwister ? 
  yap , i give 0 fucks for towels . 
  ... and italians do it too . 
  p.s : in more organized resorts the stuff will do it . 
  demand that is has to have a basement and build your cave there . 
  win-win . 
  only a bear would say 10-15c \u00b0 is perfect . 
   pay extra bandwidth fees what extra fees ? 
  steam sales and so few people bought a game ?? 
  heresy !!, 
  do n't we have enough refugees as it is ? 
  you do realize that you pay bandwidth fees regardless of where you host your services ? 
  or is the us a magic country where they offer server hosting for free ? 
  in most eu countries the mobile data cap is very lenient . 
  you have a lot of unthrottled data to use and even when you exceed it , you can still surf , but at limited speed ( like 0.5-0 .1 mb ) . 
  but yes , it should be forbidden to give preferential treatment to some companies . 
  i guess , it 's not a big issue ... yet . 
  why is their reputation bad ? 
  germany is also torrent-retarded . 
  i 'm not a big fan of big cities , but florence is something to marvel . 
  the sheer volume of art present on every corner will leave you speechless . 
  said that , a smaller town like siena ( if you like this style ) is much more beautiful . 
  lol , we have a horde of italians coming to slovenia and croatia to eat food cooked here . 
  if caught it in the polluted water , you would want to lose flavor . 
  yeah , the 2009 crisis is over and even here in slovenia we see a lot of tourists . 
  a lot of people are renting their houses and goes living with their parents for 2-3 months . 
  i mean , if you have a nice house near a tourist destination you can earn in 3 months what an average citizen earns in 1 year . 
  in koper , merkator center . 
  they shut down and there was n't any mcdonald in the sout-west part of slovenia for a very long time . 
  we are also the only region in the world where mcdonalds failed and had to shutdown . 
  now is back again ... 
  the one in italy near gorizia , will deliver and install appliances in the west part of slovenia ( for the same price they do it in italy ) . 
  putin never gave the impression he was stupid . 
  those two on the other hand ... 
  60 per capita, 
  google it !, 
  you do n't miss much . 
  nobody will take it . 
  local motel . 
  stalin ? 
  considering the fact that gheddafi nationalized the oil industry in 1970 , sure as hell their reaction time is not the best . 
  it 's a new `` country '' , but fear not , the corporation will find a way with time . 
  no , they do n't . 
  something weird is going on and all of them are going to germany . 
  of course germany is starting to feel the pressure and wants to off-load them to other eu countries . 
  look at the voting pools across eu and you will see a sharp increase in the far-right voters . 
  and do n't look at reddit to gauge how people feel about it , here the vast majority is educated and more left leaning ( as in help other people when possible ) . 
  we still have ( like everywhere else ) a huge number of hidden racists . 
  and the immigrants that come in from africa are mostly very poor , uneducated and socially backward . 
  they will create problems if not taken care of . 
  edit : and the fact that most are muslim in an era where a lot of terrorist attacks are taking place in eu is not good . 
  it is , but the alternative is much , much worse . 
  a big portion of the population do n't want them and we risk the possibility they will vote for more radical leaders . 
  if this happens , if will be worse for everyone , including the migrants that came in . 
  do not talk about it . 
  p.s : italy is an excellent place to buy booze , since their tariffs on alcohol is quite low . 
  it 's a response to italy not keeping the migrants under control ( not blaming anyone ) . 
  they are right , the asylum seekers have no right to free movement while their application is being judged . 
  and if they cause problems they also should be legally responsible for them . 
  if the austrian started to man they border and turn the refugees back apparently this is not what they are doing . 
  i do n't know , it looks like she has the balls to pull it off . 
  if we want to help ( not arguing against or for it ) then we can finance a refugee camp on libyan soil . 
  we must send a clear message that everyone not approved will be shipped back . 
  it 's time to stop this . 
  pick them up , give them food and shelter and return all of them from where they came . 
  and the expenses to do so , must be shared . 
  besides , it 's cheaper this way in the long run . 
  if anyone is returned back they will stop wasting money to come here . 
  and who is giving all this money to the refuges to pay the traffickers ? 
  and who is the fucking idiot in eu that thought removing gheddafi was a good idea ? 
  that 's weird , because slovenia is very , very clean by any standards . 
  i like the serbian : mo\u017ee seljak iz sela , a selo ne mo\u017ee iz seljaka . 
  a peasant can leave the village , but a village can not leave the peasant . 
  when someone earned money and is well off , but does n't have any manners . 
  as someone who has to solve technical issues across europe i appreciate uk workers professionalism . 
  and if you could reduce the outsource to india that would be also appreciated . 
  albanians still have this honor thing going on . 
  if you disrespect them they take it personally , like the greek . 
  how sad that everyone is so focused on the sea part of the arbitration . 
  it has no effects on the people living there . 
  it 's only important in the economic context to give the slovenian harbour a better position . 
  meanwhile a lot of land borders just cut people land in half . 
  is there any intelligence agency anywhere in the world that did n't traffic drugs at some point in their recent history ?
