  it was a statement that should be told to people that immigrate and refuse to speak the local language . 
  no hate for you bro . 
  robbing churches to fund isis is just wrong . 
  look here buddy : if you come to europe you will be in europe . 
  if you want to speak something else go to an international school or go somewhere else . 
  it 's a start . 
  just close the damn door already and things will be fine . 
  on the bright side , we did make it to the washington post !, 
  sorry for not writing a wall of text , but to sum it all up : stealing from crurches to fund isis is just fucked up . 
  that , no one can really answer at the moment . 
  while it would be a huge loss to lose the uk , europe is at the moment too busy to worry about that . 
  if i could break into those debates , i would urge the uk to wait until the migrant situation is under control , so that the eu can perpare for the consequences of uk 's departure . 
  if you did n't read my reply to the other guy , i already admitted to being wrong . 
  i guess you 're right . 
  thanks for correcting me !, 
  a monthly fee that will be paid to the author . 
  like a rent . 
  this is stupid . 
  there are no physical limitations on ebooks . 
  why ca n't libraries instead charge users for access to a pool of ebooks , and then allow the user to download only one , which is automatically deleted after a certain period of time . 
  this idiocy babbles me . 
  hey there chum !, 
  you like beef soup ? 
  well then you 're in for a treat my friend !, 
  well , i for one am quite well triggered . 
  i shall now proceed to angrily sip my beef soup , whilst petting my pet goat . 
  good day . 
  slovenia for employment and opportunity . 
  lol i mean seriously , young people ca n't find jobs as there are n't any , and the old people are n't retiring as everybody is pushing as far as they can to keep themselves off the bad pension system . 
  they are nice . 
  it 's just that the recession hit us quite hard and were still getting back on our feet . 
  there 's still quite some unemployment and the government is always short on money , and you know the rest . 
  i knew that the british had a good sense of humour , but i never expected that their country would turn into a joke as well !, 
  why is slovenia `` rich '' . 
  ... lol, 
  good dimitri !, 
  you get a + !, 
  in yugoslavia and shortly afterwards , there was a mandatory military service/training for boys at the age of 18 . 
  and when i look at the guys back then , who are now our parents , i can easily say that it was not a bad idea and that it turned boys into man . 
  that man is a certified badass . 
  putting out the fire is nice and all , but it 's actually all about making sure it does n't happen in the first place . 
  hard , but not impossible !, 
  just get boats !, 
  i fantasize about the day , when the eu will grow a pair of balls . 
  a fence with a machine gun post every so often would be just as effective . 
  the most `` balcan '' setting i 've ever seen in a game is in wolfenstein the new order , where you play in a concentration camp set in croatia ( but i do n't remember seeing anything croatian in it ) . 
  and it probably does n't count , [ but i 've heard about a slovenian map in a tent in an early ( or possibly the first ) call of duty game . 
  ] ( https://static.slo-tech.com/10219.jpg ), 
  dear america , in the case that trump does n't win , can we have him ? 
  and so it has begun ... 
  `` trieste is ours '' . 
  yup , it 's one of us . 
  i 'm just sad because it 's like breaking a bond of friendship between people who have been at war for thousands of years . 
  i saw other eu countries as nice places , which i could visit and whose people i could call friends . 
  the same with goes with the uk ( whom i particularly adore ) . 
  but now i feel like a long time friend has turned his back and has started mocking me . 
  joke part : eu invites australia to make the uk jealous . 
  it 's sad that we live in the most peaceful time and yet people still want to fuck things up . 
  one of the cultural reasons why we left yugoslavia ( as far as i know ) was because we identify closer to austria than to the balkan . 
  so it 's nationalism that is keeping us in . 
  i would like to remind you of a very important part of my post . 
  i said `` metaphorically '' . 
  and a metaphor is something you say that means something else . 
  when i said to build a wall , i meant to create a border point in the mediterranean where we could intercept incoming migrants with patrol boats and helicopters and such . 
  they are not intergratable and will not respect the customs of our land . 
  so i know what my suggestion sounds like , but i feel that it is actually becoming more and more important , at least in a metaphorical sense : `` we need to build a wall ! '', 
  i know , i know . 
  but as i see it , europe is becoming the next america when it comes to illegal immigration and we will simply be forced to close our borders and start border patrol . 
  joke aside , i am glad to hear this and i give it my upvote . 
  i for one like this trend . 
  that i did not know , but in my defense : i was comparing the price of $ vs the price in $ , in reference to the upper comment/s . 
  maybe , but i doubt that taxes can make an even price of 60 everywhere . 
  no , this is greed . 
  not just steam . 
  as long as i can remember a new aaa game always costs the same in here and on america . 
  this is the fault of the industry . 
  is this the same one that was featured in alexander dumas 's book , the vicomte de bragelonne ( 3rd book in the d'artagnaan series , also known as the 3 mousquetaires ) ? 
  took a look online , and i think that it is the one !, 
  sadly it is a case of muh land . 
  for a small and historically oppressed nation like ourselves every small thing holds a great importance . 
  i just wish to say that going on reddit and seeing a thread about slovenia pinned down was quite a surprise !, 
  and seeing people here know that we exist is truly wonderful . 
  a warm good morning to all the participants !, 
  fun fact : we got some drama going on right now that many or you are not aware of . 
  nearly everything that is ours , that being horses , sausages , wine , land ... 
  these are all examples of things others want to take away . 
  we have a brand of wine named teran , which croatians want to run away with . 
  if they do , they will cause the whole world to sell wine under that name . 
  for a small country like ours , whose people and heritage has been tortured for centuries , this is a monumental loss . 
  and now , brussels started with a procedure that wants to take it away , which it outrageous . 
  on top of that , they also want our coastline , which we agreed to negotiate in exchange for our vote for their admission into the eu . 
  austrians want our karniolian sausage and our lipican horses . 
  so we have beauty and stuff , but there is a dark and sad reality beneath it all . 
  til ljubljana is n't a european city . 
  i never thought i 'll say this , but let 's get the kkk into europe , burn everything to the ground and get this over with . 
  i 'm only joking but i feel that there is some truth in what i said . 
  such savagery !, 
  oh my , would would have guessed ... 
  16 gb for 30 $ !, 
  what kind of retard made this chart ?
