* furiously eats beef soup *, 
  i petition for kalinka to become the new anthem of / r/europe, 
  well , i 'm off to go dig up my bunker . 
  all those fallout 4 hours were good for something after all !, 
  these days i feel like the eu is becoming more and more like the us : there are immigrants that want to cross our border , and there are terrorists that want to blow us up . 
  these surely are weird times . 
  nobody can harm us because nobody really knows where we are . 
  so they just stopped caring . 
  we 'll put the balkans on each gun and see what happens . 
  the views will go sky high !, 
  that was perfect . 
  we were n't the ones to call in the migrant wave ... 
  it would be fine , but germany had to take the wheel . 
  thanks merkel !, 
  yeah , sure , let 's go with that ... 
  you think you do , but you actually do n't , as we cover up our tracks very well . 
  and google maps lies . 
  in slovenia , you can offend anybody you like , because nobody can find you and punish you afterwards !, 
  ( we 're super small and so nobody knows exactly where we are ), 
  we did it guys , we made it to the guardian !, 
  if you keep the door open , more and more will come . 
  my view on the situation is n't perfect or even correct , but the way i see it ; the migrant train wo n't stop coming until we lock the borders and stop receiving asylum seekers entirely . 
  the dilemma is in the fact that doing so is not very humanitarian , but we will have to ask ourselves if we wish to remain a humanitarian nation and feel good about ourselves or will we close the borders and ( try to ) protect our nation . 
  a cruel question , but a necessary one . 
  i wish it would n't be this way , but too many people are abusing the system right now . 
  since i got this far , i may as well suggest that we build europe-founded refugee camps . 
  these people play the refugee jumbo-card , and we can play one as well . 
  since they claim that they are running from war , they have no reason why not to go to one of our camps , which would be well taken care of and sustained . 
  this way we can provide a safe place for actual refugees and stop the economic migrants . 
  in any way , just like in america , a wave of illegal immigrants crossing the border will come at the end of this . 
  that was perfect ... 
  pro tip : he joined terrorists that want to destroy europe as we know it . 
  so how about : no . 
  we did it brothers !, 
  we got to the ` hot ' category !, 
  with a car crash , but we did it anyway !, 
  just close the fucking door and reinforce the border with armed guards who have orders to kill on sight and we 'll be done with it . 
  somebody get trump , we need a wall now !, 
  austria ca n't be blamed for closing their borders in this hard time . 
  so nobody should be surprised if anybody else closes their borders . 
  as a matter of fact , i encourage it imo, 
  the media is quiet but the migrants are still coming by train . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  everyone and their cat knows that these are n't refugees , but instead are economic migrants . 
  and its widely accepted that she was and is in some way the one who opened the door for the wave of immigrants . 
  she ca n't close the door , and she should just admit that and step down for someone else to do it , before she does even more damage to europe as a whole . 
  i understand that my views are probably wrong , so instead of bashing me down , i ask of you all to correct me on them instead . 
  marriage is fine with us . 
  it 's just that this vote also included adoption of children for same-sex couples , which is what most people are against , imo . 
  a better example would be , say , slovenia and germany . 
  while norway is far on the other side of europe , we do share the same european values . 
  and i think that these values are far different from ( in the case of my post ) turkish values . 
  look for yourself : child brides , and thus arranged marriage , male dominance and lower positioning of women ... 
  it 's like having a bunch of apples of different sorts , and now you wan na introduce oranges . 
  my definition of a continent is a similar culture bundled up together on a ( in the case of europe , smaller ) piece of land . 
  more than the geographical difference it 's about the cultural difference , and culture can depend on many different factors . 
  is n't it obvious ? 
  look at paris and then look at istanbul or tunis . 
  multiple wifes , lowered position of women , not to mention the religious and other cultural differences which you would be stupid not to see . 
  honestly , i do n't know much about bulgaria , so i ca n't and wo n't comment on it . 
  but i have been in turkey and oh-boy , is it arabic . 
  well , damn ... congratulations , you 've slapped me well !, 
  but my point was that the cultural difference is too large for them , to join the eu . 
  and you want to put that in the eu ?!, 
  sorry , but fuck no !, 
  and fuck the politic that wants turkey in the eu . 
  it 's called the european union and as far as i know , turkey is n't on the european continent . 
  slap me if i 'm wrong , but if i remember my geography class , the continent of europe ends with slovenia bordering to the balkans . 
  what did they expect ? 
  german narnia ? 
  step 1 . 
  try to get someone to use it . 
  step 2 . 
  fail miserably . 
  according to this , slovenia is not in europe . 
  any asians here that have experience with walls ? 
  times change . 
  just watch and wait ... 
  i bet austria 's fence will be twice the size of our and with blackjack and hookers to top it off . 
  dude . 
  croatia drops migrants at our borders unannounced . 
  i think that the fence is our response to that . 
  croatia has nothing to complain about , for they had it coming . 
  everybody is forgetting about beethoven !, 
  due to the fact that we all think of ourselves as some international heroes , and act to make us feel good about ourselves . 
  finally we realise that the more we take the more will come . 
  and closing the doors is the only way to save europe . 
  yes , i would be a gipsy in austria . 
  and from a language perspective there is n't a lot of difference between eu and non-eu migrants . 
  yup , that 's exactly it . 
  it also extends to non-eu citizens . 
  i do n't understand what you are saying . 
  the information that the op gave us makes me think that he/she is an european citizen , speaking the local language and not a foreign immigrant . 
  the statement itself if meant for people that come from a different country and still speak their own language in places where the local language should be spoken ( like during classes in schools ) . 
  i know it 's hard for some to learn it , but if we take a loot at some ghettos or areas heavily populated with immigrants you will know what i mean . 
  look at some other comments here , they share a similar perspective . 
  the sole fact that these people marry and impregnate underage girls is revolting . 
  if anything , laws should be set up to make such marriges invalid in europe . 
  sorry man !, 
  that was n't meant for you !,
