  the united states should talk about its international interests , but do n't try and moralise to other countries . 
  how ? 
  you can say a lot of things about brexit but being part of a supranational political union is not good for the goal of individual national achievement and influence . 
  we still have our unsc seat , are leading members of nato , and bomb countries across the world when we like . 
  that 's fine for me . 
  the uk is literally where the industrial revolution started, 
  i do n't think you get the suez analogy ... 
  it was about being shown up and humiliated in front of the world , that 's what suez represented for us . 
  you ca n't deny that for a tiny island off the coast of europe we have more influence than proportionate , do n't let your anti-british hatred blind you from reality . 
  i know what pax brittanica is , does n't change the fact that * after * world war i we controlled the largest amount of territory we ever had because of the ottoman mandates which allowed us access to resources like oil, 
  britain in the 30s was on top of the world , at the height of its power and it seemed like it was never going away . 
  britain in the 50s was still a strong and influential country ( we punch above weight to this day ) but we were declining in relative influence and losing our foothold in parts of the world ... punctuated by the suez humiliation . 
  syria is america 's suez they 're completely neutered and all their plans have failed miserably . 
  ca n't say i 'm sad , karma for treating us so usuriously right after the war i guess . 
  one day america will be china 's junior partner and i 'll have a nice giggle at their expense . 
   he did n't have a problem telling lies that caused other europeans in the uk to get assaulted and almost killed . 
  fuck that guy implying he deserved to get almost killed, 
  yes , there will be less money or the funding will have to be replaced . 
  i do n't see what that has to do with what you 're saying . 
  great science comes from great minds , we will continue to produce great minds . 
  deal with your own house mate , it 's falling apart . 
  america is going through what we went through in the 50s . 
  i did n't . 
  i 'm just saying that britain has great scientists because there are lots of british people who are great at science not because of euromoney, 
  what city ? 
  isaac newton depended on eu grants you know, 
  steven woolfe is n't nigel farage . 
  the man is black and very cool headed and rational . 
  wishing death on someone is unacceptable . 
  stop being a fascist and supporting violence against people with a different political orientation than you . 
  there are whole regions with hundreds of thousands like this though . 
  just poor and struggling and frozen . 
  especially up north and in wales, 
  the message was scattered before , but they 've laid out the official agenda for brexit under this government, 
  somebody who is 42 is n't close to retirement , but is too old to learn a new skill . 
  i mean , things made will still get used they 're just not profitable , working for your money gives you a bit more dignity than signing on at the job centre every fortnight and wasting your life on the sofa watching jeremy kyle until you die . 
  you ca n't transplant a city with 50k people , that means some people will remain and they 'll live in a dead end ghetto, 
  what you 're not getting is that i 'm proposing that the treasury subsidises the loss and trains up the generation not in the workforce and brings jobs to that community . 
  some people just ca n't retrain . 
  for some communities , without that industry there is no source of livelihood and it will lead to poverty and crime . 
  the cost of running an industry at a loss is still less than the cost of giving benefits , dealing with the crime associated with poverty , having to retrain people and the social cost of having derelict and economically wasted towns in our country . 
  what a lovely thing to say about someone who could 've died . 
  vasile , i 'm sure whoever raised you is very proud . 
  protestants ? 
  watch the videos from the tory conference , they have a plan . 
  you may not like that plan but it is a plan . 
  did you not pay attention to the tory conference ? 
  they were pretty clear what it means let this meme die . 
  we are n't in the euro not because of the exchange rate but because we want control of our own monetary policy . 
  and all the mass privatisations have destroyed my country 's communities . 
  by intervention in the market i mean tariffs , nationalisation of industry , investment in local communities . 
  well it 's up to the government , to be honest . 
  the uk , much to the dismay of scottish nationalists is one nation . 
  england just has most of the population . 
  you 're at peak deutschland right now, 
  no , not everyone . 
  just you , crying and whinging because you ca n't handle the fact that europe is nothing more than a piece of rock east of the atlantic and west of the ural mountains . 
  it is literally nothing besides that . 
  there are nations on top of that rock , but europe is literally just rock . 
  you ca n't deal with the fact that your identity is completely fake and constructed . 
   a continent , who no one who never heard of it before would re-create . 
  why not make the limit the volga ? 
  why not kick out the north-west island ? 
  why have scandinavia be part of it , it was n't before . 
  wow , you 're really having a fit over reality . 
   your definition of `` continent '' is also a social construct . 
  are you denying the existence of the landmass you 're on ? 
   the most unimaginative , meaningless social construct in existence . 
  til the plates under the ground are meaningless social constructs  as far as i 'm concerned you might as well be describing the middle east . 
  or south-east asia . 
  the middle east and southeast asia are just like europe . 
  georgraphical regions . 
   this is the identity we have to fall back to ? 
  the european identity is a social construct . 
  no part of my identity is european besides the fact that the island i am from is part of the european continent . 
  you have some real emotional problems . 
   you ca n't tell apart an ideal from a religion , that 's terrifying . 
  well you elevate an ideal to something infallible it becomes religious in expression . 
   and what is europe to you ? 
  the area between the ural mountains , the bosporus , portugal and ireland . 
  a place with many nations and cultures that share some attributes due to proximity . 
   a meaningless expression , it means a continent . 
   without any objective existence are you denying the existence of continents ? 
  the european continent exists , that 's not up for debate . 
  europeanism is what has no objective existence , it 's a social construct ... unlike europe the continent . 
   to say `` i happen to be on a random piece of land that has a name '' . 
  no different than a gps location yes , that 's what europe is . 
  a continent . 
  a place with many nations in proximity to each other . 
  that 's reality . 
  he 's in critical condition and might die . 
  eurasia is not a continent by any definition , and you 've turned your pro-eu sentiment into a religion which is terrifying . 
   bismark said `` whoever speaks of europe is wrong : it is a geographical expression '' it is a georgraphical expression , thats what a continent is, 
  there is no clear relevance , this is simply idiotic . 
  wanting less immigration does n't make you hitler . 
  no , that 's not how it works mate . 
  people use it because it 's less difficult to say something that does n't have much relevance but invokes a lot of emotions like ` nazis ' as opposed to actually formulating a proper response . 
  eurasia is not a continent , it is a landmass . 
  the continent of europe stretches from the ural mountains and thrace to portugal and ireland . 
  europe existed before the eu .
