you want me to write an essay in reply to your whinging ? 
  lol, 
   the worst being that this bullshit is currently upvoted . 
  because it true . 
   saying the war in algeria was legitimate and that algeria was an integral part of france is a joke that no one in academia would take seriously . 
  many people in academia are marxist filth , the type that think that the 68 riots were admirable and sartre was some kind of a guru instead of a fool whose writing should banned . 
   it 's especially laughable since this opinion is held by a guy who does n't seem to see muslims as legitimate french people . 
  some can , some ca n't . 
   well it would actually make sense , when you acknowledge the huge economic exploitation of the local muslim population by french colons and the fact that they had no real rights and were ruled by the code de l'indig\u00e9nat which meant a subpar status with close to zero chance of social progress . 
  i do n't see the problem , there were also provisions for them to abandon barbarism and become french citizens  it was n't legitimate to keep exploiting these people and being surprised they would resist it . 
  it is legitimate to fight secessionists . 
   it was n't legitimate to keep on trying to win an unwinnable war with many casualties and war crimes . 
  the war was won militarily , but it would 've been a better win if algerians who would n't pledge loyalty were marched deep into the desert . 
   it was n't legitimate to have algeria as a d\u00e9partement and act like it was fully french when over 90 % of it 's population could n't qualify for french citizenship or even basic rights . 
  yes it was , they had the opportunity too become french . 
  a country should n't cede territory because a part of the people have an inclination to savagery . 
   tl ; dr : u/princeps-civitatis 's comment is a 100 % certified dumb turd . 
  here is what your `` pretty nice country '' looks like btw for many of those people tower blocs ? 
   the problem is france , and france needs to accept that . 
  france is a pretty nice nation that demands a standard of action amongst its citizens and residents . 
   it can start by dealing with the elephant in the room : the algerian war . 
  let 's address it : a completely legitimate war where the french showed too much restraint to the fln and should 've probably marched disloyal algerians into the desert . 
  the only thing that the french should be ashamed about is fucking de gaulle giving away the french victory and facilitating the expulsion of almost 2m frenchmen from an integral part of france . 
  i like it so that i can boycott certain businesses, 
  brehon law was gone because of the normans , 12th century . 
  i 'm not trolling , but i 'll be frank - ireland was a colony that we used for resource extraction so the only reason we held it was for the resources like food, 
  we needed the food to bring to our country so it was necessary, 
  of course you were exporting food !, 
  england was in the middle of the industrial revolution and we needed the food !, 
  the land was n't taken from irish peasants , it was taken from native feudal lords . 
  do n't make it like it would 've made a difference if you paid your rent to sean instead of john, 
  the bengal famine was a necessary evil to feed the british war effort i did n't vote actually , i was in hospital and did n't do a mail in vote, 
  in order to be a sovereign state you have to be independent . 
  scotland has no sovereignty the scottish parliament exists because of an act of parliament in westminster and at her majesty 's pleasure, 
  nation states are sovereign by definition, 
  yes, 
  britain is one state and one nation , a nation state is sovereign and the home nations having identities are recent constructions, 
  and yet the irish still have one of the highest emigration rates in western europe, 
  do you think we pissed in their soil and ruined it ? 
  no we just let it happen , a large part of our aristocracy at the time believed in social darwinism and wanted them to figure it out on their own . 
  perfectly reasonable and i 'd change nothing . 
  it was justified after centuries of continued insolence . 
  our part in the famine was that we did n't help them , and we did n't let others help them . 
  they had to figure it out for themselves . 
  i was n't . 
  northern ireland is 50 % members of the british nation , and 50 % members of the irish nation who live side by side and occasionally bomb each other . 
  learn to make better quips vasili, 
  the irish are an emigration nation , they always have been since they forgot how to properly grow potatoes back in the 1800s, 
  the united kingdom is a nation . 
  it includes the northern irish . 
  we constitute a very small cultural continuum and are essentially the same from dagenham to dundee, 
  ni is n't going anywhere mate . 
  stop being so mad that you and your cousins wo n't be able to come here and beg next summer . 
  yes , and until very recently ` the british race ' was something spoken about . 
  where do you buy your fedoras ? 
  so euphoric mate . 
  people will start going to that big church instead of smaller ones , allowing space for other things . 
  also it 's pretty and makes things look nice . 
  they 're still building churches here for the same reason . 
  instead of having little village churches with 10 worshippers they turn those into landmarks and build one to serve a few hundred in an accessible location . 
  i did n't say the number is growing . 
  i said lots of people go to church . 
  4 million people every week is bigger than some countries and that number grows on holidays . 
  i 'm not religious and i like churches . 
  i go on easter and christmas and i go with my gran when i go visit her because it makes her happy to not go alone . 
  aside from oil , i do n't want my country to have much to do with them . 
  as long as we have the gulf states pumping out our oil the russians can fuck around in that dead end region . 
  it 's never been about modernity , it 's about interests . 
  that 's why i prefer the gulf monarchs who need our guns to survive and are thus helpful as opposed to arab democracy which will inevitably take an anti-britain tone since we 're the great satan . 
  aside from oil , i do n't want my country to have much to do with them . 
  as long as we have the gulf states pumping out our oil the russians can fuck around in that dead end region . 
  so 4 million go to church every week ? 
  islam is growing , that 's not even up for debate . 
  check out pew research . 
  nice, 
  lots of people still go to church mate, 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  who cares ? 
  the kurds are desperate for friends so they make a good proxy but aside that it 's irrelevant . 
  and if i were russian i would n't like britain , but i 'm not so it 's irrelevant . 
  what does us creating these countries mean anything in this context ? 
  immigrants who move to equally wealthy countries without planning on permanently settling are expats . 
  most british people abroad are expats , very few people move away from our country to escape poverty like they do in india or poland or ireland . 
  act of supremacy 1534 says that the monarch is the supreme head of the church of england . 
  if you 're not anglican , you ca n't be head of the church . 
  but the us has retained influence over the arab world and organized covert actions to maintain that influence . 
  the way you do empire is different to how we did empire but do n't kid yourself that it 's not an empire . 
  i prefer the chinese to the americans personally , they 're all about business and do n't moralise about human rights or the ills of nationalism . 
  i mean having an empire in the early stages of dissolution . 
  that 's what my country was defined by in the 50s . 
  economic booms come and they go , the loss of the empire and the hit to our pride associated with that was demoralising to the nation . 
  what country are you from ? 
  childish thug is stabbing a lad with a broken bottle in the back because they flirted with your girl down on the estate , fighting someone one on one is what a mature male adult does . 
  you 've lost the arabs . 
  we had a stupid policy towards germany but appeasement was an ideal nothing we were forced into . 
  you 've seriously never been in a situation where you had a disagreement and wanted to settle it ? 
  being part of a supranational union de facto means you 're part of a whole , your country is being absorbed . 
  what good is my country if it 's just a province of a bigger entity - like manitoba canada ? 
  the secretary of state is like the foreign secretary and home secretary combined right ? 
  i know it 's his job , but it 's pathetic to throw stones when you live in glass houses .
