  it 's not new york city , it 's albany . 
  that 's just dumb . 
  honestly i do n't really know . 
  she sits in her office on a computer . 
  i really like this news . 
  people will always be people -- it 's oddly heart warming . 
  i also have a full time police officer ( they call her a `` police liaison '' ) in my high school of about 1400 kids . 
  most schools i can think of have one , except for the schools out in the country . 
  i speak french at between a b2/c1 level , and have people in france ( even paris ) reply to me in french , so let me try to drop some wisdom : really try and focus on your accent . 
  as big as your vocabulary is , no matter how flawless your subjunctive is , your accent will always be the determinante . 
  enjoy the mcdonald 's . 
  unrelated story time : when i was little , i was super afraid of clowns . 
  we used to have this tv show for kids featuring bozo the clown , and if i saw it on the tv when my brother watched it , i would throw a tantrum . 
  at about 5 years old , my family decides to take a trip to jacksonville , florida during the winter . 
  we 're from minnesota ( a northern state with super harsh winters [ it was -27 c a few months ago ] ) , so it should have been a nice trip . 
  we get there , and there are clowns * everywhere * . 
  not even being funny though . 
  sitting reading the newspaper , smoking a cigarette ... just being normal people . 
  turns out there was a clown convention across the street . 
  no lie . 
  that 's my florida story . 
  : / ( ... except for the hurricane ), 
  i love your use of `` thatchering . '', 
  i like the `` ne ... pas '' bit though . 
  it allows you to set up helper verbs a lot easier because you know one 's coming , like with `` ne ... rien '' and stuff like that . 
  it 's not that bad because it 's just something to get used to . 
  it 's like in french with word order changing the meaning of a word , like ma propre voiture or ma voiture propre , or how you would say ma voiture bleue with the adjective coming after the subject , but ma petite voiture has the adjective before . 
  they 're fucking delicious . 
  i 've been learning about france for the past 5 years or so , and from that , along with trips there , it 's apparently that arabs in france are almost exactly the same as black people in america . 
  they talk differently , dress differently , and have stigma attached unless proven otherwise . 
  how do you feel about the catalonia independence movement ? 
  what seems to be the overall opinion ? 
  palestinians are people , israelis are people . 
  it needs to be acknowledged that there are now multigenerational israelis and they belong there , too , but these settlements are completely ridiculous . 
  israel 's treatment of it is ridiculous , just as palestine 's ( well , hamas ' ) treatment is ridiculous . 
  this whole issue is too complicated to the point of silliness . 
  i grew up in a city that took massive amounts of hmong and somali immigrants from the 70s to the 90s , to the point that we have the largest population of both of those groups anywhere in the country . 
  people were understandably concerned when they all came over initially , but now it 's definitely a net positive . 
  i went to school with a lot of them ( my high school was maaaaybe 50 % white , maybe ) , and they were all normal american kids . 
  my grandpa moved to the us essentially as a refugee . 
  he was fresh out of auschwitz and did n't have anywhere to go . 
  i 'm a second generation american , but i do n't really retain any of my german heritage . 
  my great grandparents moved to the us during the russian revolution . 
  i 'm third generation american through them , and i do n't really retain any of my russian heritage . 
  all of these groups came in massive numbers , then ended up assimilating over time . 
  i hope that the us takes refugees in large numbers . 
  we can , and have , before . 
  we have the space and resources and a culture that 's generally open to taking new people . 
  it 's probably the most european city in the us . 
  if you look up photos of beacon hill , the north end , and back bay , it 's practically indistinguishable from england . 
  pretty much . 
  tons of world-reknowned university , which is why i 'm here !, 
  honestly i do n't know for sure . 
  i grew up in a state without vehicle inspections , and now i live in a city where few people have cars ( boston is an anomaly for american cities :p ) . 
  what 's weird to me is you 'd think diesel would be more popular in the us with our driving styles . 
  most people here have long highway drives as their normal , plus an automatic transmission , where the low-down torque of a diesel would be beneficial . 
  most ( if not all ) diesels here have urea systems to clean out the exhaust . 
  gas is so cheap here ( around 0.50 euro cents/liter ) that diesel is n't that popular . 
  fuel efficiency really does n't matter as much as it does for you guys . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://www.dieselnet.com/standards/ ) some info about our emissions laws -- you 'll see california is different . 
  they have stricter requirements on car emissions because they had such bad smog in the 50s . 
  it depends on your pollution laws . 
  here in the us our diesel emissions requirements are more stringent than the eu equivalents -- our diesels are regulated to pollute pretty much equally as gas ( petrol ) cars . 
  where are you getting that impression from ? 
  it 's more like if there 's a guy who tries too hard to be masculine , i 'll assume he 's gay . 
  it 's different when somebody is naturally masculine versus trying really hard . 
  if you saw some try hard masc gays , you 'd know what i mean . 
  the name is a pun on things like metrosexual . 
  i can confidently say that as a member of the gay community having an almost cartoonishly masculine appearance is pretty fetishized among many guys . 
  it 's kinda sad tbh . 
  it 's a style movement around basically modernizing the lumberjack style . 
  where do you live ? 
  i see it everywhere in minneapolis and chicago , i know it 's huge in seattle and portland , and i see it from time to time in boston , but boston 's more of a preppy city . 
  grew up in a city here in the us where the [ lumbersexual ] ( http://images1.citypages.com/imager/u/blog/6592209/lumbersexual_lead_560.jpg ) style has reigned supreme for as long as i can remember and i could n't be happier . 
  bring on the bearded beefy men . 
  `` and the money trickled down from the tippity top of the hamptons all the way to the deepest depths of the south side of chicago ! '', 
  i 'm not sure about the exact percentage , but i know that people of german heritage are pretty much the go-to heritage if you 're white and not in the northeast ( irish/eye-talians ) . 
  i mean , my grandpa moved here from germany , so i guess i 'm another one on the list !, 
  we do n't use the subjunctive ( at least in american english ) , we have simpler conjugations in standard speech ( i am going , you are going , we are going -- you only have to learn one verb [ to be ] to conjugate a lot of that because `` going '' does n't change ) , and , perhaps most importantly , people get so much exposure to the language through american/british cultural imperialism . 
  outside of the twin cities ( minneapolis and saint paul ) in minnesota , pretty much everywhere you go there are scandinavian people of some sort . 
  in the countryside , everybody is blonde , blue-eyed , and tall , with melodic accents . 
  i had a danish friend visit the countryside while she was here and she thought everybody was making fun of how she talked , but i had to tell her that 's just the regional accent here :p, 
  thanks so much for this info !, 
  i * love * cars , and eastern bloc cars have always been a bit of a mystery . 
  since there are none around , i have nothing to look at to spark the research !, 
  the 1998 version looks hilarious -- definition of lipstick on a pig . 
  oh man , i * love * lyon . 
  france in general , but lyon was just great . 
  perfect size to get around . 
  great public transit . 
  lots of well-preserved history , natural scenery , all while being more physically colorful than what i see in paris/northern france . 
  and the ** food !, 
  ** amazing food just absolutely everywhere . 
  damn . 
  i 'm clawing to go back . 
  honestly that van looks sick . 
  i 'd rock it here in the us for sure . 
  my household tax bracket is in the 40s after city , state , and federal . 
  it 's centered around the [ appalachian mountains ] ( http://www.wikiwand.com/en/appalachian_mountains ) . 
  yup , can confirm .
