i do n't understand this comparison either . 
  we took them from their native home , forced them into labor , then forcibly separated them from the rest of society for hundreds of years . 
  the least we can do is help black americans become more integrated and blend our cultures . 
  roma are a separate group that seemingly wish to stay separate , and have done so through many chances of trying to integrate them . 
  it 's terrifying . 
  tasteless , textureless , pointless . 
  but most of my friends would consider this proper cheese for a sandwich . 
  luckily i was raised on real cheese !, 
  my hometown !, 
  it 's not hard to pinpoint when you mention lots of somalians -- that 's a unique part of the city compared to other cities in the country . 
  were you in minneapolis by chance ? 
  driving from my parent 's house in minneapolis to my brother 's apartment in chicago is a 6.5 hour drive ( 400 miles , 650 km ) . 
  90 % of that drive is pure farmland . 
  barely any homes , not really much forest because the natural habitat is prairie . 
  you could walk for a month and not run into anything but cows between a city of 3 million and a city of 8 million . 
  you learn more every day !, 
  i just googled a northern norwegian city . 
  the temperature even in lofoten is higher than what we get here . 
  our windchill last winter was colder than mars was at the same time period . 
  why a city grew to be 4 million people in this climate is something i do n't understand . 
  i grew up in minneapolis , which gets much colder than oslo does in the winter ( it was -40 c last winter ) . 
  they start up and work just fine . 
  range decreases from the temperature but the actual functionality of them does n't change . 
  typical pole , thinking of chicago . 
  i work for uber so i can answer this !, 
  keep in mind that i 'm american , so it might be a little different in lithuania . 
  you get the app on your smartphone and pull it up , and it opens to a map . 
  it knows your location from your phone , and that 's where the car comes to get you . 
  there are a couple different options for rides ( i 'll list them from cheapest to most expensive . ), 
  there 's uberx , which is ridesharing . 
  it 's normal people with their daily cars . 
  the cars have to be a 4 door car and ca n't be more than 10 years old . 
  the drivers themselves have to have a clean driving record and have to pass a background check . 
  there 's uber black , which is what i normally use . 
  it 's a limousine service basically . 
  they have to be black luxury cars , and the drives have to have a commercial limousine driver 's license . 
  there 's uber suv , which are limousine suvs . 
  there 's also uber taxi , which calls a traditional taxi . 
  that 's not available in every city , including the one i live in currently , so i do n't really know what 's special about it . 
  otherwise the app has your credit card info on file so it 's a cashless transaction . 
  you get in the car , get where you need to go , and get out without tipping . 
  you 're emailed a receipt . 
  minimum wage , which in new york is currently $ 8/hour , soon to be $ 9 . 
  living in nyc can be affordable , just not manhattan . 
  edit : i want to add that my friends and i generally come from more well-off families , so moving away from home and having to live on our own budgets , even if supplemented by money from parents , can be a bit of a reality shock . 
  one of my friends is trying to move to manhattan for an internship and ca n't find a studio for less than $ 2500/month . 
  fun stuff . 
  just like the cost of living in london is a lot higher than living in wales . 
  i live in boston where , in the neighborhood of my university , a 300 square foot ( 28 m ^ 2 ) apartment is $ 1800/month , or i could move back to minneapolis and pay $ 700/month for 100 m ^ 2 . 
  and , minnesota is about to enact a $ 10.10 minimum wage , higher than the one for massachusetts ( $ 8 ) . 
  sounds literally perfect . 
  i really want to read this graph but all the colors are too similar and i ca n't figure out which line is which country !, 
  i overestimated , i 'm sorry . 
  downtown paris is 105.4 km ^ 2 , while dc is [ 177 km ^ 2 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/washington_dc ) , so dc is much larger than paris . 
  dc 's density is only about 1/5th of paris , however . 
  two main reasons : firstly , there is n't enough police . 
  washington dc is surprisingly large -- i 'd say it takes the same area as all of paris and its surrounding suburbs . 
  also , the police are part of the problem . 
  in larger , more crime-prone cities ( i want to specify because this is not what it 's like at all in other areas ) , police are distrusted and treated with disdain for practices like racial profiling , so even if there were more police , the people would get angrier . 
  i love boston 's city hall !, 
  i am !, 
  i 'm dipping over to croatia this summer during a trip to italy and do n't know what to expect . 
  almost every time i contribute to this subreddit i get downvoted . 
  i 'm going to jump in here to give an outsider 's perspective . 
  i 'd dump some of it into massive public awareness campaigns on gay rights throughout the former eastern bloc , as well as providing some sort of eu-wide single-payer healthcare . 
  i feel like there 's still a large divide between the east and west . 
  another large chunk would be to increase education in a common eu language . 
  be it english , french , german , russian -- really , anything . 
  it appears to me that there should be more direct communication between citizens of all the countries , and that can only happen when almost everybody is fluent in the same language . 
  i ca n't imagine not being able to directly know what 's going on in other states or regions of my country because we do n't speak the same language . 
  was it just a normal little calculator with a `` convert '' button ? 
  also , would the verb for that be traduire ? 
  i do n't know what convert would be ... 
  there are vending machines around me where a 500 ml ( 16.9 oz in old money ) bottle of coke is $ 2.50 . 
  do you have a picture of one ? 
  i ca n't find a photo online anywhere . 
  still latvia can not into potato, 
  holy fuck . 
  those photos made my jaw literally drop . 
  there 's a tv show here in the us called house hunters where couples are shown some houses and pick one . 
  they run you through the different houses and stuff , along with the location that the houses are in . 
  there 's a sister show called house hunters international , and in one episode , they get an apartment in alesund !, 
  the town looked beautiful . 
  one of my best friends is from aarhus !, 
  i 've never met a danish person who is n't fantastic . 
  it looks like a huge , futuristic bus . 
  oooh this makes a lot of sense . 
  thanks for describing it !, 
  so where does the money come from ? 
  28 million euros seems low for the biggest swedish lottery . 
  your country has twice the population as my state , but i 've seen lotteries that are 50 million dollars , regularly . 
  it has n't melted in my state of minnesota yet . 
  this winter is eternal and driving me insnae . 
  maybe you could make one of your consistent polandballs about it ? 
  i 'd like to take this moment and point out how funny danish sounds sometimes ... a friend of mine is an exchange student from denmark and her middle name is h\u00f8gh . 
  we asked her what her middle name was , she said it , and we did n't believe her . 
  it took her saying it 5 times just so we could figure out what she was saying . 
  we 're drilled on all the state capitals throughout elementary school and middle school . 
  i think i know all 50 still but honestly , what 's the point ? 
  the biggest fluke is new york .
