  grew up in a 5000 square foot home but getting to the grocery store is a 10 minute drive . 
  getting downtown is 20 minutes to one downtown , 10 to another , but we have two downtowns so that throws off things . 
  it 's all so inexpensive t_t . 
  studio apartment is 1300 usd for me . 
  my dad 's mom charged him rent for a little bit . 
  they did n't want him living at home -- he was in his early 20s , made good money at a supercomputer company , yet still lived at home . 
  my mom made him move out :p, 
  i 'll just take my identical bills and * leave * , thank you very much, 
  at least your paper money was/is colorful . 
  being happy with it and accepting the history are two different things . 
  i 'm not happy that my country expanded by purging natives , but i accept the history . 
  you ca n't deny that christianity is a major aspect of european culture , can you ? 
  as far as influence over history , the vatican had you guys by the balls for millennia . 
  not mad about your nationality at all , but most people in the camps were jewish . 
  it 's an easy assumption to make . 
  because he was jewish and from berlin ? 
  i do n't know what kind of answer you 're expecting . 
  because he was jewish and from berlin ? 
  i do n't know what kind of answer you 're expecting . 
  it 's chilling . 
  it 's crazy to think that my grandpa , fresh out of auschwitz , went home to see this , and here i am looking at the same thing 70 years later . 
  right ? 
  what is this revisionist garbage ? 
  `` we built their entire physical and political infrastructure and did n't charge them for it after independence '' really ? 
  did n't charge them ? 
  colonization stunted africa and they 're still feeling it . 
  colonization is a big part as to why black skin is seen as a second-class citizen in most of the western world . 
  i ca n't believe people think colonization happened for any other reason other than betterment of the colonizers . 
  yeah i feel what you 're saying . 
  whenever i 'm in europe it feels more ... somber ? 
  not mellow , because the energy level seems similar as far as day-to-day stuff , but it does feel more low key . 
  granted , i 've only been in western europe so i ca n't speak for all of it , but that 's what i 've noticed . 
  this is basically exactly how washington dc is . 
  the city itself is mostly poor , with pockets of wealthy old money families like the kennedys . 
  most of the people who move there live outside the city in maryland and virginia , where the average incomes are way higher than average for the usa . 
  as untrue as that is , what does that have anything to do with anything ? 
  this is interesting to me . 
  can you go into this more ? 
  what vibe do you get ? 
  what 's the overall mentality ? 
  definitely a popular opinion in the usa , at least among educated white people and minorities . 
  if i 'm being pedantic , new orleans is n't in the midwest , it 's in the south . 
  it was passed in 1999 i believe . 
  not too many people live in the louisiana purchase portion of the midwest -- the only large city there is minneapolis , where i was born . 
  you have to live in france for 5 years , then take a language proficiency test that 's centered around an oral exam that , while testing your ability to use french , sees if you 've been trying to assimilate to french culture and way of life . 
  the 5 year requirement is lifted if you were born anywhere that used to belong to france at any time throughout history . 
  for example , i was born in the us on land we bought from france , so i would n't have to wait those 5 years . 
  yup !, 
  all bmw suvs are made in the us . 
  even if it 's an italian brand , the cars are n't necessarily made in italy . 
  for example , a lot of us-market volkswagens are made in mexico . 
  hey now . 
  i was in paris last spring and internet at my hotel was 8 $ / hour . 
  old citro\u00ebns are my favorite . 
  they were so ahead of their times . 
  a guy who lives by me has a renault convertible from the 80 's , and i live in mn ( northern state , super harsh winter ) . 
  it 's in beautiful condition ... i 'm surprised it 's not completed rusted . 
  so jealous . 
  well , according to the education i 've been getting , the us is generally the best country in the world and we suffer less than everybody else because of our superior free-market system , which is almost uniquely american . 
  me too !, 
  i love mine . 
  i ca n't tell you how much i want a french car . 
  holy shit i want one so badly . 
  not sure if it 's because i 'm a francophile or because they 're awesome , but man ... i would totally collect a citro\u00ebn ds , sm , and a renaultsport clio cup . 
  arguably china . 
  they 're officially atheist but they 're having problems with religion , too . 
  granted , they 're not `` western , '' but the cities are industrialised enough where i 'd consider them on a similar league . 
  it 's funny how the western countries that have church/state ties generally do better with respect to controlling religion compared to countries with separated church and state . 
  that photo . 
  sweet jesus , that photo . 
  it needs more trucknutz ( which i have seen ) . 
  american media . 
  it all implies that you ca n't be moral if you do n't have religion . 
  sorry for this guy . 
  * sigh * these people are on streets in big cities , shouting at us that we 're going to hell because we , as americans , live in a secular ( on paper ) country . 
  that 's what brits said about the states , too . 
  we do n't want no socialists copying us !, 
  that 's what china 's for !, 
  instead of copying how we did things , learn from our mistakes . 
  granted , we did get the states much more gradually than the european union , but it could be done . 
  it seems that a good way to account for the different cultures and political identities between the european countries would be a loose copy of the swiss system , where the main parties are represented and their power correlates to the percentage of votes they got in the election . 
  the hard part would be having continent-wide parties , so a country with a larger population would n't have one dominant party to control as much of the union as possible , but i feel that it could work out . 
  i wish we would implement that system here . 
  it seems like the best compromise of power . 
  right ? 
  that 's why i generally like nuns . 
  they 're good people that do good things . 
  one time i said how i was n't a fan at all of the pope in public and got so many dirty looks and shaming eyes that it was embarrassing . 
  reading your comment almost made me gasp . 
  * edit : because that 's my reaction as more of a preservation thing . 
  i 'm jewish . 
  blargy blarg gas has gotten so expensive in america lately !, 
  just kidding ... you guys have it a lot worse . 
  has it ever been about .25 eur/liter ? 
  around the cities , it 's fantastic . 
  it 's true . 
  it 's all regional , at least . 
  where i am , it 's kind of like the norway of the us . 
  low unemployment , super healthy , low religious-ness ... it 's nice . 
  you should see the wraith of a canadian when you accidentally call them american .
