the netherlands : the most scandinavian non-scandinavian country . 
  ] ( http://www.localditch.com/mechwarrior/mechwarrior_intro_2.jpg ) sweet !, 
  '' ... it was reported that a `` side-by-side chart of best-to-worst rankings of 18 wines by a roster of experienced tasters showed about as much consistency as a table of random numbers . '', 
  at least you can still deny it !, 
  united statesians, 
  to be honest , that 's the * only * thing even slightly resembling a mountain , and it 's all the way in the south corner , go north and you 'll never see any kind of height differences . 
  i remember your name confusing me as well on several occasions . 
  there is only room for one of us in these skies . 
    oh and your `` millions of vets and their friends '' ? 
  a total of ~ 7,000 soldiers have ( regrettably ) died during the wars in afghanistan and iraq combined . 
   yes now look up many many were injured and deployed . 
  look up ptsd stats . 
  look up how many lost limbs . 
  you seem to conveniently forget the next section where i do the same math but for all the wounded soldiers , why do you keep ignoring half of my comment ? 
   and you seem to have forgotten a few wars there . 
  vietnam , iraq 1 , etc. 
  vietnam was the only other statistically relevant war ( with 60k deceased and 200k injured ) , as all wars in between are negligible for the purpose of our argument . 
  but since we 're arguing what `` we '' went through , i was using just the examples of current , ongoing wars . 
    and number is still very generous considering the friends of the guy who got sent home on a broken limb are n't exactly scarred for life either . 
   yeah nothing like losing a limb or having brain damage from an ied . 
  broken limb ! = lost limb or brain damage . 
  again , ignoring or twisting my words . 
   it 's funny that you write all of that and then have the balls to say you have it worse than they do because you 've read a book . 
  i 'm not saying * i * have it worse , i 'm saying the us does n't have it as bad as your making it out to be . 
  the fear of losing a loved one is definitely present when they 're deployed , but you , as a country , have n't known the fear of knowing * anyone * of your family members or friends could be dead or imprisoned . 
  i 'm not saying there 's no feeling of dread for the loved ones of deployed soldiers , but it 's a different feeling entirely from * all * of your loved ones being in danger . 
   i 'm not here to educate you . 
  feeling tumblr ' y today ? 
    the american citizens have no stakes in afghanistan , in iraq , or anywhere else . 
   yeah aside from american being the troops and all their friends families etc. 
  a little more tangible than bullshit stories from grandpa . 
  if you 're not going to read my post , please do n't bother responding . 
    americans have been living war my ass . 
   millions of vets and their friends and families would disagree . 
  this again boils down to my point of that being a completely different kind of war . 
  oh and your `` millions of vets and their friends '' ? 
  [ a total of ~ 7,000 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_military_casualties_of_war ) soldiers have ( regrettably ) died during the wars in afghanistan and iraq combined . 
  assuming they all had , say 10 close friends and family members who were all truly scarred by their deaths , that 's 70,000 people over * 13 years * . 
  but let 's go a little further and count all the wounded soldiers as well : 57,614 in total , plus 2 who went missing = 57,616 soldiers were damaged over those 13 years . 
  57,616 * 10 = 576,160 people ( hardly `` millions '' , is it ? ), 
  who were hurt over the 13 years , over a population of 320 million . 
  and number is still very generous considering the friends of the guy who got sent home on a broken limb are n't exactly scarred for life either . 
   americans have been living war , you 've been reading about it . 
  americans have been living war my ass . 
  just because you worship your military does n't mean you get to say you lived the horrors of war . 
  * real * war is n't a war fought thousand of miles away , with the only result of a loss being the loss of human lives . 
  if your soldiers in afghanistan perish then yes , it 's an absolutely * terrible * loss of life , but * that 's it * . 
  the american citizens have no stakes in afghanistan , in iraq , or anywhere else . 
  i 'll repeat what i said earlier : * americans have n't fought a real war on their own streets * . 
  the civil war was the last conflict on us soil , and even that was without danger to the nation : whatever side won , the united states as a country would still live on . 
  * `` ma grandpa flew a plane over europe once , almost saw a dead guy he did !, 
  '' * - murica see , it 's not true , but two can play this game . 
  europe saw so many more casualties than the us , it 's a different order of magnitude . 
  you fought in the war , we * lived * it . 
  the us has never fought a war in their own streets , with their own citizens being rounded up and systematically murdered , with their own families starving under the rule of an invading force . 
  hostile soldiers patrolling the streets shooting or imprisoning anyone who breaks curfew or even looks suspicious , every single one of your oh-so-valued rights and freedoms systematically taken away . 
  comparing the us casualties to the suffering of the entire european continent is ridiculous , and you should know better . 
   what you wrote was without a doubt the most stupid thing ever written on reddit . 
  you should win some award . 
  oh the irony . 
  that 's another reply , of which i was unaware . 
  the rest of my points still stand . 
  1 there 's no picture of the dutch bible belt linked above me . 
  2 there is in fact a general trend of increased religiousness the further you go south 3 now why do you have to be such a rude arsehole about this ? 
  there 's no need to start insulting people just because your feelings got hurt . 
  4 you root for germany because you do n't like the north of your own country ? 
  what kind of ass-backwards logic is that ? 
  nothing wrong with the germans , but come on , no need to secede from the country just because you think your farmer stereotype is better than ours . 
  yeah , around the south of the country things get more religious , it 's quite the blemish on the country as you can also see that vaccine-prevented diseases are more prevalent there . 
  holocaust is still not the word you 're looking for , since that was only about the jewish people in world war 2 . 
  not all of us , but it 's certainly common . 
  personally , i rather frequently feel kinda short ( not dwarfed , but still short ) in comparison to others my age and older , despite being this tall . 
  i have to cycle 22km every day for school so i guess that adds up quickly ... 
  as someone 1,94 m tall , weighing 240lbs ? 
  depending on what you do , yeah i guess . 
  i 'm 1,87 / 200lbs and i have four for breakfast and then four more for lunch , six if i still have to cycle back home from school . 
  you have * two * slices of bread for an entire meal ? 
  dude . 
  also , as someone from groningen : if you can speak dutch with a gronings accent , you 're practically indistinguishable from ost-frisians . 
  as a fellow northerner i can confirm this : grandparents never really learned english , and my parents learned it at a later age as well . 
   i never actually ` learned ' english . 
  it just grows . 
  this . 
  i got my cae level 3/c2 degree last year and i never even touched a book . 
  playing games , watching movies and reading on the internet has made english practically second nature . 
  hell , i * prefer * my entertainment to be in english , and it 's infected my dutch speech to such a ludicrous degree that i sometimes have to stop and translate my thoughts * into my native language * while conversing in dutch . 
  circus ai n't that much fun when it 's built on top of your house . 
  eh , you 're probably safe . 
  it 's probably much less of a hassle to extend our dykes around vlaanderen instead of tracing that stupid shape of limburg , so you 'll be high and dry . 
  ^ ^ for ^ ^ a ^ ^ price , ^ ^ of ^ ^ course . 
  it is indeed rising . 
  problem is , while finland and sweden are rising , the netherlands are actually dropping . 
  give us back our land damnit , we need it !, 
  seriously , you can identify as a shoe for all i care , but you ca n't be a shoe during the day , a woman at night , a man every other week and a baseball cap every third wednesday of the month . 
  pick something and stick with it . 
  huh . 
  i need to be more active in national politics . 
  and i * still * need to watch that stream of the eu elections debate , damnit !, 
  i have never seen or heard of that guy before . 
  was this recent ?
