   the uk has by far the largest participation out of the big eu countries . . hey , netherlands of relevant !, 
  we 're rocking 80 % + and we were in the eu from the start !, 
  also , the economy is doing pretty well . 
  why do they always forget about us ... :(, 
  because even if you prefer wearing your shoes inside the house , if you 're coming over to my place , and i do n't want that , then you can either take off your shoes , or sod off . 
  you come over to a foreign country , and expect the host to learn your language because you wo n't learn the language of the country you are now * living * in ? 
  that 's just plain stupid . 
  there 's plenty of institutions and regulations in place to ease integration and help out immigrants , but learning a country 's language is the * least * anyone can do . 
  in fact , in the netherlands immigrants get a course in the dutch language , and then they have to pass a ( simple ) test . 
  if they ca n't pass it , they 're not going to be able to communicate with 95 % of the people , and they 're not going to be able to succesfully integrate into society , so they do n't get in . 
  simple as that . 
  was expecting this . 
  nice . 
  no i 'm not . 
  if i 'm missing glaringly obvious facts , please point them out to me , but most of the actual language has already boiled down to the state of being a dialect , just like you 'd see in the other rural or rural-ish provinces that are dialect-heavy ( e.g. 
  yes , frisians are holding onto the status as language with more dedication than the others , but it 's already more of a dialect than an actual language ( based off my experience conversing with young frisians ) . 
  as for the part i said about the culture : during my visits across the heavily guarded dmz between groningen and frisia i 've yet to experience culture shock . 
  i 'm certain you 've spent loads of time ` abroad ' ( for lack of a better term ) as well , so if i 'm wrong , please point it out to me if there is anything that would separate the province as having it 's own culture . 
  local culture ? 
  come on , the only real difference is the ~ ~ language ~ ~ dialect . 
  dutch provinces are the size of large cities , you 're not really seeing differences significant enough to call it ` culture preservation ' , right ? 
  damnit , why did n't think of this sooner !, 
  holy shit . 
  good thing they brought the fire department . 
  and above all , you might finally have to conform to driving on the right side !, 
  the netherlands are displayed as a chunk of land , we 're 30 % water dammit !, 
  the idea is not just that a dictatorship is bad , but that as long as that dictatorship is going on , there will always be rebel groups trying to eliminate the dictator , keeping the war going endlessly . 
  i have to say the ` putin goes scubadiving ' one kinda caught me off-guard . 
  i like some of the others though , particularly the first one . 
  it 's also stupidly impractical to try and build a wall around an entire continent , let alone find everyone with x ideology and put them there , but feel free to ignore that . 
  well the idea is to build a wall , let them clean eachother up , then we tear the wall down again and take back the land . 
  quite the elegant solution , really : it creates jobs in construction an gets rid of the radical islam problem without anyone having to get their hands dirty . 
  pfah , [ we 've ruled britania and her waves before ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/william_iii_of_england#proclaimed_king ) and we 'll do it again !, 
  as / r/cirkeltrek will attest , willem is the one true monarch , we will never bow before your false kings !, 
  yeah i 'm very surprised by this statement . 
  `` the voting on this treaty that does not say anything on our potential for eu membership will not deter us from pushing for eu membership . '', 
  like is that really supposed to surprise anyone ? 
  also '' [ bie de lidl ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=stw98a4zpuk ) '' ( `` at the lidl '' in a groningen ( dutch province ) accent ) . 
  it 's uh ... 
  it 's a thing . 
  i love the confusion in this little thread . 
  well ... 
  i suppose if you can get me an hourly wage ? 
  i do n't think i 'll be raking in a lot of money otherwise . 
  for once , it feels good to not be recognized . 
  please hire me for something :(, 
  seriously , i regularly play video games with an irishman , a brit , belgian , russian , americans , candians , a dane as well if i 'm not mistaken , but not a single dutchman . 
  i have dutch friends i hang out with in real life but none of them play the same games as i do , so i made it work this way . 
  i can highly recommend the internet . 
  wait , is that a thing people do ? 
  just walk up to random people at the pub to bother them ? 
  why ? 
  would you mind explaining how it 's not a clear link , but in a way that does n't take me three months ? 
   violated airspace and ignored warnings if you do this it does n't matter what country you 're from . 
  if an american plane in american airspace goes where it should n't and ignores warning it 'll get shot down , because it 's just implicitly dangerous . 
  they * introduced * net neutrality . 
  the netherlands was the only country with an official policy on it , and the eu 's is a watered down version with some suspicious loopholes , but it 's still an improvement . 
  i 'm fairly sure that guy also needed a / s. 
  god sarcasm has become a mess on this site . 
  there 's only really two sets of those container houses . 
  not really a whole bunch . 
  anon , apparently . 
  the full-caps anthem in every thread mentioning the dutch was brilliant as well . 
   what are you going to do ? 
  order the military to shoot women and children ? 
  by doing exactly that , yes . 
  it 's one of the benefits a royal family still provides . 
  it 's a central head of state that , because they do n't make actual decisions , is n't surrounded by divided opinions because of their policies or how the economy is doing . 
  i 'd like to give you an insightful response but we 're getting into the nitty-gritty of how a missile shield exactly functions and i do n't know enough about that to converse about that , sorry . 
  i 'm not saying anyone wants to do anything , i 'm just saying a missile shield , by definition is something scary when `` the other side '' builds it . 
  i 'm not making statements on who is right in believing what , but the parent commenter made it seem like being afraid of a missile shield is completely insane . 
  to be fair , a defensive missiles shield can also be the first step in an offensive . 
  build an innocent , defensive missile shield and then start a missile war , that kind of thing . 
  stayed at home . 
  did n't vote . 
  ammendment to the quran ? 
  nope , lunatic is right . 
   the term `` lunatic '' derives from the latin word lunaticus , which originally referred mainly to epilepsy and madness , as diseases thought to be caused by the moon https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/lunatic#history, 
  holy shiiiiiiiiiit, 
  i 'm so sorry , i hope you and your loved ones make it out alive . 
  those mosquitoes are not to be downplayed , they will eat you alive through your jeans and you ca n't even scare them off with huge stacks of smoke . 
  it makes perfect sense northern sweden is uninhabited , because it does not belong to man . 
  i that a uplay satellite dish ? 
  there 's definitely a whole lot to be said against those pizzas - a lot of people do n't like 'em and i do n't blame them . 
  that said , those who * do * like big americans should give those burgers a try . 
  i get plenty of flour on my hands , yes . 
  also prevents any issues with pizza cuts being floppy and tricky to eat . 
  i like them . 
  i used to eat these a lot in my subsidised dinner break when i still worked in a supermarket . 
  if you like those big american pizzas then this tastes pretty much just like that , it 's just way more convenient to eat since you do n't need to cut it and you keep your hands clean . 
  i 've always wondered how they record something like that , do they just bar off one of the only entrances to the station , possibly causing people to miss their train , or do they just record in the middle of the night and hope no one comes by ? 
  that seems unlikely , but fair enough . 
  a diet is just whatever you eat . 
  treat it like a noun , not a verb , and you 'll have a much healthier approach to food . 
  i said it can be as short as - i do n't know how much it is everywhere , but i know it can be as little as three months . 
  and i do n't think it 's a broad brush to say people with three months of training are not properly mentally prepared to deal with high-adrenaline situations where they face someone with a weapon . 
  also they 're poorly trained and are as such very quickly terrified by the situation , and then they just let loose . 
  in order to bcome a cop in the us , the training period can be as short as * three months * , they do n't even have time to get into how you defuse a situation peacefully . 
  hey , luxembourg has cheap gas !, 
  it 's a good one , at first i thought we were just included in the nazi flag because of the erdogan insults , but this actually * is * more offensive .
