  like whether or not lawyer and foyer rhyme . 
  honestly the fact that lawyer and foyer rhyme is probably not helpful for non-native speakers either . 
  i thought that since gemans are supposed to love rules learning the language would be straightforward once i memorized a few rules . 
  it turns out there are just a shitload of rules for me to constantly forget . 
  i 'm enjoying it though . 
   never pull out in a panic . 
  you 'll just make a mess . 
  tbh i 'd rather deal with the mess than the consequences of failing to pull out . 
  it 's a moot point though because i practice safe investing . 
  if you do n't mind me asking , why are you thinking if leaving germany ? 
  i 've been thinking about going the other way , us to germany via the blue card . 
  yeah i got a lot of replies saying this ... 
  i 've only been following german politics for about a year since i started learning german . 
  it 's nice to come here and get some context that i usually miss when i read articles in german . 
  what do you make of the fact that afd and die linke both did well in sachsen-anhalt ? 
  we have pizza rat though . 
  the rat that charmed an entire nation . 
  netherlands is the part of holland where the deutsch live . 
  it 's legal for me to drink on the train . 
  makes the ride home on friday a little bit more fun . 
  polish airlines flight pa142 was flying past some beautiful scenery . 
  the pilot came over the intercom and instructed all who were interested in seeing the gorgeous view to look out the right side of the plane . 
  many passengers did so , and the plane promply crashed . 
  why ? 
  too many poles in the right-half of the plane . 
  i actually have n't read any of her work . 
  i just checked out an article she wrote though , i 'll need to read more after my exams are finished . 
  a student group at my former university invited milo yiannopoulos to give a talk . 
  by all accounts this guy is a sexist and racist asshole . 
  but students that opposed his ideas decided the best course of action would be to attend the event and `` protest '' . 
  they smeared fake blood on their faces , got it all over the lecture hall , and started yelling . 
  it 's absolutely incredible the kind of shit that goes on at universities sometimes . 
  i 'm currently in control of your sovereignty . 
  i 'm keeping it in my garage underneath some old newspapers . 
  you can have it back in exchange for some stroopwafel, 
  thanks obama, 
  i played a video game once that had a war between emmeria ( totally not america ) and estovakia . 
  it taught me everything i need to know about eastern europe . 
  no but i 've done the reaction in the gif only to realize the function is in a toolbox that i did n't have . 
  such a tease, 
  [ tfw i find out matlab already has a toolbox function that otherwise would take me a whole day to write myself ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qonviyz.gif ), 
   m\u00fcnchen fuck this whole word , it 's just going to be munich now . 
  you too , n\u00fcrnberg, 
  did you mean $ 1800/month instead of 18k ? 
  18k/month would be $ 216,000 per year which is absolutely insane . 
  especially for a position in hotel management . 
  if you offered me a position with that salary right now i would quit my phd and fly out to qatar tomorrow if i had to . 
  the only plan i 've seen that kind of limit on is t-mobile 's $ 30 plan for 5 gb of data , unlimited sms , and 100 minutes of calling . 
  it was a great plan until i switched to project fi . 
  remove roastbeef . 
  you are the brit idiot you are the brit smell, 
  compatibility for devices that do n't handle webm 's i think, 
  yeah i know , but all the maps i usually see are of the entire continent . 
  i always get a chuckle when i look at an eu-only map and am reminded that these two countries somehow come together to look like a huge wang drooping over central europe . 
  i love when norway is excluded from maps and we 're treated to the giant cock and balls that is sweden + finland, 
   pack warm clothing though . 
  was there this winter for nye . 
  also recommend warm clothing, 
  when you 're down here america , [ you 'll float too !!!!!, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/opdddc4go6c?t=1m33s ), 
  i decide that john cena wins, 
  i do n't like all this talk . 
  i 'm going to start preemptively throwing some tea in the harbor . 
  it seemed to work last time, 
  i think that 's just an artifact of the camera or post-processing turning some of that haze green . 
  they look really similar to the orange and white haze towards the bottom of the sky . 
  still a really cool photo though, 
  not sure i 'm ready for all this greatness tbh, 
  liberty prime, 
  thanks for giving me an idea for my alternate history novel, 
  i 'm curious , is there any mainstream support in europe for a basic income ? 
  the only place i 've ever even heard it discussed is reddit which does n't really give a good idea of the general feelings of americans . 
  it 's * last year + 1 * for crying out loud !, 
  all of my graduate lectures are 2.5 hours . 
  [ you might still get some strange looks in japan ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cvnbuls.jpg ), 
  i 've never actually noticed how similar their hair is, 
  it 's also not as easy as just driving over the state border in some cases . 
  i still needed to go through the process of getting a firearms id card in new jersey before i could buy guns in pennsylvania . 
  fat slags is my personal favorite, 
  jesus christ can you imagine how fucked scotland would be if they voted to leave just months before the price of oil fell . 
  they 're free . 
  if your residual self image happens to involve you wearing a skull & crossbones fedora then you will get one automatically . 
  it 's also not true ( at least in nj where i live ), 
  some new upholstery , a fresh coat of paint , and she 's good to go . 
  you were my brother air0125 !, 
  i loved you !, 
   while in fact we absolutely lack any poles . 
  we are pole-less [ this footage i 've obtained says otherwise ] ( http://i.imgur.com/8vagl73.gifv ), 
  i do n't even know what that word means, 
  that 's definitely the right choice . 
  just have a look at these [ factual ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ogy3dgy_14 ) [ advertisements ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=notnay2mkgw ) for bicycles . 
  he was obviously talking about liberia . 
  he actually invited someone at a campaign event to go on stage and make sure it was real . 
  it 's definitely alive at least . 
  maybe some kind of strange animal that lives on his head like a parasite . 
  swedish meatballs are the bricks from which the foundation of swedish society is built . 
  he 'd have an unrealistic view of sex and the female body , growing up thinking all breasts are made of bronze . 
  is this the final boss of euro truck simulator ? 
  pffffftttt trivial details the critical part was the roses which this guy nailed . 
  it 's just a prank bro,
