lol i forgot about those commercials . 
  you guys really get the short end of the stereotype stick . 
   1700 % tip i would like to cordially invite you to visit my restaurant, 
  that 's what i get for skimming ... my b, 
  i get what you 're saying . 
  if i said `` i 'd like to go to america , but she is so far away . '', 
  it would be super weird . 
  in that case referring to the country as ` it ' is pretty much the only acceptable way to do it imo . 
  yeah the author of the article also mentioned he tried to open an estonian bank account but was told it would require a face to face meeting . 
  oh well maybe savannajeff will have an excuse for that vacation to estonia now . 
  one is normal , one is for base10 time . 
  i think they have a secret language that they only speak with other french people . 
  french is just the decoy language for foreigners to learn . 
  this will be the sixth time we have held these negotiations , and we have become exceedingly inefficient at it . 
  serious ? 
  yes . 
  deluded ? 
  yes . 
  it 's nice to see that china is also donating to the indiegogo campaign, 
  so we 're calling it the grisis now ? 
  he is saying that ted cruz and bernie sanders serve the same role in their respective parties . 
  bernie sanders and ted cruz are the `` extremists '' of their parties that are there to make the other candidates seem more reasonable . 
  not sure i agree with that idea though , but whatever . 
  too late . 
  i 've already given the order . 
  you get us in and we give you points . 
  my government has authorized me to make this deal on behalf of the entire us . 
  has anyone tried telling them how deeply concerned we all are about this ? 
  the only place i can think of where german is widely spoken would be in amish country in pennsylvania . 
  it makes it really hard to practice german :(, 
  [ :'\\ ) ] ( https://uproxx.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/fyeahamerica-montage.jpg ), 
  maybe i 'm just not playing them right , but i 've played plenty of beer pong and flip cup with no broken limbs . 
   breaks his leg playing one of those american drinking games with american party red cups i 'm now curious what games you think we play with our solo cups . 
  those damn brits !, 
  they ruined britain !, 
  hell , maybe if they open up a few more mcdonald 's we could start lifting some sanctions . 
  anyone that thinks the us turned into some kind of mad max wasteland during the shutdown should go ahead and read this article : http://www.nbcwashington.com/news/local/what-you-can-and-cant-do-during-a-government-shutdown-225824691.html, 
  if you actually look under each of these categories , it mentions how only nonessential activities were suspended . 
  if you look at nasa for instance , 97 % of the workers there were furloughed but they continued to support astronauts on the iss and maintain any spacecraft already in space . 
  `` complete shutdown of services '' is wrong . 
  emergency services were n't affected at all . 
  they were even still delivering mail . 
  this article has a good breakdown of how the average american was affected : http://www.nbcwashington.com/news/local/what-you-can-and-cant-do-during-a-government-shutdown-225824691.html, 
  maybe he got a cold after all that shirtless posing ... should 've worn a sweater, 
  * b-b-baka , it 's not like i wanted to be in your union anyway ... *, 
  freedom never sleeps . 
  the cost of our greatness is eternal vigilance ^ with ^ blood ^ sugar ^ monitors, 
  obama on fleek with those nukes tho, 
  how can we be sure that the greens have n't built a giant europe-sized snow making machine in order to trick us into caring about the environment ? 
  it 's the eyes man . 
  those droopy , dead eyes . 
  donald trump is going to make obama great again . 
  yeah sometimes i wonder if the future of `` a la carte '' tv will just be like 20 + streaming services that are each $ 5 - $ 10 per month . 
  right now i pay for hulu and netflix at $ 8 per month and mlb.tv for like $ 10 per month . 
  i might add something like sling tv but at that point it 's already getting close to the cost of cable . 
  thanks for clearing that up ... 
  i was so excited/confused when he said bcs is on netflix . 
  he crushed it in his neighbor 's hydraulic press, 
  mutti should marry erdogan to create the ~ ~ glorious fourth reich ~ ~ greatest sitcom in the history of television, 
  yeah you 're right that it 's worded correctly , but i think a good editor would have made sure it was written unambiguously . 
   poles killed more jews than they did germans  poles killed more jews than the germans did, 
  if only there was a list of burn centers in greece wikipedia article . 
  this is my guinea pig `` horny bastard '', 
  i seriously ca n't tell if this thread is an elaborate joke, 
  pretty sure puerto ricans have the same passports as everyone else . 
  they 'll most likely be a state soon anyway . 
   mh17 crash why exactly would this be a reason to say no to the deal ? 
  are people just concerned that it shows a general lack of stability in ukraine ? 
  that really sucks too , because fiat 500s are such classic , cool cars . 
  not that people driving a smart fortwo deserve to get laughed at or anything . 
  i never apologize when people on reddit give the us shit for things like tipping , nationalism , and not using metric . 
  with that said , i am so embarrassed that we are making '' - gate '' a thing . 
  `` there is a perfectly reasonable explanation for this . '', 
  `` can you tell me what it is ? '', 
  i 'm so triggered right now, 
  i lived in nyc and have seen a homeless person with his fingers up his own ass in the middle of a sidewalk during rush hour , among other things . 
  i was still surprised by how sketchy some areas of san francisco were and how aggressive and downright scary many of the homeless people there can be . 
  `` jesus told me we need a flat 10 % income tax rate . '', 
  ted cruz , probably, 
  no one is safe from all these amazing deals !, 
  please do n't talk about the sun , it is too bright and triggers my eyes . 
  i 'm so happy denmark-senpai noticed me, 
  it 'll be really interesting when the netherlands builds their land bridge to the us and reclaims new york as new amsterdam . 
  i 'd be able to drive from new amsterdam to amsterdam in just a few days . 
  tbh i 'd be down for a marathon of zulu , master and commander , then the great escape, 
  if you do n't have raccoons , who breaks into your trash cans and spreads garbage all over your lawn ? 
  they perform a vital service . 
  yeah definitely . 
  it 's just a loanword though , so the pronunciation is changing to fit american rules for pronouncing words . 
  foy-yer is definitely preferred where i live . 
  i guess another example would be the way orange sounds different in english and french even though they both come from old french . 
  yeah dictionary.com has both ways of saying it . 
  it seems we 've found another regional variation , 
  yeah i 've heard it both ways . 
  merriam webster just has foy-yer . 
  the recording for dictionary.com is actually `` foy-yer , or fo-yey '', 
  yeah they do when i say them . 
  [ i say lawyer like this ] ( http://forvo.com/search/lawyer/ ) [ and foyer like this ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/foyer ) my friend 's mom is from georgia though and says lawyer more like law-yer . 
  so the law part of lawyer actually sounds like the word law . 
  yeah there are a lot of online quizzes that can determine where you are from based on stuff like this .
