  or something like that . 
  i asked my language exchange friend to describe how their system works . 
  she sent me two audio messages explaining it in both english and german and i still did n't understand how it was supposed to work . 
  this post made me realize why it was so difficult . 
  i do n't have a car but i 'd run him down with [ this bad boy ] ( https://images-na.ssl-images-amazon.com/images/i/41gvkimzhql.jpg ), 
  it 's ok they banned the whistleblower from competing . 
  the integrity of the olympics has been saved . 
  i hate that i 'm doing this , but just a small correction that he purchased magazines and not clips which are different things . 
  ^ please ^ do n't ^ hate ^ me ^ just ^ a ^ pet ^ peeve ^ of ^ mine . 
  some lady on rt is saying that witnesses said the shooter was white and yelling racial slurs . 
  [ there is also this video of a man yelling `` i am german '' from the roof of a parking garage and then shooting . ] ( https://twitter.com/conflicts/status/756553983250931712 ) . 
  beyond that there is literally zero proof of anything . 
  the suspects have n't even been caught , so anyone telling you about their motives ( neo-nazi , islamist , isis ) is full of shit . 
  but who 's going to pay for it ? 
  yeah i would n't go by what you see in the movies . 
  at least with my circle of friends budweiser is not something you would bring to a party . 
  if you ever get a chance to try some good beers here then dogfish head and shiner bock are two that i think are available in most of the country . 
  these breweries have a lot of seasonal varieties as well that might have limited availability . 
  if you can find a bar that specializes in craft beer usually they will also have several beers that are only available in a small area , maybe even just one state . 
  he probably means smaller craft breweries that do n't ship to europe . 
  you see those warriors from turkey ? 
  they 've got curved swords . 
  curved . 
  swords . 
  i was so surprised to see that he lives in a small town in pennsylvania . 
  i go there pretty regularly because i belong to a shooting range that 's like 15 km from where he lives . 
  there 's nothing of interest out there in that part of the state . 
  how exciting !, 
  this young creative team sounds like so much fun i 'll never want to leave the office . 
  does 50-70 hours per week sound alright ? 
  it also sounds like the company is going through some hard times so i understand if you ca n't give me a pay raise for the first 3 years . 
  wow you 're a very generous tipper, 
  jesus christ that 's worse than i was expecting . 
  what a fucking crazy week this has been . 
  the leader of the labour party is about to be sacked and it 's like maybe the tenth most interesting thing that 's happened so far . 
  yeah you can just click suggest an edit and purposely screw things up if you 're so inclined . 
  they have a contributor feature where you can actually suggest translations for phrases they give you and mark translations given by others as valid or invalid . 
  i 'm not sure what you need to do to become a contributor , it just popped up on the main page of google translate for me this morning . 
  a bad day for europe -  ein guter tag f\u00fcr europa a bad day for europe -  ein schlechter tag f\u00fcr europa a bad day for europe -  une mauvaise journ\u00e9e pour l'europe une mauvaise journ\u00e9e pour l'europe -  ein guter tag f\u00fcr europa une mauvaise journ\u00e9e pour l'europe -  a bad day for europe une mauvaise journ\u00e9e pour l'europe -  ein schlechter tag f\u00fcr europa google translate works by looking at texts that have been translated by humans and uses machine learning to compare the texts in both languages and learn how to translate different texts . 
  my guess is that it saw something like `` this could be a good day for europe or a bad day for europe . '', 
  it probably got confused when looking at the german translation and `` learned '' that `` a bad day for europe '' = `` ein guter tag f\u00fcr europa '' . 
  with the beginning of the sentence capitalized it will draw on a different example which it was able to learn correctly . 
  it also seems that it performs french -  german by actually doing french -  english -  german . 
  i thought we were going to white collar resort prison ? 
  yeah those are controlled by members of the u.s. air force . 
  wow that union sounds nice . 
  i wonder if the uk could just join since they trade with them so much . 
  haha thanks . 
  i 'm not proud that it took me an hour to make this today since i suck at gimp ... 
  it was your ravioli, 
  when i called the yougov a bull trap i really meant london districts reporting . 
  buckle up boys . 
  well nigel `` conceding '' and those results from yougov ended up causing quite the bull trap . 
  tomorrow i 'll have to ask my friend that works on wall street what his night was like . 
  whatever dude haters gon na hate . 
  * hops in my old-timer and drives away *, 
  not to offend any brits here , but i would n't even be surprised if launching eggs at your local mp was a time honored tradition there . 
  like if someone told me `` oh yeah today is st. smithmarch 's day , for half a millennium we have been throwing eggs at government officials on this day . 
  usually we just make an effigy of our mp and all throw eggs at it and parade it through the street but this cunt actually went and threw an egg at the real one . '', 
  our hat is polite enough to send us their hockey players so we can prevent them from winning the stanley cup . 
  they 're the best hat we could ever ask for . 
  just a small nitpick but that article should probably be updated since there were 68 civilians killed and 35 wounded at pearl harbor . 
  i think some dude in oregon was also killed by a japanese bomb that they floated across the pacific via a balloon . 
  edit : i looked it up for anyone curious , it was actually a sunday school teacher that was going on a picnic with five of her students . 
  her husband was driving and pulled the car over because she was feeling ill and wanted to get out of the car . 
  she and the students walked into the woods to stretch their legs , and they found the bomb in the woods about 100 meters off the road . 
  the bomb went off and killed the teacher along with all five students . 
  the husband was not harmed since he stayed near the car and was having a conversation with some nearby construction workers . 
  very sad . 
  it seems that they have also banned prayer during breaks . 
  this is from another article :  she said that prayer is also not allowed during break times and added : `` we have reminded our students about it and reprinted our code of conduct because we have had some incidents that required that we brush up on things . '', 
  by accommodate i just mean allow students to excuse themselves during lunch , find a quiet place ( multipurpose room , empty classroom , school auditorium , basically any quiet space that is n't being used during the prayer time ) , face mecca and do their thing , and then leave and go back to school . 
  i went to a large public university , and our student centers had a dedicated `` interfaith meditation room '' where students could do this . 
  a smaller school may not be able to do this , but i would be very surprised to learn that they could not find any space at all for their students to use for a few minutes . 
  i do n't think the school should be forced to announce prayers over the pa system for instance , but it does n't sound like the students want this kind of thing . 
  yeah at work we had a muslim guy that would just run off to an empty conference room , say his prayers , then return and keep working . 
  as far as we were concerned it was just like taking a bathroom break and no one felt the need to make a big fuss . 
  i see a lot of people here acting like these students are going to be standing up in the middle of lecture every couple hours and do their prayers loudly in the back of the classroom . 
  i think making a little effort to accommodate these students could make things a lot smoother and easier for everyone . 
  [ tutting intensifies ], 
  in 1949 new jersey passed a law that customers could not pump their own gas for safety reasons . 
  this was n't too unusual since full service gas stations where an attendant would pump your gas , wash your windows , and take a look under the hood were still the norm back then . 
  as self serve gas stations became popular , we could n't get them because of the law prohibiting them , so they never caught on here . 
  it 's unique enough that a lot of people see it as part of the state 's identity and a [ point of pride ] ( http://www.zazzle.com/jersey_girls_dont_pump_gas_t_shirt-235618510875945502 ) . 
  any politician that says we should change the law will be accused of being a job killer . 
  the headline `` state legislator wants to put thousands of hard working new jerseyans out of a job '' pretty much writes itself . 
  so there 's no real desire to get the law changed , even though i think it really should be . 
  yeah i 've been at home the past few weeks helping to take care of my mom who just had surgery . 
  either me or my dad need to be home pretty much all the time , so i 've basically been spending all my free time on reddit or watching baseball . 
  i browse / r/europe a lot, 
  yeah i understood what you were trying to say no problem , i was just a little surprised to hear someone with self-service gas stations using that phrase . 
  i actually live in one of the two states where it is illegal to pump your own gas so i just assumed that phrase did n't get much use outside of my state . 
   i would n't trust them to pump my gas wait do n't you guys have self service gas stations ? 
  yeah it gave me a lot of perspective i guess . 
  at the same time though people are going to complain whenever the price goes up . 
  in 1998 it used to be just about $ 1 . 
  which is a little less than $ 1.50 adjusted for inflation . 
  yeah i knew gas prices in europe are higher , but it was still pretty shocking when in iceland and had to fill up . 
  i bought gas last week at costco in the us and it was $ 2.05 per gallon . 
  that works out to about $ 0.54 / liter , or $ 0.47 / liter .
