why are you projecting ? 
  he never mentioned or implied class superiority . 
  even though i personally think chavs in all cultures are self-destructive retards , i do n't think all poor people are bad . 
  they mostly work , even if it is just a low-paying job , it is still necessary to our society . 
  you ca n't say the same about chavs . 
  double opposite is the same as double negative . 
  a sad day for serbia . 
  good , we 'll wipe the floor with your pathetic swedish asses . 
  explain ? 
  english yelling `` science ! '', 
  just sounds very enthusiastic , lol . 
  well look what leaving that behind got him instead . 
  hungary needs a trump-esque great wall . 
  a yellow crescent moon and star to replace it , perhaps ? 
  i do n't think that would piss off anyone ... 
  i like your attitude . 
  downvoted for facts . 
  hold onto your fedoras before you dive into these * euphoric * comments . 
  `` xdddddddddddd '', 
  restraining someone is not `` assault '' . 
  and that 's all they were doing . 
  other way around . 
  based chinese . 
  yeah , only after it became successful ... 
  haha , what an epic oc meme !, 
  dublin is probably more muslim than catholic , lmao . 
  * hand rubbing intensifies *, 
  to me , the number of young right wingers like me was like a breath of fresh air after returning from holiday in the us . 
  america can be a really disgusting place . 
  trust me , you want nothing to do with the left wing . 
  do n't listen to everything reddit tells you . 
  you 've had too much reddit , tomek . 
  something tells me i 'm not exactly going to regret missing this eurovision . 
   go go  back back  to to  stormfront tumblr your `` opinion '' is useless outside of your hugbox . 
  what kind of person opposes discussion ? 
  oh my god are you trolling or what ? 
  because you got me laughing pretty hard . 
  all of europe is getting massively fucked by the eu . 
  the pepe market is dead . 
  french - 1, 
  hand waving is a national sport here . 
  i somehow doubt our stats . 
  you ever been to austria ? 
  i doubt that there are lower levels of english proficiency there than there are here . 
  `` polish politics are very good '', 
  counter strike source . 
  all those multiplayer mods . 
  it just had everything ... 
  currently at 1,1 k hours ; _ ;, 
  stupid foreigners stop exploiting us you arent poor go away, 
  they 're never gon na correct their behaviour , full stop . 
  fair point . 
  i guess i ` d have to look into it more . 
  the reason i said that is because every swede i 've met has made it clear how much they were against what the government is doing , how most swedes are as well and so on . 
  maybe because it 's not the swedish people who want to be `` accepting and tolerant '' , but the government . 
  yes , but it 's highly unlikely that they would want to break this law . 
  i thought that as well . 
  not sure how accurate this map is , but for now , i 'm very doubtful . 
  deutschland looking a bit blue over there . 
  we are not fucking belarus . 
  ok , like mining/truckdriving/construction ? 
  good for them i guess . 
  worth a try , although it will almost certainly fail . 
  ca n't decide between latvia and lithuania . 
  the problems i see is the fact that so many gays are having not so casual casual sex all the time , spreading stds much more than straight people . 
  they also tend to promote feminism which i 'm against , atleast here . 
  i guess i would not really have too much of a problem of it being legal to be identified as a married couple , as long as a catholic church will not be expected to perform a marriage ceremony . 
  because it is not marriage and it should not be classed as such . 
  i do n't think that allowing `` marriage '' of gay couples would help with preventing the many issues among the gay community , so i just do n't see the point . 
  i only see bad things coming from legalisation . 
  it 's not an invasion guys !, 
  now that 's what i call progressive !, 
  guys , ca n't you see ? 
  this proves that all migrants are good boiz , and all those other rape claims are probably fake as well !, 
  that 's because you probably grew up in a multicultural hellhole . 
  what is this garbage and why did you think it woukd be worth reading ? 
  the eu has done nothing for europe . 
  quit trolling you basement dweller . 
  give it a little think and come back to us . 
  this eli5 shit is so dumb . 
  lithuania immigrated to scotland ? 
  both are wrong , both screwed up . 
  he says , while he uses the israel flag . 
  i hope to god this is ironic . 
  it 's getting harder and harder to be qualified enough for most jobs . 
  maybe it 's still fairly easy , however , standards are rising because there is still a relatively low demand for jobs , while the population is increasing rapidly , you can see how it would be hard to keep up . 
  you may have your grievances with some working class people , and i 'm not denying that people like that exist , but it does n't nullify the real problem caused to most people who are unable to make a living because of the full job market . 
   the being cheap argument makes no sense here , there are minimum wage laws . 
  the locals get paid the same as the immigrants , its just that the immigrants are more likely to take jobs that the locals perceive as beneath them , and then bitch that the immigrants are taking their jobs because it sounds better than `` im a lazy cunt '' . 
  what ? 
  i ca n't say i 've heard of anyone not applying for a job because it 's `` beneath them . '', 
  have you been around the unemployed british working class ? 
  most of them are desperate to find any work , and would gladly take a job if they knew an immigrant would not fill in the position . 
  some of them are lazy , it makes sense that lazy people are unemployed , but let 's not generalize . 
  i also dont think it 's the lazy people who perceive immigrants as their problem and blame them . 
   you make it sound like we are living in a third world country with slaves and shit , but the rules apply to everyone . 
  no , this is happening , it 's a real issue . 
  try telling the thousands of people out of a job , trying to get into the job market that all of them are just `` lazy cunts '' who are blaming migrants for their lack of employment . 
  not everyone can be top range in their market and gain easy access to any job they want . 
  even if it is a level playing field , my point still stands .
