  `` spontaneosaur '' sounds like a name that ross would choose for himself . 
  that means nobody else is athier than you ? 
  i 'm just a little athy , to be honest . 
  hm ... this might be a problem with my screen at home . 
  i 'm at work now and can see the difference much clearer . 
  still , it 's the same color twice , which makes it harder to read at a glance for no good reason . 
   makes me ashamed to say i have their blood . 
  you should n't be , but you should tell us details . 
  i 'm just asking because this thread is making me so angry , and i 'm hoping your story includes a few nice travellers who settled down and raised their kid to be more than just a monkeyslave ... 
  what 's the bright line in the middle of southern atlantic ? 
  it looks like there is more travel between europe and south america than between north and south america . 
  although maybe that 's only because the routes are more `` focussed '' . 
  not sure how serious of a comment this is , but i 'll just take it at face value . 
  i 'm pretty certain the land route hardly matters for traffic between , say , brazil and the us . 
  goods travel almost exclusively by ship , people by plane . 
  damn - i knew i should have had a look at [ that pan-american highway thread ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/1f6is9/map_of_the_panamerican_highway_13251828/ ) . 
  does it have something to do with [ time zones ] ( / answer ) ? 
   tyrion was heir-apparent to the westerlands, 
  somehow nobody seems to disagree with you on this ... 
  tyrion is the heir if you strictly abide by the laws , of course . 
  but tywin never planned on doing so , and i do n't even thing anyone in westeros expected him to . 
  * jaime * is the one who will inherit casterly rock . 
  yes , yes , kingsguard ca n't inherit , but they also are n't supposed to kill the king and fuck their sister , and jaime did both . 
  did you grab this chance to get out of school for at least a week ? 
  i mean , your dad just overdosed , nobody will expect you to show up for class the next day . 
  reformatted for easier readability ( also fixed some their/there 's and such ) :, 
  throwaway account here . 
  let me preface this story by saying that all of this went down because i was in a bi-polar state of mania . 
  fourteen years ago i was nineteen . 
  i lived in dallas texas , had a good job and my own apartment in the suburbs . 
  things were going well for me , but i began taking prozac and xanax for anxiety . 
  the medication threw me into a religious mania that i would later discover to be the onset of my bipolar type 2 disorder . 
  i had an unusually good paying job for my age . 
  i was making about $ 700 a week working in an office doing data entry . 
  this was the late nineties and a job like this was n't that unusual in the city . 
  i was all alone in dfw area , as my parents had taken work in another state . 
  i have a relative that is a grifter . 
  she figured out that i had gone crazy and was manipulating me into giving her money . 
  she lived in indiana at the time . 
  we would have long conversations about god and jesus on the phone , then somehow i would get conned into sending her a few hundred dollars so she could `` get by . '', 
  i was a huge loner and had no one to set me straight . 
  this escalated into me buying her a used car . 
  i finance this car and was going to take a few days off to drive it to indiana . 
  on my way there , there was a little old man hitch hiking on the freeway in east texas . 
  he was what one would consider to be `` hardcore homeless . '', 
  he was dirty and tattered and very ugly . 
  his story was that he had been homeless in dallas and was hitch hiking his way to indiana to go meet a woman he had met online . 
  according to him , she had never seen him before , but after emailing back and forth on a 1999 dating website she invited him up . 
  so anyway , he rode with me the whole way from east texas to indiana . 
  i even went a hundred miles out of my way to get him to his destination . 
  this whole time i had these thoughts and feelings that i was sent by the lord to rescue and help him and my relative . 
  during this time , i felt that everything was god 's providence and that i was a very special person sent to earth to help people . 
  i was very high from the medication . 
  i had a messiah complex , and felt on top of the world . 
  anyway , i got this guys email address and fast forward a few weeks , i am back in dallas . 
  things had n't worked out romantically for my homeless friend . 
  apparently , a couple hours after i had left him on the stoop of his online love interest she made him leave . 
  he had had to hitch hike back to texas right away . 
  i guess he misrepresented himself and she freaked out . 
  i do n't blame her . 
  so i find out he is staying in a homeless shelter in the city . 
  i go to the homeless shelter and ask around for him . 
  i find him and offer him to live for free with me in my apartment . 
  the way the shelter works is that when a person leaves they lose their bed , and one is screwed if things do n't work out by leaving . 
  well he reluctantly decided to get his stuff and move in with me into my luxury apartment in the ` burbs . 
  for the first few day or so he accompanied me everywhere . 
  i showed him off at my church and took him to a chuch superbowl party . 
  i casually explained to everyone that i had taken in a homeless hitch hiker because i was just such a great christian . 
  everyone was pretty freaked out because he was really dirty and obnoxious . 
  so i had him living in my apartment just hanging out all day while i was working , then when i would get home i would parade him around at my various religious social functions . 
  this went `` well '' for a few days until come to find out he ran out of heroin . 
  he started to get really sick at my apartment . 
  he was deathly ill and started getting really mean and belligerent . 
  he was even pissed at me that i had been condescending him by parading him around to people at my mega church . 
  it escalated into him grabbing a butcher knife and chasing me around the apartment . 
  i ended up puncing him in the head and getting him out the door . 
  he was gone all night . 
  in the morning he knocked on the door and said he had slept all night underneath some apartment stairs . 
  he wanted me to drive him to a certain highway and leave him hitch hike away . 
  i gave a coat some supplies and $ 70 dollars and dropped him off in the middle of nowhere . 
  in hindsight i ca n't believe i had been such a religious ass hole . 
  tldr ; took homeless man into my home because i was experiencing a religious mania due to bipolar disorder . 
  things did n't work out and he ends up trying to kill me . 
  - - - [ end of transcript . ], 
  i 'd like to add that it did not end with the homeless guy trying to kill our idealist , but with them still driving him around and giving him some money and supplies * after he tried to murder them * . 
   and preferably a body that would n't get crushed at great depths due to pressure . 
  that does n't really happen . 
  our bodies are mostly water , and water is hardly compressible even at very high pressures . 
  if you do n't need your lungs , you 'll be ok . 
  i do n't even understand what 's so mind-boggling about it . 
  i 'm not saying you 'd survive being kicked out of a submarine at the ground of the atlantic if you only had enough air with you . 
  but the bodies of the titanic passengers looked pretty much unchanged when they first hit the ground , they were n't crushed . 
  fish live in the sea , and they are n't crushed either ( nor do they spontaneously explode the instant that we pull them out of the water ) . 
  there would be some minor problems with the actual cavities , for instance in your ear , but this only requires minor additional modifications . 
   edit : ` hodor ' is only used as a surname . 
  if one of them names their son hodor , that poor kid will actually have to introduce himself as `` hodor hodor '' !, 
  you 're wasting a lot of money by being * honest * . 
  `` i , wendellschadenfreude , [ contact information over some proxy ] , can make everybody in the world hear my voice * whenever i want to * , and next time , i could be talking about * your * company ! '', 
  i was still too confused by why it 's not 2000th street to even notice this . 
  how did 168 people upvote this comment , but nobody linked to the gif in question ?
