  if everything happened the way you described it with the pressed claim as well , i would guess that the duke of cheremisa or the king of volga bulgaria ( in either case : your vassal ) claimed the county of merya while your were waging the war for jerusalem . 
  in that case , the character who later got jerusalem lost merya and became unlanded during the war and thus would n't have been your vassal anymore . 
  that , or you were using some mod , or you simply had a weird bug - but the game mechanic * is * that when you press a claim for your vassal , that vassal stays in your realm unless his new title is too high to do that . 
  ( the thing you wrote about with the wrong color for merya/jerusalem on the map : that often happens with inheritances . 
  goes away if you switch into a different map mode and then back again . ), 
  no , any landed title within your realm is fine . 
  you 're playing a very difficult character . 
  for your own sake , i really hope you simply fail and are absorbed by the greeks . 
  just imagine : on your first serious try , you manage to beat the byzantine empire , while playing as tiny croatia . 
  boring game after that ? 
  no , it wo n't . 
  people in this thread who say that it will if you 're an emperor are simply wrong . 
  if he inherits a higher title than the one he has right now , * that * title determines who 's vassal he is . 
  if it 's an independent kingdom , he will take his old county and become independent ; if the kingdom is part of a foreign empire , he will join that empire . 
  just imagine if you were the king 's current liege : your vassal kingdom is * not * going to leave your realm just because some foreign * count * is next in the line of succcession . 
  you can protect that county by making the guy a king in your realm , of course . 
  ( bit expensive , but possible . ), 
  or simply revoke it . 
  there would be a notification the county would leave your realm upon the count 's death - in this case , the county will leave your realm because somebody * outside * of your realm dies . 
  there is no notification for that . 
  even if he 's an emperor , the count will no longer be his vassal upon inheriting a kingdom from outside the realm . 
  you 're probably thinking about pressed claims , which work differently . 
  nope , it becomes germany after that . 
  kingdom level title , while hre is an empire . 
  somebody founding it . 
  they need enough land and must fulfil some other conditions . 
  this usually does n't happen . 
  in games started at the tog date , the hre is rarely formed unless the player forms it . 
  ( it 's an empire just like britannia or russia . 
  when somebody has enough land and stuff , they can found it . 
  but usually , nobody does . ), 
   this warning is n't applicable in this situation either , as the title is n't going out , rather it is coming in . 
  it is a title going out , the county will be lost . 
  i think the warning just is n't applicable because the death that causes the loss of land would be the death of a person * outside * of the realm - the foreign king . 
  for roleplaying : your sons . 
  for stability : the most distant relative you can find . 
  your sons are a dangerous choice , because they will inherit claims on the empire title upon your death . 
  your main heir gets the title first , but if his brothers are strong enough , one of them might rebel and take the empire for himself . 
  so this still shows all of sheikh najjar as being held by the opposition . 
  do we know if that 's correct ? 
  prisoners ca n't educate children . 
  they also ca n't marry ( norse rape except ) . 
  from orthodox to catholic ? 
  get some catholic courtier ( not prisoner ) to educate your heir . 
  once your ruler is catholic , remember to convert all your powerful dukes as well . 
  or mend the schism , and make everybody else become orthodox instead . 
  fabricate a claim on one of their countries ( or get a claim by acquiring a higher tier title ) so that you can conquer some land by other means than holy war . 
  after you conquer the province , the barony level vassals remain in power . 
  have one of them educate your heir . 
  or one of their courtiers . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=doxqzwvt7g8&amp;feature=player_detailpage#t=74 ), 
  there 's probably a significant number of people on reddit who have a net wealth of below zero . 
  the typical american student or recent graduate - owns nothing of value , is in debt . 
  they still are n't necessarily in trouble or `` poor '' by more restrictive definitions . 
   dont most of those people live off of less than a dollar a day ? 
  no , only about one third of them . 
  there are about 1.2 billion people in the world who live on [ less than $ 1.25 per day . 
  ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/briefing/21578643-world-has-astonishing-chance-take-billion-people-out-extreme-poverty-2030-not ), 
  you 're mostly talking about income inequality , not inequality in wealth/property . 
  and then you also talk about something else entirely , apparently . 
   even more important is , the pareto principle suggests a minimum of 5:1 and the dunbar number strongly suggests a maximum of about 150:1 . 
  for pareto , this is a bit of a stretch . 
  the `` pareto principle '' is also known as the 80-20 rule . 
  pareto * observed * that in many cases , 80 % of some asset ( e.g. 
  land ) is owned by 20 % of the people . 
  but at least this is still related to the discussion . 
  the dunbar number is 150 , but it has nothing at all to do with income/wealth inequality . 
   dunbar 's number is a suggested cognitive limit to the number of people with whom one can maintain stable social relationships . 
  these are relationships in which an individual knows who each person is and how each person relates to every other person . 
  more than 25 % of the respondents in germany and sweden claimed to be `` evangelicals '' . 
  they were probably all mainline protestants in american terms . 
  ( evangecial lutherans , not `` evangelicals '' . ), 
  it 's mostly used as a generic `` rebel flag '' . 
  i think the people flying it want to show that they love their personal freedom and are somewhat `` anti-establishment '' . 
  they do n't want to comment on states ' rights , slavery , racism , or anything that actually has to do with america . 
  if i had to knock on the door of that trailer ( to ask for the way or something ) , i 'd much rather be a black man in jeans than a white man in a suit . 
  you think so ? 
  i 'm german , and i have no idea what a duke of hazard is . 
  i 'll hold that bet as far as the iraqis are concerned . 
  if they decided to invade , they 'd have another civil war to fight . 
  if only he 'd ignored those warnings back then . 
  no more saddam , no draining of the marshes , no destruction of karbala , no second gulf war . 
  14 years old and your own daughter was still considered rather progressive . 
  liar !, 
  he wrote hogshead , if you searched for hogshead ** s ** , you would n't have found this comment at all . 
  presents . 
  you spend your money to buy stuff that other people may or may not like . 
  the only thing you know about this stuff is that they did n't buy it themselves , so they probably do n't really need it all that bad . 
  in turn , the other person does the same for you . 
  both of you would be better off if you just kept your money and bought the stuff that you * actually * want . 
  and if you ever see anything that `` would be perfect for my friend joe '' - tell him !, 
  joe will appretiate the fact that you thought about him , and he might even aggree and buy that thing . 
  ( presents for children except . ), 
  [ peeling bananas from the wrong end . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nbjv56wudng ), 
  we 're using ( ball ) pens for many tasks for which pencils are actually much better . 
  they never run out of ink , and they can be * erased * , for god 's sake !, 
  op 's suggestion would only stretch the work day out by four hours . 
  instead of 9-5 , it would be 7-7 . 
  7-3 for 20 % of the people , 8-4 for another 20 % , and so on .
