  ( incidentally , that 's quite exactly what i make . ), 
  that 's certainly not much , but it sounds about right for your own apartment in a not-too-fancy district , a cheap ( used ) car , and all the other things you mentioned - provided you do n't travel and you do n't go out much ( if ever ) . 
  - i 'm assuming that your mother also rarely travelled or partied in 1989 . 
  of course , it 's also possible that your mother worked more than 40 hours per week . 
  from skimming that post , i can see nothing of interest . 
  yes , the us supported islamists in afghanistan against the soviets . 
  that 's common knowledge . 
  the us also supported the libyan rebels against gaddafi , even though many of them were islamists - again , common knowledge . 
  the us also supports the `` fsa '' , even though many fsa groups have links to jihadists - common knowledge . 
  where does he actually come to the point where he `` proves that the cia created isis '' ? 
  it appears to me that he does n't even talk about this at all . 
   why are you so certain that western media is unbiased and objective ? 
  you do n't need to be unbiased and objective to be better than * that * . 
  claiming that isis is an `` american takfiri zionist project '' is not the same thing as admitting that the us has repeatedly supported islamist groups or groups with links to islamists - which , incidentally , the western media admits freely . 
  the problem is not simply that this is a crazy theory - it 's that it makes it impossible to understand what is acutally happening . 
  e.g. , why would the us bomb their american takfiri project to protect kobane ? 
   finally , `` by way of deception , thou shalt war '' ist actually the slogan of mossad . 
  mossad 's slogan is `` where there is no guidance , a nation falls , but in an abundance of counselors there is safety . '', 
  the one you mentioned was also used in the past . 
  it can also be translated as `` by * wise guidance * you can wage your war '' , instead of `` deception '' . 
  either way - so what ? 
  it 's an intelligence agency . 
  go figure * what * ? 
  the post you linked to is titled `` proof cia created isis '' - but what it really offers is `` history lesson to show that the actions of the us in the middle east are partly responsible for the fact that isis could become what it is today '' - nobody doubts that . 
  but it 's not remotely similar to the initial claim . 
  really ? 
  he gives his reason for thinking this in the same sentence : it must be the cia , because no muslim would ever do such a thing . 
  - and you think that man is credible ? 
  what 's happening with america 's eyes in the last panel ? 
  let 's just change these up a little bit . 
  since you 're now bad drivers , you can for instance be good dancers . 
  frenchmen are also afraid of cows , and you are the best nation at paragliding , tied only with the peruvians . 
  does that sound acceptable ? 
  then why has the ccd problem * declined * over the past few years , while neonicotinoids are used more than ever ? 
  [ us epa  ( http://www2.epa.gov/pollinator-protection/colony-collapse-disorder ), 
   once thought to pose a major long term threat to bees , reported cases of ccd have declined substantially over the last five years . 
  the number of hives that do not survive over the winter months -- the overall indicator for bee health -- has maintained an average of about 30.5 percent since 2008 . 
  while winter losses remain relatively high , the number of those losses attributed to ccd has dropped from roughly 60 percent of total hives lost in 2008 to 31.1 percent in 2013 . 
   and having the wedding so incredibly soon is also kind of strange . 
  * soon * ? 
  i 've been thinking since the moment she arrived at winterfell - `` what the hell are the boltons waiting for ? '', 
  the wedding could have happened on the day of her arrival , there was absolutely no reason to wait and let her roam around the castle for a few weeks . 
  just to be clear : he certainly is suspended with pay at the moment , and that 's exactly what he should be . 
  the case seems clear enough , but he has n't been convicted for anything yet , so he should be treated like he 's innocent . 
  i hope he 'll lose his job and his pension , and spend a few years in prison ( and i 'm pretty sure he will ) , but i 'm glad that he 's suspended with pay now . 
  in addition to what gomensasai said , it 's also the unintelligibility of the ( expected ) destruction . 
  everybody knows that you kill your enemy in war . 
  it 's sad , but understandable . 
  but destroying art and buildings that lasted 2,000 years and more ? 
  why would any human ever do such a thing ? 
  but you are right , of course : we should care more about the suffering of people than about the disarrangement of some old stones . 
   the probability of damaging the enemy troops is almost 0 . 
  i believe that 's not the main objective of the barrel bomb campaigns . 
  their plan is to make all civilians leave the cities - in theory to prepare for a ground assault , which is much easier when you do n't have to take hold back because you might hurt innocent people . 
  it 's a mystery to me how you can send thousands of soldiers through hundreds of kilometers of open desert against an enemy who has complete air superiority . 
  the syrian airforce seems to be pretty useless recently . 
  that 's why i said `` in theory '' . 
  in theory , they want to retake these cities immediately . 
  in reality , the saa has n't taken any cities recently . 
  it wo n't . 
  you can finish your game in the old version ( by loading it in steam ) if you want to , but you wo n't get any of the new features without starting a new game . 
  for calling them animals , or for implying that chemical weapons should be used against them ? 
  is this a real photo , or a screenshot from csl ? 
  extremely useful map . 
  i would not include the administrative boundaries , they are just useless clutter . 
  yes , if germany had fptp * and * germans were idiots who kept voting as before . 
  for a more realistic guess of what the bundestag would look like , first add up the votes of greens and spd , and add about 50 % of the left voters . 
  that should be enough to get them another 100 or so seats . 
   there is no 100 % `` proof '' that she is lying . 
  what would that even be ? 
  short of her saying into a microphone `` he did not rape me '' , what evidence could there possibly that something * did n't * happen ( or happened consensually ) ? 
  so in short : there is no * this * . 
  you just posted a screenshot of a game that has a normal amount of `` unusual '' things happening . 
  what now ? 
  neue z\u00fcrcher zeitung ( german language , from switzerland ), 
  and , of course , bild . 
  those are some of the most imporant german newspapers , and they are decidedly not-left . 
  i do n't think most people know how to pronounce that . 
  [ the king of queens and his wife for instance . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gqhhdy_gpcw ), 
   turkey and saudi arabia are finally working together to fight terrorism, 
  ... by directly supporting al quaeda ? 
  [ pork cycle ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pork_cycle ) . 
  if many people in your generation feel that going to college is a waste of time and money , then there wo n't be enough people graduating college in a few years . 
  college is fun . 
  you should go there if you want to do something that a college degree is useful for , or if you want to learn something that can only really be learned at college . 
  you should n't not go there if you feel that e.g. 
  an apprenticeship would actually suit you better . 
  it 's a tough choice . 
  he correctly corrected someone who used a wrong spelling . 
  he also included pronounciation advice that was also correct . 
  you then called him a clueless pedant and tried to correct something he had said that already * was * correct . 
  you better just stop talking in this thread entirely , you 're not looking good in here . 
  all of your ideas sound good . 
  if your landlord is just a normal landlord , he will probably be quite surprised to receive a gift . 
   probably will be the only one too . 
  switzerland will have to hold a referendum on wether they should feel insulted by this comment . 
   there are a few spots where it is not complete yet , sometimes to the disadvantage of the marriage , sometimes to the disadvantage of civil unions ( yes , there are actually a few situations where you have less legal rights if you are married ), 
  examples would be welcome , for either case . 
  do n't sell your government short .
