  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jigsaw_puzzle ), 
  paradox might want to include this fact with a popup or something . 
  although it 's such an unimportant backwater , i 'm not sure if anyone ever really plays in that region . 
  this will be more than enough . 
  where are you going ? 
  ( just guessing here , hoping to freak you out . ), 
  nice area . 
  message me if you want a guide on the daytrip to koblenz that you will do sooner or later . 
  for republicans in cali , how you actually vote * does n't * count , thanks to the ec . 
  easiest , if you 're just talking to someone and want to mention your occupational stauts : `` ich gehe zur uni . '', 
  otherwise , spanky 's sggestions are fine . 
  how do they know how i moved my mouse ? 
  does my computer simply send that information to every homepage i visit ? 
   these groups ,, 
  please continue ... 
   british police operating in ireland during the 70s and 80s are examples of what happens when enlightened western european law enforcement have to deal with real social unrest . 
  they take heavy losses but remain pretty civil themselves ? 
  while the two sides who were actually fighting ( republicans and loyalists ) saw about 550 militants die in total , the british forces trying to keep the peace lost more than 1,000 men . 
  british forces themselves [ killed a total of some 360 people ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_troubles#responsibility ) - over the course of almost fourty years . 
  i 'm sure there was room for improvement , but overall , the performance of british forces during the troubles was admirable . 
  i doubt that there are many police forces in the world who could have handled this better . 
  ( and this actually was n't the british police at all , but mostly the british * army * . ), 
   and it 's just americans not all english speakers . 
  nope . 
  as a european , i can guarantee that most of us would n't have a problem at all with using a list that includes `` the middle east '' and `` asia '' as two separate regions - * especially * when it actually says '' ** most of ** asia '' , as the comment you replied to did . 
   what are asian games , asian festivals, 
  when i google `` asian festival '' , i get images that are decidedly * east * asian , not at all middle-eastern . 
  i even get [ this map ] ( http://www.asian-festival.org/images/home/asiamap.gif ) from asian-festival . org , which does n't even include the - stans except for pakistan - but it also does n't include the middle east or russia , which is pretty typical when people talk about `` asia '' . 
  the rates for false positives and false negatives usually are n't the same though . 
  on the contrary , they are usually negatively related . 
  to illustrate : a test might give a result between 0 and 50 in healthy people ( with 25 being the most common ) , but between 30 and 80 ( with 55 being the most common ) in people suffering from disease x. 
  if you define 30 as the `` positive '' level , you 'll have a lot of false positives , i.e. 
  healthy people that the test shows to be sick ; but you do n't get any false negatives - the test will correctly identify all the sick people . 
  if you define 50 as the threshold , there will be no false negatives , but the test will miss some of the people who actually are sick . 
  depending on how you want to use the test , you 'd have to adapt the value that you want to define as `` positive '' . 
   i had a friend who thought he was jesus , and i got him to a hospital , i did n't make fun of him . 
  [ i do n't see how that 's an either-or decision . 
  just try to look only at the green and blue lines , the years since 2006 - you 'll see that they are at the lower end of the spread most of the time . 
  the sea ice area has already been decreasing for years , but there has never been a gap this large between two years . 
  i do n't think we actually quite understand what 's happening this year . 
  if we 're lucky , this is just an outlier and by simple regression to the mean , the line for next year will be somewhere between 2016 and the rest . 
  but it 's almost guaranteed that it will not be anywhere near the top of the grey area . 
  basically . 
  but one that is usable for the elderly , the handicapped , the scared or the stupid . 
  and with walking frames , baby strollers , or large luggage . 
  are n't busses like this run by the ( municipal ) government 99 % of the time ? 
  although it is correct ( and sounds normal ) to say : `` ich habe * spiegel online * gelesen . '', 
  yep , that would sound weird without the articles . 
  it works with declined or undeclined articles , but sounds best when they are declined . 
   you do n't go on a night out before 1,2 , sometimes even 3 in the night . 
  am i out of touch with you young folks , or is this exaggerated ? 
  when i go out , i typically still want to start around 11 ( or even 10 ) pm , and go home around 2 . 
  for a 16-year-old , having to be home by midnight still sounds like a reasonable rule to me . 
  one thing that should be mentioned to every foreigner coming here : do n't do filesharing ( torrents and that sort of stuff ) in germany . 
  it 's apparently the only country on earth where you can easily get caught , and it gets quite expensive . 
  streaming stuff is practically risk-free , torrents are not . 
   but obama is a ) a democrat , and b ) black ,, 
  your argument would work much better if you did n't try to imply that all people who are against the aca are racists . 
  ( as if these people would have liked a `` clintoncare '' any better - no matter which clinton you take . ), 
  that 's planet earth ii . 
  part i was produced by the bbc alone . 
  oh , you want the thing that i borrowed back ? 
  first of all , you never gave it to me . 
  i do n't know where i put it . 
  i still need it . 
  it was already broken when you gave it to me . 
   there are even lower languages . 
  i like this mistake . 
  please do n't fix it . 
  not all people need the same amount of money to cover their health expenditures over the course of their life . 
  not even remotely . 
  if you pay your insurance more than you get back in return , you 're one of the lucky ones . 
  on an average income , you ca n't stash away enough money to ever pay for it if you actually need intensive medical treatment . 
  this is the same reason that you get fire insurance as a homeowner : most people will only ever pay for this and never get anything back . 
  but if there really is a fire , the insurance company pays you * a lot * . 
  health insurance with a high deductible is essentially the same . 
  plus , while hit & runs are rare , health care catastrophes decidedly are * not * . 
  [ medical bills are the most common cause of bankruptcy in the us ] ( http://www.cnbc.com/id/100840148 ) ; more common than credit card debt . 
   figured i could add any dlcs later, 
  this is absolutely true . 
  the game is great without any dlc , and certainly complex enough already . 
  some of the expansions are great and i would n't want to miss them , but it 's a good idea to try a few runs before getting any of them . 
  when you decide to get them : all dlcs except for the newest ones are regularly on sale for 50 % of the price or less . 
  start in 1444 as one of the big nations , muscovy for instance . 
  this will give you a few motivating early successes in wars against weak neighbours , before things quickly go downhill because you missed something important . 
  and you 're almost guaranteed to miss something important as a new player . 
  do you know how that happened ? 
  did they have strong allies , or was castille invaded by portugal + aragon or something ? 
  all the actual ( non-cosmetic ) expansions that are cheap at that moment . 
  find an israeli prison in which thousands are hanged without a trial , and i will care . 
  just for the benefit of people who do n't know how this works : it basically means `` certificate of naturalization '' . 
  we just switch the order to `` naturalizion certificate '' , and then we drop the blank :, 
  * naturalizationcertificate *, 
  now that just looks like a german word . 
  this is like the easiest where 's waldo ever . 
   ( a husband that rapes his wife every day for a year gets 365 charges ), 
  how many swedish women are there who stay with their husband for a whole year while he rapes them every day ? 
  it 's pretty easy to see in the top half of the left side . 
  at the beginning , there is one little step in the edge of the triangle . 
  at the end , that step is still there , but there 's another one a few atoms closer to the tip .
