  in the end , the different colors and areas barely make understanding the information easier at all , you have to read the actual numbers in every cell . 
  so , yeah : this is a table , it barely qualifies as a * visual representation * of data at all . 
  [ quick and dirty ms paint sketch of how the data could be presented much clearer . 
  i wish this sub would focus more on the quality of the presentation , and less on the data itself . 
   this is just straight up wrong when it tells you that your eyes and nose are the best tools for identifying food safety issues, 
  can you tell me a common example of a food that often becomes unhealthy to eat before i can detect that something is wrong with it ? 
  you will certainly not find unbiased information about this on reddit . 
  the `` energiewende '' is still very popular in germany . 
  and since deciding which statistic is actually meaningful is difficult in this context , everybody chooses the statistics they like - that also means most germans only know statistics that show the `` energiewende '' as a success story . 
  renewables ( especially solar ) in germany * are * expensive , there 's no doubt about that . 
  and rising energy prices would be very dangerous for the german economy . 
  in many cases , electricity prices for companies have n't actually gone up at all , because ( a ) they are exempt from some of the fees that are used to pay for the renewables , and ( b ) there is so much additional electricity available ( at least some of the time ) that the supply is pushing prices down . 
  at least be honest with foreigners who ask questions :, 
  go to that website if you want `` the facts '' about the energiewende , with the spin that the german green party ( via the associated [ heinrich b\u00f6ll foundation ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/heinrich_b%c3%b6ll_foundation ) ) puts on them . 
  this is the opposite of unbiased information . 
  i think this comment would make sense , if you could say it like an adult . 
   those bombs that the coalition dropped definently have a lot to do with socialism . 
  thanks obama !, 
  out of the pocket , straight north to azaz . 
  you are right , of course , that nusra * has * some presence there - even within azaz . 
  but if they tried to stop supplies for the other rebel groups , they would need to start fighting those groups , and it 's not clear that they would win ( easily ) . 
  in idlib governorate , they already fought all the other groups , and won . 
  it is a kurdish neighborhood . 
  nothing 's * that * violent . 
   historic arab armies are fucking kick-ass , like the mamluks or the ayuubids or the rashiduns . 
  the mamluks were everything but arabs . 
  during the ( short ) ayyubid period , i guess the common soldiers were ( mostly ) arabs , but the dynasty was kurdish . 
  nope , it 's much older than that . 
  possibly became more popular again because of that episode , but the idea that police will for some reason have to let you go if you ask this question is much older . 
  see for instance these two links , both of which are older than breaking bad . 
  `` thanks barzani '' ? 
  it says `` lapps '' in northern sweden . 
  they just did n't get color or an endonym , but they were n't forgotten . 
  there should be neither punishment nor praise , obviously . 
  you should simply listen to your son and shut the fuck up . 
  besieging enemy forces seems like a legitimate strategy to me . 
  you ca n't expect the saa to sacrifice thousands of soldiers in dangerous urban fighting when they can instead simply sit back and wait for the besieged forces to starve or try to break out . 
  it 's sad if civilians are trapped in a siege , but as long as the saa is n't actively stopping them from leaving , i do n't see how we can blame them for it . 
  go to the screen where all the rebels are listed ( `` stability '' ) and hover the mouse cursor over the most important rebel group . 
  it shows a list of provinces that their support comes from . 
  go to the province at the top of that list and take a look - can you increase autonomy ? 
  ( -10 unrest , will keep most provinces quiet ) can you send some troops there ? 
  do you have an active missionary ? 
  ( if you do and that rebel faction looks dangerous , maybe cancel the missionary and send him back a few years later . ), 
  also , of course , keep your overexpansion and war exhaustion low if you want to avoid revolts . 
  maybe hire a theologian for a while , if available . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's his ass . 
  i already do n't trust that map because the text is wrong . 
  the soldiers that were captured in hardatnin ca n't really have been from nubl/zahraa , because there always was a small zone of rebel control between hardatnin and these shia villages . 
  some small commando unit crossed that gap into zahraa , but it seems unlikely that several dozen soldiers from zahraa would have crossed in the opposite direction , so that caption is likely nonsense . 
  i 'm really surprised by the way this northern aleppo offensive seems to be unfolding . 
  the offensive capability of the saa was astonishing , to me at least . 
  they captured a whole bunch of villages within barely more than a day , and closed almost the entire gap between aleppo and nubl/zahraa . 
  but even more astonishing was their inability to * hold * any of the ground they 'd just gained . 
  frankly , i have no idea what happened there . 
  the map looks neat , and it succeeds at illustrating he point made in the title , but it has some serious issues . 
  kobane is outdated , palmyra is wrong , the situation in deir ezzor , baiji , sinjar , and many other places is much more complicated than shown . 
  and coloring everybody who is not isis in the same color is acceptable due to the purpose of the map , but it also means that the map is n't useful for * anything else * . 
  read the comments before clicking that link !, 
  `` bbc '' is n't the british broadcasting corporation , it 's big black cock . 
  and that picture * really * is nsfw . 
  let 's hope that tower is only drained down to the point where the grenade hit . 
  if it 's otherwise intact , some two thirds of the water should remain in there . 
   at angels 10, 
  i 'll save others the effort :, 
  [ although not in common use anymore , the term ` angels ' used to refer to altitude in thousands of feet . 
  for instance , ` angels 10 ' would mean ten thousand feet altitude . 
  ] ( http://www.answers.com/q/military_definition_of_angels ), 
   i think 190k people with baseball bats would easily kill 30k swordsmen ... 
  no way in hell . 
  6 men with baseball bats might be able to kill one swordsman by coming at him from all sides - although he would likely still kill several of them . 
  but once you have formation of swordsmen , where they do n't have to worry about someone attacking them from behind - you could n't even make your batters attack them , because that would be pure suicide . 
   there 's smuggling of immigrants over the border . 
  there 's human trafficking . 
  are n't those the same thing ? 
  mercenary cost -90 %, 
  moral of armies +100 %, 
  combat abilities +50 %, 
  land leader fire and shock +4, 
  yearly army tradition +5, 
  [ they do . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/jqhqnwn.png ) ( upper half , between settler chance and morale of armies/navies ), 
  +20 % should really do the trick ... 
   but not , surprisingly , israel . 
  this is not surprising at all . 
  the arab countries would refuse to be part of an international coalition with israel . 
  israel would gladly be part of the coalition , but they would effectively weaken it by joining . 
  iran is n't part of that coalition against isis . 
  they also fight against isis , but not as part of the american-led coalition . 
  cool quote , and it sounds like churchill , too . 
  google has zero hits for this ; so i believe it actually was n't churchill who said this , but ballini . 
  - if that is so : well done !, 
  the correct answer is a question ? 
  are we on jeopardy ? 
  there is n't much that we * need * . 
  but i personally * want * `` cheap gen ( e ) food and chlorine washed chicken '' , and you 're telling me i ca n't have them . 
  not really . 
  - adding the detail that it was your mom because if you simply talk about `` her '' , germans who do n't know this joke are much more likely to be confused . 
  - in der regel nationale gerichte . 
  just compare it with the speed of sound - our brains are much better at comprehending that .
