   did the terrorists use that date considering its significance ? 
  they were trying to emulate ancient islamic mathmaticians and deliberatly chose a date that is not only prime itself , but also is the sum of three consecutive primes . 
  that 's also why they attacked `` prime targets '' - the twin towers ( 2 is prime ) and the pentagon ( 5 is prime ) . 
  the prime number missing between 2 and 5 is 3 , obviously . 
  the terrorists on board the last plane wanted to attack washington - because it 's the center of the 3 branches of government . 
  think i 'm onto something ? 
  if you want to learn more about the background , read up on the [ panchen lama ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/panchen_lama ) . 
  he 's basically the `` vice-dalai lama '' . 
   the present ( 11th ) incarnation of the panchen lama is a matter of controversy : the people 's republic of china asserts it is gyancain norbu , while the 14th dalai lama asserted it was gedhun choekyi nyima on may 14 , 1995 . 
  the latter vanished from public eye shortly after being named , aged six . 
  [ i 'm trying to turn this into a routine for a song . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dyw50f42ss8 ) too bad i only got four elements . 
  see what ? 
  [ thoroughly edited ... ], 
  so , let me try to understand the exact situation : the baron of tusculum is a vassal of the duchess of latium ( who holds the county of orvieto herself ) , and she is a vassal of the pope ? 
  easy fix : kill her family until the pope as her liege inherits her land and title . 
  the pope now holds land , and you can thus declare war on him again . 
  ( if you 're lucky , the baron of tusculum is a direct vassal of the pope , not of the duchess . 
  this would mean you only have to kill the baron and his family . 
  unlikely , but worth checking first . ), 
  peaceful solution : invite the duchess ' heir to your court ( maybe by marrying him to one of your courtiers and inviting her back ) , grant him a duchy . 
  when his mother dies , he brings his newly inherited lands into your realm . 
  the problem is that you ca n't declare war on unlanded characters . 
  what are `` turkey 's conditions '' ? 
  i did not know there was any kind of turkish offer for kobane or the pyd to accept or refuse . 
  i changed my name to `` galactic god-emperor '' * years * ago . 
  when isis recognizes that , i 'll think about using their autonym . 
  why is spiderbro on the inside though ? 
  i hope most food would be delivered from the outside . 
  i never thought about this before : when a spider is sitting on one side of its web and an insect crashes into the web from the other side , does the spider walk all the way around it 's own web ? 
  or do they squeeze through an opening ? 
  `` paul '' and `` bush '' are * rand * paul and * jeb * bush , right ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s2la2s-psha ), 
  listen to it first without looking at the video , tell me how many guitars they are playing . 
  true , that 's a very similar style . 
  i hope your daughter married * matrilineally * . 
  otherwise , her children wo n't be of your dynasty , and the game ends when they inherit . 
  `` petty king '' is just another name for `` duke '' , so you did control the duchy . 
  ( your characters picture should also have some blue ribbons around it ; this shows that he is a duke-level character . ), 
  overall , this post is too complicated for me , but here 's one tip on how you might have been able to control your grandson : get his mother to join your court . 
  she 's probably unwilling to join you right away - bribing her might work , but if that 's no enough , you can simply probably arrange for her to marry one of your courtiers . 
  once she is in your court ( and your grandson is 6 years old ) , suggest to him that she should be his tutor . 
  the ai will accept the suggestion that children should be tutored by their parents , so he will now also join your court . 
  after that , suggest to yourself that he should be tutored by someone else ( preferably yourself ) - since he 's in your court already , he does n't get a say in this decision . 
  it would be so funny if * they * convert to metric time , but the rest of the world does n't . 
  and , of course , they only convert to metric * time * , not the rest of the metric system . 
  imagine the debates ... 
  i like this sub as it is , i do n't want to see a major change in any direction . 
  recently , i feel there have mostly been more aggitated discussions in the comments between turkish and kurdish users - this ca n't be surprising to anyone . 
  granted , these discussions include insults in many cases , but seeing them and seeing two very different views on all aspects of this conflict makes this sub interesting . 
  - it 's better than any other source of information that i know about this conflict , and i 'd be very disappointed if this sub were to be fundamentally changed ( again ... ) because some people dislike seeing occasional rude comments . 
  everybody is trying to come up with in-world reasons . 
  that 's fine , but i think it 's not the real reason - just fixing or retconning or whatever you would call that . 
  the real reason there is a royal fleet but not a royal army is because * england * has a royal fleet but not a royal army , and grrm simply transported this idea to westeros . 
  ( england does n't have a royal army because the army is controlled by the parliament , not the king , since the [ english civil war . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/english_civil_war ) ), 
  does it make sense to ask you about the rules ? 
  is it intended that elephants can basically corrs mountains ? 
  when an elephant is standing right behind two mountains , it can simply move in that direction anyway , as if moving between the two mountains - is that working as intended ? 
  ok , thanks . 
   electors in feudal elective that like their liege are now less likely to vote for their liege 's pick , but more likely to vote for candidates of the same dynasty as their liege, 
  so getting my daughter elected over my brothers or uncles will get even more difficult ? 
  ... but i like my daughters ... 
   iraq , iran and turkey . 
  pst , pst ... there are also kurds in syria . 
  you might have heard about them in the news recently . 
  just ask google . 
  i 'm sure [ this is the poem we are talking about ] ( http://allpoetry.com/poem/11619084-plead-the-fifth-by-brianna-southern ) :, 
  ** plead the fifth **, 
  what 's the sense in loving you ? 
  its always the same thing, 
  ca n't seem to shake this dejavu, 
  stuck in yet another fling, 
  when will i learn my lesson ? 
  bad boys are n't real men, 
  lord forgive my transgression, 
  acted out time and again, 
  time to let this notion go, 
  that i do n't deserve true love, 
  deep in my soul i know, 
  my heart is a precious dove, 
  so i 'm taking back what i came with, 
  ask me why and i wo n't plead the fifth, 
  i 'm looking for the real thing, 
  more than someone to call my boo, 
  even deeper than a wedding ring, 
  and baby that 's what 's true, 
  so let 's put down our weapons, 
  let 's put the madness to an end, 
  stop demanding perfection, 
  and promise never again, 
  wo n't maintain the status quo, 
  wo n't feel unworthy of, 
  true love that brings a golden glow, 
  all the pain i am now free of, 
  so i 'm taking back what i came with, 
  ask me why and i wo n't plead the fifth, 
  wenn proof-reading what you 've just written , it helps to start at the end . 
  in longer texts , just read the last sentence , then the second-to-last - that way , your brain wo n't correct all errors so easily from the context , which makes it easier to find them . 
  in a text as short as this one , just do the same thing but with individual words .
