  he stayed up all night wondering if there was a dog . 
  i do n't think that 's a bad answer at all . 
  very confused !, 
  since you challenged her , she gets to choose the weapons , of course . 
  i wanted to link to a video showing roughly what that looked like , but i do n't know if you 're [ a guy ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psxh2kxzlqw ) or [ a girl ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=si3ofusfe5u ) . 
  break it , or brake it ? 
  think about a distant spiral-shaped galaxy . 
  the faster this galaxy rotates , the more should the arms of the spiral open up , because the rotation drives them away from the center . 
  this is counteracted by gravity , of course : the more mass there is in the galaxy , the closer is all of it pulled together and toward the center of the galaxy . 
  when scientists measured the rotation and mass of distant galaxies , they realized that all of them ( ? 
  - i think ... ) were `` too light '' : if you only take into account the ( approximate ) mass of all the stars we can see , the galaxies should n't be stable , but should be torn to pieces by their own rotation . 
  our best explanation for this so far is that there must be a significant percentage of the overall matter that is `` dark '' - we ca n't see it , neither in the visible spectrum nor by meassuring x-rays or any other radiation . 
  we only know it must be there because of its gravity . 
  and as it turns out , dark matter must actually be * more common * than `` regular '' matter . 
  ( there 's also `` dark energy '' , but i really ca n't explain that ... ), 
  the incognito mode ( which also exist in firefox ) is basically there to hide the things you are doing from other people * who use your computer * . 
  say you 're buying tickets for disneyland and do n't want the kids to find out before you actually go there , or you want to look at porn without your wife finding it in your browser history - that 's what `` incognito '' surfing is good for . 
  i assume you 're being sincere , and i 'll try to explain the downvotes :, 
  the incognito mode ( which also exist in firefox ) is basically there to hide the things you are doing from other people * who use your computer * . 
  say you 're buying tickets for disneyland and do n't want the kids to find out before you actually go there , or you want to look at porn without your wife finding it in your browser history - that 's what `` incognito '' surfing is good for . 
  nothing else . 
  serious question :, 
  what would your more benevolent rule be ? 
  * every * city in france is required to have some area ready for travelling gypsies . 
  would you just allow them to build up their camps anywhere they want ? 
  bad comparison . 
  the gypsies are n't forced from their own lands into some reservations , they are still allowed to travel anywhere they want and have reserved fields in every municipality . 
  and they are also allowed , of course , to buy houses and live like any other frenchman . 
  they were * not * allowed to travel anywhere they wanted when they were assigned their reservations . 
   why exactly , should gypsies get some special pass on property rights or needing to pay for land use ? 
  because they are a traditionally nomadic culture . 
  this aspect of their culture is not something that harms anyone , and we have no right to try and change it . 
   tell that to the guy who 's field has a bunch of gypsies on it instead of crops . 
  that 's precisely why there are these assigned fields , so no farmer loses anything ( as long as these rules are observed ) . 
  i 'm not defending anyone 's stealing . 
  that should be punished , wether it is `` part of their culture '' or not . 
  but their traveling lifestyle itself does n't harm anyone , and it is much older than all the modern regulations that make it difficult today . 
   the concept of public/private land ownership and usage rights predates the romani showing up in europe . 
  of course it does . 
  but even still in the ( early ) 19th century , travelling around and setting up camps somewhere close to a city would n't have caused any problems . 
  europe was thinly populated , and there were huge areas of fallow land or forest where you 'd never disturb anyone . 
  if the land had a de jure owner at all , it was likely to be some distant lord who had no way of even realizing that someone was living on a tiny fraction of his land somewhere for a few weeks . 
  there is no call for rudeness . 
  you just do n't want to see the ( rather obvious ) difference : travelling does n't hurt anyone , mutilating women does . 
  there is no obligation for everybody to strive to be as educated as possible . 
  and there is n't really an intercultural standard for what `` educated '' means , either . 
  ( for what it 's worth , i do think that we [ as in : society ] have a right and obligation to make sure that every child learns at least reading and writing , even the children of `` travellers '' . ), 
  although we 're still missing out on all the crazy 90 's videos . 
  various decrees were issued all across europe against any but the ( respective ) ruling version of christianity , against jews , against muslims , even against witches and sorcerers throughout the 17th century . 
  also , i have no doubt that many ( very possibly most ) gypsies at the time were in fact criminals . 
  that does n't imply that non-criminals should be forced to give up ( the non-criminal parts of ) their culture . 
  i did not know that . 
  thanks for pointing it out . 
  i still use mirc occasionally . 
  oh , i 'm only arguing that these reserved fields for gypsy camps are a good idea , because they are necessary to allow a nomadic lifestyle . 
  reading this again today , i 'm not sure anymore if herpafilter ( or anybody else ) was actually arguing against these . 
  but they * are * a `` special pass on needing to pay for land use '' , and i think : a justified one . 
  the cheering was while he was hand . 
  robert 's rebellion ( during which tywin sacked kl ) came later , when tywin was n't hand anymore . 
  they did n't cheer for him after that ... 
   ( lack of healthcare , starvation , etc. 
  whatever whatever ) . 
  `` lack of healthcare '' does n't kill anyone , it 's still some disease that gets you . 
  clearly , many of the diseases might be preventable with better healthcare , of course . 
  famine is listed . 
  killed 100m people , all in communist countries . 
  you really should n't be allowed to claim any province until you 've learnt how to spell the name of that province . 
  it 's [ aquileia . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aquileia ) ( you can learn so much about european geography from this game without even trying . 
  use it ! ), 
  apart from that : i agree with you . 
  you 're claiming the land for yourself , it does n't matter who you 're fighting to press that claim . 
  be * reasonable * , folks !, 
  i do n't know how you ended up being in this position , but the easy way out is to *** get yourself killed *** , of course . 
  since you are a member of the queen 's court and have no other heirs , she should be your heir - this gives you a kingdom without having to fight at all !, 
  i think this is actually what harry has been trying to do for some years now , what with his adventures in afghanistan . 
  this seems to have been ineffetive , though . 
  i 'd advice to go hunting more often , and participating in tournaments . 
  and most importantly : insult the queen 's spymaster any way you can . 
  ( maybe try to assassinate some of his family members . ), 
  once he starts plotting against you , you 're as good as dead , and can then play on as the queen , with a safe line of succession for the next three generations . 
  in case anyone was wondering wether it 's an old man with a young woman or the other way ` round :, 
  they 're both men . 
  possibly in drag . 
  `` good samaritian law '' usually refers to laws that offer protection to you while you 're trying to help someone . 
  this is of course meant to encourage people to help others , but it does n't usually imply a duty to do so . 
  imagine you 're trying to save that blind person but accidentally get their dog killed in the process . 
  `` good samaritian laws '' mean that you do n't have to pay them for this damage , since you were ( trying to ) act in their own best interest . 
   the next morning he woke up before me and had put a full tank of gas in my car, 
  sorry to bother you with details , but i 'm just so curious as to how he did that . 
  did he just take your car keys and drive to the station without you knowing ? 
  ( that could have ended * so * badly if you had gotten up just while he was away with your car . ), 
  let me try !, 
  one-hal-9000 is a guy . 
  he has a girlfriend ( named gina ) , and that girlfriend has a sister ( named susan ) . 
  when susan 's and gina 's mother died , susan did * not * send gina a letter . 
  instead , hal-9000 wrote a letter , pretending to be susan . 
  this is still somewhat confusing , because there is no explanation as to what this letter said or why susan would be expected to write a letter at all ; but i guess we can be sure that it was a very sweet and comforting letter that helped gina through the grief over her mother 's death . 
  this is n't getting enough attention . 
  [ the pictures are phenomenal ... ] ( http://www.nasa.gov/images/content/654291main_p1220bk.jpg ),
