  us - steal a plane , fly there . 
  i heard some flight simulators are good enough to actually learn how to pilot a plane . 
  if it does n't work in the simulator , i 'll have to steal a ship instead . 
  i 'm hoping that there is at least one living pilot in england , though . 
  sure , but she has no idea what a windmill is . 
  all children are alive as long as both of their parents are registered redditors . 
  [ made up on the fly , but i think this makes the event more interesting . ], 
  take some cars . 
  driving through the tunnel should be the fastest way to get to england . 
  i 'm going there , too . 
  meetup at the london eye ? 
  just steal some cars and start driving . 
  steal new cars when you run out of gas , finding abandoned cars is much easier than finding fuel . 
   well , we have to take the bus , because we are with 20 people, 
  steal 20 cars . 
  19 if that kid with the broken leg ca n't drive . 
  alright , taking 5 is enough , but you might just as well take 20 . 
  there 's no shortage of cars . 
  you think a cop who just lost his family , his friends , and almost every person in his country is gon na care whether you have a license ... ? 
  you 're going to use stolen cars anyhow ... 
  still , be aware of cops - they are armed and might go crazy . 
  drive safely !, 
  moving a train is much more difficult than using a car , and offers no advantage to us . 
  enjoy your train ... 
  we all know how to drive a car already , hardly any of us know how to drive trains . 
  cars take you * anywhere * , not just to the major cities . 
  to get the trains running , you need to keep the electricity up - to run cars , you only need a car with a full tank of gas . 
  even if you can find a fuel driven one , you need to find out how to refill it when it 's empty - with cars , you just steal a new one . 
  without someone to control the switch points , you ca n't even control where you go . 
  also , if another train blocks the tracks anywhere , you have to find a way to get it out of the way - this might take weeks . 
  in a car , you just drive around the obstacle . 
  at least 99 % of all the people of europe are dead . 
  there 's plenty of cars for everyone . 
  imagine you 're working on a very hard project . 
  a long one , too . 
  you 've been working on that project for a while already , and it gets harder and harder until it 's finally finished - do you think you could swallow that ? 
  also , could you see yourself working on a project like that in a small team ? 
   `` an historic event '', 
   `` an hallucination '', 
  but these are simply wrong , are n't they ? 
   from my current understanding/assumption , syria is a proxy war between us and russia, 
  i do n't think this view will help you understand the conflict . 
  it 's more of a proxy between iran and saudi arabia . 
  of course , the us are losely in `` camp sa '' , while russia is closer to iran , but neither russia nor the us are really important in this conflict ( so far ) . 
  the saudis are supporting the uprising , thus iran is supporting assad . 
  this leads to some paradoxical situations , like hizbollah ( bffs of iran ) fighting * against * jihadists at the moment . 
  yep , clearly . 
  downvoted for ugly bear , will upvote if op reposts the same thing as ggg . 
  you can win with far less , obviously . 
  if most people in the 11 states shown in op 's picture stay at home and only a handful of voters in each of them turn out and vote for party x , it does n't matter if party y wins all the other states with 100 % of the votes at 100 % turnout . 
  party x wins that election despite winning far less than 1 % of the popular vote . 
   in general , the kurds have arrived the best out of this so far . 
  whatever happens , they will have more autonomy from now on . 
  unless turkey invades , then things would get more complicated for the kurds . 
  that is one helpful analysis . 
  never heard of that song . 
  `` aus dem staub machen '' does not mean to pull yourself up by your bootstraps or anything similar , it means leaving , running away , usually to avoid some sort of conflict . 
  thank you for contributing , seriously . 
  i think your answer is mostly wrong , though . 
  it seems you only ever heard the expression used in a wordplay , not in the original sense . 
  unfortunate , but do n't let that bring you down !, 
  linguee is often helpful in cases like this . 
  `` sich aus dem staub machen '' ~ `` to disappear '' ( only used for people ), 
  there may be some foreign fighters in slf and sif , too . 
  also , many of the syrian rebels are more or less militias who fight only close to their own homes and only when they have to . 
  this is both obviously not true for al-nusra . 
   first rule of reporting enemy combatants is the numbers are always inflated x10 . 
  this is n't a report about enemy forces , though . 
  without any context given , i thought so too . 
  but it does n't have to be , it can just be advice . 
  with a virus killing everyone on earth who is a registered reddit user . 
  guns . 
  people would n't be more peaceful than they are now , but they 'd have to use knifes and clubs to kill each other . 
   i hear lebanon is very open / nice place . 
  i think saying that parts of beirut ( and surroundings ) are still very open and nice comes closer to the truth . 
  i might be wrong , i know lebanon mostly from two short visits , but places like tripoli certainly do n't feel very open and diverse . 
  [ wiki sagt : [ 1605 ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/gunpowder_plot ) . ], 
  you wo n't find many germans who can actually answer this question . 
  traveling by bus in germany is , most of all , * new * . 
  [ interrail in germany was pretty good when i compared it to other countries a few years ago . ], 
   and then it feels like im wasting money for not using up all my days . 
  i know that feeling exactly , just try to ignore it !, 
  you 're not losing anything by traveling exactly when and where you want . 
  of course , if bus travel is cheaper , that may still be the better option . 
  afaik all of them from or to berlin . 
  it 's new to most germans . 
  since most of the answers are jokes , let me try giving a serious one . 
  biggest problem might be that the german population is shrinking and growing old . 
  compare these two population pyramids for [ germany ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-p1id93ahwp0/ta8-c8rsj0i/aaaaaaaabgq/y4u6yqihc9o/s1600/bev%25c3%25b6lkerungspyramide+germany+2010-farbe.jpg ) and the [ us ] ( http://leftoutside.files.wordpress.com/2010/05/us-population-pyramid.jpg ) , and you might get worried for germany . 
  ( a shrinking population is not a problem per se , but it does usually mean a decline in power and causes trouble in some of the german welfare systems , since they are based on the principle that the young , working population pays for the old folks . ), 
  the `` euro crisis '' might or might not be a huge problem for germany , it 's impossible to tell . 
  not much of a problem so far , but it might get really expensive . 
  similar : the `` energiewende '' , the relatively rapid transition of the german electricity system from coal and uranium to `` renewables '' . 
  might work out just fine , might be quite expensive , or it might increase energy prices enough to kill of a lot of the german industry . 
  these are all rather long term challenges , but they are certainly all things you need to keep in mind when thinking about the future of germany . 
  ( i might add more later , do n't feel like it now . ), 
  of course not , and i do n't think that 's a bad thing . 
  i know a bunch of politicans whom i trust quite a bit , at least with regard to some subjects . 
  did not remind me `` of our dark history '' . 
  not even of the dark parts of our ( all in all not * that * dark ) history .
