  ck2 only covers the time until 1453 . 
  the hre was still strong and relatively united at that point . 
  he was probably drunk and felt like this was a good idea when he entered the tourney . 
  no kidding : the `` depressed '' trait is actually awesome , because it allows you to commit suicide whenever you feel like it 's a good opportunity to pass on the realm to your heir . 
  that is not correct . 
  [ if you do n't like this source , go find a better one . 
  ] ( http://goaskalice.columbia.edu/explanation-condom-failure-rates ) i 'm pretty sure they all agree on this :, 
   during a year of perfect condom use , that number drops to between 2 and 3 out of 100 sexually active women becoming pregnant . 
   but not once have i even opened a book about ancient african civilizations , unless of course , that african civilization was egypt & `` mesopotamia '' ( which is basically the rest of the middle east ) . 
  not sure if you did this on purpose , to highlight how little you were taught about this ... anyway : mesopotamia is not in africa . 
  how do you even find the pope 's character screen when he is not in rome anymore ? 
  i guess i 'd do a character search : male , ruler , my religion ( assuming i 'm a christian ) , sort by rank - the pope should be near the top . 
  but i guess there is an easier way ? 
  the wrong labeling is just to distract you from the fact that egypt does n't exist in that map ... 
  you are byzantium ? 
   sure , a lot of dudes care about your past , but my real life experience has been that many men do n't . 
  but all your real life experience is from being 24 or younger . 
  sure , men do n't care about * your * past . 
  i like the spirit in which you are giving advice ( while admittedly many other comments here offer malice rather than advice ) , but i 'm not sure if you realize that you are actually part of op 's problem . 
  knowing nothing about either of you besides what has been said in this thread : do you think any guy , if given a choice , would chose dating op over dating you ? 
  this thread is horribly confusing . 
  could everybody please give both the * actual * quote and the common misquote ? 
  as a sidenote , it would be more correct to talk about a `` quotation '' , not a `` quote '' . 
  now that you 've learned this , you 're ready to qatch one of my favorite scetches :, 
  [ my blackberry is n't working ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kag39jki0li ), 
  time for some mitchell and webb , maybe ? 
  [ medieval inventor ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xo5cr0yyf40 ), 
   is it that you think `` quote '' should only be a verb ? 
  bascially , yes . 
  do we really turn verbs into nouns elsewhere , where there already is a noun ? 
  ( one that is obviously related but not identical with the verb . ), 
  i do n't think it 's a big deal , i 'm really just mentioning it as a sidenote . 
  cutible . 
  well then , let me be a hyper-pedant once more : i never even used the word `` incorrect '' that you put in quotation marks as if you were quoting me . 
  using `` quote '' as a noun is still informal , and i wanted to point this out for people who might not have been aware of it . 
  informal use of language is of course acceptable on reddit . 
  boastful rudeness is n't . 
  never played persia , but if you are the fylkir ( leader of the reformed norse religion ) , the great holy war works like any other casus belli - you go to some foreign rulers character screen and chose from the `` declare war '' list . 
  de jure wars , holy wars , claims , or the great holy war - as long as that option is available , it should show up in the list . 
  just like any other cb , except that it 's so much better . 
  just like everybody else i recommend that you reform the faith . 
  it just seems like everybody is leaving out the first step : raid until you 're rich !, 
  then hire some mercenaries . 
  if taking on the catholics still seems too challenging , expand into finland or the baltics first - they hardly put up any resistance . 
  what character did you start as ? 
  i played as the count of \u00c5land once in the 1066 start , and it was a really challenging start . 
  once you 've created scandinavia ( or britannia ) though , the game gets so easy that it 's boring . 
  ah - people who use `` itt '' . 
  i hate those obnoxious bastards !, 
  google is your friend . 
  that can be read an unlimited number of times . 
  if these temples do n't belong to strong foreign powers , you should still de-jure-conquer them . 
  not because it 's important , but simply because it 's so easy . 
  not a biologist , but i think the dog simply lacks perspiratory glands . 
  shaving it will help a little , but it still wo n't sweat nearly as much as a human . 
  `` talking '' - yeah ... 
  when the night falls , you rise , and that 's all we want to hear about the perversions that you and your * sweet sister * indulge in . 
  ( have i been reading too much asoiaf ? ), 
  and do n't get confused by * kind * , which is green and shows a heart , but is not inherited . 
  educate your heir yourself . 
  if possible , also educate your other children . 
  only send them away to a tutor who has a great education trait ( midas touched , grey eminence ) a few days before their sixteenth birthday . 
  if you have horrible stats , the good traits you should be looking for in a teacher are mostly ambitious ( for your heir only !, 
  * content * for other children !, 
  ) , gregarious , zealous and the green stuff : diligent , kind , charitable , ... 
  the actual stats are n't all that important . 
  the war will continue even if he dies . 
  it 's annoying , but i do n't think there 's much you can do . 
  cows can walk up a flight of stairs , but once there , they ca n't walk back down . 
  their knees just do n't bend the right way !, 
   one time someone was in a horrible care accident, 
  what 's a horrible care accident ? 
  it sounds like a nurse accidentally crushing a patient in his automatic bed or something . 
  yeah , but can you prove that he still hates jews ? 
   culture - the biggest problem in cotrolling vast territories , should be more managable , like be able to spend your prestige on converting culture, 
  no thanks . 
  one of the biggest problems of ckii is that the late game is already too easy . 
  the ability to use your inexhaustible emperor-prestige to convert foreign cultures would make it easier still . 
  i 'd take better peasant revolts instead . 
  ( rarer , but much , * much * more dangerous . ), 
   i do n't think i 've ever seen `` france '' appear, 
  everybody 's experience with this seems so vary wildly . 
  ( chance , not surprisingly , is very important when the karlings are all each others ' heirs at the start . ), 
  i 've only really played three old gods games , but francia was formed ( by the ai ) in all three of these , the hre in none . 
  ianaagh , but i have a theory : you want almost * all * the healthy female goats to mate , not just the `` best '' ones . 
  the few female goats that have undesirable traits ( too small , not enough milk , aggressive behaviour , ... ) , you eat . 
  most of the male goats , you also eat . 
  you only need very few male goats . 
  these , you can either raise yourself , or you can visit a breeder with your herd once or twice per year for a few days - that should suffice . 
  in case you want to start your own afghan goat herd , i would advice you first try to make an appointment with an actual experienced afghan goat herd . 
  goat herding is a dangerous business , you are likely to encounter unexpected difficulties . 
  that was uncalled for . 
  which is enough to make it the best military trait * by far * . 
  i 'd take a good organizer even over a guy who is both unyielding * and * an inspiring leader . 
  my god , what 's happening in africa ? 
  that link is 404 . 
  now i get a taste of my own medicine , and it is * bitter * ... 
  but beware of the glauckenstucken !, 
   also , maybe someone can tell me if i 'm in the wrong here . 
  i 've been in the place for about 3 weeks so far,
