  we know it was originally domesticated somewhere in the americas , but it was also used in pre-columbian times in parts of southeast asia . 
   supply limits in enemy territory also change i think but i forget exactly - i think it 's the further away from home , the greater the reduction to that county 's supply limit for your troops . 
   when you select your army and hover the mouse offer the black text in the army window it will show you the current supply limit for that army . 
  ha , i did exactly that for sooo long . 
  then i finally found out the most important thing about attrition and supply ... 
  you can just select any province , and on the left side of your screen , there 's a window with all the important facts about that province : culture , religion - * and supply * . 
  you can mouseover that value to get more detailed information , too . 
  ( this is the supply limit * your * armies will have in that province . 
  it can be very different for other countries ' armies , especially for the owner of the province . ), 
  select any province , and on the left side of your screen , there 's a window with all the important facts about that province : culture , religion - * and supply * . 
  you can mouseover that value to get more detailed information , too . 
  ( this is the supply limit * your * armies will have in that province - above that number , you suffer attrition . 
  it can be very different for other countries ' armies , especially for the owner of the province . ), 
  well , it 's a fact that the ( sub-saharan ) africans did n't have that technology . 
  but darwin tried to explain * why * that was :, 
   he lived as an ox , content to graze for an hour . 
  and that explanation is just bad and wrong . 
  the lack of efficient food production is a far better explanation , and that lack of food production is explained by differences between african and eurasian fauna and flora . 
  and do n't get me wrong : it 's not a better explanation because it 's `` ethically better '' for not invoking racism , but because it makes more sense . 
  awww , thanks ... 
  the good advice is simple : do n't start in ireland , especially not as a newbie . 
  spread this advice , make the game more enjoyable for new players !, 
  `` tutorial island '' was in the ealy version of the game , the 51 % - rule turned ireland into the island of boredom - and also made it much more difficult than many other starts . 
  : to expand quickly in ireland , you might want to try turning heretic . 
  ( find some heretic courtier who will join your court and have him educate your heir . ), 
  being waldensian/fraticelli / ... will give you a holy war cb against all catholics . 
  but that 's clearly not a tactic for newbies . 
  or build a new barony ( if there 's still space ) and then give away the bishopric . 
  in case you do n't want to revoke any titles . 
  your supply limit is influenced among other things by control of the province 's holdings , by control of neighbouring provinces , and by your technology . 
  there 's a drastic difference for non-pagans in `` pagan homelands '' - provinces with a non-reformed pagan religion under a ruler of that same religion . 
  your initial supply limit in these provinces is only 5 % ( ! ), 
  of what it would usually be . 
  this is increased a little for every technological advance in military organization ( mo ) , but when you reach level 4 of that technology , the penalty is removed completely . 
  in a pagan homeland , your supply limit may be somwhere around 1k when you are at mo 3 , and jump up to  10k when you reach mo 4 . 
  some of it is actually shreddered , sorted into the different kinds of plastic , and recycled , i.e. 
  turned into usable plastic again . 
  not into food wrapping , but plumbing pipes and door mats and stuff . 
  i 'm pretty certain most of it is still burned . 
  plastic actually makes good fuel , so it 's still a good idea to reuse it for heat and energy . 
  hey there , future phreaksc2 !, 
  [ i 'm a time traveller from the past . 
  ] ( http://xkcd.com/630/ ) show it to me !, 
  i came here from the 1980 's . 
  crazy time - you remember , right ? 
  anyway ... the journey took me almost thirty years , and i 'm not quite sure how to get back . 
  i guess i 'll just stick around for a while . 
  the lack of flying cars is ok . 
  i never thought they 'd exist already . 
   you are mostly travelling spontaneously , i.e. 
  you know weeks in advance when you will travel, 
  that 's `` spontaneous '' to you ? 
  when i travel spontaneously , i know * minutes * in advance . 
  republics are so annoying . 
  short of converting to a heresy yourself to get the holy war cb back , i ca n't think of a faster way . 
  you can , of course , speed the traditional way up a lot by assassinating the doge every time as soon as the peace treat is signed . 
  load retinues ( and/or mercenaries ) on boats , declare war while they are unloading , storm the cities , press claims , murder doge , rinse and repeat . 
  it does have adantages , though . 
  give your heir two duchies and ~ 5-6 counties - as soon as you old ruler dies and you take over as the heir , you can hand out all these titles to have some happy vasalls while still keeping all your original demesne . 
  it makes elective succession safer , since your heir will vote for himself . 
  you can have your heir marry an important foreign ruler and still have him stay in your realm , at least . 
  ( just have to find the right order : arrange the betrothal , land your heir before the marriage . 
  i think this always works , your heir will not break the betrothal . ), 
  you can find them quickly if you just zoom in a little . 
  small shields then pop up on the map for every independent barony . 
  [ here 's the wikipedia article about seventh sons of seventh sons , for anyone who does n't understand the references in this thread . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seventh_son_of_a_seventh_son ), 
  you 'll be fine . 
  in my city ( koblenz ) and any other city in the region ( including cologne ) , i do n't know of any regions where i would n't go , even alone and at night . 
  i think that 's true for all of germany , even berlin . 
  i 'm guessing you 're white , male , and between 20 and 40 ? 
   germans are usually not as racists as south europeans, 
  this is equally funny and sad . 
  well , i can only repeat myself : you 'll be fine . 
  let us know where in germany you 'll go , we 'll tell you more . 
  quick hint about dangerous animals and plants in germany : there are none . 
  ( dogs ? 
  i think the most dangerous wild animals are boars ... ), 
  dangerous possible weather conditions : sometimes it rains , sometimes it 's windy - is that dangerous ? 
  earthquake warning : every five years or so , i hear on the news that there was an earthquake where i live the previous night . 
  i do n't believe them , because none of these has ever woken me . 
  i think that 's it , you 're prepared for germany 's greatest dangers !, 
  i do n't know why i 'd ever * want * to go there , but i would n't really be worried if i had to . 
  maybe it 's because i got more courage than brains , but even in l\u00fctzel , i do n't think there 's much gang violence or organized crime . 
  meeting some bored and violent teenagers can end badly for you , of course , but this * can * happen almost anywhere - it just usually does n't . 
  unyielding and holy warrior is such a cool combination for a heretic . 
  `` the catholics ? 
  let them come ! '', 
  wait , you 're an * orthodox * heretic . 
  i 'm really surprised that i do n't know this , but i do n't : do catholics get a holy war cb against nestorians ( and other orthodox heresies ) ? 
  that 's because we got so much game . 
  oh , wait ... wrong subreddit . 
  apart from the size of the words , is there any more information in this image ? 
  relative position of words , color , hue ? 
  also , what are these `` clouds '' called ? 
  if you tell me the name , maybe i can find out the rest myself . 
  that 's a really boring answer ... also , i 'm kind of embarrassed now ... , 
  that 's a great thread . 
  hundreds of people saying nothing but `` disco ball '' , most of them with 20-200 upvotes . 
  damn ...
