  ( tried / u/quickmemetranscriber , which is of course wrong . 
  its / qkme_transcriber . ), 
  here is what the linked quickmeme image says in case the site goes down or you ca n't reach it :, 
   title : you must be hungry , here you go little guy . 
   meme : overly attached girlfriend, 
   * you are so comfortable to sleep with, 
   * when you die i should have you taxidermied so i always have you as a pillow, 
  [ why ? 
  you likely wo n't be successful as a new player . 
  if you quickly lose the first few games , embrace it !, 
  for easier starts , start in 1066 , maybe in spain somewhere or as the king of poland . 
  but any character ( count - emperor ) can be fun to play . 
   i 'd love to see something similar to the byzantine ability to mend the great schism . 
  i would like that , too . 
  i 've erradicated orthodoxy in more than one of my games . 
  sometimes it just happened more or less accidentally , but sometimes i really worked toward this goal , and i think it deserves some small form of recognition . 
  you do n't rc : edric also tells arya that wylla is jon 's mother . 
  actual mother , not just milk mother . 
  except the bugs are n't * everywhere * out there , as in `` spread out evenly across the entire universe '' . 
  they are all somewhere between a few miles below and a few miles above the surface of the earth , which is infinitely far from being an infinite volume . 
  for your most powerful vasalls : you make shure they never even have one . 
  have their firstborns educated by content characters of your culture and religion , or educate them yourself ( if you 're not busy taking care of your own children ) . 
  even then , i do n't think he 'll ever join your court . 
  unless you happen to capture him in battle , i do n't think you 'll get a chance at blinding him . 
  and pows ca n't be made court jester . 
  it * might * be possible to unland him and then invite * his wife * to your court . 
  it 's obvious what you have to do next : make him your fool !, 
  columbus ' discovery of america massively changed europe , america , and the entire world . 
  the vikings went there a few times , went home again , and then the world basically forgot about their visits . 
  but at least the vikings knew that they were n't in india ... 
  harry potter !, 
  harry potter !, 
  harry potter !, 
  harry potter !, 
  [ yes , i had to answer this to every one of you . 
  it 's not spamming , it 's dedication . ], 
  harry potter !, 
  harry potter !, 
  harry potter !, 
  harry potter !, 
  we should . 
  often upon the texas plains ,, 
  when the day and the chase were over ,, 
  my thoughts would fly o'er the weary wave ,, 
  and around this coastline hover ;, 
  and the prayer would rise that some future day -, 
  all danger and doubting scorning --, 
  i 'd help to win for my native land, 
  the light of young liberty 's morning !, 
  - john locke , the exiles return, 
  i 'm surprised that so many people answer yes to this . 
  in germany , there are sometimes , but very rarely . 
  [ of course , more common the newer the building . ], 
  it should always be available unless you are already plotting to do something else , like revoke a title ( or , most likely : kill somebody else ) . 
  difference : you need to invite lots of people to your plot to increase your plot score . 
  the higher your score , the more likely you are to get events telling you that one of the conspirators has hired some bowmen , sabotaged a carriage , etc. 
  - soon after that , you get a message telling you about the result of the attempted assassination . 
  does n't cost you a penny . 
   downside , the republics will most likely hate you as you 'll control the counties to their corresponding duchy . 
  do i need to hold them ? 
  if i hand out all the counties in the republic 's dutchy to other guys ( and also transfer the vasallage to the republic , of course , so they do n't hate me anymore ) , their capital is still the barony in my capital county . 
  do they still research technology here , or is it spread out in their own dutchy ( despite the fact that they do n't hold any land there ) ? 
  just get the basic game first . 
  if you like it , pick up the dlcs later . 
  ( there 's enough sales , do n't worry about missing one . ), 
  the expansions are great , but the game already feels `` complete '' without them . 
  no need to spend too much money * now * . 
  you 'd prefer to be stronger and dumber ? 
  eating them , or avoiding them ? 
  that 's crazy ... 
  who is archer ? 
  google is n't very helpful , unless you 're talking about http://archerveterinary.com/, 
  [ harelip ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cleft_lip_and_palate ) , not hairlip . 
  thanks for posting this . 
  i always go with the travelling bard from a distant country , because it sounds like the only thing that really makes sense . 
  got to try some of the other options sometime . 
  people in this thread sound so psyched about this designer , maybe i should try it . 
  i bought it in a sale together with most of the other dlcs a few months ago and have n't used it yet . 
  just figured , as long as there are still characters i have n't played as , i do n't need to design new ones ... 
  you sound a bit like a rambling madman , but i think you are absolutely correct . 
  cataphract , with a - ph - . 
  ( kata-fract , it means something like fully-armored ), 
  taking only them is * at least * ok , probably better than most alternatives . 
  cataphracts are still very strong at sieges , but much better than archers at almost anything else . 
   once you are a duke you can start inviting claimants to nearby counties to your court ( if they like you more then their liege , normally by a minimum of 75 relationship points ) . 
  you can then gift them a holding ( preferably a barony ) in your duchy , and then use the ` press claim ' cb . 
  if you only give them a barony and then press their claim to a county , does n't this result in you losing the barony ? 
  ( unless you are of their dynasty or also the de jure liege of that new county ), 
   even better , but harder to find , invite count or duke heirs to your court and give them equal or higher title . 
  their inherited lands will join your kingdom . 
  no need for war then . 
  it 's almost cheating , i think ck2 should n't let you invite direct heirs to your court really . 
  this needs to stay in the game - this is the most fun way of expanding . 
  you invite the heir apparent of a duchy to your court , grant him a duchy , and his healthy , thriving father inexplicably dies * the very same day * under mysterious circumstances !, 
  and that just keeps happening ... 
  i love this , it 's just so much more peaceful than other ways of expanding - one person dies , and you gain a duchy . 
  thousands would have died if you had tried to conquer it . 
   if you press the claim of your vassal , they will still remain your vassal as long as the title you are claiming is at a lower rank than yours, 
  i thought the new title had to be of lower or equal rank than the one you gave them . 
  to think of all the cbs i did n't use because of this ... !,
