  your reply was completely uncalled for and off-topic . 
  be nice to people , even to christians , even on facebook . 
  also , your view of africa as a continent that 's made up of nothing but poverty and starvation is quite backwards , bordering on racism . 
  and your point is ... ? 
  seriously : what *** is *** your point when you say this ? 
  some christians two thousand years ago killed philosophers , thus it 's ok if some muslims today persecute some totally different christians ? 
  would it be ok for the french to persecute englishmen because some other englishmen killed some scotsmen a few centuries ago ? 
  the most interesting way was meeting with a `` milk cow '' , an u-boat designed to resupply other u-boats . 
  i think in most cases , though , they simply brought enough diesel and returned home in time . 
  ( not an expert . ), 
   were the easy pickings worth the risk ? 
  for a while ( early 1942 , right after the us entered the war ) , attacking ships near the american coast seems to have been far less risky than operating anywhere around england . 
   can a compound noun be created even in , say , an academic paper ? 
  yes , of course . 
  as a chemist , i 'm working on a paper on the degradation of contrast media . 
  in german , this will be a paper on * kontrastmittelabbau * , without hesitation . 
  [ you do n't need to understand what that actually means in either language . 
  who is robb talking about when he says to catelyn that he wants to `` take his home , take his gold , take his power '' ? 
  incidentally , this map was also the basis for the [ wwii shipwreck map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/tg3dbzl.jpg ) . 
  that 's why the [ eastern half of the pacific is missing ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/1aidnw/worldwide_map_of_wwii_shipwrecks_926x542/c8xpgud ) in that map . 
  just did a quick google search because i thought your number sounded far too high . 
  turns out it is n't , i just thought i 'd share the numbers . 
   the lowest number for the total loss through the transatlantic slave trade could be about 20 million people . 
  higher figures have been suggested , but to date there is no conclusive evidence to support such estimates . 
  i guess the number sounds so high because the more commonly used number is that of slaves who were brought to the us , which is `` only '' about 700 thousand . 
  do you know if they can still understand each other ? 
  did the case you 're talking about have any legal consequences ? 
  i can do this . 
  please note that i 'm european , so i do n't really have any idea what all this was about ; i think i read the name `` steubenville '' for the first time today . 
  what little i know is that the rapists are teenagers . 
  their lives from now on will be much worse than they could have been . 
  they may be bad people , but as far as possible , i want even bad people to have good lives . 
  ( i know some people must be sent to jail so that the rest of us can have good lifes . 
  and i know the victim 's life might be worse . ), 
  i 'm not saying teenage rapists should n't be jailed . 
  but when they are , i can still feel sorry for them . 
  there are many people in the world who are just as bad ( character-wise ) , but due to a few small good influences , a little supervision , or simply due to * lack of opportunity * , they never actually rape anyone . 
  i wish these rapists could have had one of these things . 
  [ i think this video should clear things up . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xvc8jpb1pra ) ( sorry for the poor quality . ), 
  in case you were looking for a serious answer : the type xiv resupplied a few u-boats ( ~ 10 ) and then headed back home to europe . 
  one such tour took somewhere between 30 and close to 100 days . 
  i 'm sorry , but since this is a marcus aurelius quotation , i 'm gon na need the exact location where he wrote that . 
  you know , because of the whole `` live a good life . 
  if the gods ... '' missattribution that keeps popping up here . 
  [ for the record : this seeking for truth is a good and honorable thing to do , wether ma said anything about it or not . 
  but i think we should make sure we 're not lying about this very quotation . ], 
  i do n't believe in flying keys . 
   [ please nobody comment on this , it 's just there to remind me of something later . ], 
  it 's almost a story for / r/talesfromtechsupport . 
  they 're playing game of life - they must be nice people !, 
  not sure how i feel about this , actually . 
  it 's obviously not a big deal , because it 's been only the romeikes again and again for years . 
  but still , i think homescholling should generally be legal . 
  i 'm just not sure if it should be legal for people like the romeikes , who are quite obviously insane . 
  [ yeah , sure : german schools teach witchcraft ; and how to get the devil to do your homework for you . ], 
   in the gymnastic exercises suppose that a man has torn thee with his nails , and by dashing against thy head has inflicted a wound . 
  well , we neither show any signs of vexation , nor are we offended , nor do we suspect him afterwards as a treacherous fellow ; and yet we are on our guard against him , not however as an enemy , nor yet with suspicion , but we quietly get out of his way . 
  something like this let thy behaviour be in all the other parts of life ; let us overlook many things in those who are like antagonists in the gymnasium . 
  for it is in our power , as i said , to get out of the way , and to have no suspicion nor hatred . 
   *** if any man is able to convince me and show me that i do not think or act right , i will gladly change ; for i seek the truth by which no man was ever injured . 
  but he is injured who abides in his error and ignorance . 
   i do my duty : other things trouble me not ; for they are either things without life , or things without reason , or things that have rambled and know not the way . 
   as to the animals which have no reason and generally all things and objects , do thou , since thou hast reason and they have none , make use of them with a generous and liberal spirit . 
  but towards human beings , as they have reason , behave in a social spirit . 
  * and on all occasions call on the gods , * and do not perplex thyself about the length of time in which thou shalt do this ; for even three hours so spent are sufficient . 
  just copied it here to safe others some time . 
  i copied a little more context than necessary , just enough to reach the next point at which ma talks about the gods . 
  pizarro has n't scored a single goal this season ( in the bundesliga ) . 
  he gets to play about every other game , but usually only for the last 20 or so minutes . 
  so far , to put it harshly , he might just as well not have existed at all . 
  i still think bayern are glad to have him , because everyone knows he 'd be a good replacement if mandzukic/gomez should be injured . 
  zambrano is one of the many reasons for frankfurts success this year . 
  not a mayor reason ( like rode or jung ) , but he is a starter in every match and is playing a very solid season . 
  there 's rumors that some bigger clubs ( among them liverpool ) are interested in zambrano . 
  advincula - i was n't even sure who that is . 
  he only played twice for a total of < 90 minutes . 
  farfan played in almost every match , scored 6 times in 23 matches . 
  very strong season overall . 
  schalke 's season is not great , but ok so far . 
  ( might have felt a lot better if they had n't just dropped out of the champions league . ), 
  there 's lots of cells ( for instance in your brain ) that live as long as you do , they are never replaced . 
  the `` seven years '' urban legend might be true if you take an `` average '' - counting the number of cells that your body consists of and dividing by the number of cells that are replaced every year . 
  but while some cells ( e.g. 
  in the top layers of your skin ) are replaced several times every year , others are replaced much more slowly - or never . 
  urban legend . 
  see , [ for instance , here ] ( http://askanaturalist.com/do-we-replace-our-cells-every-7-or-10-years/ ) ( or find better sources yourself ) . 
  that `` seven years '' thing is an urban legend . 
  some cells are never replaced throughout your lifetime . 
  http://askanaturalist.com/do-we-replace-our-cells-every-7-or-10-years/ [ find better sources yourself if you do n't like this one . 
  synapses are n't neurons . 
  synapses are created and destroyed all the time , neurons ( usually ) are n't . 
  every democrat in belarus ? 
  ethnic minorities or temporary migrant workers who do n't want their children taught in a foreign language ? 
  people who move around a lot , for work or fun ? 
  there 's tons of reasons why you might want to educate your children at home , for a while at least . 
  of course , if you are at all interested in doing this in germany , the general ban on this can quickly make you desperate or insane . 
  let me try if this thread has taught me anything :, 
   she told me later she almost cried after the first time we had sex , because it was soo bad . 
  true .
