   i got better, 
  partly true . 
   and she called me thundercock . 
  lie . 
   i realized later i 'm still not that good at sex, 
  true . 
   i just have a big penis . 
  lie . 
  right ? 
  right ? 
  yes , 1:1 in turkey & 2:3 at home . 
   who signed that baseball ? 
  pete rose , pete rose , pete rose . 
  almost downvoted for bitching about being downvoted . 
  then almost downvoted for a video of a cat being dropped . 
  say what you will , the cat looks positively terrified . 
  ultimately upvoted because the video is really cool and nothing happens to the cat . 
  i do n't think so ; but i really do n't know . 
  i 'm not even sure what kind of experiment could be used to answer this question . 
  the atoms that form , for instance , one strand of dna , have strong bonds to their neighbors . 
  they ca n't just start flying around as long as the dna-molecule deos n't completely break up . 
  dna is very stable . 
  most molecules that form a cell are probably less durable . 
  i 'm guessing a cell wall is , if you will , only one giant macromolecule . 
  ( i might be very wrong about this . ), 
  if that 's true , i 'm guessing most atoms in this molecule stay `` in place '' for the entire lifetime of the cell . 
  `` do , or do not . 
  there is no potato . '', 
  -- latvian yoda, 
  it 's natalie portman !, 
  given a chance , fucking her is * always * implied . 
  ask wikipedia . 
  mathematicians seem to disagree , with most of them claiming that zero raised zero can basically be chosen as 0 or 1 or indeterminate depending on the context . 
   according to benson ( 1999 ) , `` the choice whether to define 0 ^ 0 is based on convenience , not on correctness . '', 
  this map throws very different parties in together , so it ca n't really be traslated to anything . 
  these parties are somewhere between centrist democrats and the kkk . 
  that 's not something you could possibly see in the map . 
  this map is about the election results of `` extreme right '' parties , not about how extreme some people in the main conservative party are . 
  the number they took is the combined fp\u00d6 and bz\u00d6 results . 
  they are far right , but both of them also have a somewhat libertarian streak . 
  that 's the problem with this map ... 
  bz\u00d6 is not front national is not true finns is not sverigedemokraterna is not vlaams belang etc. . . 
  because there 's people who downvote you , i just want to confirm what you said . 
  `` arabs '' are people who speak arabic . 
  jesus very likely spoke aramaic . 
  the two languages are related , but still : jesus was not an arab . 
  [ not that it matters ... ], 
  scientists would n't go back to bleeding or lobotomizing people just because they * could get away with it * . 
  that 's what hitch accuses religious people of : they would still kill `` heretics '' , if only their religion had enough power . 
  i do n't know if i generally agree with this , but looking at regions of the world where religions actually still * are * ( politically ) strong , i understand where one would get the idea . 
  have you made a sacrifice to satan yet ? 
  if not , you 'd better hurry !, 
  a fresh batch of babies has just arrived , and you 're not getting one bite unless you sacrifice a goat to the dark lord first !, 
  all kidding aside : i 'm happy for you . 
  have a great life !, 
  not sure how that time travel thing works , of course , but my guess is that choosing something from the old world improves your chances of actually getting there if you 're stranded in pre-1500 . 
  maybe pharos , the island of the lighthouse of alexandria - no matter wether or not the lighthouse is already there ? 
  also , about the date : if you travel back too far , nobody will know what `` november '' is , and it might be hard for you to find out . 
  how about summer solstice instead ? 
   everyone else will think i 'm crazy , but the message is n't for them , so screw those '60s hippies . 
  uh , great idea : '60s hippies !, 
  woodstock !, 
  that 's one event i 'd definitely try to be at . 
  the chances for the other time traveller to also be there are n't too bad , and you can just go ahead and tell everyone around you openly that you are from the future - everyone just assumes you 're high . 
   note also you did n't even say `` after they broke up '' ,, 
  well , it was five sentences long - you might have missed that part ... 
   but she would n't so much as kiss me until they broke up, 
  thanks for your very solid advice . 
  also , i like your username . 
  very fitting . 
  me too . 
  this site is awesome - all of a sudden , i 'm a musician !, 
  get a better version of that image , and you might get some upvotes . 
  does anybody still think that dst is a good idea ? 
  i do n't understand why this has n't been abolished everywhere , yet . 
  [ touch\u00e9 . 
   germany have a striker problem . 
  borussia dortmund and joachim l\u00f6w 's false 9 project may be the solution . 
  well , that , or kie\u00dfling . 
  that sounds like something joffrey would do . 
  i do n't see how it can been disrespectful ; so long as he does it quietly . 
  all those who bow their heads and close their eyes have no chance of even noticing that he does n't . 
  he 's not ruining the wedding in any way . 
  do the planets in this picture move counter-clockwise around the sun ? 
  obviously , a plank length is shorter than a planck length by one speed of light . 
  that 's also the reason why it 's not capitalized . 
  bro , do you even science ? 
  yes , yes . 
  but where 's the evidence ? 
  now we need to find a lesbian to see if * everyone * agrees . 
  you obviously do not even lift . 
  what reference ? 
  this thread . 
  fuck you for being a bad friend , and fuck you for not posting a link . 
  [ give him his share . 
  edit the link into your comment . 
  be awesome . ], 
  start work an hour later . 
  i know , i know , this is n't something you as a single person can simply decide to do , sadly . 
  but for a society , the decision that 9 am is the new 8 am - the time when most people start working ( ? ),
