  doctor reddit 's best guess : phimosis . 
  no * safe * signs . 
  touching probably is the safest sign . 
  if she keeps touching you , she probably likes you . 
  even if it 's punching your arm for making bad jokes . 
  try touching her back for confirmation . 
  is it the same for you , that the skin ca n't be retracted past the head ? 
  because that 's not normal by any means . 
  the skin can be pulled back behind the tip easily and without any pain . 
  nothing to worry about if that 's not the case , but it is something that should be treated by a doctor . 
  being able to retract the skin is important for basic hygiene . 
  if she already * told * you she wants to do it , i do n't understand your problem ... 
  `` cool , come by my place at 7:30 . '', 
  i do n't like texting for anything but logistics . 
  no reason to feel bad . 
  having had sex ( or not ) does n't define who you are . 
  if you feel bad about your weight , you should try getting in shape . 
  although generally , if a woman has decided to get into bed with you , the size of your belly or of your penis is unlikely to change her mind . 
  there 's no reason to resign yourself to * anything * . 
  get in shape , be clean , and lead an interesting life . 
  in time , probably . 
  relax . 
   that will happen , right ? 
  probably , though not necessarily on it 's own . 
  working out , eating right , and dressing well will help a lot . 
  besides , you do n't need to look good to have sex , or to have fun doing it . 
  stop hurting owls , they are amazing creatures . 
  do you already know your future wife ? 
  go see a doctor about this . 
  that 's what doctors are there for . 
  it 's probably easily fixed ( without circumcission ) . 
  being able to retract the skin painlessly if important not just during sex , it also improves your basic hygiene . 
  seriously : go see a doctor . 
  it will feel embarassing , but being embarassed for half an hour is much better than having health and hygiene problems * all the time * . 
  well then , the best of luck to both of you !, 
  the first time will probably be awkward , it is for most people . 
  but i guess any unexpected noises and other circumstances are actually easier to handle if it is with your wife and best friend of many years . 
  sex is fun , and you do n't have to get it `` right '' the first time . 
  for the first time , maybe take a shower before . 
   do your chances as a male begin to rapidly decrease as time progresses ? 
  tons of guys do n't have sex before they 're 18 . 
  ( i did n't . ), 
  having had sex or not does n't define who you are , and it also does n't define wether other people want to have sex with you or not . 
  it 's a thing , but not a thing that virgins should worry about . 
  your first time is not going to be anal . 
  and if it does n't sound fun to you , you do n't ever have to do it . 
  nobody has a right to blame you for what you like and what you do n't like . 
  try to learn a bit about basic female anatomy , maybe ? 
  not because it 's necessary - but i imagine it 's good if you 're not entirely surprised by what you see down there . 
  for the most part , our bodies are pretty much made for doing this , so do n't worry . 
  you will probably find more useful answers in some of the gay subreddits . 
  the only one i know of is / r/ainbow . 
  for the most part : do what is fun to you , and to your partner . 
  sex is a lot of fun . 
  you should be excited about it !, 
  just not as nervous as many virgins are . 
  `` i love you '' - for most people in western countries , you have sex * long * before you say the l-word . 
  because of that , it would be very weird to me if a girl suddenly said `` i love you '' while we 're having sex for the forst time . 
  i might take it as a compliment ( `` this feels fantastic !, 
  '' ) , or i might freak out and tell her to gtfo . 
  if you 've said `` i love you '' to that person before , then i 'd still go with * after * sex much rather than before or during . 
  but that 's between you and your partner , of course . 
  if you do n't get enough useful answers here , i 'm guess you should ask on one of the specialized subreddits . 
  good starting point : / r/ainbow . 
  i have no idea what this could be . 
  it sounds like something she should discuss with her gynecologist . 
  like pizza . 
  when is good , it 's * really * good . 
  when it 's bad , it 's still pizza . 
  if you 're a virgin , do n't worry about that kind of stuff . 
  do n't even think about it . 
  your first time will be plain vanilla sex . 
  which is loads of fun . 
  that 's mainly overcorrecting . 
  sex is a lot of fun . 
  might be the most fun thing you do in your life . 
  but that 's just what it * usually * is . 
  under some circumstances , e.g. 
  when you are very nervous , it can be depressing , it can be messy , and it can hurt . 
  during their first time , most people are extremely nervous . 
  that 's the main reason many people do n't get to really enjoy sex the first or second time . 
  so when people tell you that your first time might hurt , i think they mean it in an encouraging way : it might hurt - but keep at it !, 
  there are many people who are virgins at 24 . 
  having had sex or not does n't define who you are . 
  take care of yourself , stay fit and clean , and lead an interesting life . 
  it 's both the best way to have lots of sex , and the best way to enjoy life even if you * do n't * have sex . 
  i 'm assuming for my answer that this woman usually * does n't * beat her son , and that this was a one-time thing . 
  if she beats him every week , she might in fact be a bad parent . 
   the son is n't being taught why his behavior was wrong, 
  you are talking about this as if it was a ten year-old who shoplifted a candybar . 
  in that case , beating the kid would be completely unacceptable , instead you * explain * why you ca n't do that and maybe make the kid apologize . 
  a boy of some 16 + years ( like the kid in the video ) already knows that rioting is wrong . 
  but he apparently needs to learn that it makes him repulsive and despicable * even to his own mother * . 
  the way she beats him wo n't physically harm him - but it forces him to stop rioting right now , and it will force him to think about this occurence a lot in the future . 
  letting him riot instead would have been bad parenting . 
  yeah , shure : the best parenting makes shure that your kids never do anything morally wrong in the first place . 
  but even good parenting can fail once or twice - and when it fails so drastically that your child decides to hurt other people for fun , beating some sense into them in public absolutely is a good remedy . 
  so you took five more provinces in a war against an already-dangerous coalition ? 
  keep playing on for a few more years - the next coalition might be the same as the first one , plus france or russia . 
   but i was in the red mists and on a power high ,
