  and i thought this was just my german brain going nuts ... 
  thanks for the link , this is really interesting . 
  not sure how serious you are about this , but it 's clearly not true . 
  atheists are clearly better than christians at `` producing '' more atheists . 
   no dating until 16, 
   no single dates until 21, 
  what 's a non-single date ? 
  dates that are supervised by a parent ? 
  [ serious question , non-american here . ], 
   dude , i went to college and told the first gay person i met that i `` did n't believe in their lifestyle '', 
  it almost hurts just reading stuff like this , but actually having * been * the one who said it must be quite painful once you come to your senses . 
  i ca n't laugh about jokes like this , my grandfather died in auschwitz . 
  he got wasted and fell off his watchtower . 
  [ yes , this was my joke too terrible to tell in public . ], 
  yes , i am . 
  i know it 's not an achievement that i did anything for , and thus it should maybe be rephrased to `` proud of germany '' or something , but to hell with that - they mean the same thing . 
  that is one way to phrase it , but i prefer others . 
  : a patriot loves his or her own country and thinks that everybody else should love theirs . 
  a nationalist loves his or her own country and thinks that everybody else should love it , too . 
   yellow , red and black, 
  black , red , and * gold * . 
  i insist . 
  i always feel that people who ca n't be proud of anything ( not their country , not their city , not their sports team , ... ) sound awfully lonely . 
  do you feel like you * belong * with any group of people that is larger than your immediate circle of friends and family ? 
  anyone of whom you feel like they are `` your people '' ? 
   if you want to be proud of your nationality as a german , you have a bad time approaching your history lessons . 
  i 'm sort of proud to be german , and i have no problem approaching our history . 
   yet they not take any kind of personal pride in it . 
  i think all germans take pride in what `` made in germany '' stands for , even though most ( at least here on reddit ) would deny it . 
  but we do get a warm and fuzzily uplifting feeling upon simply hearing the words `` made in germany '' . 
   edit : let me give you an example of other `` pride '' movements where there is no pride because of any personal accomplishment , but of an identity : gay pride , black pride , etc. . . 
  these are some great examples . 
  i 'm proud of you . 
  [ also , i 'm gon na steal them . ], 
  i have to tell you that i find this comment extremely funny , even though i ca n't tell if you 're serious or a parody . 
  or possibly both . 
  my mother once told me that she would never even say that she is proud of me or my sibblings and our achievements . 
  her own children !, 
  not sure if she is an extreme case , but her arguments about this were in many ways the same that you see in this thread . 
  i think this shows that in her generation ( born in the '50s ) , the word `` pride '' was basically a taboo , or an empty word that can never really mean anything . 
  this still continues to have effect , although i think it 's very slowly diminishing . 
   but i 'm glad i was born and raised here and i really love to live here . 
  it 's a great country . 
  i think this is exactly what people everywhere mean by saying `` i 'm proud to be x. '', 
  in that case , i think elaborating could only get us into a fight , so i 'd rather abstain . 
  [ if anybody is still reading this , i 'm glad to translate this . 
  roughly , at least . ], 
  `` class consciousness '' is just so ... 19th century . 
  i often feel like i 'm quite oldfashioned , so i can sympathize with this to some extent . 
  you could even go so far as to say that i am quite `` class conscious '' myself . 
  - although i identify as a * borgeouis * , of course . 
  so , if the grand revolution ever comes , i shall be one of the people you have to fight . 
  but be assured , i still respect you as a gentleman . 
  now i 'm not even sure anymore if i 'm being serious myself . 
  it 's hilarious !, 
  definitions vary , but i tend to disagree with you . 
  what he 's describing is patriotism . 
   not easy to be proud when citizens of other countries think they need to remember us of our past over and over again . 
  ( remind ), 
  but i am proud of how we handle our past . 
  when a few people in cyprus ( and i 'm sure it really is n't more than a few ) feel it 's appropriate to paint a hitler mustache on pictrues of angela merkel , i just think it makes * them * look bad , not us . 
  it does n't ? 
  `` i 'm german , germany is a great country , i love living here '' - that almost sounds like a definition of pride to me . 
  i 'm german , btw . 
  i had almost forgotten how funny the it crowd is ... 
  first of : the only reason i feel tempted to downvote you is the pathetic wailing about how you are so certainly going to be downvoted . 
  nobody ever wants to hear this . 
  the nazis had power over germany for twelve years . 
  twelve lousy years , that 's not even one percent of the german history . 
  a drug addict who stole , lied , and robbed to get his drugs but who then gets his life together and stays clean has every reason to be proud . 
  we are n't `` the rest of the nazis '' , we 're merely their descendants ( most of us , partly ) . 
  so what ? 
  americans are descendants of slave owners . 
  every human in the world is the descendant of murderers , rapists , racists , you-name-it . 
  not sure if you want to say that your * living * relatives are `` so nazi '' - that would be a problem , of course . 
  mine are n't . 
  my grandparents were . 
   as many others here pointed out already , you should/can just feel pride about things you somehow achieved by yourself . 
  so , do you ? 
  ( feel pride about things that you achieved ), 
  i 'm just asking because in my experience , most people who say that you ca n't be proud to be german do n't seem to be proud of anything else , either . 
  [ of course , this is just a very small sample of people , so it might still be a rare thing . 
  but it is my observation so far . ], 
  i never claimed there are * no * nazis in germany . 
  there are some , of course , and almost all germans view them as scum . 
  look at election results : they make up clearly less than 5 % of all germans , and that includes people who only vote npd `` to send a message '' . 
  the nsu murdered ten people within ten years - tragic for the victims and their families , no doubt . 
  but i do n't think it proves that they had any official support . 
  the ongoing investigation showed shocking incompetence , but not really any cooperation with the nsu ( so far , at least ) . 
  95 % of all germans today would never vote for a nazi party . 
  i 'm proud of that . 
  `` erm '' what ? 
  the only thing you have to add is `` afd '' ? 
  you even say yourself that they are not a nazi party , and i 'd like to state more precisely : they clearly , obviously are not even remotely close to being one . 
  putting them in a list as if they might be is stupid * and * trivializes real nazis . 
  the npd is the less-than-five-percent i was talking about . 
  we already covered the nsu - 3 murderers with a handful of supporters . 
  the afd has nothing to do with this discussion . 
  of course , i 'd love to help . 
  what can i do for you ?
