  however , publically promoting alcohol is a bit of a step up from occasionally having a drink . 
  anyway , what are you even arguing ? 
  that it 's * not * easier for christian foreigners to integrate in the german society than it is for muslim foreigners ? 
  i think the rebel offensive is de facto over , but it 's really too soon to be sure - mostly because we do n't know for certain who is holding what right now . 
  if [ this map is accurate ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cpboi76wgaab6g1.jpg:orig ) , they may yet break through - but i do n't think it is . 
  if it fails , i 'm fairly certain that it will be their last chance with any good prospects . 
  the rebels will never be able to put together a stronger offensive , and the regime will never be weaker . 
  more comprehensively , i also think this means that the rebels are finally losing this war right now . 
  if it becomes clear that they ca n't break the siege of aleppo , they ca n't threaten damascus , and they ca n't put any pressure on the coastal region , they are basically finished . 
  everything that follows is just a slow dieback of the rebellion . 
  you asked very good questions . 
  do n't worry , if you ask too many questions , people will simply ignore some of them . 
  however , you could significantly improve your post with some simple formatting . 
  most importantly : you need to press enter twice to start a new paragraph . 
  they are attacking from the outside . 
  control of the 1070 projects is probably split , but it is unclear how much the rebels hold . 
  20 % , 60 % , 85 % - nobody knows . 
   then isis caused the siege on east aleppo to crumble, 
  * west * aleppo , right ? 
  if your only goal is to revoke : yeah , you can do that easily . 
  to quickly get over with the leagues , keep this in mind :, 
   [ if the leagues do form , ] ( http://www.eu4wiki.com/holy_roman_empire#religious_leagues ) then after 30 years with no league war occurring , there is a chance that the diet will occur in the favor of the emperor . 
  the mean time of this happening is 5 years after the initial 30 years without a league war , and it will only trigger if the player is at peace , not in a regency , and has no truces with any of the electors in the opposing leagues . 
  sieges do take a long time . 
  just click through all of the sieges ( click on the province ) to have a look at the modifiers , see if you forgot about something . 
  do you have a general with a siege pip that is not helping yet ? 
  do you have more artillery that could speed up the siege ? 
  ( not important in the early game , of course , but the most important factor later on . 
  hover over the artillery modifier to see the exact number of cannons that you need . ), 
  in case of coastal forts : do you have a sea blockade in place ? 
  once you 've made sure this is all in order , and you 've crushed the enemy 's armies and taken all non-fort provinces , you can just wait for all the sieges to end will the months fly by on speed 5 . 
  you can be interested in important world events while not wanting to see dead , disfigured bodies . 
  is purple contested areas , or recent sdf gains ? 
  either way , looks like it 's almost over . 
  they were under siege and held out for months or even years . 
   is anyone else here disappointed with the conduct of this sub in the past 72 hours ? 
  i think at this point , everybody is . 
  it has been so one-sided that i decided to upvote every pro-rebel piece of information , even if i did n't believe it . 
  turns out that most of it was true ( - ish ) . 
  i think these news ( while horrible for syria ) will be good for this sub . 
  government supporters will be disappointed , will become less active , and it will be overall more balanced . 
  how much time does it take to redeploy troops * within * a city ? 
  yes , you are . 
  your brain is probably faulty . 
  [ has was . 
  ] ( http://awoiaf.westeros.org/index.php/renly_baratheon ), 
   renly grew up at storm 's end . 
  only a boy of six at the time of robert 's rebellion , he spent the war under siege in storm 's end , together with his older brother , stannis , where he was witness to the desperation of the starving garrison . 
  wow . 
  that map really puts in perspective * how much * land the rebels just conquered in this one offensive . 
   comparing dbz characters , especially goku , to comic book characters is the most useless comparison anyone could possibly make . 
  there has been only one worthwhile [ comparison between superman and goku , in season 3 of the epic rap battles . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0mw9nrg_kzu ), 
  there 's a man in germany ( [ gustl mollath ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gustl_mollath ) ) who spent years in a psychiatric hospital . 
  he was was deemed mentally insane mostly because of the complex paranoid belief system that he had constructed , in which he believed his own wife , who worked at the reputable hvb bank , to be complicit in a large scheme of professional tax evasion and money laundering . 
  he was finally released when it turned out , seven years later , that there was in fact such a scheme in place at the bank and he [ had been telling the truth all along . 
  ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/bizarre-german-court-case-to-reopen/a-17002400 ), 
  and because he sounds like an idiot in that story , i just want to state in his defense that he made important achievements in chemistry and hygiene . 
  translating german wikipedia :, 
   pettenkofer published more than 20 monographs and 200 original articles in scientific and medical journals . 
  his merits as the founder of hygiene , a pioneer of environmental medicine , an experimental field researcher , chemist and nutrition physiologist broke new ground ; they were and are recognized worldwide . 
  the medicinal chemistry also owes him useful detection methods for sugar , urine contents and arsenic . 
  for his scientific achievements he was admitted on 24 january 1900 in the prussian order pour le m\u00e9rite for sciences and arts . 
  also , the real shocker comes last : he did n't really get sick from that experiment . 
  according to wikipedia , he had mild symptoms for a week , and was still convinced by the end of it that these had nothing to do with cholera . 
  ( by the way , he was 74 years old at the time . 
  cholera could easily have killed him ! ), 
  some of his students , who did the same experiment , did n't get sick at all - which is n't even surprising : cholera is surprisingly often asymptomatic . 
   [ in endemic areas , 75 % of cases are asymptomatic , 20 % are mild to moderate , and 2-5 % are severe forms such as cholera gravis . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vibrio_cholerae ), 
  with australia , i still ca n't tell if that means that you agree with her . 
  dude , no !, 
  you were stupid and could n't learn anything , and then he had a mental breakdown . 
  [ the two are probably not related . 
  i feel the english language makes this sentence very ambiguous ( it could mean : `` they retired him as punishment for what he did in that war game '' ) , so i want to state it more clearly :, 
  he was already retired when the war game started . 
  that would make sense , but natives never use it like that . 
  as a regime supporter , here 's my reply :, 
  i wish they would n't do these things . 
  i wish they 'd never target or carelessly hit hospitals , i wish they 'd never commit any other war crimes . 
  but their doing stuff like this does n't in the slightest shake my belief that the government is the side that * must * win this war , because the consequences of their defeat would be unimaginably worse than the consequences of their victory . 
  in wwii , the allies bombed hundreds of german cities to ashes . 
  i wish they had n't done that . 
  i think it was a war crime . 
  but clearly , i 'm still happy it was the allies who won that war . 
  you need to press enter twice to start a new paragraph . 
  i said '' ** target or ** carelessly hit '' . 
  a negotiated settlement that hands half the country to al qaeda would be immoral , a negotiated settlement that does n't include al qaeda ( or their rebrands ) would be pointless . 
  beyond that , i do n't think i feel like answering your questions , sorry . 
   turkey growth beats estimates . 
  note that this was before the putsch . 
   7 tenants, 
  and one landlord . 
  [ xkcd has similar priorities . 
  that 's called a pitcher , but it 's not very common . 
  in some regions ( the rhineland , do n't know about elsewhere ) , there 's a good alternative : order a meter of beer . 
  [ looks something like this , ] ( http://krone.system-shop.at/si/s276iprodd14168.jpg ) and often means that you get 11 beers and only have to pay for 10 . 
  when did the entire neighbourhood get destroyed like that ? 
  just now , in the fighting during the last two weeks ? 
  the us paid that debt in world war i.
