  that obsession always bugged me . 
  tywin clearly is only saying that he does n't care or does n't remember where that woman went , and it seems like tyrion is trying to read something into these last words ... 
  ah , thanks . 
  somebody already mentioned `` maus '' , but i could n't find out what they where talking about ... if you do n't even know it 's a book , google does n't help much ... 
  who 's the guy in the picture under the whiteboard , half-hidden behind that guy 's shoulder ? 
  i thought it was joseph smith at first , but it does n't look quite like him ... 
  i * know * i ` ver seen this picture before . 
  it 's really bugging me that i ca n't put a name on that face !, 
  thank you !, 
  germany 's university system is free for everybody , too . 
  bachelor in germany , master 's degree in norway , doctorate in ireland - does that sound like a plan ? 
  here , have an internet hug . 
  it 's all good , we 're friends here . 
  i 'll be back in the corner with the other `` religious apologists '' . 
  in other words , you 'd have been the `` blood red faced kid [ ... ] screaming down the hallway '' . 
  nice of you to post this . 
  i believe most of us are aware that most christians are nice people ; but the reminder does n't hurt . 
  just to make sure i understand your situation : your parents are christians , and you have already told them that you 're not ? 
  yeah , but that 's a 7 *** 4 *** 7 . 
  op 's mother used an updated version of the argument !, 
  creationism has * evolved * ... !, 
  great , now i miss hitchens again ... 
  in the analogy , that would be like sending trillions of storms over trillions of junk yards . 
  while it 's possible that one of them would assemble something similar to an airplane , i still think it 's unlikely or at least not very convincing . 
  the more important thing to note is that evolution does * not * work like a `` whirlwind in a junk yard '' at all . 
  i think you should n't call this a rant , it does n't sound rant-y at all . 
  i agree with you , as i think almost everybody here does . 
  sure , if we could prove that there is at least one god , we should change the word `` atheist '' ; but apart from that , hardly anything would change . 
  have you heard hitchens on the subject ? 
  the deist has all their work still ahead of them . 
  www.youtube.com/watch?v=vnmyl8sf7bq&amp;feature=player_detailpage#t=880s [ sorry , it seems this link does n't want to be put in the usual format ... ], 
  you sound like a poet and a sage . 
  [ and here 's sam 's blog . 
  http://www.samharris.org/blog/item/a-plea-for-spirituality ), 
  he has a few articles about spirituality , i think . 
  i think there 's a mixture of reason for why creationist-bashing is so popular . 
  one reason is that it 's so easy - creationism * is * plain idiotic . 
  another reason is that this is a topic the public ca n't simply ignore . 
  if you 're my neighbour , i do n't really care if you believe in unicorns . 
  but if our kids go to the same school , i ca n't simply accept it if they talk about unicorns in biology classes . 
  more importantly , teaching children creationism harms them , as in : it makes them stupid . 
  even if the schools insisted on talking about unicorns - whatever . 
  but if you believe in creationism , you ca n't understand * anything * about the world or modern sciences . 
  embarassement might also have a role to play , because it is embarassing for an industrialized country to have so many people not `` believe '' in basic biological facts . 
  ( i 'm not american . ), 
  one final reason , a more positive one : evolution is such an elegant , beautiful theory . 
  once you understand it , you want other people to appreciate it , too . 
  i thought it was something like this :, 
   if i convert it 's because it 's better that a believer dies than an atheist does . 
  can you point me to a source that these actually were his last words ? 
  i do n't think we should take last words especially serious ; and hitchens also said he holds last words to be about as significant as first words . 
  still , people like making stuff up about this , and i 'd like to have some actual facts about hitchen 's last words , if they are known . 
  i would n't . 
  `` religion '' is a term about as broad as `` sports '' ; and ice hockey is far more dangerous than chess . 
  if one of your neighbours was a fanatic jain and one was a fanatic muslim , which one would you keep an eye on ? 
  ( yes , yes - both . 
  lazy answer . ), 
  weird wish . 
  the norse religion can hardly be seen as a threat to civilized people - nobody truely believes in it . 
  one day , this might be true of all religions - is n't that what you would rather wish for ? 
  if she wants to help british muslims , she should try to make deconversion easier and more common . 
  after all , other britons are rapidly losing their faith - why would she want the muslims to be different ? 
  yeah , i think i know what you feel . 
  i know when i first read stuff by sagan , i was amazed . 
  i did n't know at the time that he was already dead ; it felt a little weird when i found out . 
  hitchens is the first author who basically * died while i knew about him * - not in person , mind you , but it almost feels that way . 
  but still , since his death , he has kept becoming more important to me , too . 
  i ca n't help myself , i think this is a naive and illogical position . 
  if one of your neighbours believes that you are from scottland ( though you 're not ) and the other neighbour believes that you want to be murdered ( though you do n't ) , both of them believe incorrect things about you without any evidence . 
  but you only need to worry about one of them . 
  great slogan . 
  i know . 
  that 's just one more reason . 
  but of course she does n't ... 
  she is a great example of a religious moderate doing the work of the extremists . 
  [ edit : just a heads-up - your username makes it hard to take anything you say about any woman serious . 
  even when you are right . ], 
  sorry to bother you further , but could you point out * why * you think this is a dumb argument ? 
  the analogy is n't perfect , of course , but i think it works . 
  if person a holds beliefs that are silly and harmless , and person b holds beliefs that are silly and dangerous , it seems unreasonable to treat these two people the same . 
  i was not . 
  i just read it , and will probably have to give it some time to sink in . 
  for now , let me first try to find some common ground : i do agree that it would be a good thing if everybody ultimately gave up beliefs that are in no way supported by evidence . 
  but treating all beliefs the same still remains a silly ( and possibly dangerous ) thing to do . 
  i ca n't even shake the feeling that greta christina agrees with me to some extent :, 
   if all religion were moderate , ecumenical , separate from government , supportive of science , and accepting of non-belief ... well , atheists would still disagree with it , but most of us would n't much care . 
  if i may expand my sports analogy a little ... 
  there 's two things to learn about `` sports and danger '' :, 
  1 ) all sports can be dangerous . 
  2 ) some sports are more dangerous than others . 
  i know which lesson i think is more important . 
  no , you make the claim that it 's more impressive to find out that both of them * might * be dangerous than to find out that one of them is * more * dangerous than the other . 
  did i paraphrase that correctly ? 
  this is your first contribution that i 'll be downvoting . 
  you 're not arguing here , you 're ... well , i 'm not sure * what * you 're doing . 
  i can live with that . 
  have a nice day !, 
   a phobia is an irrational and unfounded fear of something . 
  fearing islam is neither irrational nor unfounded , so it does not qualify as a phobia in any way . 
  islamophobia is just a propaganda term coined by islamists to stigmatize those who criticize islam .
