  yes , a polite guest who stays at your house for a few days will bring some small present . 
  it 's not absolutely mandatory , but quite customary . 
   i was thinking maybe a plant or two , as her father is an avid gardener ,, 
  this sounds like a great idea for a gift . 
   and palmyra is nowhere near as isolated as idlib was . 
  i know what you mean , but that 's still a confusing thing to say . 
  it 's less isolated , as in : it 's closer to damascus ( and dez ) , so the regime would have an easier time sending reinforcements there . 
  but it also has the advantage of being * much more * isolated than idlib - it 's not surrounded by an endless number of small villages with a population that is mostly hostile to the government . 
  so it 's much more difficult to besiege the city , because you have nothing but open desert everywhere around it . 
  almost all shops ( including gas stations ) accept debit cards nowadays , combined with a pin or signature . 
  ( [ `` ec-karte '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/electronic_cash ) ), 
  actual credit cards are far less common , and i 'm not sure if they are widely accepted . 
  in restaurants , i would n't risk it . 
  i think most actual restaurants do accept debit cards , but it 's very unusual . 
  use cash in restaurants , or ask what cards they accept before you order anything . 
  in pubs , you definitely pay with cash . 
  are mechthild i and mechthild ii also related to each other ( and possibly to helga as well ) ? 
  when your pants are dry while your enemy 's pants are soiled , your enemy can not make plans against you . 
  the general with the stronger bowels will win even with the weaker army . 
   if you only allow jurors who say they will impose the death penalty, 
  that 's not it . 
  they only allow ( ed ) jurors who are n't opposed to the death penalty in general . 
  does n't mean that they had to agree with it in this case . 
  imagine instead people who are against the idea of punishment in general , serving on duties that require unanimity . 
  no matter how clear-cut the case or how despicable the crime , these guys would always refuse to punish any criminal . 
  it makes sense that jurors are required to be fundamentally ok with the punishments stipulated in law . 
  thanks for the compliment . 
   for guilt , it makes a lot of sense , but punishment is something that comes in degrees . 
  the death penalty does n't . 
  that 's why it should require an unanimous vote , and * that 's * why all members of a jury should be `` death qualified '' . 
  by the way : i think the death penalty should be abolished . 
  hats off for that levelheaded introspection . 
  if i rememer correctly , they later half-heartedly tried to weasel out of that statement by claiming that by `` shooting '' them , they had only meant [ `` shooting them in the knee '' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kneecapping ) . 
  more likely we just do n't know where exactly the control of one group ends and the other begins . 
  in the gif , the `` border '' between isis and nusra is a straight line in the beginning , and a straight line in the end . 
  that 's not realistic in mountainous terrain . 
   so you pass the costs down to hundreds of future generations . 
  if you are worried about the costs that humans in a hundred generations may have to bear , simply put one dollar in a savings account for them . 
  a hundred generations is ~ 3,000 years , so the sum that compound interest will have generated until then is vast beyond any imagination . 
  ( it 's only ~ 9 trillion dollars if you get 1 % interest per year . 
  63 septillion at 2 % interest . ), 
  do n't get me wrong : i 'm not claiming this would actually work , i 'm just trying to illustrate why worrying about the problems of people in a hundred generations is nonsense . 
  edit : this is so silly it 's not even cute anymore . 
  thinking about the next generation is awesome . 
  thinking about the generation after that , too . 
  for three , four , five generations , things already get much more complicated - these people will live 100 + years from now , and they will have technology completely unimaginable to us . 
  if you think about the people just twenty generations from now , any consideration beyond `` we probably should n't literally blow up the earth '' is wasted on them . 
  talking about hundreds of future generations is n't far-sighted , it 's simply moronic . 
  could have been another attack on dez instead . 
  or on aleppo . 
  or on the rebels north of aleppo . 
  or on kuweyres airbase . 
  or on a large number of other targets . 
  it 's not like anybody was really surprised that palmyra was attacked . 
  but it could have been somewhere else just as well . 
  you might be projecting there . 
  now let 's try to find someone who knows a bunch of unqualified asians in med school !, 
  if that does n't work , native americans are alright as well . 
   ( heh ... attitude , you get it ? ), 
  um ... not really , to be honest . 
  wordplay on * altitude * , maybe ? 
  camembert ? 
  stress ? 
  easy fix for all of this : you have one guy working at the dock . 
  i do n't think automated trucks would actually have a problem backing into a dock , but say they do : that guy just hops in there and does the backing-up . 
  he 's much better at this than your normal driver , because he does it far more often . 
  he then inspects the truck , checks the cargo , and sends the truck on its way . 
  instead of spending hours to drive this truck to its next destination , he simply takes care of the next truck . 
  this one guy is effectively driving * all * the trucks that will reach his dock that day at the same time . 
  there 's certainly more to driving than people think . 
  there 's even stuff to it that humans are better at than computers , and will be for quite some time . 
  but the vast majority of their * time * , truck driver spend driving their trucks - and that 's enough to replace most of them with computers . 
  keep a few humans around where you actually need them , have the trucks drive from one place to the other on their own . 
  that 's cool , keep driving . 
  do you really like driving * all the time * you are doing it , though ? 
  i like driving , sometimes . 
  other times , i 'd gladly do something else while the car drives itself . 
  also , sometimes i want to get from a to b , but i 'm tired or drunk . 
  my car is n't tired or drunk . 
  i guess i 'd like driving when i 'm drunk ( most things are so much fun when you 're drunk ) , but it 's still better for me to hand over the wheel . 
  big advantage : you can eat them any time of the day . 
  they make a great breakfast , they make a great lunch , they make a great dinner , they make a great snack . 
  they say that every morning . 
  at least , that 's what i imagine . 
  i 've never actually been to pommern . 
  the police has a very good reputation in germany . 
  they are seen as trustworthy , police brutality is only a minor topic in germany , and i 've never even heard of police corruption . 
  even when there are cases of excessive violence [ nsfw - [ picture of a man who was hit in the eye by a water canon ] ( http://p5.focus.de/img/fotos/crop3942034/4030608150-cfreecrop_21_9-w1280-h720-otx0_y120-q75-p5/urn-newsml-dpa-com-20090101-140624-99-01862-large-4-3.jpg ) during the protest against the new train station in stuttgart - really not a pretty picture , blood coming from his eyes , click at you own risk ] , it 's usually more politicians who are blamed for this . 
  not the police directly . 
  i 'm quite certain that ( german ) reddit 's opinion of the police is far worse than the general public 's , by the way . 
  may i ask the same question about sweden ? 
  [ there 's nothing really stoping you . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schengen_agreement#/media/file:schengen_area_participation.svg ), 
  if you really want to , go ahead - come tome germany !, 
  it 's not all milk and honey over here either , but if you 're unhappy in sweden , moving might help . 
  wo n't happen all that quickly . 
  first world economists have a comparative advantage . 
  they are more expensive than third world economists , of course . 
  but you also have to include e.g. 
  call center agents : first world economists , compared to first world call center agents , are cheaper than their third world counterparts .
