  understandable . 
  taking provinces is just so tempting . 
  if you really want to punish the coalition leader , always check if you can make them release a nation or two . 
  you can usually vassalize those nations diplomatically without getting any additional ae . 
  russia should be affected more by your taking of these new provinces than france , and russia does look quite dangerous . 
  even if france does n't join a coalition , there 's still the risk that they might be allied to the future coalition leader , so they would still stand against you in the war , only as a regular ally . 
  it 's likely true , but local . 
  so it 's comparable to two fsa or if brigades clashing - annoying for their side , but no big deal as long as the violence does n't spread . 
  it 's not like ndf and saa would start fighting everywhere in the country . 
   a rand vs sanders showdown, 
  oh my , that would be so much fun . 
   is there anyway it could possibly be used at all when it ca n't be exchanged for other currencies ? 
  it 's * gold * . 
  you can exchange it easily for any currency in the world . 
  if you want to avoid suspicious questions about how you got to hold isis currency , you can melt them down before selling them - but that does n't decrease the value of gold . 
  it needs a bit more explanation what the actual situation is . 
  1,000,000 doors . 
  behind one of them , lots of money . 
  behind all the others , nothing . 
  ( [ nope , not even a goat . 
  ] ( https://xkcd.com/1282/ ) ) the moderator * knows * which doors hides the price . 
  you get to pick one door , and after that , the moderator will open 999,998 doors - no matter which door you initally picked . 
  this means that you effectively can either get * one * door ( the one you initially picked ) , or you can get * all the other doors * . 
   actually it does matter witch door you picked when the moderator removes the doors . 
  if you picked the right door just by random chance , it does n't matter , because all the remaining doors are the same . 
  if you picked any other door , he does n't have a choice - he opens all doors except for the right one and the one you picked . 
  edit : ah , i see which part of my post you were actually replying to ; and i think you misunderstood me . 
  i was just defining the rules : the moderator will * always * open all the doors except two , no matter what door you initially picked . 
  he ca n't decide to simply * not * open a few extra doors today . 
  monopolies allow companies to raise prices and ignore some of their customers ' wishes . 
  governments usually do n't hold monopolies that they try to make money off at all ( and they should n't ) , and they have a different reason to try to make their `` customers '' happy - elections . 
  yes , and thats the problem turkey 's kurds have with turkey . 
  probably full of military equipment . 
   they forgot they were n't in paris , and they forgot they were in texas . 
  maybe they were confused because they were [ so close to paris , texas . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paris,_texas ), 
  this is simply the level of security they * need * , as evidenced by the armed fuckers who just tried to kill them . 
  if those would-be-murderers had shown up any other time or place , it would still be * their * fault , not the fault of people who draw or display pictures . 
  because he just told them that the two suspects were shot , so the danger was probably over already , and the police/security did a damn great job ? 
  also , to drown out stupid questions . 
  just to clarifiy : i did not mean * your * question . 
  the guys who asked `` were the suspects muslim ? '', 
  did n't seem to be finished yet . 
   also , as someone of jewish decent , i ca n't say no to free things, 
  oh boy , you will make your future compatriots so uncomfortable . 
  germans simply have no way to react to jews making jokes about jews . 
  since we hugged the site to death , here 's the text and an [ imgur mirror ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ft5c5vw.jpg ) of the picture . 
  although i recommend not reading it , it 's one huge load of crap . 
   a woman faces down a line of baltimore police officers in riot gear on monday during protests after the funeral of freddie gray . 
  ( chip somodevilla/getty images ), 
   if what is happening in baltimore happened in a foreign country , here is how western media would cover it :, 
   international leaders expressed concern over the rising tide of racism and state violence in america , especially concerning the treatment of ethnic minorities in the country and the corruption in state security forces around the country when handling cases of police brutality . 
  the latest crisis is taking place in baltimore , maryland , a once-bustling city on the country 's eastern seaboard , where an unarmed man named freddie gray died from a severed spine while in police custody . 
   black americans , a minority ethnic group , are killed by state security forces at a rate higher than the white majority population . 
  young , black american males are 21 times more likely to be shot by police than white american males . 
   the united kingdom expressed concern over the troubling turn of events in america in the last several months . 
  the country 's foreign ministry released a statement : `` we call on the american regime to rein in the state security agents who have been brutalizing members of america 's ethnic minority groups . 
  the equal application of the rule of law , as well as the respect for human rights of all citizens , black or white , is essential for a healthy democracy . '' britain has always maintained a keen interest in america , a former colony . 
   palestine has offered continued assistance to american pro-democracy activists , sending anti-tear-gas kits to those protesting police brutality in various american cities . 
  egyptian pro-democracy groups have also said they will be sharing their past experience with u.s.-made counter-protest weapons . 
   a statement from the united nations said , `` we condemn the militarization and police brutality that we have seen in recent months in america , and we strongly urge american state security forces to launch a full investigation into the death of freddie gray in baltimore . 
  there is no excuse for excessive police violence . '' the u.n. called on the united states to make a concerted effort to make databases of police violence public to improve transparency and cut down on corruption in the justice system . 
  along police lines as curfew descends in baltimore ( 4:00 ), 
  as a 10:00 p.m. enforced curfew loomed , the mood on the streets in baltimore shifted from positivity to a tense stand-off with law enforcement that was quickly dispersed . 
  ( whitney leaming/the washington post ), 
   international analysts predict the seeds of a so-called `` american spring , '' fomented by technology . 
  `` it 's amazing what social media is doing for the cause of justice in america , '' said a political rights analyst based in geneva . 
  `` the black youth of america are showing what 21st-century civil rights activism looks like , using technology , social media and a decentralized organizing strategy to hold authorities accountable and agitate for change . 
  these kids represent what modern-day freedom fighting looks like . 
  the revolution will be tweeted , periscope-d and snapchatted . '', 
   local leaders in the american township of baltimore imposed a state of martial law this week after peaceful protests turned violent . 
  in response , countries around the world have advised darker-skinned nationals against non-essential travel to areas noted for state violence against unarmed people of color , especially in recent hot spots such as new york , missouri , oklahoma , south carolina , ohio , california , michigan , virginia and now maryland . 
   international human rights groups have appealed to the global community to facilitate asylum for america 's ethnic black minorities . 
  when asked whether the european union was willing to take on more black refugees risking their lives in fleeing american state violence , an e.u. 
  human rights spokesman said : `` more black refugees ? 
  we are dealing with our own mediterranean crisis , so now is not really a good time for that for us . 
  furthermore , we believe in american solutions to american problems . '' the african union has not responded to requests for comment . 
   american government officials took to state media , characterizing the protesters as `` thugs , '' a racially coded word increasingly used to describe black males in america . 
  commentators in national media have frequently compared the protesters and riots to various characters and events from the popular television series `` the wire , '' set in early-2000s baltimore . 
   america 's ethnic blacks have been displaced from many of their communities due to a phenomenon experts on the region call `` gentrification , '' when wealthier residents move into a lower-income area . 
  baltimore is no exception to this trend , with some areas seeing home values rise as much as 137 percent after corporate dollars move in on opportunities in poverty-stricken areas . 
   resident joe smith , a member of the white majority ethnic group , said outside of a brand-new starbucks near baltimore 's inner harbor , `` i do n't know why these blacks are destroying their own communities . 
  why do n't these people follow martin luther king 's example ? 
  those guys got it good from the police back then too , but they did n't try to rise up and fight back and make everyone uncomfortable , you know ? '', 
   alfred de zayas , a un human rights campaigner ,, 
  edit : just realized this is in / germany . 
  what a disingenuous title . 
  it 's not the un calling for a suspension , it 's * one man * . 
  important job or not : this guy is not the un . 
  it 's fine to view it like that . 
  but then the title could also have been just that : `` un official calls for suspension ... '', 
  do you remember how old you were when you started using these contracts , and how old you were when you stopped ? 
  ( last writing or last citing . ), 
  did we just define candy as a life necessity ? 
  op 's son might be interested to learn this . 
  thanks for the clear [ descriptions ] . 
   it shows that syrian lives do n't matter . 
  on a subreddit devoted exclusively to syria , this complaint sounds rather odd . 
  minority deaths are seen as important when they show the intention to not just kill some individuals , but to exterminate the minorities as a whole . 
  for those who do n't get it : `` la plata '' literally means `` the silver '' in spanish , and `` argentina '' is derived from the latin `` argentum '' , which also means `` silver '' .
