  if ireland is green , northern ireland would have to be orange ... 
  do n't think that 's what / u/eichenschild was getting at ... . 
  it 's more likely that the vast majority of male emigrants are in construction while the women have more varied jobs . 
  how are the azerbaijani emigrants sending home such large amounts of money ? 
  they send home much more per person than the other countries !, 
  is it not hughie g ? 
  fishing was really thrown under the bus in favour of farming when we joined the eu . 
  depressing really . 
  while ireland is one of the 3rd most obese but 2nd most active . 
  diet in ireland is usually very unhealthy though . 
  never underestimate most peoples ' inability to contain their excitement when travelling . 
  i 've been on that ferry many times and people will always go straight onto the wifi to update their facebook/twitter/etc to say they are off to the uk . 
  come to ireland and uk citizens can vote to their hearts ' content . 
  just not on presidential elections and referenda . 
  it could be 14 \u00b0 c in ireland and people would have their tops off as well !, 
  not a smoker but almost certain that 's the case over here as well . 
  it obviously works because i do n't even register that there is cigarrettes in the shop most of the time !, 
  did not know this . 
  thank you !, 
  clever incentive system to convert to protestantism haha, 
  in the context of tv shows , it 's not . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/louie_ ( tv_series ), 
  subdivision of land is the main reason . 
  ireland was a predominantly rural country . 
  large families . 
  large amounts of land owned by the anglo-irish or british . 
  farmers in ireland tended to divide their land up between their sons in their wills , unlike the customary primogeniture ( first son gets it all ) in britain . 
  this was due to less industry in ireland whereby if you excluded one son , you could n't guarantee that they would be able to go to a city and find a job . 
  over time , the farms became smaller and smaller as they were subdivided , until the only crop that a family could survive on was the potato . 
  larger farms , usually not owned by the catholic irish , were used more efficiently to grow other crops . 
  unfortunately , much of these crops were then exported to britain during the famine , instead of being used to feed the natives . 
  this time it 's not, 
  yeah 20 or so million to host . . fook that, 
  i do n't know too much about transgender rights admittedly but is the new legislation supposedly coming in not some kind of remedy to that ? 
  then again could be another abortion-esque dilemma where no one wants to take on the legislation so it never gets done unfortunately . 
  i feel i need to redeem my country a bit . 
  same sex marriage referendum ( and i think it includes provisions for same-sex adoption ) will be coming by the end of 2013 or early 2014 . 
  its expected to pass . 
  also it seems that we should be legislating to recognise gender identities soon enough . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_rights_in_europe#northern_europe we 've come a long way since 1993 !, 
  but we have civil partnerships in ireland ( fairly similar i 'd say ) and we are very low so your civil unions are hardly bringing you up too much ? 
  i love the irony of the countermeasures section, 
  trade with the us is never going to be fully free , therefore its important we protect our own interests . 
  i 'd rather the eu dismiss unfair treaties rather than accept the first one offered just so the process is expedient . 
  would kind of defeat the purpose of a single market would n't it ? 
  no expert on it , but would any deal negotiated for the uk not be applicable to the rest of eu ? 
  then the uk are negotiating for everyone essentially . 
  that 's the most depressing thing about our situation , the probability that i will have to leave when i graduate :(, 
  i would wager that they mean that it is lower because there is no tax on the winnings , not that a tax collects money for the prize . 
  the money is collected through ticket sales i 'd say . 
  that 's the case in ireland anyway . 
  it says that canada ranks 1st for college ( 24 % ) , but 8th for university education ( 26 % ) . 
  have only skimmed the survey but could the larger net wealth of southern countries be attributed to the fact that they are usually much larger . 
  3 generations of a family in one household versus smaller households in germany due to people moving out at a younger age . 
  maybe the data mentions this , have n't really examined it . 
  the angry republican in me wants to take that as you saying we are the same . 
  then again i 'm happy to admit we are so similar to the british in so many ways . 
  its complicated i guess . 
  we may not have any money but at least we have netflix . 
  ireland is no . 
  woah woah woah , we were part of the united kingdom for over 100 years . . granted we were still drunkards but we were n't a colony !, 
  got ta get that life expectancy up somehow !, 
  it seems to only ever be people from the uk which see it incredulous that ireland may be actually well developed : s, 
  i 'm irish and hear it all the time , e.g. 
  - `` he does n't have any foreign languages '', 
  most irish people do n't agree with that statement however . 
  that 's the crux of the issue in ireland . 
  far more people over here believe that where life begins is more important . 
  i 'd personally still be pro-choice but people confused by why abortion is such a contentious issue in ireland need to understand this fact . 
  yeah there 's a lot of slack in the economy so getting back on trend will take high growth rates for a while . 
  not a teacher but i doubt it . 
  if you are a permanent teacher , it can be fairly difficult to fire you . 
  what is true is that a lot of young teachers have been floating between jobs for a number of years without any permanency . 
  however more teachers were due to be hired in the last budget and i expect the number will be increased again this year . 
  on the other point , i think a lot of people get the feeling that while things are n't great , we are doing well by european standards at the moment . 
  however people will continue to complain because its hard to forget the really good times ( 2000-2007 ) when we had arguably the highest standard of living in europe . 
  ireland developed very rapidly from 1995-2007 so it 's just not covered by this chart . 
  [ hardly a stagnation in those years ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/ireland/gdp-per-capita ), 
  predominantly rural ( galway is the only city ) , bad land in the west , less investment , higher unemployment . 
  in summation , bad economy and not getting better any time soon . 
  decent potential for wind and wave energy though , if the latter ever takes off . 
  is that thing in the middle meant to look like a kettle/tea pot ? 
  just to let you know , it would be more natural to say an exporter of aid or even better an aid donor . 
  the latter years of the celtic tiger may have been unsustainable growth ( overreliance on construction and credit ) but the celtic tiger as a whole was n't a myth . 
  * eye twitching *, 
  [ ireland is missing and had a growth rate of 4.1 % yoy ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/ireland/gdp-growth-annual ), 
  it 's fine , [ not like we have the most lithuanians as a proportion of population outside of the baltics or anything . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lithuanians ), 
  why is our 2020 target so low ? 
  not an economist/statistician so ca n't understand why with much higher growth ( both in gdp and employment ) that our 2020 % is one of the lowest in the eu . 
  i do n't think the labour force participation rate in ireland is particularly low ? 
  [ ever since we ceased to be a dominion of the british empire ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ireland_act_1949 ), 
  without wanting to incur the wrath of some republicans , i would note that the british make up a far larger amount of the immigrant population in ireland , than irish in the uk . 
  as people tend to regard them as ` less foreign , ' it seems like there are less immigrants proportionally in ireland than the uk just my opinion anyway . 
  why do you even bother ? 
  especially encouraging is the increase in income tax despite a cut in the higher rate in the last budget . 
  and ireland ( higher than uk and sweden ), 
  i think he said * major * advanced economy . 
  fair to say we are n't a major economy . 
  [ wo n't be happening from the uk anyway ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/air_passenger_duty ),
