  how is that different to what i said ? 
  he wants leniency for ireland ( i.e. 
  one of the smaller states ) . 
  i never said that the election is n't in the forefront of his mind . 
  i 'm conflicted . 
  on one hand , we do need to decrease the debt as it is obviously too high . 
  on the other , we are going through a period of record low bond yields ( thanks in part to qe ) and low growth prospects . 
  with that in mind , i would support increased expenditure , if it was focused on the capital side , rather than borrowing to pay for higher current expenditure . 
  i believe he actually wants more leniency for the smaller states , mirroring the lax stance the eu has taken on the french budget position . 
  i 've had hurleys made from ash for a long time from some lad down in tipperary so i expect they are in ireland, 
  it 's grand . 
  if we act the fools and are n't wearing an ireland football jersey , they 'll just count us as brits . 
  [ you are preaching to the choir on the wind thing mate ] ( http://www.sorenergy.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/3tier_5km_global_wind_speed.jpg ), 
  well it depends where you are speaking english tbf . 
  seriously ? 
  potatoes would be the staple eaten most but then it would be pasta so i doubt the validity of this . 
  like spaghetti , penne , lasagne - all widely eaten in dublin anyway . 
  the figures are adjusted to cost of living and norway is expensive so they probably do earn more than in ireland . 
  the average teacher teaching  15 years ( i.e. 
  the red and blue portions on the graph together ) might still be paid more in england because the orange benefits/salary increases could be very rare ( like an extra 1k for having a phd or holding a special position in the school , etc ) . 
  i know that 's how it is in ireland - the orange section is made up of loads of little potential increases to your salary that many do not get . 
  civil servants are n't paid too badly in ireland . 
  plus we are n't exactly poor . 
  you are barking up the wrong tree mate , coppers and workmans are fundamentally different crowds haha . 
  they use outdated data so i 'd be inclined to say it 's not exactly accurate . 
  for example , they use 2013 unemployment data for most countries despite more recent data being readily and frequently available . 
  ah my bad , i did n't realise romania is ahead of portugal . 
  then it is a mistake , one of many it seems . 
  it does say top economies in fairness , they had to stop somewhere along the list or else it 'd just be all the countries . 
  i think they look nice tbh . 
  plus onshore is much cheaper than offshore . 
  bit odd for someone who goes on about the financial industry to call switzerland irrelevant !, 
  mc tends to be irish and mac scottish . 
  if you are claiming lower costs as the reason for lower prices , why did they increase in some parts of the country and decrease in others then ? 
  commodity costs dont really differ across a small country like ireland . 
  theres no bubble . 
  house prices fell in dublin this year !, 
   comes from the irish influence of what it takes to be `` celtic '' bretons might be mistaken then as i do n't think anyone in ireland associates drinking with the ` celtic identity . ', 
  do n't think rents are decreasing in any area of the country ? 
  in fairness , that 's data from the height of the economic crisis . 
  also , irish nationals do have a disadvantage when it comes to welfare statistics in some regard because there are a lot of people unable to work ( i.e. 
  disability benefits people ) and that cohort are less likely to be immigrants due to the fact that they do n't tend to emigrate . 
  our governments seem to be running up more and more debt for citizens to pay off . 
  currently pension funds require more people paying in as they are n't sustainable . 
  it 's all economics really . 
  according to [ this site , ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/croatia/gdp-growth ) your growth is only 1.3 % . 
  are you sure its not y-on-y growth you are referring to ? 
  is n't your unemployment rate very high ? 
  why the demand to raise wages ? 
  and raising the minimum wage or public sector wages ? 
  your data is n't up to date . 
  ireland has released q3 gdp figures and qoq growth was 1.4 % also . 
  i imagine that just lumped us in with you as we tend to eat the same stuff right ? 
  smoked salmon and soda bread to start , turkey and/or ham , stuffing , roast potatoes and/or mash , sprouts , other veg , gravy , maybe you guys throw in a yorkshire pudding ( ? 
  ) , christmas pudding , christmas cake maybe . 
  then a shit load of roses/celebrations/quality and loads of booze to round the night off . 
  already passed the pre-crisis peak . 
  that would be the effects of eu membership , not the euro though . 
  i 'm aware of the euro 's role in the boom ( the unsustainable part of the boom that is ) but ca n't really think of what it 's done to benefit us in the recovery . 
  what 's your take on it ? 
  does our recovery have much to do with the euro which could n't have been achieved with our previous currency ? 
  if anything , we could have devalued our currency with relative ease ( which would have led to increased competitiveness and easier debt repayment ) with the irish punt . 
  our data is n't available yet . 
  will come out early december i 'd say . 
  it may beat 1.4 % actually because q2 was 1.9 and q1 2.1 , and the economy has n't been slowing . 
  when it is saying literal meaning , i think it may only be referring to the irish names , not the nordic ( ? ), 
  names . 
  the name in english is usually just an anglicised bastardisation of the nordic names . 
  waterford for ve\u00f0rafj\u00f6r\u00f0ur becomes more self-explanatory when it would be pronounced ` wah-tur-furd ' rather than ` waw-ter-ford . ', 
  or i could be talking shite . 
  trade between an eu country and a non-eu country is negotiated on an eu-wide basis . 
  the past trade agreement would be void . 
  just because something which existed when both ireland and the uk were non-eu does n't mean it will continue to exist when ireland is in the eu and the uk is n't . 
  those countries are in the eea though which i doubt the uk would join as that means abiding by eu regulations and paying high membership fees without any influence . 
  there is no way they join that ( it involves free movement of people as well which would be political suicide in the uk ) . 
  i really doubt the uk will hand out a trade agreement on par with the eea agreement ( i.e. 
  one with all the benefits and none of the drawbacks ) . 
  i 'd say the disparity in negotiating power between a 27 member eu and an independent uk would mean that the trade would not continue as normal . 
  the fact is the uk wo n't be able to achieve trade on the current level and furthermore would be on worse footing when negotiating free trade with other countries ( us/china/etc ) . 
  trade is in no way separate . 
  trade is regulated for the most part by the eu . 
  the common travel area could stay but i do n't know where people get the idea that a trade agreement would magically exist between us . 
  ireland , as a member of the eu , ca n't negotiate trade agreements with non-eu states ( which is what the uk would be ) on its own . 
  constituent countries of the eu do need them in the eu though . 
  us first and foremost . 
  for bottled water yeah , but i 'd say they are talking about tap water which i 've gotten for free loads of times . 
  we only got independence after a war . 
  do n't act like it was some huge act of generosity . 
  house prices are stabilising in dublin . 
  it 's the rest of the country that is increasing . 
  that said they are only stabilising because so few can can satisfy the new lending restrictions . 
  ah fair enough . 
  even as someone born and raised in dublin , i tell people they need to go wesht if they come to ireland . 
  fly into dublin , maybe stay a night . 
  get your rental car and fuck off down the country where the scenery is nicer and the pubs more traditional . 
  doing the same next weekend myself , ca n't wait . 
  why not ? 
  just curious . 
  it is an irish company so hardly surprising a lot of their business is here . 
  loads still empty because they were built where no one wants to live or can get jobs so demand for those houses was never there in the first place .
