the uk also needs to keep a permanent hold on at least part of the island for security and strategic purposes . 
  mate this is 2014 , not 1914 . 
  the reasoning is that the money is to be used to bring the poorer countries closer to the standard of living of the rich countries . 
  this will then provide a larger market for goods and services , which currently predominantly come from the rich countries . 
  it is theoretically mutually beneficial . 
  golf is a fairly common sport in ireland . 
  a lot of golf courses around the country . 
  either this reply is to the wrong person or i do n't quite understand what you are getting at . 
  i am simply saying that it is not true that spain will lead the eu in growth . 
  according to [ this , ] ( http://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/survey/so/2014/new100714a.htm ) spain will have the best growth of italy , france , germany and itself . 
  uk is listed as having higher predicted growth and other euro countries are not even mentioned . 
  am i missing something here with the gdp article ? 
  many eu countries have 2015 gdp growth forecasts higher than 1.7 % . 
  ca n't find the most up-to-date imf figures but according to [ these commission figures ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/economy_finance/publications/european_economy/2014/pdf/ee2_en.pdf ) , 9 countries ' gdp will grow by more 1.7 % in the eurozone alone . 
  thanks for taking some heat off us luxembourg !, 
  it exists solely to piss off people like you, 
  you are forgetting the defining feature of eu rules , they can be ( and are ) ignored by the larger countries . 
  as mentioned above , germany has exceeded the current account surplus % rule for a while now also . 
  germany 's is a current account surplus not a budget surplus . 
  a budget surplus that high for a large country without significant natural resources would be incredible . 
  however , you are still right , that level of surplus is still forbidden . 
  funny how germany is always very concerned with budgetary rules but not trade rules eh ? 
  christ almighty , i 'm talking about the north in got . 
  i was n't trying to make some sort of political statement . 
  to be fair , below the north resembles ireland much more than eng and wales . 
  what is the certain situation you are talking about ? 
  is the majority on / r/europe so silent that they wo n't even upvote your enlightened comments ? 
  would you prefer if we let the banks fail ? 
  that would have meant a fuckload of british , french and german deposits disappearing or being guaranteed at a hefty sum by their own governments . 
  buying her garlic cheesy chips after a night out ( maccies d 's or a 3 in 1 also acceptable romantic gestures ), 
  meh , he kind of drove the joke into the ground . 
  went from amusing to obnoxious very quickly . 
  jesus that does n't even sound that liberal . 
  prohibiting people from working for competitors ( save for a few specific jobs ) does not seem liberal at all . 
  it just sounds like a labour market tailored towards employers !, 
  yeah i suppose that 's right . 
  i just think a lot of irish people believe both biological and human life are synonymous . 
  so many people on here are saying how religion is at fault here . 
  however , from personal experience i know there are a good few people who believe that life has started when a child is conceived and oppose abortion on those grounds , not on religious grounds . 
  i know people in other countries may find it hard to delineate this belief from religion but it is quite prevalent here . 
  i say this as someone vehemently pro-choice who has encountered this argument on many occasions from genuinely irreligious/atheist people . 
  [ international air route that is . 
  many domestic routes in europe even eclipse it . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world's_busiest_passenger_air_routes ), 
  also does n't help that the majority of women drink spirits/wine bringing down our numbers . 
  come on girls its a team effort !, 
  young population , even with lots of young people emigrating . 
  under alde , this graph states that ff have 2 meps in ireland , when actually they have 1 and the other alde mep is marian harkin , an independent . 
  he is disgusted with all these expenses but will readily claim them as he is not a socialist . 
  refusing to take these benefits would be a lot more admirable . 
  first time i 've heard of this perception . 
  is n't it always the baltic states that people talk about ? 
  not really , according to the most recent census only 2.5 % are uk nationals . 
  other eu citizens constitute 6.1 % . 
  as soon as we gave some power to the ep in the 1st scenario , we disappeared . 
  if that 's not enough to be sceptic of the eu , i do n't know what is !, 
  our corporation tax rate has had very little connection to our troubles since it was a banking crisis borne out of a construction bubble . 
  we get a lot of hassle for having a low corporate tax rate [ when in reality , there are many countries with lower effective rates in the eu ] ( http://www.iiea.com/blogosphere/effective-eu-corporate-tax-rates ), 
  [ according to eurostat , ] ( http://epp.eurostat.ec.europa.eu/tgm/table.do?tab=table&amp;init=1&amp;plugin=1&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=tsdde220 ) ireland and france are joint highest in the eu ( with iceland and turkey higher still ) . 
  i wonder whether increasing demand ( as a by product of economic growth ) could still make it a challenge to stay on target . 
  in what way is that racist ? 
  perhaps there is n't but its just the impression i get from british media ( and the rise of ukip ) . 
  very much a part of irish culture now . 
  they are the biggest immigrant group i believe . 
  they mostly came over during the construction boom pre-2007 but most stayed during the recession . 
  for the most part , i do n't think there has been too much tension ( like that in the uk ) despite the economic downturn . 
  it probably has something to do with how well they slot into irish culture and the fact they are perceived as law-abiding and hard-working . 
  where do i begin ? 
  the greats lakes are fucked beyond repair . 
  someone has tilted the eastern states of america too far . 
  why the long face southern california ? 
  there is no border between mississippi and alabama . 
  florida makes me cry . 
  that picture of north america irks me . 
  i know , going to a bbq today but its still a pain in the tits . 
  i hate this ban . 
  if i want to have a drink , i should be able . 
  if i want to follow religious practices , i 'll abstain . 
  it hardly says much about our faith if we are forced to abstain lest we ` break the rules . ', 
  apprenticeships are a much bigger thing in germany i 've heard . 
  especially compared to ireland anyway . 
  i feel dublin is better described through these images than i could through facts and rankings . 
  it seems like a city i would like to raise kids in but not necessarily be young in !, 
  structure and predictability are highly valued when elderly or parents but other cities have a better vibe and a bit of a chaotic vibe about them . 
  did you even watch the video ? 
  it does n't exactly praise the icelandic model . 
  i 'm only 20 now so i was n't too clued in to economics and politics pre-recession . 
  things i do remember are very telling of the situation in ireland ; people excited before the next government budget ( `` giveaway budgets '' ) , non-stop talk about property , luxury cars were the norm , etc. 
  excess was the name of the game and for the first time the irish were able to take part . 
  ireland has been recognised by the uk for a long time . 
  this is a significant event as it represents the thawing of relationships between the two countries . 
  there was a lot of tension in the past , something which leaders on both side did not help ( de valera and thatcher are two examples of leaders not exactly fond of the other country ) . 
  i was going to suggest spending a few months at a coastal resort working and going travelling in the off seasons but you will arrive just as summer work ( probably the best bet for those without another language other than english ) will be drying up . 
  unless you are in eastern europe , 660 euro will not suffice . 
  try get a touristy job in a popular city , there will always be work for english speakers at international hostels . 
  berlin is a good base i 've heard , a friend of mine lived and worked there for the summer . 
  it is relatively cheap in comparison to the rest of western europe and travelling around central europe would be easier with berlin as your base . 
  yeah you are right , but inflation has not been astronomical . 
  probably in the area of a 10-20 % increase over the past 5 years . 
  a lot of people tend to drink spirits and cider here .
