  not sure if cider is included in the beer data for the purpose of this though . 
  i 'm quite surprised that labour costs have increased in ireland throughout the crisis . 
  there has been a substantial internal devaluation noted in [ other studies . ], 
  ( http://www.openeurope.org.uk/content/documents/pdfs/internaldevaluation.pdf ), 
  [ that sweet , sweet aluminium oxide ] ( http://atlas.media.mit.edu/explore/tree_map/hs/export/irl/rus/show/2010/ ), 
  i think ireland will have a hard time meeting our target as the nimby crowd continuously protest nuclear and wind ( to a lesser extent ) . 
  not sure on how efficient or feasible wave energy is but surely we have a lot of potential in that regard . 
  i do n't follow you ? 
  and taoiseach is pronounced tee-shock as stated above . 
  fheis is pronounced esh , 14 years of irish being drilled into people and they ca n't remember that !, 
  we 'll agree to disagree then . 
  i 'm quite hungover so feel i 'm not making my point very eloquently but here goes . 
  i believe that a country engaged in a free trade agreement ( for example ) can not be said to have full control over their affairs when they are engaged in the agreement . 
  sure they have the right to exit the agreement but my original argument ( or at least the one i was attempting to make ) was that when engaged in international agreements , the sovereign power to make decisions in particular areas is diminished if the agreement is being obeyed . 
  i can see where you are coming from - i take it that you believe that this ability to renege gives them full sovereignty ? 
  something about that does n't ring true with me , all independent countries are in that regard sovereign and are always sovereign . 
  i think that on a more fundamental level , sovereignty is limited to different degrees by nearly all countries in the world . 
  i do n't agree that your analogy can be used to describe agreements between countries . 
  the countries voluntarily limit their own sovereignty ( i.e. 
  their authority to make decisions ) over trade policy when engaged in free trade agreements with other countries . 
  you are not giving anyone the power to decide whether you eat chocolate , you only agreed with yourself . 
  this is more similar to a country pledging not to increase taxes to its citizens and subquently deciding to do so . 
  in this case , they have not relinquished any authority over taxation to another party . 
  sovereignty is the authority to make decisions . 
  yes they have the overall power to exit agreements . 
  their sovereign power to make decisions on policies governed by those agreements is said to be limited when those agreements are recognised by the parties however . 
  you can still have one without the other . 
  i never said sovereignty ca n't be taken back but at present , their sovereignty ( over trade matters ) is currently limited as long as they obey the free trade agreement . 
  to me , sovereignty implies control over their territory . 
  if the free trade agreement prohibits them from acting in a particular manner , then when obeying the agreement , they are n't completely sovereign . 
  i reckon % difference between gross and net and then the net salary in zloty, 
  i have spent time in boston and a lot of the irish-americans there have , in my experience , little knowledge of contemporary ireland and its culture and obsess over the ` tweed ' view of rural ireland ( which has changed enormously over time ) . 
  simply put , america and its culture ( which in my opinion is distinctly different to irish culture ) have shaped these irish-americans more than ireland has . 
  we tend to have a bit of a love-hate relationship with our diaspora . 
  irish-americans are by far the largest group so the following may be overly weighted towards them . 
  * some * claim they are irish , not irish-american or of irish descent , which can be to the annoyance of many irish people . 
  in my time in the us , i found this sort of pride only seemed to be present amongst our diaspora and the italian-americans ( `` the eye-talians '' ) . 
  lately however we are more than welcome to indulge the `` plastic paddy '' in our tourism efforts as we could desperately use their money . 
  [ i.e. 
  the gathering which was successful in its efforts i believe . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_gathering_ireland_2013 ) things may change in the future as we will most likely have a new group of 2nd gen. irish being born given how much emigration has increased in the past few years . 
  school children here get a long summer holiday ( 4-12 year olds : july and august , 13-18 year olds : june to august ) so family holidays are spread out over a longer period, 
  never ever get off the bus without thanking the bus driver . 
  the culture of begrudgery , the rain , rampant corruption , current jobs situation , conservative laws . 
  i love living in ireland but could go and on about everything ` wrong ' here . 
  good . 
  different culture i guess . 
  notice that its the women where the disparity exists . 
  pakistani and bangladeshi women are more likely to be housewives i reckon . 
  air canada and more recently air transat have been offering direct flights for many years but they were always seasonal . 
  irish people do n't really hate her . 
  obviously there are those who protest cuts and will blame her/our government/bankers/immigrants for such cuts but these people are always present on online news websites and facebook . 
  actually the opinion of her has probably improved since 2010 because she is seen to be working with us rather than against us now . 
  barroso on the other hand is not as favourable . 
  now the bailout is over , a lot of documents and details are emerging about the run up to the bailout in which the commission * seems * to have acted in a very dictatorial nature , more so than the imf . 
  there seems to be a huge increase of them in dublin as well . 
  god knows why though , given our only slightly better situation . 
  20 millionth passenger of the year . 
  20 millionth ever would n't be too much of an achievement for the largest airport in ireland !, 
  out of interest , what is their purpose ? 
  always found it odd that that policing was divided between 2 forces given that here in ireland there is just one ( an garda siochana ), 
  i know they are n't really the police but la gendarmerie do n't take shit , from experience . 
  unless there is a lot of people getting on ( like the start of the bus route ) , more times than not people will say hello on dublin bus . 
  just my experience anyway, 
  not as easy as just saying `` compare this with western economies . '', 
  western economies , by and large , have a much higher gdp per capita and it will be a long time until eastern europe will catch up . 
  just remember it takes 3.5 % annual growth over 20 years to double the gdp of an economy . 
  agreed . 
  great place to be upper middle class . 
  there is also the issue of self-determination . 
  many in ni like the status quo , both catholics and protestants . 
  and in the republic , it is moreso seen as a long term goal rather than having lost interest ( we would n't have the money to take them on at the moment , the uk gives them a lot of money , unlike scotland ) . 
  a more recent video from irish politicians . 
  this guy is a td ( democratically elected ) . 
  [ the mind boggles . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jng7ngvxvzi ), 
  jan mayen has a population of 18 people , not much point of including it ? 
  there really are some sick people out there . 
  meaning recruitment freezes , forcing even more young unemployed to emigrate . 
  we get all of the stigma and none of the swarthiness :(, 
  you would have loved ireland between 2000 and 2007, 
  ok so our profit taxes ( essentially the corporation tax rate ) are higher than 15 other countries in this chart , including france , belgium and luxembourg . 
  so if the eu focused on these countries at the heart of the eu before picking on us , a currently easy target given our precarious situation , that would be great . 
  also 11.9 is a lot closer to our official 12.5 % than belgium ( 5.4 % v 33.99 % ) and france ( 8.2 % v 33.33 % ) . 
  i realise the loopholes that allow large companies to pay little tax in ireland need to be closed urgently but our tax rate is not the inherent problem . 
  so much would change for us anyway . 
  ireland 's economic/cultural relationship is so intertwined with the uk . 
  them leaving the eu would mark the beginning of a big divergence between us . 
  most places in ireland does n't flood that often really . 
  we get rain consistently but usually not that heavily . 
  we are recovering from the collapse of a property bubble . 
  obviously there will be excess property . 
  i do n't disagree with you on youth uenmployment , but have you ever been to a 3rd world country , infrastructure in ireland may not be up to western european standards but its far from 3rd world . 
  like you say it will take time for the economy to recover , i merely suggested that the economy should not be the sole focus now . 
  what happens in 10 years if the government focused on the economy and only that from now until then ? 
  anyway i said ancillary issues , meaning i acknowledged the economy was more important . 
  we ca n't focus on ancillary issues whilst concentrating on the economy ? 
  people care about other issues than the economic situation ( which is improving ) . 
  sure would n't people complain if the government only focused on the economy ffs . 
  ... . pun intended or ?
