i respect chomsky , but do n't really agree with what he is saying in this video . 
  what he is pretty much implying is that since gorbatchev had a `` verbal contract '' the west that nato would not expand east of west germany , russia has a legitimacy to use military force against eastern ( and northeastern ) european countries that have decided to join or collaborate with nato . 
  this , of course , accepts the premise of `` spheres of influence '' and does not leave much room for nations self-determination when it comes to defense and foreign policy . 
  also , would nato be a real military threat to russia if the latter would not have an expansionary foreign policy and instead be a normal low population , high natural resources country like canada for example ? 
  and what makes him think that the american units in estonia have offensive nature instead of defensive ? 
  there are many flaws in his logic and thus his conclusions are a rather unsound . 
  conservative people 's party is strongly pro-nato and anti-putin . 
  and as of today they do n't want estonia to leave eu , but do n't want it to federalize further either . 
  the question of the ideology and allegiance of the centre party is a complex one . 
  they were initially modeled after the finnish centre party , which is a centrist , nordic agrarian party with support in the rural areas . 
  most of the support for estonian centre party , however , as said before , comes from the capital tallinn and industrial northeastern estonia , where there is a sizable russian minority . 
  officially they are a centre-left , social liberal party , but they also support tougher law and order measures than reform party or social democrats for example , and many of their economic policies are not too liberal as well . 
  they are also for raising the minimum wage and a more progressive income tax as well as higher gender equality , which are pretty mainstream centre-left positions . 
  the party has two wings , one led by the likes of j\u00fcri ratas , kadri simson , mailis rep\u0161 and enn eesmaa , which is pretty reasonable and if it would be the dominant one , the party would have much more chances with cooperating with other parties in the parliament . 
  the other wing is the russophone one , led by yana toom , mihhail stalnuhhin , mihhail k\u00f5lvart etc , with whom no other parties want to have anything to do with . 
  the leader , edgar savisaar , is currently more aligned with the latter wing and has made some controversial statements concerning ukraine crisis , and is the most controversial politician in estonia in general . 
  i expect to see a continuation of reform - social democrats coalition , with support and perhaps a minor role in government from the free party . 
  from the latter , i do n't see too many people who would be ready to serve as governmental ministers ( perhaps herkel would be okay ) , but after a couple years in parliament , i 'd imagine their role would increase . 
  as with the centre party , i do n't see any other parties cooperating with the conservative people 's party because of their euroscepticism , homophobia and very populist electoral promises . 
  do n't agree about meat eaters , but obesity should get a similar reaction to chain smoking , alcoholism , or drug abuse . 
  congratulations to tsipras on election victory , i think that he is a actually a reasonable guy and a strong leader , the same can not be said about some of his now former party members . 
  really happy that the rebel project popular unity failed miserably . 
  this test is heavily biased , even my most conservative friends have fallen to the left-libertarian quarter there . 
  take the first question for example . 
  is even the biggest free-trader in the world gon na say that globalization should serve corporations instead of humanity for example ? 
  i once also tried to answer the questions like a conservative would , but still ended up in a left-libertarian quarter . 
  it almost seems like the test is designed to make people dissatisfied with their politicians : they put a large majority of politicians to the right-authoritarian quarter , but most takers end up in diametrical opposite quarter . 
  paper is from 2009 . 
  pretty sure that germany instituted a minimal wage of 8.5 $ per hour this year , you claim full-time workers earning that still get extra benefits from the state ? 
  hartz iv really worked wonders for germany . 
  i predict left platform will break away from syriza and have lafazanis , konstantopoulou and perhaps even varoufakis as leading candidates . 
  i guess syriza will still win and will form a new coalition , without left platform , but with whom i do not know . 
  i think left platform might suffer from being new as an independent force , but still get a fair number of protest votes , and nd might suffer from being in leader transition . 
  in that sense it might by politically advantageous for tsipras to call elections now . 
  i predict left platform will break away from syriza and have lafazanis , konstantopoulou and perhaps even varoufakis as leading candidates . 
  i guess syriza will still win and will form a new coalition , without left platform , but with whom i do not know . 
  one of the things i remember from my trips to paris is the fact that around many tourist attractions like eiffel tower or sacr\u00e9-c\u0153ur there are indeed lots of black folk trying to sell you counterfeit goods or tie a bracelet around your hand and then ask for money etc. 
  perhaps chinese guidebooks warned them about those things ? 
  good article . 
  while duda is to the right of myself on many issues , especially on social issues , i 'm happy that his first trip is to estonia . 
  baltic states and poland have quite similar understanding of russia , and when we speak with one voice on those matters on eu and nato level , we are more likely to succeed in getting other members of those organizations to understand our pov . 
  good luck to him and to poland . 
  so you are not gon na claim us ? 
  after all that fun we in the seventeen century ? 
  that 's cold . 
  like renzi and valls as moderates with a reform agenda . 
  like juncker , bojo , even farage a because they are fun , good humored and informal , even though do n't often agree with their stances , especially the ones of nigel . 
  despise putin , but think he is talented political operative . 
  martin schulz rubs me the wrong way , though i agree with a number of his stances . 
  like tsipras and tsakalotos somewhat , but think that varoufakis should have stayed in academia and that his tenure as finmin was a colossal failure . 
  i really love ireland , it is really inspiring how you have built a affluent and competitive economy , one that beats uk for example , since the start of european integration in 1973 . 
  an inspiration for many states from the wrong side of old iron curtain in terms of which can be achieved by prudent policies and hard work . 
  at least the views of jeremy corbyn are not as delusional as the ones of [ nigel farage ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9unsxeu8ljm ) . 
   corbyn even suggests it was wrong to allow countries such as poland , as a former member of the warsaw pact in the soviet orbit , to join nato . 
  asked whether it was a mistake to admit former warsaw pact countries , he says : `` i think it probably was , actually . 
  we should have gone down the road ukraine went down in 1990 , which was an informal agreement with russia that ukraine would be a non-nuclear state [ and ] would be non-aligned in its foreign policy . 
  the interesting thing is why russia did n't turn all that into a treaty , why they just accepted it as an informal agreement with nato , the eu and the us . '' and previously he compared nato eastbound expansion to russia 's aggression in ukraine , not understanding that the first was one of the main foreign and especially defense policy goals of those former warsaw bloc countries as a deterrence * from * russia 's aggression . 
  my own policy preferences are centre-left and in normal circumstances ( if i would be uk citizen ) i 'd vote labour , but this is really a dealbraker for me . 
  i think he will do just as bad as michael foot in ' 83 . 
  i 'd say that george galloway as labour leader has just as big chance of winning the general election as this guy . 
  belgium 49 % french ? 
  were only people from flanders asked or how does that work , especially as 76 % already said english ? 
   huw jones , professor of molecular genetics at agricultural science group rothamsted research , said the announcement was a `` sad day for science and a sad day for scotland . 
  he said that gm crops approved by the eu were `` safe for humans , animals and the environment '' . 
  this guy gets it . 
  my opinion of snp just went down a little . 
  good work . 
  counting alde as right is not always correct though , as there is a fair number of centrist / centre-left alde parties . 
  also did you count five star movement as socialists in italy ? 
  also i would say efdd is closer to ecr than enf . 
  who the hell is helmut k\u00f6hl lol ? 
  anyway , i 'd hope that spd would find among themselves a moderate , reform-oriented , young leader like renzi or valls and make a serious run for chancellorship , get to do a coalition with greens and do progressive reforms . 
  oddly enough the last guy to do big reforms was schr\u00f6der , with agenda 2010 and hartz iv , and while merkel and sch\u00e4uble preach structural reforms to southern countries , they themselves have n't done all that much on that front at all . 
  ... and greece ends with : understand reforms , support bailout . 
  if you go a little further in denmark you will find : sweden support really refugees . 
  which i guess is true . 
  well , in estonia , this is also very often the case , as many business owners take money out of their companies as dividends , which is taxed much lower than wage income ( no 33 % social tax and so on ) . 
  and vat makes up a much bigger proportion in the state budget when compared to personal income tax . 
  i picked estonia as i live there and it is fine , slovenia cause they are best of the bunch economically , and czech republic because of cheap beer and relaxed attitude , also good location in the center of europe . 
  croatia was forth , awesome coast and cool people . 
  i also like poland , but it is just a little too catholic & conservative for me . 
  the other baltics are also cool , but i see no reason to live there compared to estonia . 
  vat rise in order to finance decreasing income tax for low and medium income earners . 
  cheaper to collect , harder to avoid , and taxing consumption instead of work makes sense to me . 
  as for working hours i made [ this chart ] ( http://www.greenplastic.com/mortigitempo/public/style_images/mortigi_tempo/lightbox/download-icon.png ) one day . 
  there is a strong negative correlation between long annual working hours and productivity per hour worked . 
  now , this is not really enough to prove causality , but logically it should motivate employers to improve efficiency , and it might also decrease unemployment in the short term . 
  as for drugs , dealing with them as a public health issue has proven to be much efficient than criminal penalization . 
  just look at [ this article ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/portugal-decriminalised-drugs-14-years-ago--and-now-hardly-anyone-dies-from-overdosing-10301780.html ) for example . 
  gay marriage is a logical next step from civil unions . 
  and yes , we should increase cooperation with our nordic and baltic neighbors , but it is kind of on the agenda all the time . 
  and administrative reform is coming too i think . 
  fiscal and economic : 1 . 
  increase the tax-free part of income tax to at least 500 $ , moderately progressive from then on . 
  increase vat - cheaper to collect than income tax 3 . 
  increase spending on education , r & d , infrastructure , housing , entrepreneurship and perhaps defense , decrease / freeze / only moderately increase spending on agriculture and pensions . 
  decrease the working week to 36 hours 5 . 
  raise retirement age per increases in life expectancy , raise incentives for disabled to be productive to the best of their abilities . 
  decrease bureaucratic barriers to business . 
  social : 1 .
