  legalize weed ( the whole chain ) , prostitution , euthanasia , decriminalize other drugs . 
  legalize gay marriage . 
  foreign : i think we are fine . 
  hard to tell really . 
  from estonian pool , former president lennart meri perhaps , and composer arvo p\u00e4rt . 
  estonians in general are not into worshiping people at all . 
  thank you for the link . 
  i got my info about the early retirement issue from the blog and interviews of varoufakis , where he stated it was a big problem that he was about to tackle . 
  the data you showed indicates that it is also an issue in some other european countries like france and italy . 
  as their financial situation is not as dire at the moment when compared to greece , they probably could afford it as of now , but they also have to reform the system in the near future if they have n't done it already ( i am not 100 % up to date with the pension systems around europe ) . 
  there is also another massive problem with the third chart - it divides the total money spent on pensions with the number of 65 + people while there in fact is a massive problem with early retirements . 
  they even admit to it to it in the note in the end , dunno why they still posted this bogus chart to mislead people . 
  also , the average old age pension is well over 800 $ per month in greece by official statistics , in estonia it is roughly 350 $ while our gdp per capita is higher . 
  now , i am not saying that ours is the optimal level and greeks should also pay as little as that , but their current levels are clearly unsustainable . 
  [ that 's how un sees it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_statistical_divisions_for_europe ) . 
  pretty accurate i would say . 
  leader of the centre-right , liberal reform party , which is similar to fdp of germany , libdems of uk or vvd of the netherlands . 
  35 years old , studied economics , unmarried , cohabiting with an estonian pop singer . 
  became pm last year , forming a coalition with social democrats , won elections in march this year and formed a new coalition with social democrats and conservatives ( named union of pro patria and res publica ) . 
  his first government passed civil unions law , which among other thing allows same sex couples to register their partnership , which was opposed by a majority of people living in estonia , mostly the russian minority and the elderly . 
  his second government has also raised taxes on gasoline , alcohol , tobacco , also vat on hotels , and decreased payroll taxes + increased child benefits , which have also been politically controversial . 
  other topics on the government agenda are decreasing the number of municipalities as well as civil servants . 
  in general , his new government has had quite rocky start , with his party trailing in the polls , but i personally prefer him over ansip , the previous pm from the reform party , even though i am not a supporter of the party . 
  wonderful . 
  per scientific consensus , gmo foods are just as safe as conventional ones and usually cheaper too . 
  the whole common agricultural policy should be dismantled and borders should be open for all agricultural products from outside eu . 
  do n't understand the rationale for agricultural protectionism , it does not make much economic sense to me . 
  also , the money currently allocated for cap could be better used for r&d , infrastructure projects , erasmus + programme etc. 
  and just now deputy prime minister of greece yannis dragasakis hinted that the referendum might not take place at all , and that greek government is willing to compromise further on labour and pension issues to get the third bailout . 
  i think this is a positive development in terms of getting somewhere and putting the issue to bed , but the tactics of the greek government are quite puzzling to me . 
  i 'd say it is a good thing . 
  it is an internal matter for each country how many refugees or other kind of immigrants they think it is right to take in , and that should not be decided on european level . 
  but eu financial-material assistance should also be given for border control of italy and greece as they get most of the burden . 
  and ecthr should not bully them if they do n't let in those refugees / economic migrants who are taking the boat from countries that are relatively safe , while financially supporting organized crime that makes that way of travelling possible . 
  also , more should be done by eu to resolve the crises in libya and syria etc , so that there would less people in real danger for life and thus having legitimate grounds for refugee status, 
  | from that kind of perspective one could argue that saint petersburg is n't a historically russian city please elaborate . 
  are you really claiming that narva and saint petersburg have the same degree of `` russianity '' ? 
  nah , true that russia temporarily got control over it during the livonian war ( in 1558 ) , but they did lost it in 1581 , well before the time of troubles begun . 
  i do n't see how this 23 year rule would gives any legitimacy to call it a russian city . 
  what ? 
  narva has always been a part of estonia or terra mariana / old livonia etc , it was also one of the hansaetic cities during the middle ages and so on . 
  the idea that it was given to estonia by bolsheviks as a gift / out of `` good will '' while being a russian city is ludicrous . 
  from aug to jun this year i studied in germany as per erasmus + programme . 
  my total budget was like 11000 $ ( ~ 4500 from erasmus , 2200 $ for my master thesis ( it was commissioned ) , 600 $ for good grades in last estonians semester , ~ 1800 $ as extra scholarship , i also took a ~ 1900 $ student loan just in case ) . 
  i still have over 2000 $ from that bank account left , so i spent roughly 900 $ per month . 
  out of that 326 $ per month was for rent , 100-200 $ for food and alcohol , i also took two trips , one to portugal and the other to croatia / bosnia & herzegovina , both were little over 500 $ i think , plus smaller ones to oktoberfest , z\u00fcrich , berlin for new year 's , black forest , football games etc , i also had to fly back to estonia for a conference one time , many student parties also had entry fees . 
  considering all that i think i was quite responsible financially and still have a buffer of money left to have options before i make up my mind in terms of what to do next . 
  narva is not a historically russian city , it became one with the population transfers of the soviet union in order to `` integrate '' estonia better to the ussr and thus weaken the support for independence . 
  needless to say , it did not work . 
  still , i 'd say estonian government should do more to integrate the people of narva ( and ida-virumaa , maardu etc ) in general so they would feel more identification with and loyalty to estonia , not russia . 
  i 'd say it would be good in terms of security , economics , and ethics . 
  the article also mentioned the textile factory ( kreenholm ) closing . 
  well , that is due to the effects of globalization , estonia can not compete with the salaries in bangladesh for the textile sector , and i do n't think we should . 
  but ida-virumaa , the county where narva is , is not as economically depressed as the article would indicate , it is around the middle of estonian counties by gdp per capita . 
  it has much industry and energy production etc. 
  http://www.thelocal.dk/20150618/live-denmark-goes-to-the-polls - and another poll puts red up one seat when the northatlantic vote comes in . 
  i guess you danes are up for a long night !, 
  so the first exit polls indicate narrow blue win - http://politiken.dk/indland/politik/folketingsvalg2015/ece2718937/live-foelg-valgaftenen-minut-for-minut/ how reliable are they generally considered to be in denmark ? 
  89-86 to blue is super close though , especially considering that red is likely to get 3 from northatlantic while blue gets only one , making 90-89 seats ratio right ? 
  as a centrist social liberal i think i would vote for social democrats in the elections . 
  it appears to me as an outsider that helle has done a pretty good job as pm , getting many important reforms through with bipartisan support , and it seems like she is a stronger leader than lars . 
  another problem with the blue bloc is the fact that danish people 's party is a major player in it , i mean i could live with mainstream centre-right , but i have a low tolerance for those right-populist parties in europe . 
  even though most polls indicate blue has 1-2 point lead , the fact that christian democrats wo n't make the parliament and that 3 out of 4 north atlantic seats would support red bloc make them a slight frontrunner , right ? 
  i did read the article . 
  yes , it is about local elections in dresden . 
  but you can not claim that pegida is just a dresden thing , and that it has no significance for the rest of germany . 
  i mean , the rise of the movement has been one of the most discussed political developments in the last six months in germany , and i guess there is at least 5-10 % of population who would vote for a right-populist party like that nationwide if they would have an organization for that , as currently this hole in the political spectrum is not filled even though there seems to be a demand for that . 
  for myself , who has centre-left , social-liberal views , it is of course bad news . 
  it was only matter of time until germany had themselves an right-wing populist , anti-immigration/islam party of political significance . 
  france has fn , dutch have pvv , uk has ukip , denmark has dpp , hungary has jobbik , sweden has sd , greeks have golden dawn etc. 
  i expect them to make the next bundestag , but i hope other parties will agree not to cooperate with them . 
  i guess it is due to us being quite vocal about the threat of russia in the european institutions , which also might make other eu member states to be more skeptical of what russia is doing . 
  on the other hand , i think lithuania is even more vocal about those matters , so it is a little strange that we are considered more harmful on that front . 
  very much would welcome finland ( and sweden ) in nato . 
  hope they make it happen !, 
  i think estonia should be cut into two regions , the capital region and the rest , as there are big differences between the two in terms of economic development/performance . 
  and for the budget framework 2021 + it should be taken into account when distributing regional funds from the eu . 
  by current growth rates and current regional structure we would be ineligible for any regional money from that point on , but the `` rest of estonia '' would clearly be eligible by the logic of traditions of the eu . 
  undoubtedly the best composer of all times . 
  i mean , how could you compete with [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jm1os4vztga ) for example ? 
  [ tabula rasa ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8hon4aswpvk ) is my favorite , and probably also the most acclaimed of his works . 
  one of the most important works of classical music from the second half of xx century for sure . 
  in europe as a whole the outlook is quite positive though as a result of some fundamental reasons : ( 1 ) euro is weak , ( 2 ) ecbs qe program , ( 3 ) oil is cheap , ( 4 ) interest rates are close to 0 % . 
  i hope our current substandard economic performance is a temporary issue . 
  those policies tend to raise the salaries of employees and bring the unemployment down , at least in the long run . 
  how 's that not in the interest of workers ? 
  also , in what world exactly is there no correlation between overspending and austerity ? 
  no need to cut the deficit if that is small or perfectly manageable . 
  structural reforms = / = austerity , even though there is some overlap between those concepts . 
  my ideal package of structural reforms would include increasing labor market flexibility , cutting government waste , raising retirement age , battling tax avoidance & corruption , and increasing spending on infrastructure as well as research & development , among other things . 
  i 'm not a big fan of austerity , but when government has been living outside its means for decades , it might be the only thing to do , though it might deepen recession in the short term . 
  https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ce39lmoweaaww5s.jpg nice to see that growth is picking up in europe , the data from france and italy being especially encouraging . 
  sad to see greece still in recession , and while the high student performance indicates that the future is bright for estonia , when compared to 2014 q4 , we are in recession . 
  annual figures still on the positive side though , but the trend is negative . 
  more structural reforms needed , quite obvious that they are working in countries like italy , france , spain and uk . 
  so both valls and renzi , but also cameron and rajoy deserve credit . 
  in germany , riding the growth wave due to agenda 2010 seems to be finally over . 
  very cool . 
  as said in the beginning of the video , success of school system today determines the economic outlook for the future . 
  makes it seem that we might as well be heading towards a more affluent , productive society .
