  one other thing to consider is how many people actually make minimum wages in different countries . 
  for example , in estonia , in 2013 , only ~ 15000 people made minimum wage out of a workforce of roughly 700000 , and as such minimum wage can be considered to be artificially low . 
  but from what i have heard , in most other countries the percentage is much higher . 
  so estonia might look bad in this chart , but it does not show the whole picture . 
  still much room for improvement though . 
  is there gon na be a nato referendum in 2015 ? 
  and if so , which parties would support it ? 
  from what i 've heard kokoomus and rkp see it positively , how about the others ? 
  anyway , finnish political system seems quite interesting and unorthodox , with all oversized governments and all those parties that do n't follow the traditional left-right axis . 
  + swedish people 's party gon na happen ? 
  or if juha does a deal with soini , will swedes be excluded for the first time since whenever ? 
  like i said , it is the responsibility of workers or their union reps to fight for fair terms and not accept exploitative contracts , government should not do their bargaining for them . 
  if one employer offers you bad terms , you should reject them and look for an employer that offers you better terms . 
  it is one 's personal responsibility to acquire skills valuable on the labour market as well as to be assertive on the salary negotiations . 
  like i said , nordic countries do n't have minimum wages , and people generally have good salaries there , and the wage structure is quite egalitarian as well . 
  when you have a sound economy , then there is pretty much always a labour deficit , which will in turn drive wages up . 
  government over-regulation will hamper the economic growth and as such decreases wage growth for pretty much everybody . 
  yes , a high minimum wage might increase salaries for a rather small number of workers , but that good effect is offset by higher unemployment among young and inexperienced people as well as higher prices for consumers . 
  government should not set the wages ( except for public sector employees ) , these should be negotiated between employers and employees , and if they do n't want to do the bargaining themselves , they can ( but do n't have to ) delegate this right to unions . 
  in a free society , nobody forces employees to agree to terms that they think are exploitative . 
  having a high minimum wage often creates perverse situations where both parties would voluntarily agree with contract terms , but the government regulation stands in the way . 
  again , this sort of government intervention makes it harder for the lowly skilled and less experienced workers to be ( come more ) productive members of society as well as gain valuable work experience . 
  sure , but workers have the liberty not to accept terms they think are exploitative , there is no coercion . 
  i think there is no need for minimum wage . 
  salaries as well as other conditions like working hours , vacation days and so on should all be negotiated between employers and/or their representatives , and employees and/or their reps ( mostly unions ) . 
  it is not the governments function to do the bargaining for either employees or employers . 
  the nordic countries generally tend to follow this model , and it works rather well . 
  also , high minimum wage makes it harder for younger and inexperienced workers to get the jobs , which in turn give them experience that would lead to a higher paid job down the road . 
  most likely it will also make it harder for refugees to get jobs . 
  high minimum wage will essentially hurt the people it is supposed to help , and as such having it is not rational . 
  there are loads of people in gop who are also in favor of treating drug addiction as a disease and a public health problem instead of a crime , in fact in the last few debates it has been the majority view . 
  to say that gop is `` extreme right '' and `` fascistic '' is deeply misleading . 
  depends what you mean by federalism . 
  from estonian point of view , federalizing southern european debts is not in our interests for example . 
  i also think that our tax system gives more incentives to growth than many other tax systems in europe as well . 
  so having a full fiscal union would not be good for us i think . 
  as long as eu is unwilling to protect her external border , member states should have the right to protect their internal borders , not sure that would be possible in federal structure . 
  in terms of security policy , i think it is better to rely on nato . 
  doubt eu will ever be able to speak in a single voice when it comes to foreign policy either . 
  at the same time , i strongly believe in the internal market , four freedoms and all that , i personally have benefited massively from the erasmus program as well . 
  so i am torn . 
  the current confederate structure with reforms would likely be my policy preference . 
  cohabitation act , which in theory allows ( along others ) same-sex couples to register their partnerships and gives them many of the social benefits that married couples enjoy . 
  the `` interesting '' part of it is that because of elections in march and change in parliamentary composition , the implementing laws have n't been yet passed by the parliament , they have been filibustered by the opposition , and also opposed by the conservative party in government so it is uncertain if they will pass at all . 
  so it is a legal mess where same sex couples have been given certain rights , but the current laws do n't allow their implementation , making it possible for them to sue the state for example . 
  i see three possible scenarios : ( 1 ) the implementing acts will still be passed by parliament in january , problem solved ; ( 2 ) the implementing acts will not be passed , but because of court rulings , they still de facto get the rights as described in the initial law ; ( 3 ) the initial law will be made null and void . 
  personally i am for the first option and am quite pissed off because of the current legal mess . 
  a similar number of islamist terrorist attacks will happen in europe than this year . 
  migrant flows continue , but sometime the control of external border will be restored . 
  many of the migrants will also be disillusioned with the life in europe and start going back to countries they are from . 
  syrian government forces , with help from russia and iran , manage to defeat most of the rebels , and gain control of most of the country , isis would continue to control some territory and kurds will get autonomy . 
  the conflict in ukraine will be frozen , perhaps the eastern parts will rejoin the mainland in a more federal structure , crimea stays with russia . 
  the vote share and popularity of eurosceptic / right-populist parties will increase / stay the same if already high in a particular country . 
  hillary clinton will be elected as the potus . 
  the last one is not as bad as some other `` commieblock '' districts . 
  has a pond , parks and so on . 
  i 'd rather live in v\u00e4ike-\u00d5ism\u00e4e than in lasnam\u00e4e or even mustam\u00e4e for example . 
  jumping on a bandwagon a bit , but i voted denmark for pretty much the same reasons . 
  why ? 
  if european end consumers can get comparable products for much cheaper prices , we should let them dump . 
  i think in countries like estonia where having conscription is inevitable in a way , we should , in the name of fairness , ( 1 ) introduce it also for women , and ( 2 ) those unfit for military service should do some sort of alternative service . 
  current status quo where only one quarter of the population or so has to serve and the rest gets a free pass does not seem particularly gender equal and fair to me . 
  i know that my pakistani roommate had this kind of routine , and that it was a norm in malaysia and at least somewhat common in bosnia when i went to those countries . 
  i figured it might be part of [ islamic toilet etiquette ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islamic_toilet_etiquette ) , but i might be mistaken . 
  number so high in bosnia and turkey due to using left hand instead of toilet paper ? 
  `` aircraft carrier '' . 
  but a good initiative nonetheless . 
  still seems almost like a frozen conflict zone to me , think belgium , but without economic base and with a much stronger hatred between the ethnoreligious groups ( bosniaks , serbs , croats ) . 
  perhaps a better solution in 1995 would be to let republika srpska join with serbia , the croatians speaking part with croatia , and bosniaks having their own state , and with serbia ( and other participants to a lesser degree ) paying reparations for the war crimes they committed ? 
  i meant significant ground troops on the ground . 
  yes . 
  i think france has all the rights to invoke article 5 , and nato should formally declare war on daesh , and cooperate with syrian government , iran and russia to defeat them . 
  that is a bizarre statement . 
  because some eu member states are not as affluent as germany , they should take more refugees because they do n't require high skilled workers ?? 
  you really think that a syrian refugee would have easier time integrating into say romanian labour market than to the german one ? 
  as for strategy , i am in favor of eu following the dublin agreements , germany following their constitution , and europe giving more financial assistance to countries that are neighboring syria , namely lebanon , turkey and jordan , so that refugees there would have a halfway decent standard of living . 
  tatar means buckwheat , somehow was left untranslated . 
  but great work , never realized how bizarre and funny many of them are in english . 
   edit : tatari in this case refers to the ethnic group , not the food , so i guess it was right not to translate it . 
  in estonia our gdp per capita ( ppp ) is higher than in greece by latest projections , but our average old-age pension is ~ 371 $ . 
  last i checked pensions in estonia made up ~ 7 % of gdp while in greece they ate up roughly 17 % . 
  now you might say that we pay too little to our pensioners , but in greece they quite definitely pay too much and it is hurting their economic competitiveness . 
  i 'd say the equilibrium point might be at around 10 % of gdp ? 
  sorry for being a bit harsh and blunt , but prioritizing government spending on youth and those entering the labour market ( by financing education , supporting apprenticeships and the like ) over giving lavish pensions for me is a bit more prudent public policy . 
  edit : by looking at [ graph at the bottom of this telegraph article ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/finance/personalfinance/pensions/11189414/why-britains-state-pension-is-one-of-the-worst-in-europe.html ) it truly seems like estonia and greece are at the opposite edges of the spectrum, 
  in estonia the new minimum wage since the start of 2016 will be 430 $ , right now it is 390 $ . 
  but only like 15k people make the minimum here , and in tallinn even the most low skilled workers ( cashiers et al ) , tend to make at least 700 $ a month . 
  as a general rule i think that minimum wage should be approximately 60 % of the median wage so that full-time workers do n't live in relative poverty . 
  in estonia the median wage is somewhere between 750-800 $ ( the average wage is 1082 $ ) , so the minimum wage should be close to 500 $ , but we are getting there ( slowly ) . 
  as an outsider , it seems like the most logical coalition seems independence party + progressive party + vi\u00f0reisn ( reform party ) , no ? 
  or is the eu issue too divisive between the first two and the latter ? 
  can any icelander confirm or refute my ` hunch ' ? 
  hmm , as a libertarian conservative i disagree with pretty much every single one of those promises , except perhaps the rule of technocrats , even though this in itself has many issues as well . 
  this platform seems like a mix of centre-left and populist policies , and i would n't bet that those would have a positive effect on boosting economic performance or solving social issues . 
  but perhaps there is more to them than that , and they might as well be reasonable and pragmatic after the election , i guess we will find out soon . 
  short description of the candidates : marina kaljurand - independent , former minister of foreign affairs ( a position she was nominated by estonian reform party , a classical liberal party like vvd in the netherlands or fdp in germany ) , also former ambassador to russia and to usa . 
  most popular candidate according to polls , though it is very close in electoral college ( made up of mps and local municipality representatives ) . 
  was not nominated by the reform party , but social democratic party threw support behind her this week . 
  siim kallas - former leader of estonian reform party , former president of bank of estonia , former prime minster , has also served as minister of finance , minister of foreign affairs , twice as vice president of european commision , has also been union leader and newspaper head editor in the past . 
  second most popular candidate in the polls , has a good chance of getting to the second round .
