no , the country was technically called iberian union and was ruled by what used to be the king of spain that turned to be the king of the iberian union, 
  they sort of succeeded , for a while , from 1581 to 1640 portugal was ruled by 3 spanish kings , it 's called the philipine dinasty , and during that time portugal was part of spain . 
  this was caused because king henry of portugal died without a heir , and it caused a crysis which led spain to take advantage . 
  then a war of restauration was started , which caused portugal to become independent again . 
  freedom comes at a price i guess . 
   they 're practically independent ( except for when they need money ) . 
  i wonder how common this is , here in portugal the same happens with madeira . 
  they 're like the rebellious teenager who think they 're independent but constantly ask their parents for money . 
  most countries go through being in the shit and poor . 
  but not most countries try to take over europe and kill jews , gays , gypsies etc. 
  so i guess you 'll make it out , and germany wo n't . 
  so our average iq does n't decrease . 
  / s ( if it is n't obvious already ), 
  because when they tried they lost . 
  wait , so a 16 year old ca n't have sex with a 15 year old ? 
  that does n't make sense . 
  wether or not one is religious or not it 's irrelevant , religion is a huge part of our history and culture , it 's completely indeniable that they are both intrinsically linked with each other . 
  you 're not burning down a religion by burning a church down , you are burning down your history . 
  absolutely despicable . 
   in france too we have hate laws so , disliking hatefull religions is hate , but accepting millions of homophobes is aight . 
  i have to visit that place . 
  while i agree the state should n't be put where it does n't belong , when it can affect other people , which , incestuous reprodution can , then perhaps it is needed . 
  the problem is not with 1st generation incest children , it is with multiple . 
  would you implement a law that only prohibits them reproducing if they 're second generation ? 
  they 're both tricky questions really . 
  incest would n't be a problem if there was no risk in reproducing , so something like homossexual incest could be legal , or just a law prohibiting reproducing ( which would be tricky ) necrophilia , well , i just have no clue , the person is dead , but it is utterly disrespectfull , not only to the dead , but to the family . 
   with a defective condom, 
  labeling the us states is n't as important as labeling european countries . 
  that 's a bit like labeling all the provinces in the uk . 
  it 's all the same country , it does n't really matter much , ya 'll speak the same language . 
  i could easily name them all , but get them on the map . 
  lol , i wo n't even try , so many squared of states that i would n't be which is which . 
  obviously quite a few are obvious ... 
  but most are just lost on me . 
  not everyone was planned :(, 
  i swear before coming to the internet i did n't see race everywhere . 
  and besides , almost everyone puts almost all africans as black , just like europe they 're very diversified . 
  it 's a generalization that makes sense , we might not be the exact same shape , but we 're all white , and close enough . 
  it 's really a non-issue . 
  it 's completely irrational to deny someone freedom for believing in something , stupid it might be . 
  it 's an attack on free speech too . 
  if you do n't want to believe in slavery . 
  whatever . 
  only because someone might find offensive does n't justify making it illegal . 
  in fact it 's creating more people who get offended over nothing and just want to silence differing opinions . 
  from the moment you start silencing someone from saying something , you 're justifying silencing someone for saying something . 
  this is an attack on free speech and on the values our culture has set . 
  if you want to make it illegal to say something dumb , then say it , and arrest yourself for saying it . 
  that happens in most countries where they force kids to read the countrie 's greatest works . 
  uk kids hate shakespeare . 
  here in portugal kids hate cam\u00f5es ... etc , etc. 
  i keep seeing you germans saying this . 
  guess what . 
  it does n't matter . 
  she should be able to say it . 
  and she should n't be intimidated by the government for saying it . 
  how hard is that concept to grasp ? 
  it 'd be a slippery slope , if putting in prision someone who denies the holocaust the exact same line of logic of putting in prision someone who denies evolution . 
  holocaust denial should n't be a crime anywhere . 
  it is an attack on humans right to be so . 
  and i do n't care what country says it . 
  you 'd be pissed if a muslim country did it , so you should n't make excuses . 
  well brexit was never going to work out in the short term . 
  i 've never seen anyone claim that things would be great for britain immediately after brexit . 
  this narrative that great britain has made a huge mistake is ridiculous since the whole point of brexit was long term . 
  but of course this will never be reported on by anyone since everyone is deep up eu 's ass . 
  anyway , even if britain would be better off in the long term with eu , this kind of reaction style politics is stupid . 
  each case is different . 
  i 'd like to know if it 's ever possible not to elect a nutjob . 
  most migrants coming into europe are n't either . 
  you have a goddamn hungary flair and you decide if your prime minister is a moron or not based on this one incident ? 
  i 'm in portugal , so the only terrorism i currently face is the government on my wallet . 
  the eu would not let it happen , they already said they would n't allow a right wing populist of taking power of a country in eu . 
  have they shifted to the right ? 
  they seem just as left wing as before . 
  only because the law is dumb does n't mean it 's right wing . 
  i agree that these terrorist attacks will promote right wing politics and populists to power , like trump in the us . 
  however i do n't think that 's necessarily a wrong thing . 
  terrible draconian laws are already being passed . 
  a lot of the powerfull european countries are 2 notches too far to the left , and i 'm not a right winger , it 's just true , it 's not been true for long , and that is not just true about terrorism . 
  when you make it illegal to post reasonable opinions on facebook , you know the left is being just as problematic as the right . 
  i 'm tired of people acting like the right is evil and the left is all that is good . 
  unfortunately you 're right on the issue that europe will make draconian laws , so far most of them do n't even tackle actual issues . 
  like germany using hate speech as a tool to silence anyone critical of the endless stream of refugees . 
  however i disagree on one thing . 
  these laws that have been put in place have n't been thanks to a social shift in politics , these changes have been put in place by the people voted for before this . 
  a social shift , in my opinion , would be to vote for someone who is doing something else instead of passing these useless laws . 
  but this is democracy , so it 's basically gambling your country for the next 4 years to someone who claims they know what to do and hope for the best . 
  i did n't know about this . 
  i take that back then . 
  it 's silly that they focus on the wrong issues . 
  such as ? 
  i do n't remember having to be seen naked last time i was at the airport . 
  and yes , europe has already gone on and allied the us on their terrible wars . 
  that has to do with it 's alliance to the us than europe deciding to do it because they need to protect their citizens . 
  in fact , bombing syria and creating instability there only compounded the problem that is isis , on top of us basically creating it in the first place . 
  on that i can safely say : thanks obama . 
   i personally think that european countries are trying their best within their capacity . 
  clearly they 're not . 
  the first and simplest step is not allow a stream of immigrants from those affected areas in completely unregulated .
