  this is happening where i live with the central spanish government instead, 
  my bad then my bad, 
  their sacred texts and laws condoning and encouraging it in order to make seem the religion less radical is a big deal though, 
  what a racist, 
  if brexit does change its laws regarding migrations they will technically be outside the law, 
  i read it and it was good , he was in an anarchist guerrilla and so he does n't portray the communists in a positive light but otherwise most of the book is not about politics or ideas but his experience there . 
  yes , i know for a fact chinese fought against franco ( communists backed the republican side heavily to much disdain of the anarchists also fighting for them ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_brigades rakosi / six f\u00e9vrier battalion both contained chinese , and the later also japanese, 
  `` muslim scholars teach that muslims should generally be truthful to each other , unless the purpose of lying is to `` smooth over differences '' . '', 
  there are several forms of lying to non-believers that are permitted under certain circumstances , the best known being taqiyya . 
  these circumstances are typically those that advance the cause of islam - in some cases by gaining the trust of non-believers in order to draw out their vulnerability and defeat them . '', 
  http://www.thereligionofpeace.com/pages/quran/taqiyya.aspx source also has passages of the quran , hadith and sira plus a passage of islamic law my guess is they knew perfectly well that their son was n't in fact singing along to rap music while buying pizza, 
  to anyone wanting to know a little more about the subject i recommend reading `` homage to catalonia '' by george orwell ( yes , the same guy that wrote 1984 ) . 
  he was in a militia and speaks first hand how was life for a recruit there , he also speaks about how he saw spanish culture and traditions from an outsider point of view and describes very well the general atmosphere and political squabbles of the time . 
  `` all peoples of earth are in the international brigades by the side of the spaniards '' ed : to clarify , spanish speak of nations/groups of similar people as `` towns '' ( guess it makes sense in a country with as many mountains as ours , because of the limited contact every town had a different people ) , the literal translation is : `` all towns of earth are in the international brigades by the side of the spanish town '' / u/ajaume _ 2 points out to me that `` pueblo '' comes from the latin `` populus '' - that already meant `` a people '', 
  should have added photos of the most ugly ones around as well for contrast, 
  reposted to / r/brexit, 
  spaniards and other spaniards are natural enemies . 
  damn spaniards , they ruined spain !, 
  people do n't realise we already have that right . 
  spain is the most federal country in eu and we have powers ( competencias , however that translates ) in all manners of state : education , taxes , healthcare you name it , we self govern . 
  we can even borrow our own money from the markets , open catalan embassies that do n't work and discriminate against spanish speakers by not providing their children an education system in their native language . 
  to be perfectly clear that last part is both disgusting and unconstitutional ( somehow cat has been getting away with it for over 20 years now though ) . 
  spanish is not only an official language but children that speak only spanish at home are more numerous than only catalan ones , when we force then to study in a foreign language they drop out in higher rates and do worse in life than their only-catalan counterparts ( we are the only region in the world to not provide a public education system in an official majority language ) . 
  we have more freedoms than us states in some areas and again , people do n't know that , they all think we are being oppressed by this nonexistant fascist central government . 
  idiots if you ask me , if you do n't vote then do n't complain, 
  oh the typical triggered brexiter that gets mad when they hear most of the uk is against brexit and the `` referendum `` was a non legally binding opinion poll , as agreed to by all parties , the uk government has no obligation to do anything, 
  more than half , turnout was greater amongst the brexiters , the ones that want to stay are a majority, 
  quite honestly it makes me sick, 
  we honestly have a media problem here in cat , most people never look at the numbers themselves and are all convinced the central government is exploiting us . 
  the truth is we are n't much richer than the rest of spain , we pay a very fair amount and madrid pays 250 % more than us . 
  in catalonia the only region ( out of 48 ) that contributes more than it recieves is barcelona ( and within barcelona enterpreneurs , those that pay the lion 's share are overwhelmingly against secession ) we are the most taxed region in spain but the taxes we have on us are fault of our local government . 
  just talking about secession has put off international investment ( moody 's gave us a credit score worse than nigeria not long ago ) and if we ever break off we will lose roughly 100 trillion times what we pay to the central gov. 
  nobody knows this and a lot of people see those against secession as `` invaders and collaborators '' , fuck 's sake, 
  afaik hillary voted for that wall as well , and there are videos of her supporting it shows how they will turn anything on its head to demonize the opposition ( in other news , that guy is not paying more tax than he is required to using a law that my husband passed and i never fought against !, 
  lol even the mexicans have a wall to separate them from guatemala ( partially paid for with american tax money afaik ), 
  you ca n't really ask others what to wear at which temperatures i have someone get blue at 20c from the cold . 
  winter hat , gloves , thick jacket all the works . 
  poor guy had to go back to the ivory coast because he could n't stand the cold 0-4 usually for me it is thick sweater + jacket to be removed inside , although i am very averse to the cold, 
  even within spain . 
  it seems that to be a good catalan citizen you need to hate on the spanish and to be a good spaniard you need to hate on the catalans . 
  sad , really, 
  oh wow and when i studied in the uk it was at 1.50-1 .70 holy fucking shit dawg, 
  gdp is the value of the stuff you produce in your economy and is tied to exchange rates ( hence why it is measured in usd ) . 
  if the pound decreases in value by 15 % you can get 15 % less stuff with whatever you produce in your economy and your gdp shrinks, 
  http://www.x-rates.com/graph/?from=gbp&amp;to=usd&amp;amount=1 dude it 's even worse with the usd , the eu went down together with the brexit results, 
  http://www.x-rates.com/graph/?from=gbp&amp;to=eur&amp;amount=1 lol , you gon na tell me that graph is a fabrication, 
  `` the phrase `` tyranny of the majority '' ( or `` tyranny of the masses '' ) is used in discussing systems of democracy and majority rule . 
  it involves a scenario in which a majority places its own interests above those of a minority group , constituting active oppression comparable to that of a tyrant or despot . '', 
  it is exactly that lol, 
  hmm technically speaking could someone set up a server with pirated movies somewhere then set up something similar to popcorntime but without its sharing capabilities and it would be legal ? 
  even if you blocked popcorntime from uploading anything , would it then make it legal to watch movies through there ? 
  ( it would be an asshole thing to do for other pirates but nevertheless ) . 
  all else being equal , i did n't mention income anywhere . 
  do you think divorce courts are completely unbiased towards one sex or the other and pass sentences that are , so to speak gender neutral ? 
  right now an overwhelming amount of cases end up with the woman getting custody and the father having to support them financially . 
  so let us recapitulate . 
  the father has no say on whether a pregnant woman gives birth or not , whereas the woman does . 
  the father has no say on whether he wants to financially support the woman 's decision or not . 
  the father has no say on who has custody the child . 
  given equality of conditions all divorce courts will choose the woman over the man to keep the children . 
  even if the father is in a minority and gets custody of the children ( most usually because of something wrong the woman did ) , most usually , given the same conditions , women are exempt of supporting men financially to the same degree men are . 
  does this sit right with you ? 
  i have said it before and i have said it again , if a pregnant woman can opt out of being a mother , a future father should be able to do the same , anything else is unethical . 
  there will be no extra money . 
  just because of your non legally binding opinion poll the uk lost 15 % of the pounds value ( and last time i looked it has n't recovered yet ) . 
  let me reiterate , the uk lost 15 % of total purchasing power of imports because of an opinion poll that showed that out of 100 voters , 52 wanted to leave eu . 
  anyone that deludes themselves thinking the instant uk leaves eu it will be richer is in for a surprise, 
  do you think a man in the same conditions as a woman has the same chance of getting custody in a divorce court ? 
  because statistical evidence disagrees with you . 
  even if the man has custody , do you think a woman is as likely to pay as a man , and the same amount ? 
  because again , evidence disagrees with you . 
  you 'll lose jobs and purchasing power for sure , and more than what it costs being in the eu but it will be far from the end of the world . 
  the question is whether you will still need to adhere to eu regulations after brexit ( very likely ), 
  tyranny of the majority though, 
  i do n't understand , are you saying men should have a voice in pregnancy the same as women and be able to prevent the woman having an abortion , or are you agreeing with me that having a baby should be the woman 's decision ? 
  think warm and toasty might be a little of an overstatement, 
  if it 's her body her decision why are men supposed to finance women 's decisions ? 
  in the end it will be the same thing . 
  man earns cash , gives it to mother or man earns cash , gives it to state which gives it to mother . 
  no difference . 
  i personally would be up for paying a little more taxes if that supported the right of men to remain childfree, 
  i would n't trust venezuelan gov data, 
  ^ this , spain is a very federal country ( the most in eu i believe ) , in some cases some regions have more leeways than us states in their policies, 
  no lies , interview at some radio . 
  it stuck with me part of my family being polish and all, 
  the one that was subsidized by the generalitat , yes . 
  prime example of how media are biased here read their report , seriously , seeing another point of view is always good . 
  well known to who ? 
  read their report . 
  government subsidized media only focuses on there being far right members in the events they do when they defend spanish unity . 
  this is not something you can prevent . 
  in the words of the report i linked you : ** jam\u00e1s se ha documentado una sola actuaci\u00f3n que pueda relacionar a scc con ning\u00fan grupo que defienda posiciones no democr\u00e1ticas ** `` never a single action of scc has been documented which could link them to any group that defends non-democratic ideas '' with the evidence they present vs the evidence you present , i 'm inclined to believe them , not you , my dear indepe, 
  live in catalonia , not a diehard spanish nationalist , know nothing of the sort . 
  enlighten me please, 
  you are only making my point stronger . 
  you dismiss arguments based on who says them not what they say and whoever is not a secessionist will be an auto-fascist for you if you can not see how you are wrong , and how this is not a way to have a real debate then there is no hope for you . 
  listen to me closely , i am not against secession because i hate catalonia , i love catalonia and precisely because of it i am against secession . 
  i have showed you facts and figures the prove , prove that secession is not the heaven that it is sold to be yet you dismiss my arguments without reason and do n't provide any of your own . 
  is this how catalonia gets what is best for all of us ? 
  this is exactly right .
