an independent catalonia will be overall poorer than spain ( businessmen do not like it and many stated they would leave , we mostly export to the rest of spain , we will probably be even vetoed from entering eu , all besides economic costs ) 2 . 
  spain is not working against you politically from madrid . 
  catalonia has more power over their choice of policies than many states within the us , spain is the most federal of the nations and nothing is really targeted against catalonia , we dont pay more than we should , we dont get our freedoms attacked from the spanish government ( only ones telling me what i should and shouldnt speak are catalan ) 3 . 
  the war of spanish succession ( of your 1714 ) was n't a war of secession but precisely succession , and if im not mistaken castilla la mancha and madrid fought on our side . 
  as someone that feels both catalan and spanish : 1 . 
  independentists have no real arguments besides `` we pay more than what we recieve ( they only want to be socialist when they are on the recieving end ) '' and `` we dislike the spanish '' , neither one has any real weight . 
  independence will benefit no one , and hurt many . 
  the right `` to choose '' only goes as far as you are not invading someone elses freedoms . 
  forcing you to speak 1 language , forcing you to relocate or in any case kick you from your country should not be in their hands . 
  the public is not well informed . 
  most means of communication here have very strong state influence , i feel that people are trying to be used as a battering ram to bring down the constitution . 
  this is reinforced by the fact that media advertising budgets of the catalan government are the last thing getting slashed in terms of spending ( spending increased in the middle of the recession , while education and healthcare got cut down ) 4 . 
  catalonia is one of the most corrupt regions in europe , i feel that this is some kind of crazed forwards escape by our politicians ( see pujol corruption case , the considered father of modern catalan nationalism ) 5 . 
  to be competitive in a modern world we need to strive to reduce frontiers , and work with our neighbours , this is an absolute disconnection from reality . 
  independence would be hella expensive . 
  for the reasons above , i believe it is in no ones interest that independence as a movement progresses any further . 
  numbers 2 and 3 in particular go against the referendum in itself . 
  edit : removed reduntant sentence , minor grammar, 
  reiburse my polish family side for what they stole during the communist era . 
  i do not expect them to , nor they should , but it is about the only thing they can do right now to show me they are actually a decent government, 
  accurate, 
  france , england and the moors below spain . 
  we mostly get on ok , although nobody likes the french, 
  no , they have n't , it was not official, 
  the most spoken language at gone in catalonia is spanish , most traditions are under 150 years old , the fact that we are entirely culturally different is an image our politicians actively push however and if the question is about benefit to cost , it would cost us way more to be an independent country than the 4-11 % ( depending on method of calculation ) tax deficit we have ( catalonia has 15 % of the population and 20 % of the gdp ), 
  hijacking top comment . 
  max length of the manifestation 5200m , width of the `` meridiana '' 30-35 . 
  max people per sq. 
  m 3.5 , therefore max people 635000 ( calculation by `` convivencia c\u00edvica catalana '' ) . 
  catalan gov figures 2m , spanish gov figures 540-570k . '', 
  `` the catalan analyst '' calculates around 350k , citing a realistic 1-2 people per sq m . now answering op , probably or taxes would be higher and we would n't be in the eu ( yeah i am not for independence ), 
  i like how the swedish guys are in shirts and the refugees in coats , warm for the danish cold for the syrians, 
  yes , temporary jobs for summer while tourism lasts, 
  natural enemies damn spaniards , they ruined spain !, 
  confirming the spain-spain rectangle, 
  half of the incredibly small number of detained people , hardly a representative sample, 
  the question is not whether you would seek alternatives to war as far as i understand , it was whether you would defend your country if it ever was under attack . 
  that so little people would fight to defend ideals that are precious , at least where i live, 
  this is a disgrace, 
  one commenter above me said rise of nationalisms was good , the other asked how were nationalisms in catalonia, 
  it 's like this everywhere , i have met only one person that did n't complain about how things were done in their country ( politics specifically ) , and that person was chinese and scared of saying anything bad . 
  upvoted this so hard, 
  there are several measuring stations closeby and only 1 measures an abnormally high figure . 
  perhaps it is a proble with the measuring station ? 
  they placed it next to a chimney or something, 
  why poland does n't like russia do they really have to ask ? 
  i do n't really understand this to be fair . 
  each country has a reasonability towards its own people , and the eu for the eu citizens . 
  yes it 's morally good to help people fleeing from war torn countries but do n't force your morality down on others, 
  to be fair if i was facing a country that constantly had its citizens break peace talks and had groups based in it dedicated solely and fanatically to my own destruction i would do everything i could to drive it away . 
  78 % of uk muslims were in favour of prosecuting the cartoonists that drew the famous picture muhammed with a bomb as a turban [ the image ] ( https://rasica.files.wordpress.com/2011/07/muhammad-bomb-turban.jpg ) that figure was mentioned in [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vln9d81eo60 ) and i am inclined to believe it because it fits with other [ similar figures ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ixoskpl.jpg ) people that do not support free speech have no place in a modern democracy , why are we letting them in ? 
  nope , we the second biggest touristic destination , dance the french and their silly eiffel tower, 
  did they publish what university they went to ? 
  family from lwow . 
  pls gibe back, 
  just checking , is that something i should set ? 
  because if so i have no idea how, 
  disgusting people still cry after him, 
  i know native spaniards have rates of skin cancer only second to australians, 
  andorra not schengen ? 
  from traveling there it seems like it, 
  no jail , it 's really taxing on the taxpayer . 
  either community service to pay back their debt to society or just deportation, 
  man in africa not even gay africans say that society should accept homosexuality, 
  not a joke per se but more of an anecdote . 
  when poland was under a communist regime , one of the first goods to disappear from shelves was always toilet paper . 
  the poles maintained it was a tactical manoeuvre by moscow to get them to buy their shitty newspaper `` pravda '', 
  bread is pain, 
  in spain it is +4 % of a number close to 0 after all these years of mismanagement and this crisis, 
  oh , father was born in ceuta and half the family now lives in murcia . 
  should have clarified i am still impressed by how much noise my 91 year old grandma can do once she gets her hands on a pandereta ( a kind of tambourine for those wondering ), 
  i can confirm the southern europe one, 
  the question here is his many women you would allow to be raped and how much liberty would you compromise to take in 1000 refugees . 
  i have n't done the math , anyone has ? 
  that 's one way to give the doctors some action with super hot girls that want a `` models licence '', 
  let 's hope they are n't, 
  every country pretty much did or does . 
  a good book about the polish ones is `` the painted bird '' if i 'm translating the title from spanish correctly . 
  be warned it 's quite disturbing , and the author claims it is based off real events, 
  could n't it be better spent though ? 
  the eu has an obligation to do what is best for its citizens first . 
  it is true that funding closeby countries will help us in the long run . 
  but , do n't we have more pressing problems of our own to take care of before we gave our money away to charity ? 
  as long as the energy grid is connected to the mainland i see no problem with eu funding this, 
  do n't think distances are that big , probs smaller than if it was done in us, 
  remember most uk citizens are against brexit, 
  ... measured in pounds instead of usd so it does n't take into account forex movements ( england lost 30 % of its purchasing power of imports ), 
  americans abroad are much more liberal than in the mainland on average , as long as it compels to vote it is anti trump ( besides , the image of trump is n't really flattering there ), 
  25 % situation is still bad though and if only that shows how bad our market structure is . 
  high tax and regulatory burdens , bad contracts for those seeking work push people to work in the submerged economy, 
  this , few people know this ( even within spain itself ) but we are extremely federal , our counties have more freedoms in some regards than us states and in terms of budget i think we are the most federal in europe ( biggest % of budget is managed locally ), 
  the one about the 80 % was about the cartoonists of [ this ] ( http://www.amerika.org/wp-content/uploads/muhammad_cartoon.jpg ) drawing and the question was along the lines of : should the cartoonists of this drawing be prosecuted ? 
  ( as far as i can remember it was n't double barrelled at all ), 
  answered through mobile yes . 
  my bad but bad , but point stands , most brits are against brexit and going against a non legally binding opinion poll ( with a 48/52 split ) is not going against the democratic process . 
  in fact elected officials have the duty to do what they think it 's best for the whole country no matter what people think of it ( unless a referendum was made that was in fact , legally binding ) , that is just how representative democracy works . 
  are there any statistics backing that up ? 
  last i saw even native first world muslims held some pretty backwards ass beliefs ( 80 \u2105 of muslim brits saying those who insult mohammed should be prosecuted , or 29 \u2105 french islamic youth saying sometimes suicide bombings are justified ) i would expect the beliefs of refugees to be worse , not better . 
  `` give the homeless blind man help , for there is no worse curse than being blind on the streets of granada '', 
  ingorant americans that might think spain is the whole of the peninsula,
