  something like 20 % of our gdp is untaxed , which basically means young people working for under 3 eu/hour, 
  probably the hindus then, 
  actually surprised spain is n't more in the red now, 
  even better then , as long as he survives so we can question him of course, 
  yet another radical buddhist attack ? 
  thing is with gdp it is always measured in american dollars ( it is the amount of dollars you would need to buy out all the products and services made in an economy for a year ) . 
  the comparison using exchange rates kind of breaks down when a country is as vast , and has as many resources as russia . 
  they have a fuckton of land and natural resources which in turn gets them leverage on the international scene . 
  `` gdp lower than italy '' gets thrown around a lot but gdp is only 1 thing to consider when considering how relevant a country is on the world stage . 
  star shaped forts were the fortifications used after cannons , us still has none, 
  oh i was skimming over and i guess i looked at non eu fees . 
  anyways though , netherlands , switzerland , italy are all more expensive ( besides uk ) , we are not `` the only country '' from the list that charges , not by a long shot, 
  am i missing something ? 
  most countries in your list have higher annual fees and i find no mention of getting paid to study, 
  this is false here ( 50 % youth unemployment not long ago ) 2 . 
  education is not only uni, 
  rate of unemployment in finland ? 
  so would you say that unemployed citizens are more likely to go into education programs ( even if when they come out they still have no job ) when the programs are cheaper or more expensive ? 
  but prices for education vary , do they not ? 
  quality of forest is not depicted though , here everything is dry and spiky . 
  always sceptical of claims like these . 
  education here is dirt cheap and students do not count towards the statistics . 
  it functions both as a day care and a way to hide real unemployment figures, 
  i want to get off theresa 's wild ride, 
  it 's the other way around , we have given regions too much leeway . 
  the fact that we have no centralized checks and our constitutional court has no power to implement their rulings , coupled with an ellection law that weights concentrated voters much more than spread ones means that every possibility and incentive exists for politicians to appeal to local nationalisms and to promote the hatred for the central government . 
  what is going on here is nothing short of indoctrination , children are being given separatist flags at events , taxpayers pay for buses and sandwiches for those that go to secessionist demostrations ( in some areas ) , our local government routinely falsifies data ( n people at demostrations , how much we pay/recieve from spain ) and every movement that starts against this idiocy gets branded as fascist by government media ( societat civil catalana has a great report on how they tried to do this to them + how they do it to others ) . 
  a central state is supposed to exist so these kinds of things do n't happen , i have met people that tried to report corruption/misshandling of money to the central authorities multiple times , they are met with apathy and central authorities do nothing . 
  more leeway for sleazy politicians is exactly the last thing the catalan people need, 
  and then charlemagne and reconquista, 
  to be fair anything below valencia does look like morocco, 
  we are different 2 . 
  we are oppressed 3 . 
  we would be richer if we broke off spain ---------------- 1 . 
  is not an argument ( the fact that we speak a different language does n't mean we ca n't work together ) 2 . 
  is false . 
  spain is the most federal country in the eu and we have powers in all manners of state . 
  police , education , healthcare , taxes , you name it , we self govern . 
  hell catalonia has so much leeway that it can : a : borrow money without going through the central government ( we have a credit score worse than nigeria rn , yay ) b : waste taxpayer money opening embassies that have literally 0 use . 
  c : promote their national plan using again , tax money ( in catalonia and abroad ) d : go against the spanish constitution and discriminate against native spaniards by not providing a public education system in spanish . 
  children that speak only spanish at home are more numerous than the ones that speak only catalan , spanish is not only a majority but also an official language . 
  we are the only region in the world that does not provide a public education system in a majority , official language and the studies are clear , children that are forced to learn in a language they do n't speak at home get worse grades and do worse overall in life . 
  the spanish constitutional court of course ruled this is against the constitution , 20 years have passed and catalonia has n't gotten so much as a slap on the wrist for it . 
  ----------- 3 . is also false . 
  this misconception stems from the fact that we pay slightly more than the cost of the services provided to us by the central government overall ( we are on average 14 % wealthier than the average spaniard and we pay , on average 7 % more than the cost of services the central government provides for us ) it is worth noting that a minority of the taxes is handled by the spanish government , that 7 % is more or less equivalent to 1-2 % of tax revenue . 
  leaving aside `` what is fair '' , that madrid pays 250 % more than us , the sheer hypocrisy when secessionists chant `` independencia i socialisme '' ( they only want to be socialist when they percieve to be the ones getting money ) and the fact that the only ones that pay more than they recieve ( people in barcelona ) are the ones that want to break off the least , thinking that we will be richer is simply idiotic . 
  a : if we break off , our costs of the services that would need to be provided would increase , it is just much more efficient to provide a service to 50 million of people than to 7 ( cost per person is much lower ) b : even if we manage to provide the services we get at the same cost , 1-2 % of tax revenue is a minuscule number compared to what we would need to set up a country for the first time . 
  for a comparison take brexit , the pound lost 15 % of purchasing power ( compared to other currencies ) when they voted they wanted to leave eu , that is 1000 times more than what is alleged we would save , and it happened to england after they voted to leave ( and did n't actually leave ) the eu . 
  catalonia is much smaller and would vote not only to leave the eu ( leaving spain auto kicks us out ) but would leave their country as well . 
  c : we would leave the eu ( related to b ) - secessionists will deny this but unfortunately for them the head of the eu parlament was catalan and he breaks down very nicely what will happen ( we will be kicked out ) . 
  d : even if we somehow manage to go through a , b and c with literally 0 costs , our economy structure will change . 
  right now we trade more with the spanish county of arag\u00f3n ( 1.5 m people ) than with france ( 66m ) even though we border them both . 
  anywhere you look trade within a country is much higher than inbetween them . 
  enterpreneurs know this , markets know this ( see : worse credit score than nigeria and us losing international investment to madrid , valencia , murcia and other communities ) . 
  ---------------------------------------------- our media are incredibly politicised and transmit the narrative that helps our politicians . 
  they want a : something to leverage the spanish government with , b : more power , and c : getting away with corruption scandals ( a report by imf puts us in one of the worst governments in spain and eu , many prominent secessionists have been corrupt ) . 
  if we break off we will be more poor , less free , more corrupt and less relevant in the global arena . 
  ------------------------ edit : kicker is that for believeing we should n't secede you will be called a fascist and not a true catalan , situation here is just , incredibly sad, 
  what were their reasons ? 
  catalan independence is a sad joke because the 3 arguments they present are either non issues or are false, 
  fucks sake could n't we have handled it better ? 
  i am extremely for helping syrian refugees but 80 % + of the so called refugees do not [ come from there ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbic1lzqiaw ) and are not vetted at all . 
  refugees come from states at war , do not pick and choose where they want to go and have plans for going back ( the poles said in parlament that if the eu wanted them to have refugees they would need to be kept in concentration camps , or they would escape ) letting people in just because they are poor is neither [ moral nor an efficient way of fighting world poverty ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lpjzfgchgle ) . 
  even if a country took in 30m a year it would take over 100 years to let in the 3b poor people in the world ( if the population did n't grow ) edit : first video linked is the monitoring of `` sea rescue '' ngos that recently got accused of colluding with people smugglers . 
  they pick migrants basically off the ports in tunisia , nearly all of which come fom eritrea afaik, 
  it 's cossacks 1 ( without expansions ) , limited in features with prettier graphics and full of bugs `` sequel '' might be an overstatement, 
  recommend going, 
  i can generalize and i will because i do n't want to write a paragraph for every state . 
  prison sentences in the us are generally fucked up compared to eu, 
  guns + our prison sentences are n't fucked in the ass in the us you can get 20 years for carrying coke ( and if you get out your life is done , since you are branded an exconvict anywhere you go ) whereas in germany like 4 of which you will do 2 . 
  20 years makes you wonder if you can just shoot the police officer and run away if he pulls you over . 
  2 in a much better prison really does n't . 
  money is on that if the timezone changes we spaniards will still keep doing everything late according not only to local but also international time, 
  never studied ww2 have you, 
  resource wise they have it all whereas eu in a pinch would pretty much have to import it all from foreign markets . 
  chinas figures are all over the place , honestly very liklely that 1.4 % is not actually 1.4 %, 
  distinction here is who does this apply to the government of a certain nation owes people from other nations squat , as long as it does n't harm them coming into a country is a priviledge which can and should be restricted to people that can both provide more than they take away and can integrate into society . 
  same way as no one advocates for importing millions of nazis or commies no one should advocate letting in millions of muslims without even looking at the cost-benefit . 
  citizens of a country can have freedom of religion but government bar specific groups from entering no problem , not really a contradiction, 
  not importing islam does not conflict with freedom of religion though, 
  when he says `` multicultural '' he does n't mean europeans multiculturalism has become a pc way of saying + islam and subsaharan migrants this is why he gave the examples of france and britain and linked multiculturalism to violence and terrorism, 
  sweden stands out , [ should n't they count grenade \\ ( homemade explosive \\ ) attacks ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_grenade_attacks_in_sweden ) are these self reported figures by the member states ? 
  that 's true as well , i was speaking for climate change as a whole . 
  this is alarmist just tons of climate refugees , harsher hurricanes/forest fires , less landmass to build on , less profitable farming and perhaps faster desertification it is bad , it is not 15km meteorite level bad, 
  you can argue it is a tariff in disguise easily also , who reports on the carbon figures ? 
  born just in time to browse dank memes, 
  the real crime is that he was culturally appropiating islam, 
  but how would i impose draconian surveillance laws on the plebs if i do n't have islamic useful idiots to blame ? 
  we have to ~ ~ build ~ ~ tear down the wall, 
  literally whole european union is based on removing borders and barriers to trade, 
  right there with you, 
  actually i did a little search about it and from what i could find the churches [ costs are  ( http://www.publico.es/economia/iglesia-catolica-le-cuesta-al.html ) to the amount people give voluntarily through that checkbox . 
  i might be misinformed though , do you have a link for your claim ? 
  would gladly inform myself  it 's my right , not only my democratic right but my own conscious opinion . 
  ok , you have your right however you can exercise it within spain , you should also be aware that if your decision to leave spain is based on that opinion consequences will be over a thousand times worse than the cost ( not joking ) and therefore it is an opinion based on feelings not facts anyways noi , we can continue this tomorrow if you wish , late here in the old continent, 
   i want a country i can call my own congrats , you already have such a country , right to be and identify as catalan is baked into the constitution  i do n't want my taxes spent on sustaining the monarchy or the catholic church first off , your taxes do n't go to the church unless you want them to go there , second of all did you forget that it was precisely the monarchy that stopped a military coup to reintroduce fascism ? 
  they also were the ones to you know , democratize and open up our country . 
  i think it 's good we have something that unites us all in the country that has had the most civil wars in history and i honestly think the money is a very , very small price to pay to have it  depending on the state it is legal for schools to negate evolution , teach creationism ... catalonia sets their education curriculum as well , unsure about guns but i can bet there is leniency as well . 
  the conversion thing is probs against the constitution itself ( thanks spanish constitution for protecting our freedoms )  wanting to try and build something new i see this argument from people with 0 brains all the time .
