  - only one that shows up in catalan as well why are the british so weird ? 
  why are the british so cold ? 
  why do brits have ugly teeth ? 
  --------------------- using british yields same results except why do brits want to leave eu ? 
  is in second place instead of why so cold, 
  oh boys there we go everything is fine if instead of just catalan it 's just catalan and aranes, 
  i did not find the specific interveiew ( it was a radio interview and i am fairly certain it is the exact one that pops up in the video as well ) i swear by my family he said it though . 
  if you want to know about him i found [ this summary ] ( https://youtu.be/6tls95lqxk0?t=34 ) by dol\u00e7a catalunya `` and today , like yesterday our hope of freedom is strong and fervorous , the invaders will be expelled from catalonia like they were from the peaceful belgium '' he also proposed a constitution for the catalan republic after meeting with junkeras that read : art. 2 : `` l\u2019\u00fanica llengua oficial , a catalunya , \u00e9s la catalana `` . 
  `` the only language of catalonia will be catalan '' art. 10 : `` la ciutadania catalana es perd per conspirar o atemptar contra la independ\u00e8ncia de catalunya `` . 
  `` citizenship will be lost for conspiring or attacking the independence of catalonia '' in his mind , even if you were born and raised here by ethnic catalans but do n't speak catalan at home or are against secessionism , you are n't catalan and should be expelled from the country, 
  my word is as good as yours . 
  i read that figure some time ago ( i believe in the economist , although unsure ) and you read your information some time ago someplace else . 
  having been to poland and knowing how much people earn over there i need to say if it is n't 20 % it 's close to that , granted everything they buy that requires polish labour will be 3 to 4 times cheaper but once you take their purchasing power and compare it to what they could buy in imports , i would say that the 20 % figure might be largely correct ( although it might be on the low side since it has been min 2 years since i read that ) edit : just found an article . 
  on minimum wage in britain poles earn 4x as much as in poland : http://immigrationmatters.co.uk/10816.html, 
  skilled too . 
  they are just willing to work for very cheap . 
  the average pole in poland earns 20 % of the average european while being more than 80 % as productive . 
  people opposed to independence , there was a vid about it . 
  on mobile now but will try to find it, 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/513d33/spain_to_request_return_of_aryan_visigoth/d79iu1d no se ' t pixen a sobre els espanyols , sino els indepes . 
  i do n't know that report , pass it over if you can . 
  sadly i 'm not confusing it though , the imf does have a report on corruption where we score remarcably badly, 
  i know , catalan media are really politicised and usually non secessionists stay hidden . 
  i get a lot of shit for being one but i do n't give a fuck , facts are facts and if we secede ( i refuse to call it independence ) we will be poorer , less free and less relevant in the global arena . 
  the trend is to remove borders and to work towards union and friendship with your neighbours , the trend definitely is not about bickering over something as irrelevant as what kind of dirty latin do each of us speak . 
  here 's some facts : - out of the 48 territories in catalonia only 1 pays more than it recieves from the state : barcelona . 
  barcelona is also the least secessionist territory and enterpreneurs in the city barcelona are also the least secessionists of the people in there . 
  - we are the most taxed region in spain but state taxes are the same for all regions of spain , our small government is what is putting the tax burden on us largely to fund their secessionist propaganda . 
  ( they have been caught using local tv to blame local tax hikes on the central government too ) - thanks to the secession movement international investment in catalonia has been decreasing heavily ( when compared to other parts of spain ) and moody 's has given us a worse credit score than nigeria ( we can borrow our own money without going through the central government ) - when we chant for secession , the words that follow are : `` i socialisme '' . 
  we have 20 % of the spanish gdp and have 15 % of the population , in a true socialist country we would have a deficit of 25 % of our state taxes ( we would pay 20 % total and recieve 15 % ) . 
  currently our deficit ranges between 4 and 10 % depending on who and how it is calculated with the true figure being around 7 % . 
  separatists are only socialist when they percieve money will be flowing into their pockets not the other way around , this is why separatists do n't even want to hear about barcelona seceding from catalonia . 
  it is also worth noting that it is not like we get nothing from having that deficit , the spanish government has bailed us out a couple times and most corruption cases are caught by the central authorities ( which is precisely why politicians want to secede ) , we get access to much more efficient institutions ran at a state level and generally are in a great democratic country ( the spanish passport being one of the best in the world for example ) . 
  oh and by the way , the region of madrid 's deficit is 250 % the size of catalonias ( in nominal numbers , percentage wise it is probably bigger than just 2.5 x our one ) . 
  - if we secede we would lose access to state-wide government institutions that would cost us a lot more than that 7 % of state taxes to build and maintain since they are just a lot more efficient when operating at scale . 
  - if we secede we will be auto-kicked out of eu ( to give you an idea of what this means the day after the brexit vote uk lost 15 % of it 's pound value and therefore total purchasing power of foreign goods . 
  7 % of state taxes is minuscule compared to 15 % of the whole economies purchasing power , and that happened to england after what was basically a non-legally binding opinion poll ) . 
  there is also a great possibility we will be blocked from entering back again into it , so we will have no say while still being in the eu zone which means adhering to all regulations . 
  - our biggest trading partner is spain , by far . 
  we export more to the small county of aragon ( 1.3 m people ) to our west than to the whole of france . 
  - every relevant country that has ever spoken about catalan secessionism has spoken against it . 
  - secessionism is not driven by a true need of greater freedom ( hence why i do n't call it independence , fuck that marketting buzzword ) . 
  we as catalans have government powers in all matters of state . 
  healthcare , education , police you fucking name it , we self govern . 
  we have more autonomy in some matters than us states for god 's sake , and we are talking about a territory which has a smaller population than new york city and yet is opening embassies and consulates abroad ( which do not work and only cost us tax money ) . 
  there is no area in life where a catalan can not self govern and there are no areas where we are restricted by an evil central government . 
  we can go where we please , love who we please , believe what we please , work in what we please , speak and say what we please . 
  hell we are even allowed to discriminate against ethnic spaniards by not providing their children with a public education system in spanish !, 
  we are the only region in the world that does n't provide an education system in one of their official majority languages !, 
  ( spanish native speakers are more numerous than catalan ones and the studies are clear , not having access to education in their language means they will do worse in life than normal , just as anyone would if they were forced to study in a foreign , minority language ) . 
  to be perfectly clear that last part is both despicable and unconstitunional . 
  it causes us to have one of the worst education systems in the country but you will never see a secessionist condemn it . 
  - our region is one of the most corrupt in spain and is one of the most corrupt in europe according to a report by the imf . 
  politicians want to escape spanish regulatory bodies by going through with their `` independence '' , our most prominent leaders of secession have been corrupt . 
  - our media is heavily politicised and will demonize groups that spring up against secession , if it even covers them . 
  ask any secessionist what they think about `` ciutadans '' or `` upyd '' , they will say `` nazis '' without pointing at any of their policies . 
  `` convivencia civica catalana '' a european prize-winning society of catalans against secession published a report which showed government demonizing them in their own public media and funding writers that wrote they were linked to isis . 
  this happens to all anti-secessionist movements . 
  since the spaniards are enemies in the eyes of secessionists the person that does not want secession is a `` fatxa '' ( fascist ) , our own president referred to me as a `` collaborator '' and to my parents as `` collonists '' , most importantly , if you want to be a good catalan , you need to hate the spanish . 
  makes my blood fucking boil, 
  we do . 
  i like to think this relaxed culture in which family and friends matter and the attitude spaniards have towards others is result of the people having seen many empires come and go and focusing on the important bits in life . 
  ( we are one of the most inclusive countries in the world . 
  even when compared to the rest of eu we are one of the least racist , homophobic , discriminating cultures . 
  we donate the most blood and organs in the world , we are incredibly trusting and you can befriend us easily ) . 
  honestly if we would just stop bickering amongst ourselves ( shoutout to the idiotic movement of catalan secessionism ) and fix our goddam economy this country has the potential to be paradise on earth, 
  spain has been invaded by roughly 79 different cultures and muslims controlled nearly all of it for a long time ( we spent 700 years kicking them out starting from the north though ) . 
  the `` reconquista '' starting from the north might have left us whiter than any country for our latitude ( if getting skin cancer was an olympic sport we would score silver , just second after australia ) but to say germany and spain share the same aryan origins seems kind of ... misguided . 
  sure some germanic tribes invaded after the whole roman empire vs iberians vs carthage thing was over but they were only one culture of many . 
  if it was n't compulsory we are looking at correlation not causation . 
  most probably those registered were those most adamant about voting and therefore the ones most likely to vote , therefore i will stick with the old 36 % figure, 
  i 'd go with the intenal billing processess to be fair . 
  it might be harder to accomplish but it is what should be done imo . 
  tax profits in a given country always at their tax and give other territories the autonomy of setting their own tax rates, 
  still quite a gap there , and the study quotes those registered beforehand had a turnout rate higher than previously thought , was registration compulsory ? 
  here when we had our own secession referendum registration was n't compulsory, 
  referendum was non legally binding ( all parties having agreed beforehand that it should be like that ) so officially it is basically an opinion poll ( although not marketted like that at all ), 
  always been more than half , the people that were most against brexit were also the least likely to vote ( 30 % turnout inbetween young voters ), 
  oh lol the sheer confusion, 
  the same way you ban beating people up the burka should be banned . 
  it is a choice that no free woman free of the influences of peer pressure would make , it is not a free choice but the absence of one , it hurts women not empowers them and hurting people is rightfully banned . 
  better make germany more like turkey then and protest in favour of erdogan, 
  ah the problem is their parents do n't earn as much there nor recieve the social benefits they do in germany, 
  well , eu institutions are supposed to solve problems , same as the institutions of any country the difference being that they still lack popular legitimacy . 
  i , for one am for a kind of united states of europe and gradual smudging of old rivalries and frontiers between our countries , this however means we will have to give up freedoms to a central and more removed authority and i can see how others would be against it . 
  are you saying that studying in a foreign language is n't harder or that catalan is n't a separate language from spanish when you say it does n't put students at a disadvantage ? 
  and no , a huge percentage of traditions are n't less than 100 years old language gives 0 status as nation read their report on the quality of politics in catalonia , on mobile right now but i will link you , it did happen and the proof is there, 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4ia6c2/majority_of_germans_have_limited_contact_with/d2wq7bl?context=3 i went through my saved comments and linked you to a post about the same issue , below you can find links to sources . 
  also , i challenge you to prove my facts untrue, 
  you want me to write a fucking essay ? 
  i tried to be brief . 
  give me counterpoints or get the fuck out, 
  it does n't really matter what you think about catalonia discriminating spaniards . 
  the studies are clear , children that do not have access to education in their native language score worse . 
  spanish is a majority language and also an official one , catalonia is required not only morally but by law to provide native spanish parents an option to educate their children in spanish , not doing so is discrimination , end . 
  have you seriously not found anyone that speaks incredibly bad spanish ? 
  i have found many , generally in small towns . 
  a couple years back there was an event for catalan writers and the ones that wrote in spanish ( but were catalan ) got barred out 4 . 
  i do n't understand your point with businessess and language . 
  if you only use spanish you get a tax slapped onto you , if you only use catalan you do n't or even get subsidies to do so .
