  do we want to be socialists only when we are the ones receiving the cash ? 
  if we become independent our trade would diminish , we would be kicked out of the eu , politicians would be more corrupt ( even though we are kicking ass being one of the most corrupt regions in western europe according to the imf ) , we would lose access to the spanish government institutions , we would be more poor , less relevant in the global arena and most importantly , we would be less free . 
  -------------------------------------------- there is a reason why every relevant country that has spoken about independence says it is a bad idea . 
  the drivers and consequences of independence are selfish , intolerant , hypocritical , illogical and masochistic yet to a foreigner it will seem like everyone here is for . 
  why ? 
  our media are heavily politicized with a lot of ex-politicians sitting on their board of directors so they transmit whatever is convenient for their small subset of people , in our case the catalan independence is being promoted . 
  politicians are heavily pro independence because they use the anti-spanish sentiment as leverage when negotiating with the central government , independence would also allow them to free themselves from spanish regulatory bodies ( read : be more corrupt ) and to have more power over the catalan people . 
  once you look at how they spend their money it becomes very clear that media subsidies are a big priority ( they were the only expense to go up during the financial crisis , for example ) the layman people are not well informed because they can not be . 
  free media is one of the pillars of democracy for a very good reason . 
  people do n't know the numbers , have been sold that independence is their right and with it all problems will go away . 
  spain is also demonized with tax-hikes being painted as fault of the central spanish government ( we are the most taxed region in spain , but all of those extra taxes are there because of our local government ) . 
  media also ridicules anyone that will speak against independence , if it even covers whoever is speaking . 
  it is also worth saying that all movements that start and are against independence get immediately labelled as far right neo-nazi movements and even get linked to isis by official government media ( * `` societat civil catalana '' * which suffered this , a european prize-winning society against independence , has a great report on that subject inbetween others ) . 
  even though the numbers are clearly against the argument of independence and most catalans speak spanish at home ( or both spanish and catalan ) the average citizen never sees the other side of the argument . 
  the result is that if you advocate for friendship with our spanish neighbours you get called a far-right fascist , absolutely incredible . 
  there is a saying in catalan that goes '' * se ` ns pixen a sobre i diuen que plou * '' which would translate as `` they piss on us and say it 's raining '' , which is exactly what has been happening . 
  right now it feels as if the bad guys are winning . 
  markets are losing confidence in us and international investment is decreasing heavily . 
  it is absolutely discouraging to see but in any case , i do think this will be a case study soon about the power of the mass media and how thanks to them a small group can use people as a battering ram to bring down the very foundations of democracy . 
  * edit : i spent way too long writing this , i could source all my claims but i do n't want to spend the whole night trying to find my old sources *, 
  admittedly i have n't but i know a logical fallacy when i see one, 
  well in terms of logical fallacies it does n't really matter who makes a point but whether or not their claim is well supported by evidence . 
  if hitler said 2 +2 = 4 it would n't suddenly become false, 
  if you have less than 10 friends and family no, 
  i wonder what the correlation is between muslims in a city/town and the immigration stance of the native german population, 
  representative democracy is however it is not at all like what you describe, 
  do n't forget people saying `` the worst thing about this attack is that islamophobes said it would happen '' and `` if we do anything we will just cause more terrorist attacks '', 
  actually jokes about that , in many cases , are , whether people that want to police other 's humour get offended by it or not . 
  uninformed or misinformed , all of them, 
  * greece screams something about debt from under a pile of refugees *, 
  you can infer an answer though people that do not think you have to be christian to be a real american will always vote to have separation between church/state and at least part of the christians will . 
  meaning the votes of no + n/a will make at most 32 % ( example above is 29.4 % ) - which probably means the average us citizen is more secular than the average turkish citizen, 
  oh not only for the spanish gov, 
  honestly i had doubts myself , we have secessionist movements within the country as well and most probs spain will not be happy to signal them that its regions can easily join eu if they secede . 
  of course the scotland deal is different from our situation however you can not ignore that angle . 
  by the way i think our secessionists ( at least the catalan ones ) are idiots, 
  i know pressure to close it is quite high gibraltar has 2 times as many companies as citizens . 
  mostly spanish companies abusing their lax border laws with spain and their tax haven status, 
  lol flag, 
  there are two , over in the blue corner ( next to the rocket league logo ) and one in a small heart, 
  this is what i mean , secessionists most usually have not looked at any kind of numbers or data and only want secession either because of feelings or peer pressure . 
  do me a favor and find out : a : what are the `` balanzas fiscales '' and what do they mean b : how much wealthier we are in catalonia than the average spaniard and compare it to a , are we paying above , or below ? 
  c : what are the numbers for the individual counties of catalonia ? 
  which counties are paying more than they are recieving ? 
  how are people in those counties voting ? 
  how does catalonia as a whole compare to , say madrid ? 
  d : what have other countries said about secession ? 
  what are markets saying about the movement ? 
  e : will we still be in the eu after we secede ? 
  f : what liberties will we gain ? 
  what liberties will we lose if we have to choose between a catalan and a spanish nationality ? 
  g : will our economic structure change if we secede ? 
  is trade between nations significantly lesser than inbetween regions of a nation ? 
  h : how does the amount of money we will save by year compare to the amount of money needed to create a new country ? 
  even if we just compare the amount of purchasing power lost , compare the loss by the fall of the pound after the brexit vote to what you allege we would save . 
  listen i looked up answers to all those questions myself , from multiple sources because i want the best for the catalan people and i want to support the side that gives us a better deal . 
  if you are open to changing your mind i would suggest looking the answers to those questions up, 
   why is it always that independence is irrational well i ca n't speak for you but i studied economics , finance and took a look at the numbers before i decided whether i was for or against secession , did you ? 
  would you point me out to where i implied the city council is pro independence ? 
  listen i reiterated there are only 2 sources of information and the ones that i estimated . 
  my estimate admittedly has a big margin of error but from what i have seen from , you know , being there , is that 6500 is too little . 
  just look at the photo and look at the concentration of people from where it was taken , at the front it is higher and there is still a good chunk of people at the back ( where the demonstration ends in the photo is the turn to pla\u00e7a st jaume and there were people up to urquinaona , you can also tell because at the back of demonstrations concentration of people is always lower ) - does that seem like 5k to you ? 
  of course you will believe whatever information you want , but the wise thing to do before slinging accusations would be to wait for more information to be available, 
  it 's as if they are missing the point of the whole demostration . 
  the slogan was `` para el golpe de estado separatista '' - `` stop the secessionist coup '' these separatists will always attack something else that is n't the argument - they will attack people that attended it , they will say numbers of people are wrong , they will accuse people that attended of not being `` true catalans '' . 
  just a further example of how their ideology is feelings - and not facts driven, 
  the links you showed me only have the two sources of 6.5 k and 15k from the town hall and the organizers respectivelly . 
  i told you from my calculations it seemed around 10-15 ( from what i could estimate on the ground ) i do n't think any of what you posted changes what was already said above, 
  he probably was quite bummed we were chanting `` visca catalunya '' then lol, 
   state funded tv 3 \u2105 by my calculations i calculated from 10 to 15 , assuming a length of 500m of demonstration and an average of 2 people per sq m , only thing i did n't know it 's average width of the laietana ( 10k would be for 10 m usable width ), 
  i saw one ( and only one inbetween hundreds ) flag with something about an association of legionnaires . 
  quite honestly we ca n't prevent people from attending and any public demonstration will attract political fringes . 
  putting a label on a whole movement because of those fringe movements is simply wrong and akin to mccarthyism, 
  i saw only 1 republican one as an unusual flag, 
  source ? 
  have n't seen any articles yet . 
  i know i was relatively at the front and before taking a corner to st jaume there were people still leaving from urquinaona, 
  the photo is not mine but i was over there , on the way back now . 
  the photo link was given to me by people there and my guess is that you will have to wait a while before articles come out, 
  nevertheless that is the actual quote of the politician, 
  yes , they need to tread carefully with this idiotic secessionist movement we have here to clarify , the official said that if scotland wanted to join eu after independence it would have to go through the official channels and wait in line , just that it could n't fast track into it, 
  headline 2 days ago of an official confirming it would block a `` fast entry '', 
  marketing for it was quite widespread at least , do n't blame people that were n't there for thinking it was a big issue , after all it we the issue with most visibility online, 
  did n't scotland vote to remain within the uk because they wanted to stay within the eu ? 
  from what i remember , it was the biggest reason for them to stay in, 
  working well for us ? 
  really ? 
  every catalan against independence feels forgotten by the central government and discriminated against by society, 
  it 's what i heard , but take it with a grain of salt ofc, 
  it 's due to the pound falling like a stone while at the same time you guys are still in eu . 
  when the pound fell your price of imports went up by around 15 % but your exports got 15 % cheaper , that makes for a more competitive economy ( english people became 15 % poorer when buying imports but at the same time the goods they produced became 15 % cheaper to buy abroad ) . 
  you can not compare the cultural significance of the bible against the cultural significance of the q'uran and hadith lol . 
  most christians believe that the bible contains the word of god however they also understand it was written by man , for another people and another time . 
  this is why tenets such as `` do not eat lobster '' , `` do not trim your beard '' and `` do not wear clothes made of 2 different materials '' - are not taken seriously . 
  christianity was reformed , perhaps it is time for a reform of islam . 
  you can also disguise your bribes as payment for short speeches !, 
  `` i 'd rather breathe in toxic waste than have it safely stored underground ! '', 
  `` let 's shut down nuclear and build coal plants instead to be environmentally friendly ! '', 
  cheap labour ( cause communism ) coupled with hardworking people and a good education system = yuge growth, 
  minimum wages in spain are far lower than what the law requires .
