  my text is correct . 
  independence is not to make people be able to speak whatever they want to , it is not to give us back our freedom of movement , association or belief . 
  if anything , we would be less free in those regards . 
  it is also an extremely bad idea economically . 
  really not the same thing . 
  none of the arguments for secession hold any water and we would end up being poorer , less free and less relevant in the global arena . 
  there are 3 arguments for secession right now : 1 . 
  the spanish oppress us . 
  ( the truth is catalans discriminate against native spaniards , they are denied access to education in their language and that makes it so kids that grow up speaking spanish have lower grades and higher rates of failure , we are the only region in the world that does not provide education in one of the official languages . 
  other examples are : books in catalan get subsidized , catalan writers that write in spanish are not considered catalan therefore not invited to events , if you advertise your business in spanish you are taxed whereas catalan subsidized etc. ), 
  they rob us . 
  ( the only region that pays more to the central state than it recieves is barcelona , the least independent region in cat . 
  the people that create that money , the enterpreneurs , are a lot less secessionist than even the average barcelona citizen ) . 
  overall we pay 7 % more state taxes than we recieve ( cause barcelona ) , which is not unfair by any stretch of the word ( the region of madrid has a much bigger deficit running at around 250 % our size ) and is much less than what we would lose in trade ( we trade more with arag\u00f3n , our small neighboring region , than with france , for example . 
  there is also no question we would be kicked out of eu ) and 7 % of state taxes is also much less than what it would cost to run a country ( set up and maintain institutions which right now are country size ) . 
  then there 's also the issue of hypocrisy , here when catalans chant `` independencia '' it follows with `` i socialisme ! '', 
  we are 15 % of the population of spain and have 20 % of gdp , it seems like the secessionists only want to be socialist when they recieve , and not give money . 
  we should secede because we are different . 
  most catalan traditions ( ti\u00f3 , sardana , castells ) are less than 100 years old , historically we have no claim and the only real difference between catalans and spaniards is that here some people speak a different language ( most catalans speak either spanish or both catalan and spanish at home ) , a language that mind you is not hard for a spaniard to understand , it is not far from speaking with a very heavy accent . 
  there is no reason why we should n't work together being different , in fact , the only country in eu which has only 1 language is iceland ( pretty sure ) . 
  as i see it the only ones that gain if catalonia secedes are politicians which are trying to free themselves from spanish regulatory bodies ( read : be more corrupt when they are already one of the most corrupt in spain ) and that are trying with all they have got to get more power over the catalan people . 
  the people buy into this because media here are extremely heavily politicised , there is no such thing as free media and in fact the government regularly smears anybody that will speak against secession ( for example societat civil catalana , a european prize-winning group of catalan citizens against secession got linked to al-qaeda and isis on official media , and writers that wrote to smear them got subsidized by our local goverment too ) . 
  pls no, 
  more so in catalonia , our media are very heavily politicised , as such free media basically do not exist , democracy relies on well informed citizens or it leads nations to disaster . 
  we just spent 18 mill of taxpayer money promoting the secessionist movement abroad . 
  central government does n't do shit , if you want to bring them to court you need to do it as a catalan citizen ( and therefore paying time and cost out of your pocket ), 
  as they should, 
  oh forgive my bad translation , i was translating from the spanish version and most probably should have put `` the use of force '' although in the spanish article they refer to it as `` violence '' , it has a slightly different connotation and i did n't catch up on it . 
  i have searched as well , even using some of the text in the image in order to search but have found no article , perhaps it takes a while to upload it to the net ? 
  `` der spiegel justifies using state force to stop the `` illegal '' referendum that separatist sectors are promoting since there would n't be any other option '' `` the separatist parties , thanks to their majority in parlament are taking advantage of the political situation in spain and are approving laws to push for disconnection while ignoring sentences of the constitunional court . 
  according to der spiegel , the current political emptiness of spain is a great advantage for secessionist groups since they do n't have a firm negotiator on the other side . '', 
  `` der spiegel considers the laws approved in the catalan parlament last week give more than enough reason to create a government that would respect spain 's unity . 
  since the so-called constitutional all agree on the matter parties der spiegel urges spain to form government the sooner the better '', 
  cheddar , cheddar and cheddar ? 
  stay strong and keep fighting the good fight, 
  so not immigration policy , those are 2 different subjects . 
  immigration might affect population age but it is naive to suggest that the stagnation was caused because of japan 's immigration policy , it was caused by it 's low birthrate . 
  aging of population maybe , however there are plenty first world countries with birthrates higher than japan, 
  source on immigration policy being the reason of japans stagnation ? 
  especially fucked since our labour laws basically make it very hard for people to be hired on better terms, 
  it was clear from the start of the referendum that it was non legally binding right ? 
  it 's not just nurses . 
  engineers regularly leave for germany , architects go to dubai , accountants to the uk . 
  we have incredibly stupid labor laws and the best and brightest ( the ones that can leave ) fly away and do n't look back . 
  the amount of educated spaniards that flee the country is sad, 
  is n't the fact that only 4 % of uk 's businessess trade with eu but 100 % need to follow regulations a big argument for brexit and not against ? 
  i 'm all for unity and a federal united states of europe kinda deal but it is true that we have been failing quite hard ever since 2008, 
  because red tape , government regulation , taxes , clientelism . 
  it 's not easy to get a business started and going ( something like 25 % of our gdp is in the black market because of this ), 
  eh , i dont know about that . 
  ever since i can remember there has been a popular agreement that `` guiris '' are usually loud , cause troubles and do damage the local ecosystem . 
  they do bring money though and quite honestly we need some more of that right now ( 50 % youth unemployment pls ), 
  how much is this problem spoken about in sweden ? 
  did you notice it popping up in mass media regularly ? 
  oh lol , its good but i did n't know it i was referencing the catalan saying of `` joans joseps i ases hi ha a totes les cases '' which would translate to `` there is a joan , a josep and a donkey in every house '', 
  username checks out the flag banned was the separatist 's flag . 
  and quite honestly i agree a match in madrid should not be made into a political event and even less so when the 2 sides hate eachother . 
  albo kartofle, 
  gibraltar is spanish though, 
  [ hah ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7c4doazv2oi ), 
  imf http://ec.europa.eu/regional_policy/sources/docgener/work/2012_02_governance.pdf scc https://societatcivilcatalana.cat/assets/documents/20150910informecalidad00.pdf bonus : http://www.economist.com/news/europe/21698819-secessionist-catalonia-cracking-down-businesses-communicate-only-spanish?spc=scode&amp;spv=xm&amp;ah=9d7f7ab945510a56fa6d37c30b6f1709, 
  oh i didnt see the map you linked cause i was on mobile and i kind of misunderstood your points, 
  i still do n't understand the joke but since you played the whole `` catalonia is a colony '' card i will point you to a recent post i made about it : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4ia6c2/majority_of_germans_have_limited_contact_with/d2wq7bl?context=3, 
  aragon and catalonia are better off than the rest of spain ? 
  to spainify : start fighting with all your neighbours and claiming you personally are the best although you and everyone else are pretty much the same . 
  '' ` i am firmly convinced that spain is the strongest country of the world . 
  century after century trying to destroy herself and still no success '' - otto von bismark we are the country with the most civil wars on the planet ( spaniards and other spaniards are natural enemies . 
  damn spaniards , they ruined spain ! ), 
  probably just banning discrimination because of sexual orientation, 
  viva !, 
  the colors are all fucky . 
  why are portugal , spain the same shade of green next to red france when france has 3x the gdp/capita ? 
  why is n't this inflation/ppp adjusted ? 
  this is gore to my economist eyes, 
  about the second point : the penalties can be prison or death for just speaking about your beliefs openly to a muslim . 
  my dad was a photographer and travelled through muslim countries . 
  in one of them ( egypt i believe ) he found a muslim professor of maths , he spoke french with my dad and they played chess and conversed together . 
  the second my dad mentioned he is an atheist and thinks god is just a fairy tale the professor went silent and told him never to say anything like that to him or any other muslim again because he might end up in prison or worse as it might be interpreted as trying to drive muslims away from their faith . 
  talking about ideas is not racism and religion is an idea , there is nothing racist in saying that people with ideas more similar to ours would have an easier time integrating . 
  it seems culture now equates the words bigot and racist and this needs to stop, 
  greece does not have access to the printers of euros ( and thank fucking god almighty ) whereas the uk can just print sterling pounds . 
  if the uk chooses to print its currency it faces increased inflation ( which is basically a hidden tax on savings ) and a whole lot other economic consequences so printing money is n't exactly cost-free either . 
  average instead of median does not take into account wealth distribution, 
  his arguments are that ethnic diversity only contributes until a certain threshold in which immigrants start creating their own communities separate from society ( strength comes from unity , not diversity , separate communities harm social cohesion aka unity ) . 
  he also says that the current decisions that drive our immigration policies are based on emotionalism and not realism , and to that point he cites a lot of studies . 
  later on he puts a tinfoil hat on and explains how one party in the us wants to import voters that will be dependant on their handouts and the other wants cheap labour . 
  the first part of the video is fine however we would need to read the studies themselves and see if he has cherrypicked one side of the argument , in any case , seems actually solid . 
  as long as he has n't falsified his alleged results in order to push his agenda his opinions are completely valid, 
  power of media is quite amazing honestly , once something is taboo to speak about ( in sweden 's case , immigration ) the media will keep it that way . 
  catalonia is a case study on this and if by chance you want to read on it from my point of view , by all means , read on : once you look at the arguments for catalan independence and the numbers , you will realize it does n't make sense . 
  the arguments are 1 : we are oppressed 2 : we are different 3 : we pay more than we receive from our central government 1 : is plain not true , in fact the natives that have spanish as a first language are discriminated against by not having access to a public education system in spanish ( we are the only region in the world that does not provide public education in one of the official languages and the studies are clear , this means some children have the dice stacked against them ) . 
  2 : is stupid . 
  most catalan traditions such as castells , sardana and the ti\u00f3 are less than 100 years old and it is just plain not an argument . 
  the only country in the eu with 1 language is iceland , there is no reason we ca n't cooperate while we speak a different yet similar language on our streets . 
  3 : while it is true that we pay more than we receive this is only true in one region ( out of 42 ) , barcelona , the one that votes least for independence . 
  once you look within barcelona , the ones that provide the most wealth ( enterpreneurs ) are the least independent of the strata . 
  to give you some hard numbers we have 15 % of the spanish population and 20 % of the gdp so if the country redistributed taxes equally we would have approximately a deficit of 25 % of tax revenue . 
  our deficit currently ranges from 5 to 10 % depending on who and how it is calculated with the true figure being accepted at around 7 ( more than fair ) . 
  this does n't take into account that the spanish government has bailed us out a couple times . 
  when crowds chant for '' * independencia * '' it usually follows with '' * i socialisme * '' ( and socialism ) .
