  and why are you grouping us together with turkey and hungary ? 
  what do we have in common with them ? 
  estonia is a fine reminder why our western heritage is worth of defending . 
  just ask them . 
   all suffer from this idea that `` west '' is good well people tend to move from east to west . 
   work to become one with the `` west '' finland was founded as a republic so we have been a western country all this time . 
  and why would n't anyone want to become one with the west ? 
  the western countries are generally the wealthiest and have other perks like very low corruption rate and rule of law . 
  why do you think that for example entrepreneurs tend to move to western countries ? 
  journalists are n't endangered species in western countries either . 
   evil incarnate with whom we share no similarities whatsoever . 
  oh i 'm sure we have something in common with them , of course it depends on the person , but that does n't mean we do n't have a western heritage . 
  i actually hope so . 
  i have absolutely nothing against sweden as such and my nieces are growing up in a mixed family and i wish they can grow up without old prejudices . 
   our history is very concerned with sweden i do n't know what the swedes think , but as far as i know [ chydenius ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anders_chydenius ) for example is respected on both sides of the gulf and has played important role in both of our countries history . 
  finland has a lot of history with sweden and whatever people care or want to admit it is irrelevant . 
   whereas if we 're quite honest they are indistinguishable from one another . . 
  even on a political level most times . 
  are you arguing that finland does n't have a western heritage ( you know things like freedom of speech , democracy and free markets ) and that we are indistinguishable from russia ? 
  i ca n't agree with that at all . 
  just for example compare the corruption levels between our countries . 
   iceland , norway or denmark ? 
  nope . 
  my personal conjecture is that if it had n't been for the ww2 and the cold war we would n't care that much about being a nordic country . 
  during the cold war the nordic countries ( mainly sweden though ) basically were our `` breathing hole '' . 
   having a completely different ancestry and national history there are people here with at least some swedish ancestry and historically we are deeply intertwined with sweden . 
  also if it had n't been for the fennomania movement people here would be speaking swedish . 
  i 'm not arguing that we are nordic since i 'm personally apathetic about it . 
  * thirsk * ... oh oulu never change !, 
  note : i actually love oulu . 
  i have never heard of anyone saying anything bad about sweden . 
  my friend , who has a degree in physics , told me how badly he was treated in sweden . 
  he now lives in usa and is much happier there . 
  sorry but i trust him more and after what he told me i do n't really have any interest towards sweden . 
  the cultural region of central ostrobothnia is larger than the official central ostrobothnia and includes part of northern ostrobothnia and ostrobothnia . 
  also the northern ostrobothnia is not always considered to be a real ostrobothnia and is not grouped together with the three ostrobothnias , for example the northern ostrobothnia has never been invited to the ostrobothnian meeting as far as i know . 
   yeah , and the swedes are considered to be gay . 
  the last time i heard that joke was back in grade school , the [ swedes apparently are serious ] ( https://www.kauppalehti.fi/uutiset/suomen-maine-ruotsissa-on-surkea/nvkt5fsu ) . 
  then again i have never been there so i 'm not entirely sure , but that 's what i keep hearing . 
   were we really ? 
  [ yep . 
  ] ( http://yle.fi/aihe/artikkeli/2011/02/17/rotuoppia-ruotsalaisittain )  finns are n't looked down upon at all to my knowledge . 
  afaik we are considered to be bunch of knife-wielding alcoholics . 
  really ? 
  i do n't think i know anyone who does . 
  but i do n't have any statistics to back up my claims with . 
  jokes are like wine , the older they get the better they become . 
   swedish fancy pants started learning finnish and changing their names around that time though . 
  they also made my swedish seal hunting ancestors to speak finnish and read kalevala . 
  but i do n't really mind since the svecomania movement was much , ** much ** , worse imo . 
  just imagine all the pork barrel spending . 
  moss ? 
  scandinavians triggered . 
  no eu , no euro , no mandatory swedish ... 
  i 'm sure a lot of people here would love that !, 
   swedish is taught in some schools in all schools actually . 
   in my mind finland is a part of scandinavia well they do n't seem to agree with you , and i do n't think most finns would either . 
  better in what way ? 
  why do you estonians even care ? 
   the finns are closer to the sami in terms of dna we are ? 
  western finns for example are closer to swedes than eastern finns . 
  take it . 
  [ finland is experiencing a strong urbanization trend ] ( http://i.imgur.com/761szib.jpg ) and accordingly to several economists we are n't building nearly enough housing in the growth cities . 
  also the reason why the agrarian party gets that many votes is that in the certain areas of country people will always vote for them no matter what . 
  think it as our jesusland . 
  there is no economic reason for it , it is purely ideological . 
  pretty much all finnish economists that i know of think urbanization is necessary . 
  tl ; dr : our government 's idea of how to fix our economy is to cut funding from `` useless '' things like education and r&d in order to balance our budget . 
  of of course our government has zero interest in addressing our real problems such as admitting that urbanization is not something we can reverse and that we should adopt better urban development policies . 
  east sweden ? 
  but i thought we were related to hungarians or something . 
   but brain drain to the rest of europe is probably inevitable i do n't necessarily agree with this , if we only addressed our issues and tried to advance as a country . 
  but seeing that our government is led by an agrarian party i think our progress is going to be painfully slow . 
  why are we part of this again ? 
  thank our government . 
  that thing sticking out of germany . 
  what about denmark ? 
   piss off i like your attitude !, 
  what 's the deal with phones ? 
   many of the researchers are lost to the us , uk , many of my acquaintances have moved to those countries . 
  not sure if they 'll ever come back . 
  oh well who needs brains when you have `` bioeconomy '' ? 
  cup coffee and [ rye bread ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rye_bread ) with cheese . 
  thinking about eating out today . 
  weirder sweden ? 
  can finland to baltic plz ? 
  that 's ok . 
  i 'm not from there and i do n't really like that place anyway . 
  if only estonia and latvia could switch places . 
  edit : why is lithuania so optimistic anyway ? 
   karelians people in my home region , both swedes and finns , saw karelians as their enemies . 
  but we are ok right ? 
  and balts ? 
  like swedish to me . 
  what is that green region in northern russia ? 
   insert huge amount of municipalities the names of which i can barely pronounce not a finnish person are you ? 
   the capital region putting everyone else on its back economically there are other productive regions in finland . 
  vaasa especially is quite impressive since it has a very high gdp/per capita figure ( +42 k ) while being quite far away from the capital region . 
  i wonder if the southwest finland would be a darker shade of green if it was n't grouped together with southeast finland . 
  just please do n't blow up the whole solar system .
