you 're starting to sound like the brits that invoked the british empire as a way to explain why uk should leave eu . 
  expecting the heyday to come back will be the same of me to expect for the entire world to be split again in half between spain and portugal . 
  times have changed . 
  yet , for every change we can not predict how long it will last as much as we can not predict how much of it will in fact change . 
  i believe that as far as language is concerned , english may have reached the point of never stopping being relevant . 
  the world is more connected now more than ever . 
  and making everyone go back will be practically impossible . 
  it would have to be a political decision , albeit a shortsighted one . 
  we are going towards a unified world . 
  in a millennia there may not be countries anymore , who knows . 
  but the reality is that unless a world war happens again , all countries will be cooperating more and more . 
  19th century was all about europe . 
  the rest of the world was mainly speaking any of the european languages . 
  now we live in a directly connected world , increasingly so . 
  if any language will replace english as the most popular one , i am willing to bet that it will never be any of the old european languages . 
  never has history seen a superpower comeback twice to the point that its language will also be adopted by everyone , again . 
  if english ever loses popularity it will be for a language on the rise not one on the way down . 
  most likely chinese . 
  the fact every movie is translated ( spain does the same thing ) and that local music is still more popular it 's relevant . 
  the rest of europe does not do that , and therefore they will vote for the easiest options . 
  i do n't live in portugal , i suspect that if you go on the internet in portugal and do a search in portuguese almost all the results will be in this language . 
  that makes sense . 
  so you could never see an english page . 
  however , once you start interacting with other countries and start stepping out of only localized searches you will automatically adopt like , we are both doing now , the middle/common language . 
  currently , and i do n't expect that to change in the next few generations , that common language is english . 
  also , i have my doubts that uk will ever leave eu fully if at all . 
  i will take your point about taking 7 years to change . 
  and respectfully disagree on everything else . 
  portugal also has a similar system where we all learn 2 languages . 
  i speak english better than french ( my apologies ) . 
  however , unless europe closes itself like north korea , we will always be hear english . 
  it 's in the music , the cinema and also all over internet . 
  you and i are typing in english . 
  it 's easier . 
  i do n't think europe will ever adopt only one language . 
  it will ever be a common language and the local language . 
  i am saying it makes sense that english be the common language adopted . 
  as for not wanting a common language to us , not only that is very short sighted but perhaps we should not consider spanish since more than half speaks spanish and with exception of brasil , that speaks portuguese , so does almost all of south america . 
  following the same theory we may as well forget french since it 's also a canadian official language . 
  again , i appoint english because it would be easier for the majority to adopt it without enforcing and get into political debate which language should be used more than others . 
  i am aware that french as a language had its heyday , so did greek and latin and all have ripples to this day . 
  as for portuguese not being spoken by nobody . 
  if you exclude asian languages then portuguese is only the third most spoken language . 
  but in the real world , where we are as a society , as much as you and i may dislike it english is prevalent in the sectors that matter . 
  language - approx . 
  number of speakers 1 . 
  chinese ( inc 13 macrolanguanges ) - 1,197,000,000 2 . 
  spanish - 414,000,000 3 . 
  english - 335,000,000 4 . 
  hindi - 260,000,000 5 . 
  arabic - ( inc 18 macrolanguanges ) - 237,000,000 6 . 
  portuguese - 203,000,000 7 . 
  bengali - 193,000,000 8 . 
  russian - 167,000,000 9 . 
  japanese - 122,000,000 10 . 
  if uk does leave eu , it wo n't change anything . 
  at all !!, 
  geographically , uk will be in the same place . 
  and being a neighbor country , eu would still be trading with them . 
  plus , like i said , uk is not the main reason eu speaks english anymore . 
  most companies are already communicating in english even between non-english speaking countries . 
  mainly because english is being taught in schools as first foreign language in so many countries . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't agree with you that it would be easy to move to german , spanish or french . 
  whichever language we were to chose if it was n't already being spoken broadly and therefore make sense from a practicality and business point of view to adopt then the questions will always be : why french , why german , why not italian or back to latin , or try esperanto again . 
  why not portuguese ? 
  why not dutch ? 
  i do n't understand your point . 
  uk is a group of countries and they all speak english . 
  should uk cease to exist the language would not necessarily die . 
  plus they are not the only country that does so . 
  ireland , us , canada , australia and more have english as their official language . 
  plus it 's the first foreign language thought at school for many countries across the world . 
  either you like it or not , as we move to a more interconnected world , greatly due first due to music and movies , and more recently due to technology ( internet being a prime example ) the need to speak the language of the companies that dominate will continue to exist . 
  right now , companies like google , apple , tesla are capturing the attention . 
  we have been saying chinese would be important one day . 
  but to be fair we have been saying this for the last 30 years . 
  and that may be true . 
  there has n't been a need since english is prevalent across the world . 
  i feel like as a world society , and even just in europe , english may have crossed the point that will never die . 
  it 's not like the latin disappeared as a mainstream language once the roman empire collapsed . 
  personally i would love to see portuguese do a come back , since that is my mother tongue , but it would make more sense to me to adopt english than spanish , french or german . 
  this also shows that if europe was to enforce every eu country to adopt one official language in addition to the local language it sounds like english is it . 
  unfortunately these people believe they have a voice now and that people secretly agree with them . 
  i was n't criticizing all the citizens of uk . 
  i am married to one . 
  i was seeing the country not as a group of people but as one person based on my feelings towards it as a result of that past events . 
  we all do this . 
  we generalise a lot about every country , religion and race in the world . 
  all i did was imagine uk as a person and it stroke me as a spoilt brat . 
  you may disagree and i would agree that many , if not the majority do n't have these characteristics . 
  but the country 's actions as a whole , based on referendum decision , based on a pm decision , drew a path that led me to personify it in this way . 
  i think that just proved my point mate . 
  uk , was not in with both feet . 
  not in the euro , not in the shenzen area , budget concessions ... and yet kept asking for more treaties and reforms . 
  when i was a kid i too kept wanting to do things my way . 
  one day my dad had enough of my brat behaviour and told me i was free to go , but that he would n't treat me different from my brother . 
  i left , i had to work 10x harder all my life to keep up . 
  perhaps ... but that is part of the fun . 
  plus it is a good way to process them . 
  i might change my mind later ... but at this time it was a valid personification of how i perceive it to be .
