   why people care so much about this i do n't know . 
  i suspect it 's mainly out of ignorance . 
  or general annoyance that in 2014 there are still people who subscribe to these archaic rituals . 
  i 'd like to believe these made sense 2000 years ago but can we move on please ? 
  if you 're in tallinn go to the medieval restaurant ( olde hanse ) . 
  best restaurant * ever * . 
  no cheesy dress up stuff , just an amazing location and incredible foodstuffs . 
  tor , freenet , i2p are all a lot smaller then the http www . 
  also the all run on the ip infrastructure provided by the main internet . 
  it is a handy excuse for shit you ca n't blame on terrorists or videogames . 
  sensationalist headline ( as per usual ) : actual new is about testing new treatments :  eu rules must be changed to allow more testing of potentially life-saving cancer drugs on children , say experts . 
  not quite as dramatic as ` eu baby murderers ! ', 
  the series is very good but what percentage of / r/europe visitors do you expect to be able to read this article ? 
  please put it in crates and send it overseas . 
  you like glass particles in your vla ? 
  it is pathetic . 
  yes and she can also kill you in many ways . 
  i have a rule not to trust people who want representative responsibility or administrative power and build a career on it . 
  \\ # 48 no fucks given \\ # 52 is very symbolic, 
  i assume the financial crisis is solved then ? 
  you mean [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s-moy8vuebk ) sketch ? 
  when we talk about europe i hear a lot of grumbling and sniggering about what they call `` olive oil and garlic countries '' ( eg : mediterranean ) and how they fail so much at management . 
  it is very sad when the jaded derisive slightly racist reply turns out to be applicable so many times . 
   the european court of human rights ruled in october that conditions in the cell broke european laws against inhuman or degrading punishment and awarded him 8,000 euros ( $ 11,000 ) in damages . 
  good luck claiming that . 
  do n't be na\u00efve . 
  being called a twat is different then receiving death-threats . 
  you can only spend money once and many voters would rather have it spend on health and education then weaponry . 
  but they all work together . 
  for example it is pretty useless to get a dutch email provider because our spy agencies are out of control and work as bitches for the us . 
  ( they stonewall oversight commissions and have interception equipment everywhere ), 
  not really important but we could use more top-ranking gay administrators to subtly troll the ` backward ' countries . 
  you mean like in the us and europe ? 
  it was very cheap so must be good !, 
   medieval-ish restaurant i 've been there , it was great !, 
  i ate boar , bear , and many old-skool things like backed grains and berries and drunk extremely peppery brews . 
  if you are in tallinn and this is open go there , one of the best dinner places ever . 
  but at least these feminists can be pleased with themselves and that is what is important . 
  some stern language will teach em !, 
  : facepalm :, 
   ` why do you have to have two santa clauses ' ? 
  what ? 
  who are these people ? 
  they know nothing . 
  except of course that the public transport is n't bad . 
  what keeps an evil agency from compromising the logging system and tapping straight into the database ? 
  our spies are just the local branch of the same bigger thing but with its own logo . 
  did n't catch that , but i 'm not sure i believe their explanation . 
  it smells of pr lies ( for security of course ) . 
  if they would scan all whatsapp messages , would they admit it ? 
  i think some journalists should get lawyered up and try some of this shit : get a few burner phones , start messaging and see who turns up . 
  our aivd here in the netherlands are totally in bed with the gchq and nsa . 
  they have hardware in every major telco organisation or network hub . 
  if you have data going through ams-ix they have their hands on it . 
  it has been said many times they pass much of it to the gchq and nsa ( and others ) in exchange for data from abroad . 
  worst is that the refuse to give full insight into their activities to the oversight committees , for ` security reasons ' . 
  ----- a semi-related new story from last week , as illustration about how bad the * internal * spying is even here : an average guy in a private whatsapp message chat to a friend or family member made a joke about a bomb in a stadium ( like ` lets hope no bomb explodes ' ) , because there was a threat about some other stadium few weeks earlier . 
  police cars turned up at his house and angry guys demanded explanations . 
  they scan everything . 
  nice . 
  we can go further and do the `` they came from the sea '' thing that states we were all slimy amphibians once . 
  id also be interested in one showing africans . 
  oh wait , we were all africans once . 
  it would 've been different if the nazis had n't bombed us into submission there of course . 
  makes me wonder why not the hague or amsterdam . 
  seems odd . 
  not many places to go for big ships ? 
  or does this map also cover mooring for barges and river craft ? 
  hah , dutch pride yo !, 
  if you have a afternoon to kill near rotterdam i advise you to take a boat tour of the harbours . 
  it is a massive operation , very impressive ( if you like that sort of thing ) . 
  some municipalities in france too . 
  why a port 100 's of km inland ? 
  doubt it : many of those in that cluster in the south of the netherlands are not that big either . 
  sure , rotterdam and antwerp are massive , but zeeland ( the water bit before those ) does n't have so many big ports ( mostly fishery and recreation , small because there are so many ) . 
  i a way this reminds me of the us with their fox channel lunacy ( how it is so partisan and ridiculous nonsense but still so many people suck it up because it ( now ) matches their world-view . 
   `` decent european . . berlusconi '' you make it very specific . 
  berlusconi is typical italian phenomenon and the ` decent ' requirement filters out the crazy . 
  but there is plenty if crazy for everyone if you look . 
  greece taken over by facists , belgium with their bilingual deadlock , spain and portugal with their self delusional ineffective governments , russia with their homophobes oligarchy , the balkans being balkans . 
  here in holland we have that wilders who is crazy and some odd political parties that makes you wonder what kind of idiot would vote for them ( party for animals , archaic religious sgp etc ) . 
  i think if you look you find a lot weird shit going on . 
  it is pretty crazy but lets not suggest ridiculous government people are exclusive to italy . 
  why not a condor ? 
  i believe there are still some in spain so it 'd be legit . 
  i wish it was as easy as filling in a survey like that , so easy to see what they want to hear . 
  unless you 're na\u00efve enough to answer honestly , but then you are not qualified for office life anyway . 
  sadly that is a good way to not get hired . 
  managers are looking for somebody to do work , not somebody who will be away for few months paternity leave . 
  dutch telecom is infested with spy agencies already so this does n't change much : it 'll just mean less overhead for the nsa as they can demand things directly instead of going through their bitches the aivd . 
  best way to experience northern france is in a highspeed vehicle going somewhere else . 
  train is so much more convenient and relaxed then air-flight . 
  and you arrive in the center of cities instead of kilometres outside it in a concrete hellzone . 
  no , god is trying to get rid of his undesirable followers . 
  god wills it !, 
  pedophiles and child porn are used a lot like dark-age witch-scares and the spanish inquisition , or the communist scare of the cold war . 
  whenever someone needs to power amplify any imagined threat or get some extra leverage they just call ` pedo ' and all hell breaks loose . 
  see also / r/amsterdam and/or / r/amsterdaments, 
  good article . 
  if you step over the gut-reactions of simple hate and biased options , it is actually quite an interesting topic with many big and small ramifications .
