  it is an ethics nightmare to develop and test an artificial incubator . 
  like how do you even know if it does n't overcook the babies in some subtle way ? 
  it sparked my interest . 
  get lost yourself . 
  these damn arrogant french snobs . 
  and all the educated people are gerrymandering themselves into a few progressive districts :|, 
  til ` kebabs ' is offensive historical slang for turks . 
  brb stockpilings trebs . 
  i did not expect [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=san7barbhx4 ), 
  putin is playing trump like a fiddle . 
  if interference is needed a crisis can be created . 
  not enough rail , and the service buildings are placed suboptimal . 
  why care what wing it is is labelled at ? 
  care about the content . 
  so peaceful, 
  are they big or tiny arms ? 
  i 'm not saying every muslim has terror family , but it is common enough that it would be something that as a parent would worry me if my child would show up with a muslim . 
  my home-town had plenty of immigrants and these family involvements happened occasionally ; the school my mother workers more then once had a few dozen angry people on the schoolyard for shit like child custody conflicts . 
  i 'd be mildly worried about the huge family groups muslim tend to have . 
  imagine you child going through a divorce that turns sour , all those hotheaded family members wanting to get involved , having a bunch of furious southern aunts going off and slinging . 
  a royale with cheese ? 
  he just wants to be loved and respected :(, 
  personal rule i live by : never trust a dude in a tunic . 
  if not fascism then it 'd be the gays taking over , who 'd obviously outlaw tampons first day in power . 
   hereditary friendliness nice, 
  i need a video edit of marianne thieme hakkend on hakken on this . 
  is that a lot per head ? 
  they could train an video recognition system to scan for suspicious activities and flag for human review . 
  twitching animals , panicky sounds , unusual behaviour patterns in people and animals etc. 
  what about the right not to incriminate oneself ? 
  common , that black/gold flag is clever . 
  looks powerful , that 's probably the idea with them focussing on making hard choices and standing up for what ( they claim ) is right . 
  with their somewhat simplistic followers this makes perfect sense ( compares to styling of aggressive subcultures like hooligans and ugly metal/house scenes ) . 
  for me it makes it extra scary , obviously those people are thinking about their image and managing it , actively trying to recruit and market . 
  get people into the group by looking strong and being noisy then once they in the rally brainwashing them with hate and lies . 
  yes , it 's sad . 
  but you mean '' used like nazi-swastika ' ? 
  the ancient symbol also got hijacked by fanatics . 
  you are right , those nationalistic fanatics might be crazy enough to still try it . 
  i wonder how many followers joined just for the awesome looking symbols . 
  i do not ( ! ), 
  subscribe to their ideology but by damn that black flag with golden 2 bladed greek swastika on the picture looks powerful . 
  it 's the nazis all over again , they had that stylish dark runic symbolism nailed as well . 
  lucky they 're too poor to try and take over the world . 
   the only people who are forced into planes are people who are being deported or extradited . 
  what about social pressure ? 
  what if they loose or get rejected from house , kids , family , money , everyone and everything if they do n't step into that plane ? 
  i get so tired from muslims feeling attacked and victimized on every single issue . 
  it 's like trying to have a discussion with a tantrum throwing 5 year old . 
  i 've hear people say jews have a victim-culture but i 'm sure they meant muslims . 
  and tell me , why always call `` if god wills it '' whenever something happens and still make huge tantrum if you do n't like it ? 
  god wanted it to happen like that , so behave !, 
  because some lobby groups will benefit from it and are pushing the agenda . 
  i feel your pain , here in holland it 's so bad i gave up on cable tv and watch everything i like on the internet , the few random local gems are online as well . 
  production money is spend on dancing/singing/talking / living-with-stars/models/singers / morons-in-big-brother / video-house/live-shows and some mediocre blabbering soap drama . 
  thanks internet for breaking that chain . 
  also good for your language skills ( no more subtitles and dubbing , 
  who 's ` we ' and why do you not get the stuff from other countries if it 's all internationally exported ? 
  let the brits do britty shows & docs and leave the heavy stuff to those with strongest link to it . 
  only very loud , into a phone . 
  or just ranting at the skies . 
  or randomly threatening people . 
  denial is the single-step solution to any problem !, 
  edit : now i read the whole thing , that 's a pretty bleak ~ ~ story ~ ~ situation :(, 
  look at the bright side , at least they 're not shady noisy russians . 
  in a time where we can let cars navigate and steer themselves this should be easy fixable . 
  but it 's the dread maths again : costs of accident * amount of accidents vs cost of system, 
  i tried to formulate a sensible opinion but it degrades in a rant on the curse of racism and religion and how israelites are like a bunch of nazi 's , and on the weapon industry backed jewish lobby in the usa . 
  fuck that cursed place , they 're all mad . 
  would be nice of they did n't pull the rest of us into nuclear war though . 
  let 's not be to harsh on the top managers , or else they 'll become bankers or politicians and we 'd be even worse off . 
  political self interest is probably ageless but so polarised it 's a bit scary . 
  makes you wonder what 'd happen if one got an edge somehow and slowly pushes the other out . 
  why even want that ? 
  i do n't want anti-globalists , anarchists , disgruntled farmers and food riots wrecking my city , i hate police escorted cars blocking the intersections and helicopter patrols are the next most annoying after the firetruck-sirens . 
  also air-defense radar interferes with my wifi and gets everybody the sterile cancers so leave that shit in brussels or send it to paris , not here . 
  for me as a european the two big party system seems so vulnerable to polarisation and entrenchment . 
  i know there 's more then two parties , but in practice it 's democrats vs republicans . 
  there 's no nuance at all , either us or them . 
  for romney it 's more like : - some men just want to own the world , and rather watch it burn then let anybody else make us of it . 
  people see what they want to see . 
  they 'll do forget that the republicans fought him every step of the way during his term , stalling and behaving like a bunch of petulant children , as bad losers . 
  they 'd rather watch the place burn then ever do anything that 'd could be explained as an a success for the other party . 
  ca n't the eu not come back/re \u00efnvent in a more compact form ? 
  loose the corrupt mediterraneans and eastern-european countries and move on with more healthy/wealthy nations ? 
  or why is it beneficial for the north/west to join a union with the south/east ? 
  i 'd like to see a map of europe with color indications indication the net economic gain and arrows with money flow and see where the wealth we generated over years is actually going . 
  life-experience : i worked at a large media company that did lots of big multinational projects . 
  the amount of communication issues we experienced was enormous . 
  it 's no fun having a multi party project with millions of euros at stake and 1 party 's people just can not reliable communicate their intents and constraints . 
  never when they send you something can you rely on it that it 's actually what they mean ( ` on non , c'est not what le meant et all ' ) . 
  when we start putting it into the contracts that all communication should be in english so al partners can access same documents we regularly get nonsensical google translate copy and email ( do they even read it back ? 
  can they ? ) . 
  this was not some little company but big media names you 'd assume had some process evaluation ans spot/fix the glaring problem ? 
  not so much . . or try having a conference call where one party can not vocalize it 's issues tot he other parties . 
  10 people wordlwide need to coordinate and there 's * always * the french dude who fails . 
  it 's a disaster , a huge risk that needs to be managed and costs way to much overhead . 
  off all counties in europe it 's the french and mediterranean that reliable fail to speak a common tongue . 
  scandianavians can , the east-europe folks can , dutchies and germans do fine , even chinese techies will produce readable english !, 
  frenchy 's can not , will not and rather obstruct the whole lot then adapt .
