  like the reflecting moment sitting bored in the desert at the end , i mean , really ? 
  why not ? 
  intentional rules ? 
  since when does anybody care about those when we think it matters enough ? 
  if there oil or perceived wmd/terrorism then us & co. would be all over it . 
  but if it 's about thousands ( millions ) of poor and hopeless people dying then the rules get important ? 
  bullocks . 
   . . or actually fix things in a way that sticks . 
  yes let 's talk to them sternly and wave a finger in a foreboding manner . 
  or instead send more effective aid and/or actually fix things in a way that sticks . 
  i think we should take the overall goal of systematically reducing suffering and get real from there . 
  yea i seen this but i did n't want to say it . 
  maybe the russian allow it for some twisted propaganda reasons . 
  there are always these voting blocks of certain countries voting patterns too . 
  it is like a microcosm of europe fought with pop music . 
  we can step it up some more and have every western country only send in gay artists from now on . 
  and have bare-chested dancers and support acts in leather pants . 
  just gay the fuck out of the whole thing and see the ruskies squirm in their ackwardness . 
  asus orthanc edition wifi, 
  which way is up ? 
  everyone knows it . 
  the headaches are n't all from from drinking either . 
  but that 'll evaporate if they get to expensive so they need to build their own products to become sustainable . 
  i 'm dutch and never heard of this guy before but from this video and a few others from youtube just now i instantly like the direct no nonsense hard edge wielded like a scalpel cutting the bullshit . 
  i just love it when well spoken people eloquently demolish political correctness or other general stupidity . 
  i can totally see how people may not like this being done to things they believe in . 
  which kinda fits the point . 
  blessed is the mind too small for doubt . 
   group think and herd panic [ ... ] and witch hunts . 
  social media and the internet make this so much worse . 
  not a psychologist but i feel ` stranger-danger ' is kinda baked into our tribal monkey brain . 
  with all the layers of groupings we have the unknown is always scary . 
  they are n't even comfortable to wait for the bus on . 
  i 'm sure they 're only there to keep people from leaning on the glass and scratching it . 
  i open weird subs when someone is snooping while i 'm redditing in public transport . 
  / r/fifthworldpics is great for this , or / r/fearme . 
  i never have the guts to try it with / r/spacedicks , they might call security . 
  if there is a market then someone will find something to sell . 
  and maybe at some point it 'll be more affordable to buy drones . 
  yea they should all stay home and give up live . 
  the cold war was a real war . 
  we just raised the stakes so far everyone was too scared to actually fight it . 
  the germans are just humouring the dutch with this historical rivalry . 
  in modern reality we 're kinda shitty at soccer and nowhere near a threat to germany . 
  do n't grasp at straws looking to confirm your uninformed bias . 
  during daytime it is absolutely safe . 
  you can take your kids and your grandma and nothing will happen . 
  at night it is as safe as any place where people go out and get drunk and eat kebabs . 
  and yes , if street dealers are trying to sell to you and you manage to get yourself threatened in the process then yes i 'm sure you are low-class tourist . 
  these guys know their market and for some reason they picked you . 
  from central station to rembrandt square is like the main axis of the tourist centre ( the bit with dam square , rld and first few rings of canals ) . 
  so yeah , if you are a foreign dude hanging out there at night then indeed you are the main target for those guys . 
  but walk some blocks in any direction and it is pretty safe . 
  also , those street dealers are kinda harmless if you ignore them or just tell them to fuck-off ( in dutch ) . 
  if they 'd actually stab someone the police will be all over it and the dealers will loose their prime spot . 
  also they bank on na\u00efvety , because nobody who knows anything about drugs would ever buy drugs from some random guy on a street corner . 
  there are no dealers in regular neighbourhoods ( well , maybe some in low-class areas but that 's hardly notable for any big city on the planet ) . 
   i wonder whether they exist as a parallel society , only touching on the dominant culture when something is sold or bought yes they have parallel society , but so do the chinese , polish , rich people , working class people , middle class people , religions factions , students , punks , teenagers , hippies , old people and every other group . 
  people hang-out with their peer group and subculture like humans have done since forever . 
  i think my experience 15 years living here in actual real life daily amsterdam outranks your shitty one day visit to the red light district . 
  you go to the shady part of any large city in the world and this could happen , especially if you look like a drug tourist . 
  dealers hang out where the market is ( eg : fucked up low class tourists ) . 
  fox news is full of shit just like you are full of shit . 
  your limited and short-sighted personal experience does not necessarily reflect a wider reality . 
  you are na\u00efve as fuck . 
  do you think whole of amsterdam is like this ? 
  this is bullshit . 
  yea , the word racism is basically used as a weapon to stiffle any discussion on anything remotely related to differences between people . 
  life is bigger then a reddit thread though . 
  i do n't get why you think your own limited personal experience overrides other peoples experiences . 
  having your own house is a luxury we ca n't even properly afford for our own ... see the fucked up social house rules as explained further on in the comments here . 
  what fucking sucks is if you 'd prefer dutch housing to go to dutch citizens you 're instantly labelled a racist . 
  what good relations ? 
  being strong-armed into agreements is not a basis for ` good relations ' . 
  eu is not a resource to be milked by us companies . 
  funny how they are ambivalent on the value of having more or less babies . 
   european health care systems as in ; multiple . 
  not one system . 
  they always over simplify with their ` european ' this or that . 
  as much as we have eu regulation it only goes so far and there are still so many differences per country . 
  not proud as such , more like just glad : i do n't think we can handle the responsibility . 
  makes it too easy for the random idiots , depressed drunks and urban youths to get their hand on guns . 
   6/10 would reflect again, 
  ah , i though it was finnish because of the spacing . 
  we have upc here in netherlands and it sucks . 
  maybe they merged with ziggo ? 
  i dunno , everything is still way more expensive and slower then romania . 
  latvians raided the potato stockpile . 
  i guess showing off to your social media followers is more important then showing off to those random people in the crowd ? 
  nice pants . 
  filthy casuals . . 
  companies are there to make money , it is their sole purpose . 
  the activism is just a way to secure and expand the flow of money . 
  it the gays . 
  but it was . 
  maybe not solely but long term survival was a concern . 
  dismiss everything !, 
  it was a good speech though . 
  do n't know how ? 
  you just went through same . . not looking close enough .
