/ r/estimation, 
  facepegging . 
  beer , friet and chocolate is what dreams are made of . 
   ` retired ' quotes because nobody can seriously believe that . 
  russia does sneaky stuff all the time ; these very coincidental deniable actions that smell of involvement but where it is hard to decisively prove anything . 
  we also have very large sexual organs . 
  what is the dutch name for that dry kind ? 
  but still no potato ? 
  in a way it is a very clever way of invading . 
  instead of stomping the door in they just slither around and through and over but they are not quite doing a hard invasion you can point at but one day they 'll be everywhere and it 'll be too late to stop them . 
  and i 'm pretty sure they 're playing the media too ; some clever people figured out if they just keep it going at low intensity the world media will get bored by it and so also the public pressure on foreign governments which gives russia more room to slither in further . 
  as long as they do n't make to much fuss nobody will step in and economic sanctions wo n't rise to quickly . 
  i believe the downing of the malaysia airlines was a real mistake ( eg : accident , not in the plan ) and some russian strategist cursed really hard at the rebel rabble but they got away with it ( mostly ) . 
  and i also think they are testing this slow invasion strategy and if it succeeds enough they 'll probably try it with other countries . 
  alternately it was such a shitty joke that i honestly thought it more likely you were just being a jerk . 
  please read the article , it is mentioned in the second paragraph . 
  so you says dumb shit and then a lame woosh-meme if people ask for clarification ? 
   also the us invaded iraq . 
  how is that relevant ? 
  how do you make russia pay up for breach of contract ? 
  i like all these random but healthy-looking people with those very military looking assault rifles . 
  i 'd totally follow this program if my country had something like this . 
  i 'm sure they do that to channel the idiots . 
  they shall rise !, 
  vodka , cheap guns and women still good . 
  til !, 
  mjah , it 's pride of course , and everyone 's own stuff is the best * ever * . 
  i 'm not an expert in this matters . 
  i 'm pretty confident our water is very good , compared to the bio-hazard stuff you get when on holiday abroad . 
  you can safely drink water from a tap here , and it 's specifically noted to be ` soft ' ( low on calcium etc ) so you do n't need additives in your washing powder and it wo n't accumulate in your boilers and stuff and you can make a decent cuppa tea from tap water . 
  i do n't know about italy but the others ( and ours ) are coincidentally also countries that consistently rank high in all charts . 
  there are not many swamps here , we drained all of it . 
  the water collection areas are deep under sand ( dunes etc ) and benefit from the layers above for first filtering , before being treated by advanced filtering systems ( they are pretty big on the high-tech stuff they use , chemical free , like carbon filters and nano tubes and stuff like that . 
  is it glacial , or rain/snow based ? 
  because pollutants and stuff . 
  here no way . 
  we 're drowning in the stuff and all water is managed by government agencies . 
  they take it very seriously and we got among the best water tap water in the world . 
  better then some bottled water you can buy in the store . 
  they pump a lot of it from underground , there are huge sections of dune area where you ca n't do anything because it 's a water-source area ( so it 's nature reserve type land on top ) . 
  russia has some good tech and some good units but indeed mostly it 's sub-par . 
  western armies is all high quality expensive up-2-date stuff and nato integrated . 
  ww2 germans really chewed them up until the germans ran out of materials because of the long war and their industry being bombed to rubble by the western allies . 
  casualty rates between germany and russia are insanely skewed . 
  sure the russians sort of won , but it was not skill based , not really something to be proud about . 
  also lend-lease program was critical , as i read it on / r/askhistorians . 
  those turreted armoured trucks look nice , very stylish . 
  or just the special forces themselves . 
  words and shit . 
  murdering old people and unborn babies . 
  i try to compensate with lots of legal drugs and prostitutes but its just not the same . 
  indeed , so this video of the us aircraft can not be used to demonstrate how the russian plane 's gun firing looks like . 
  this is not the same kind of cannon at all . 
  i got a unique looking name that is not quite unique , i know there are at least 2 other person with this name , one of which is really active online like me ( this has led to enough confusion with prospective employers that i now got to warn them ) . 
  how is this going to work if one of us decides to purge the other from the web ? 
  are you new to reddit ? 
  names mean nothing . 
  full-spectrum party time !, 
  but hold the meth , that 's just dumb shit . 
  france can have wallon if they want it . 
  english is taught in most ( pretty much all ) of the schools in czech republic , people kind of understand it ( movies , internet adds to that as well ) , but people get those opportunities to use the language relatively rarely , thus are not very keen on speaking it in daily life if encountered , say , by a tourist . 
  when it comes to czech and slovak languages , they are similar enough to be called mutually intelligible ( i.e. 
  when you can communicate with a person using your language while another person uses his/hers ) . 
  so in this case the difference is so small , that one does not need to put much of an effort in communicating . 
  so just to sum up , there are three key points : - czech and slovak languages are mutually intelligible - it makes very little effort to speak the other language - english is taught in every czech school yet only fraction of people have enough of courage ( and opportunity ) to use it in practice hope this helps !, 
  czech and slovak languages are mutually intelligible . 
  it makes very little effort to speak the other language . 
  english is taught in every czech school yet only fraction of people have enough of courage ( and opportunity ) to use it in practice . 
  sure , that is true . 
  but `` amphibious assault ships '' means the ships who launch the landing craft and helicopters : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amphibious_assault_ship, 
  first line of the article says `` assault ships '' . 
  further on :  . . capacity to carry and land hundreds of soldiers and over a dozen armoured tanks and amphibious craft , as well as to transport some 16 helicopters . . 
  bbc leaves the impression of being a little sophisticated . . is it ever criticised for being elitist ( etc ) by the people who favour the other press ? 
  oh you mean plebes and ~ ~ slaves ~ ~ imported labour ? 
  what about them ? 
  * god wills it !, 
  yea , it is more efficient to have nsa ` consultants ' and ` maintenance ' on premises . 
  but is it just about short term money or something bigger like global power play ? 
  thing about big global chains like starbucks , subway , mcdonalds etc is that they are safe and dependable : you pretty much know what to expect . 
  people do n't like making choices so much so if you can pick between 5 random shops and a single known entity then many will go for the known brand . 
  imagine your neighbours playing this really loud for a few hours ... bloody murder is what follows . . 
  sure , but not they 're also a watermark . 
  they are very high quality pics so i can see how the creator would like some credit . 
  and then this is a nice choice i think , gives it a little cross-cultural flair . 
  because it keeps us from taking about important stuff we do n't understand . 
  because some of those pics could replace gta loading screens . 
  only if you take the failed asian colonial war back too . 
  that was such a bad deal and it pissed off all the damn hippies . 
  not surprisingly they voted for more frietkots and a stimulus package for the chocolate industry . 
  are they aware of / r/titler ? 
  putin is not insane . 
  disagreeable sure , but not insane . 
  they won this game . 
  nobody is going to do anything . 
  in a few months russia simply owns the place and it 'll be a done deal . 
  i 'm wondering where they 'll try next ; this is a perfect strategy for some land grabs . 
  funny how there are a few pilots with partial kills , including : george e. preddy , jr. 26.83 ( +5 ground ) how do you kill something 83 % ? 
  that is just nuclear , and not nuclear powered . 
  why would a landmine need nuclear power ? 
  maddening !,
