  no more 70 virgins ? 
  lolled . 
  the netherlands ( nederland ) are a geographical description of low regions in the germanic lands . 
  we 're practical folks like that . 
  there 's also a convoluted 15th century origin for the wider ` burgundian nederlanden ' coming from a ` down-here ' vs ` up-there ' distinction in ducal correspondence . 
   * your pitiful prosecutors can not chain me !, 
  * watching this guy in the news makes me realize how the world works . 
  it 's not pretty but damn he knows how to play the game . 
  gratuitous money power and bunga bunga and the people will keep on voting for it , pretty awesome deal . 
  if my government was n't so anal in it 's drug policiy we could 've supply them and keep this inside the eu . 
  and then there was that thing with the armenian 's , that genocide that apparently did n't happen and that mystery of the fields full of skulls and bones . 
  that 's just all that lube and oil from the bunga bunga parties . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  let 's not be hypocrite , sex and power , is n't that what every macho man wants ? 
  does this also relate to the recent economic problems ? 
  it 's sad indeed , but any aspiring tyrant knows : hope , is * the * most precious of commodities . 
  people can be happy with nothing as long as there 's hope . 
  i always wonder , is his personality and image also a factor ? 
  the image i have of him is incomplete and probably based on his or his opponents propaganda but it is very strong , especially for a politician . 
  do people secretly identify with him ? 
  the image of a powerful playboy machismo guy who spends too much money and fucks all the sexy models in his media empire but is a bit of a lovable rogue ? 
  and so much different then the other grey or crazy alternative . 
  power , money and women , is n't that the macho culture ideal ? 
  * plot route on smartphone and keep a gps update running, 
  certainly !, 
  bus and trains everywhere , and tram and metro in cities like amsterdam . 
  but there 's limited public transport very late or in the night , so if you arrive with the last train or roll out of a club on other side of town and your bike was stolen or you feel pimp it 's nice not to have to walk , 
  city taxi drivers can go to hell and rot . 
  they make their own tip by taking huge detours . 
  scammy fuckers even try it in my own city even after i tell them i know all the routes . 
  last one was pretty surprised i let him stop right there and then and let him wait for his money while i called another one from his passenger seat . 
  i 'll tip those who drive me to the airport at 5 clock at night though . 
  i guess they ate or sold all the history books . 
  red ones go faster , you know this . 
  regardless of this link , i wish you 'd use a descriptive title , like how water risk of what ? 
  who 's risking ? 
  what is at stake ? 
  nice map , pretty colors but what do we see here ? 
  ah yes , during a `` training exercise '' , wink , wink . 
  why are n't the locals doing those jobs ? 
  i 'm probably missing something here but 50 % unemployment and still swedes need to come over ? 
  why not learn english and milk those tourists for their money instead of sitting at home ? 
  easy maybe , except of course the islamists burned a library full of priceless world renowned ancient manuscripts . 
  they were maintained and famous for ages , but now gone , forever . 
  just a few percent was digitalised , the rest i fumes and ashes . 
  i rather have plebeian nubiles then nobiles . 
  those calling ` long live the republic ' mostly do so out of obnoxious random teenage rebellion or because they think it makes them look sophisticated . 
  i think we should call them out on this . 
  nah , let 's keep the oranges , it 's so quaint . 
  why is ' t manneke from belgium pissing on the netherlands ? 
  i see what you did there, 
  best to sear them into the children 's minds as early as possible . 
  oh ffs come on !, 
  bunch of spin swinging pc idiots with mucked-up agenda 's getting a second of media time . 
  `` brags '' is a bit steep dontchathink ? 
  the guy was a gunner on an apache gunship , what do people expect him to do ? 
  throw roses at the enemy ? 
  is it even impossible to admit he shot at talibs ? 
  so did thousands of others airmen and soldiers . 
  browse youtube and liveleak for a bit and see the shit ground soldiers say about the locals and what 's going on , but no , it 's way more interesting if a prince says it , then it 's big news and ` disastrous ' . 
  the whole operation is disastrous , what a heap of hypocrite bullshit . 
  netherlands : the snow and why the trains always break down in winter . 
  misogynistic muthafu . . oh . . , the ambassador was a woman also . 
   * . . and what do you think the new country would be like ? 
  here in the netherlands it did n't work out great when they privatised the railway service : the infrastructure company and the multiple carriers do n't have their priorities aligned . 
  tickets get more and more expensive and while services get cancelled or trimmed . 
  the privatised postal and telecom service are messy also , it still works but it gets stripped and ` optimized ' into minimalistic oblivion . 
  market forces do step in but they are focussed on making money , not giving good service . 
  you mean the tax system is to strict for business so they have to find loopholes in order to survive and finance expansion ? 
  fact : rules and morals are for poor people . 
  also that 's $ 2.5 bln not being collected as taxes and not being spend on healthcare and education , how is this not evil ? 
  that 's very efficient of him . 
  and once again people are deciding personal choices for other people . 
  cia doing it 's lsd thing again ? 
  cute comment , 
  part of moroccan people do identify as arabs ( some are berber , similar but not quite same ) . 
  source : my teenage moroccan acquaintances always bickering about this . 
  that 's not defending though . 
  then do the integration program and become one . 
  yea sure . 
  if you ever meet a dutch person and do n't know what to talk about just ask them about their dildo collection . 
  they 're still pissed we stole the * royal charles * and torched the rest of their fleet . 
  nah , we have the polish here now , you just pay them to build whatever . 
  infected with the gays obviously . 
  is that the one with a spaceship in the shape of a nose ? 
  i have some vague memories about that one from way back . 
  cruise along with helibro . 
  it says army in the title . 
  what we need is a navy . 
  did you know 60 % of dutch territory is under water , since we own a huge slice of the north sea ( and it hates us ) . 
  yea we have all the best stuff . 
  definitely up there with the worst , i think just behind ` kankermongool ' . 
  fun fact : in dutch swearing you can swap ` kanker ' with ` tering ' or ` tyfus ' or just stack the lot . 
  bonus insult if you find a new disease with the right impact . 
  sadly ` ebola ' does n't sound impressive in dutch , but ` aids ' can work sometimes . 
  we are horrible when angry . 
  let 's not , 
  that 's rich coming from them ; we did n't even interfere when they cleansed the place and we 're still assholes ? 
  i hope people recognize this is not a real personal diary . 
  feels extremely produced , lines all sounds very scripted .
