  yes they do . 
  and it 's on the total amount so if you would buy 3 items of 99 cents you pay 2.95 ( and not 2.97 or 3.00 ) and so save 2 cents !, 
  i looked into the dutch wikipedia and it seems the germans signed the dutch capitulation treaty on 4 may but it went into effect the 5th with some other stuff at the 6th , followed by some historical confusion and mixed-up dates after that . 
  also it 's not a classic liberation as such but more a capitulation since the north of the netherlands was still occupied ( because market garden failed to cross the big rivers ) . 
  then over the years we got that split between remembrance day on the 4th and liberation day the 5th , which is nice i think . 
  it 's one of the few days people can fly the national flags , but on the 4th they 're half-mast and 5th full up top . 
  so i guess it 's just one of those things . 
  because he had bad-ass designers and talented propagandists . 
  as much as i despise their message the marketing is impressive . 
  and some cross leakage from israelites/zionists associating with generic judaism and giving it a bad name . 
  when comments and critique on isreal 's policies get interpreted/bend into calls of ` anti-semitism ' . 
  inaugurated a king , had the yearly war commemoration yesterday and today is liberation day with the sun shining . 
  could be worse i guess . 
  ok , makes sense . 
  i 'll switch to . . eh . . 
  i have no idea . 
  looks a bit like a road they 'd use in top gear , forgot where . 
  alpish . . make it austria or south germany . 
  could be anywhere hilly with pine forests on rocky ground unless you recognize those dreadful hairpins or double power-pylon style . 
  but you make it easy by saying your countrymen will recognize so i think it 's your locale , and not cropping `` raportera ett problem '' narrows that down so i think i 'll go with sweden , 
  the hippies also complain about hunting , but they 're in trouble because there are too much deer and hogs and they destroy the nature reserves and starve in winter . 
  which is sad but they also ca n't really promote culling either or their support base gets angry . 
  we actually have a political party for animals here in the netherlands , with seats in the parliament , it 's crazy . 
  god wills it !, 
  but these are not reintroduced alien wildlife but naturally progressing return of previous existing wildlife . 
  currently there are no predators to kill large game and the deer and hogs are running rampant . 
  the hippies you describe are a separate problem . 
  wtf ? 
  is dat plantaardig stremsel of de genetisch gemanipuleerde ? 
  it 's pocket cash for industrialists and not worth it ; we waste magnitudes more to bankers and incapable european moneysinks like greece . 
  there 's plenty of reasons to keep them but they are less tangible then hard euro 's . 
  you must be very dutch indeed . 
  with a $ 700.000 billion gdp i think we can miss a few millions for a unique national institution like this . 
  now you made me feel old , 
  what what what ? 
  you 're from nl and never seen martin gaus on kids tv ? 
  he was always on the tros and avro type of day-tv and family shows . 
  this was way back in the 90 's though , 
  nah , we have our own famously annoying enthusiastic dog trainer called martin gaus . 
  still have childhood trauma from the overdone kids-show fragments he had on tv . 
  is funny how us cheesy mudstompers now have latin peppers pumped into the royal bloodline . 
  good symbolism for multi-culti tolerance and integration !, 
  it 's not mega useful but it 's nice to have them , i like them as representation of the country and people above the bickering of politics . 
  presidents come and go but the royalty stays as national anchor . 
  we 're not into mass nationalism in general ( except for soccer championships ) so it 's good to have this day , makes people remember we have a pretty good thing going here compared to the rest of the planet without getting too patriotic ( tomorrow it 's back to shrugging and bitching about everything as per usual ) . 
  and it 's like the biggest distributed theme party of the year !, 
  at least ours steps down at a decent age and let alex do some kinging while he 's still below pension age . 
  yours seems to hang on to the crown so long charles might as well skip his turn . 
  [ they did !, 
  small barking dogs need a firm but fair handler and they 'll settle down and be good dog and join the pack . 
  now do n't be all nuanced and realistic or you 'll confuse the hyperbole narrative . 
  until the chinese and arabs call in the loans but yes . 
  your mistakes are yours to feel bad about . 
  and like many issues we do n't take it offensive , because ~ ~ we do n't give a fuck ~ ~ of all that famous tolerance . 
  since every dutch person digital identity will be managed through this system it 's a pretty big deal . 
  if the system is using a us partner then what will happen if the us law changes and requires us government access to all the databases used by all us companies ? 
  what if a random us party subpoenas the us partner to pull all it 's data ? 
  depending on the provision of that law this could mean us party now have access to our national data . 
  this is of course unacceptable . 
  the same could be said for eu partners but dutch government would have more influence while us can just do what it wants . 
   `` but we will use open source software where possible . 
  that is our policy . '', 
  so it 's not sure if they will use open source , only that they prefer to . 
  what 's more interesting is this bit :  the dutch parliament wants the minister to check if the government can exclude american firms from offering e-id-cards and services . 
  some members of parliament worry that dutch citizen data might end up in the hands of the us government . 
  my gut feeling is pretty convinced that in practice amazon aws or the service using it will be made to cough up your data by the us legal system even if the database node is located in ireland . 
  does this also means any service using amazon aws cloud ? 
  what if they 're eu registered but use a us hosting provider in a eu data center ? 
  less guns floating around means there 's a higher barrier to gun crime . 
  about similar to casual racism , which makes it sneaky as people facade behind jokes and still have groupthink . 
  dutch ounce is 100 gram , but confusion like this is exactly the reason why they invented metric . 
  100 grams is 100 grams everywhere :p, 
  here in netherlands we have metric pound and ounces as well : 500g and 100g , used at the butchers and cheeseshops . 
  curiously enough they weigh newborn babies in metric pounds as well . 
  there 's still plenty of casual homophobia . 
  not the blind hate type but suggestive jokes , easy social dismissals and shared masculinity with a bit of bitching about homos . 
  no shortage of small mindedness . 
  only a few have n't * officially * changed , but in daily life people like in the uk ( who did ) still persists on ounces and pounds . 
  it 's like the metric system , everybody knows it 's better but * some people * can not change because it 'd be to costly in short term . 
  [ meme : facepalm ], 
  roma culture has been stuck in a feedback loop of `` us against the world '' for so long it 's part of both their identity and image . 
  hard to dissolve that . 
  i saw this docu on chinese companies in africa recently and they also had local labour and it involved lots of shouting and exasperation . 
  fyi : referring to your tags says nothing except how much of a grudge keeping dick you are . 
  agreed because it breaks confusion for people who 'd natively use comma as decimal separator . 
  freedom is nice but pay for your own entertainment . 
  the world needs less localised unities and more global unity . 
  primal tribal herd behaviour is not really beneficial except to keep the people busy . 
  so the plebeians need soothing with mass-worship of artificial idols , or society breaks down . 
  have we seen this before ? 
  like their own government for starters . 
  great sausages without sin !, 
  why are we even talking ? 
  oh wait , we were ridiculing archaic belief systems , that 's what . 
  what 's strange is that these days the pork is as clean ( or unclean ) as the beef and horse and chicken and whatever . 
  full of hormones and antibiotics and all kinds of shit from air pollutants and acid rain and reprocessed food . 
  so i 'm not really clear on why jews and muslims can not eat pork if they can eat the other kinds . 
  oh wait , religion does n't make sense . 
  so you 've been eating pork and nobody noticed , shame on you !, 
  now what ?
