  even my own country has a massive operation going and even relies on moles placed or recruited inside telecom companies to bypass any rules or regulations regarding government insight into their data . 
  but just outright blocking any democratic process that 's trying to look into this like uk and swden do is really ugly . 
  are we really just some us colony ? 
  why are they cooperating ? 
  who is actually running the governments ? 
  i wish we did n't have to pay for security by being usa 's bitch . 
  nationalism is a bit last century is it not ? 
  the countries who closed their airspace did however . 
   germany has no specific phrase for road rage , so the english phrase , which originated in the us in the late 1980s , is often used to describe the angry or aggressive behaviour of a motorist on the road . 
  damn , i was very curious at the german word for road rage . 
  german always has the best words for psychological concepts . 
  who 's going to feed the zombies ? 
  it 's a long read but worth it . 
  edit : thanks for the gold . 
  so it actually was worth it , 
  should 've been privacy and spying , as security agencies will have a lot of fun with things like google glass . 
  i 'm pretty sure op is either an idiot or a shill . 
  maybe you should push less hard so it does n't look like you try and drown-out or derail all other discussion . 
  it 's impossible to converse if you bomb everything with 30 + line monologues ( or maybe that 's the goal ? ), 
  are you a real person or is this your job ? 
  you 're awfully vocal on us-europe relation articles , derailing community conversation with stacks of huge blobs of hairy text in every damn us-eu topic . 
  yes because the nsa likes to check you for terrorism . 
  the spying is bad enough but how they are also above the law and place everyone under secrecy clauses is really what should not happen in western society . 
  that 's just 1984 stuff . 
  maybe it 's about time our european agencies start treating the us agencies as hostile as the chinese or russian ones . 
  the nazi 's were big on patriotism as well , as were the sovjet communists . 
  just sayin ' . 
  there 's culture contact ship in orbit around neptune but they 're waiting for us to clear our shit up before coming in . 
  i hope we do n't end like schar 's world before that though . 
  downstream here : we 're nearly drowning by default without your extra water , please get a handle on it or we 'll close the beaches this summer . 
  personally i blame the nsa for slurping our cloud data . 
  yea , i really depend on reddit to get a bit of aggravation and righteous indignation about things . 
  like us politics or whatever is up in the wider middle-east ( * again * ) or another war in africa , or maybe wonder a bit about integration troubles although geert wilders is just background noise by now and our local politics is mostly bickering over money and mismanaged projects . 
  and eu is probably fucking some random shit up as per usual , but that 's also not really news anymore . 
  netherlands : all i can say the sun was shining and it felt like summer !, 
  full blue sky , sunshine , mini-skirts and ice-cream type of weather . 
  pretty unbelievable but it really happened , got he sunburns and everything . 
  sorry for lack of real news but this was pretty amazing . 
  edit ; oh i remember : those frya trains were bought on the cheap and turned out to be shitty . . amazing . . who would 've thought ? 
  it should be possible but in harsh reality i doubt it 'll lead to anything . 
  the new thing in this case is that they confirm to have a backdoor with cooperation by the companies . 
  so not just rumours of just advanced web scraping or traffic interception but a custom wide open pipe straight into the source . 
  al-qaeda was right in that :(, 
  i found some nice job listings at the local google office but realized i always have my google account signed in and they have analytics everywhere . 
  they know more about me them i do myself . . 
  that used to be true , but not anymore . 
  maybe still in the rain under heavy foliage . 
  there 's friggin ' satellites and drones * everywhere * , laoded with zoom lenses , ir , uv and radar images . 
  and even if they ca n't see you they 'll detect the wet * fap-fap-fap * sounds from a mile away or auto-psycho-analyse your relieved behaviour in aggregate over all the networked sensors afterwards . 
  did you know about that new [ data center ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/utah_data_center ) they put up in utah ? 
  allegedly it can store pretty much everything and map out everybody . 
  it 's related to [ stellar_wind ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stellar_wind_%28code_name%29 ) and william binney . 
  thing with linux/bsd is that while it is more secure in potential you 'll need to know a lot to actually reach that secure level . 
  for my work i 've read many linux security guides ( including a nsa or dod one  and i 'm still scared how many things you need to do to be confident you did n't leave backdoors or tricks open for hackers and script kiddies . 
  that 's some real big brother shit right there . 
  and it 'll be even worse when the neural input devices arrive in the near future . 
  usa is not as free as they like you to believe . 
  if only a tenth of what i see in the usa centric news subreddits is true then it 's still a big mess with overzealous government agencies and so much lobbyists and media spin they can push anything they want . 
  i would like truly transparent government but it 's not going to happen , too much money and hawkish behaviour . 
  still hoping for europe to get this though , maybe one day . 
  it costs you nothing and makes the world more pleasant for everybody ( including yourself because you can feel smug for being a nice guy , as i assume your culture values being nice ? 
  here lots of people do a simple acknowledging hand motion/finger wave thing as the drivers look in the mirror when people step out . 
  not a lot of people here do this ( some do ) but if you do so they 'll remember and be nicer ( as if they 're human  . 
  like they 'll wait ( longer ) if they see you running up around the corner , or let you on even if you forgot to charge your chip card for your daily routine . 
  once i was sole guy waiting on the stop but daydreaming and did n't see the tram coming to do the hand wave to stop it . 
  but it was the tram i took to work every day at same time so he stopped right in front of me anyway and gave me a look . 
  glad he did and i could make the change-over to the train and not be late for work . 
  and those folks with the weird religions . 
  pick one , does n't really matter which . 
  it 's less now they introduced the '' fresh-out-of-bed-look gel '' . . or worse , ca n't decide . 
   `` so you have a boat , nice , you 're rich , but you 're still a rude cunt bag . '', 
  they think they do , and they form a tight sort of old-boys type of network but it 's more of a circlejerk type thing that works as long as nobody breaks the circle . 
  most of them are n't fully dumbasses of course , because after all they do university but i personally think the ` lullo ' skits from jiskefet contributed to their fall in the wider public perception . 
  just because they wear a suit ( badly ) and talk haughty does n't mean they 're better . 
  pretty nice place that does very well , like everywhere else it has integration/multi-culti issues , here with the large ethnic russian minority ( poverty , substance abuse , crime etc ) . 
  and make trash and damage stuff . 
  next time reserve a small arena and have them fight it out . 
  with live-stream and real time betting . 
  only if they are unfounded . 
  they should evaluate his antics per case , to not fall into dogmatic ignoring him , that would be bad as well . 
  if we 're aware of it yes , but some deny the link , and others play on the baboon instincts for political goals . 
  sorry , your sentence seems to trail of in dreadful ellipsis . 
  did you want to say something else ? 
  people are more like baboons then the civilised enlightened beings we imagine to be . 
  difference is : fishermen and loggers do n't save people . 
  wait till they pull you or somebody you love from a burning house and see if you feel different . 
  people who put themselves at a risk for duty are heroes in my book . 
   `` i 'm no hero . 
  i 'm just a guy who wants to do his job in peace and quiet . '', 
  you mean like on a regular day ? 
  cutting crying people from car wrecks , chasing cats over rooftops and fighting raging fires in collapsing building and saving people from fiery death ? 
  is that what he calls very peaceful ? 
  what a hero . 
  mediterranean is a good word for it . 
  here up north a mildly derogatory/racist slang is something like the * olive oil and garlic countries * if you compare the warm-blooded , more passionate nature of the southerners to the cold hearted northerners you see a difference in attitude . 
  not sure which is more european , though , i think it 's the mix that makes it european . 
   * . . basically a crime against social science perpetrated in broad daylight . 
  * sums it up pretty good . 
  that 's some proper / r/conspiracy material right there !, 
  they 're useful to buy large stacks of drugs , firearms and prostitutes , pay sports-cars in cash or just throw around to impress your fellow drug-lords .
