  seriously ? 
  my doctor just told me to eat chicken liver ( which are disgusting no matter how i tried to prepare them ) . 
  nope . 
  loved the book , love the movie . 
  do mittens next , or hats . 
  there are a bunch of very simple patterns that looks fancy as all heck !, 
  i second this . 
  the dice man , by luke rhinehart, 
  this looks awesome!great work !, 
  [ picot edge is pretty ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cvwvsjeajtk ) youtube video, 
  i had to watch the video again to see if there was some way they could have survived , and you 're right they were dead the second the truck came around the corner . 
  i saw the bears and the colours and thought russia , then romania and then there was a surprise american flag and i was just confused . 
  i was sure it was a russian plane until the us flag showed up . 
  just look at the creepily high number of harry/voldemort fanfiction there is . 
  i will order dessert when i want to -- not because i feel like i have to or because i feel like i ca n't . 
  i will remind my friends that they can do the same . 
  i will also try to remind my friends that , damn it , if you 're going to drink soda , it may as well not be `` diet '' because that shit is n't particularly healthy for you either , and it has a weird aftertaste . 
  empty calories be damned . 
  yeah , fuck this . 
  how about my hypothetical friend not mention what i should or should not eat and then i 'll return the favour . 
  wait , i thought brunch was the meal you eat if you combine breakfast and lunch ? 
  so how can you eat both breakfast and brunch ? 
  i might be wrong , but i think the movie ` heavenly creatures ' is based on this story . 
  it is a new years miracle !, 
  i made the tiana version for a friend not long ago . 
  there was both metalic and satin threads . 
  it was hell on earth to make . 
  or when you find the perfect yarn and then ca n't for the life of you find the perfect project for it . 
  thank you , i 'll give it a try !, 
  [ for quick everyday socks this is my go to ] ( http://zoomyummy.com/2015/07/29/the-easiest-knitted-socks-ever-diy/ ) . 
  it took a few tries to get the size perfected , but after that it 's a really quick knit . 
  that is just cute !, 
  what colour is the other cat going to be ? 
  or are you keeping it as it is ? 
  that does look good . 
  and not that hard of a pattern to follow . 
  that looks really nice , love the colours !, 
  that does look nice . 
  not celsius . 
  a sign that i 'm tired that it took a little to long to get that . 
  these looks amazing !, 
  now i 'm sad that i 've never had a meteor . 
  in fact , except for a few alien abductions , there have been no disasters ever . 
  am i doing something wrong ? 
  season 1 just pissed me of with how stupid they all were . 
  but it picked up in season 2 . 
  with how cheap plane tickets are , this is just silly . 
  if you 're savvy you can get pretty much anywhere in europe for less then $ 30 . 
  for $ 400 if you plan it far enough in advance you can get to the us . 
  personally , i love all three . 
  having a difficult time only signing up for two . 
  usually i 'd do that as well , but i was making baby mittens and did n't have right size in circular . 
  that is something i have done . 
  that or i fasten it to my sweater and then search for it until i look down and see it hanging on to my boobs . 
  that is some pretty people !, 
  i feel your pain . 
  what kind of devil needles , or putty flesh do you have ? 
  at least they returned it . 
  i 'm putting this in the ` reasons not to have babies ' column . 
  maybe get a priest to perform an exorcism ? 
  nope , i did not actually need details . 
  but now that i 've got details i 'm going to go invent brain bleach . 
  international all the way !, 
  because , yes it will be more expensive , but it will be that much more satisfying . 
  doing all three . 
  was going to pick two , but in the end i ca n't chose . 
  i 'm going international on all , elf on two of them and regular on the last ( colours ), 
  i was planning on just signing on to the no credits exchange and one more . 
  but there was no no credit , and i could n't decide on an exhange to skip . 
  so i signed up for them all . 
  when it comes to credits i pretty much ignore them , i have 17 and stick to either elf exhange or one credit . 
  cadbury ... just the name makes me think of those eggs . 
  surprise cheesecake in rhe mail sound amazing . 
  i usually do as well , but this time i was making baby mittens . 
  but i guess it 's the push i need to finally learn to knit with magic loop . 
  personally i would like the option to exchange a number of them , like 15-20 , for \u00e5 month of elf status . 
  a boy fell from the jungle gym . 
  open fracture . 
  another time one of my class mates stabbed another in the tigh with a pencil . 
  pretty much the most available weapon at hand in school . 
  most likely because there is n't any dna in feces ... 
  i had a pretty vivid sex-dream about the then leader of a political party . 
  we had sex on a bear rug in the chappel he had on his property . 
  it was a pretty elaborate dream that ended with him confessing , on our wedding day no less , that he was gay . 
  you did n't have recess ? 
  so what , you had just enough time to walk from class to class ? 
  that 's just sad . 
  some of the differences is because our school system is different . 
  same school 1st-7th grade , 8th-10th grade . 
  but we did have breaks through all grades . 
  classes were 45 minutes and then a 10-15 minute break . 
  must learn how to do this . 
  * intensive googeling commences * . 
  thank you !, 
  that is jut gorgeous !, 
  tomorrow when the war begin, 
  red wine, 
  but so many things that get touted as super foods with almost magical powers . 
  that is amazing !, 
  sure , it 's not necessarily bad for you .
