  less graphic and strange then yorgos lanthimos other movies . 
  there was a reason why i saw it twice . 
  eh ... i do n't think so . 
  but it 's been a long time since i saw eternal sunshine . 
  to me it just reminds me of the other movies yorgos lanthimos have made . 
  just in english and more accessible to the general public . 
  after watching it twice i still have no idea where it went . 
  sorry , i saw it at a film festival . 
  norwegian here , this translation looks right to me . 
  from what i can find it also had a budget of 70 million . 
  if they had kept the budget to ` pan ' lower there would still be a slight chance of at least break even at some point . 
  that said , the visuals in pan is amazing . 
  if there only was a halfway decent script . 
  not only that , but the disney classics version is very ... disney . 
  there 's no reason why they ca n't make a good movie that follows the book closer . 
  not more then is wrong with the rest of the world . 
  they just do n't keep it a secret . 
  that seems like a strange thing to say . 
  i mean is he talking about halal when he says ritualistic sacrifice ? 
  because the pigs is a big no-no there . 
  and halal meat is produced pretty much how most meat is produced these days , they just add a prayer . 
   i always add kinder eggs to gifts for the us . 
  i 'm going to keep wearing my fur coat , thank you very much . 
  ideally ? 
  yes . 
  in practice ? 
  depends on who you 're talking to . 
  i 'm pro-choice , but not to the extremely as some feminists . 
  in my opinion as long as you are for women 's rights , then you can call yourself a feminist . 
  but be prepared , have facts and make arguments from reason and not emotion . 
  that and it wont hurt to read up on the topic of how access to contraception and abortion rates and try to approach the subject from the opposite direction , or the big why do people have abortions question ) , and work backwards from there to how to make abortions in big parts obsolete . 
  question , and i 'm not trying to convince you to be pro life , but o you think abortion is wrong in all instances or would you make an exception for medical reasons ? 
  in other words , how pro life are you ? 
  this ` healthy ' chocolate milk i get for lunch sometimes have their calories per 100g , but nowhere on the packaging does it say how much the liquid weigh , just how many ml there is . 
  second this . 
  as a bonus clive owens is really badass in it . 
  wait !, 
  stupid question time ; you can change it ? 
  there is a 1/6 chance that is for me ... 
  thank you !, 
  that is ... amazing !, 
  poof , and the shaming time left in book ( aka , you read very slow ) timer is gone !, 
  bought it !, 
  thanks for the tip from a newly , part time vegetarian . 
  better of tedd, 
  do you have a link of this that is n't breitbart ? 
  not sure why , but the site makes my browser crash . 
  thank you !, 
  i have no idea why breitbart does n't work for me . 
  i did not know about amy adams pay . 
  an argument i 've heard is that lawrence role was on par with jeremy renner 's role , and that their careeres were on the same level at the time , any truth to that argument ? 
  do you know what he made , i know he made more on the back end then lawrence . 
  it does . 
  i had one a week or so ago , from user scufsarebad asking me if i thought god was right about homosexuality was sin or some bs . 
  he only posts to christianity sub , a sub i 've never been to , and i blocked him pretty much right away . 
  to be honest i have n't really been paying attention to this story , or watched the movie , that was just one of the arguments i picked up from a conversation . 
  glad you could debunk it . 
  another thing i did not know . 
  thank you so much for the information , this really is a big help to someone with only a passing ` read the headlines ' knowledge about what happened . 
  dreamy !, 
  i hate it when that happens . 
  i doubt it . 
  have you tried logging out ? 
  that seems to fix a lot of bugs on the android app for me . 
  now i want sims 4 !, 
  do you have a link to a legitimate medical study , or are we concidering clickbate top 10 sites as peer reviewed now ? 
  do you have a link to a legitimate medical study , or are we concidering clickbate top 10 sites as peer reviewed now ? 
  that is my problem with these classifications . 
  i 'm not going to make any judgements before i see the study they base this on , but the who does have an ... extensive list over things that cause cancer . 
  im on mobile and there was no link to sources that i could find , although that might be the fault of the terrible wifi i 'm on right now . 
  i 'm cursed with a boy and a girl every time . 
  i mean if i just wanted to babies i would imprenate more of the women , what 's the point of twins if they are not identical ? 
  did not know this !, 
  you might be a life saver, 
  me to !, 
  the narrator was what made this book for me . 
  the deadpan , and the calm panic voice just made it interesting , even the parts that would ( for me ) be to dry and fact filled to read for myself . 
  thanks for the warning . 
  that looks awesome !, 
  offer to do the shopping and cooking a few times a week . 
  do dishes that you can divide up a vegan portion for yourself , or that tastes great and does n't stand out as vegetarian . . let them see that eating that way is sustainable for you . 
  most important , do n't nag , and remember that if they are paying , buying , and preparing the food then you should not make demands . 
  i do n't know , i 've had an unreasonably high percentage of santas from canada , and they have all been great . 
  i 'm having a really hard time killing anyone in sims3 , getting them to drown is impossible . 
  is it any easier in sims4 ? 
  it 's a lot like unexpected jihad . 
  once in a while there is a post that tricks me . 
  saving private ryan, 
  flag of our fathers . 
  i know , this is a really easy pick , but watching both really does bring out the best in both movies . 
  the godfather, 
  them !, 
  osmosis jones, 
  the frozen ground, 
  do you mean ` burn after reading ' ? 
  rounders, 
  the ` kill all men ' hashtag was terrible , the bizare focus on ` manspreading ' like it is an actual problem made feminists look stupid , and of course anything that happens on tumblr in general is just childish . 
  when this , anita sarkeesian , that angry red head , and foulty statistics is all we see about feminism is it strange that people are sceptical ? 
  it 's time for feminists to shut down the fringe in order to be taken seriously . 
  then the rest of the feminists have to scream louder , because you are not being heard .
