  that sounds awesome !, 
  but it 's also a long time away ... 
  so make sure to do rematch before cake day . 
  got it , 
  in my first exchange my santa went absurdly overboard , and should get more love . 
  because this is about $ 100 of books in exchange for a bookmark . 
  sure , but looking great has nothing to do with what is marketable for models . 
  and she did n't have the measurements to be a runway model , and she was n't within the range of + size . 
  i know right ? 
  this gift is the reason why i 've decided to do as many rematches as i can . 
  i know this is an old post , but i 'm going to leave this link to a blog from a former evangelical about critical thinking , if you look at her parenting tag there are a lot of great posts about religion and kids, 
  and just women ? 
  uhu ... i 'm going to need some evidence for that piece of wonky statistics . 
  i 'm short and it 's up 0.9 points , which seems right . 
  you will not get bulky simply by lifting a few weights a few times . 
  but as someone who does n't like going to the gym , i do somewhat get you . 
  i can just speak from personal experience , but i love pilates . 
  you can start simple and then add on as it gets easy . 
  jill michaels 30 day shred is fun and have 3 levels so it gets progressivly harder ( and you can find it on youtube ) . 
  i am calling fatlogic on your body wanting to turn everything you eat into fat . 
  it 's adorable !, 
  i thought you had to suffer to lose weight , so several times i got my diets from pro-ana sites . 
  so i would stick to these horrible diets for a few days to a week and then go on a massive binge . 
  then i would eat normal ( to much ) for a few weeks to months before i went on another diet . 
  the diet i kept to longest was the one where i cut up an apple in 4 bites and had one for every meal , in addition once a day you 'd have this gruel made from a pinch of powdered milk , a small handful of rolled oats , tepid spring water , and two grapes . 
  i need one of these, 
  yes . 
  depending on the magazine there is always at least one set of contradictory ` diet-advice ' in any given magazine . 
  the actual reviews of this book seems to be the 3 and 4 stars reviews , they say it 's not a terrible book , that the author knows a lot about nutrition , but that the writing is n't great and that the end does seem to imply that losing weight will make her a superstar . 
  so , good information , terrible ending . 
  i 'm pretty sure the fas sees this as appropriation of a tool ` goodessess ' made to empower themselves by the diet industry ( #downwithfathatingpatriarchy ), 
  google the ` yay scale ' . 
  i dare you . 
  yeah . 
  sometimes i see this at work . 
  although rarely on the feet , usually on the lower back where you sometimes can see their spines . 
  that looks lovely !, 
  that is adorable !, 
  adorable !, 
  actually , i did n't really find any of the exchanges as a must sing up for this round . 
  i did sign up for the keychain exchange , because you can never have to many keychains . 
  but i am planning to sign up to be a rematch for doctor who , because while i 'm not a who fan , they are notoriously awesome to give to . 
  i went to check my mailbox yesterday to see if the gifts had arrived yet . 
  there is no mail on sundays . 
  this looks great !, 
  love the colours , love the pattern , and made with even stitches . 
  how is this not perfect ? 
  hm ... i 'm going to go for keychains and fairy tales , and then doctor who for the rematch . 
  i 'm holding out on the teaches to see where they need things . 
  the postal service where i used have estimate shipping time on their web page . 
  maybe check there ? 
  that makes a lot of sense . 
  wow , my logic fail was massive there . 
  must find this show . 
  this is pretty much the reason why i want to learn how to crochet . 
  youtube is brilliant . 
  i 'm going to get through a few things knitting first and then i 'm there . 
  it looks great , by the way . 
  so life like . 
  i 've put the book on my wish list . 
  there was a time when italians got lynched in the us . 
  pets is gifts for pets , animal is ... you know stuffed animals or things with animals on it . 
  brought peace !, 
  use a vacuum . 
  or risk end up like me with a needle sticking out of your ... rear end . 
  it 's not meat ... 
  there have been plane crashes caused by underestimating the weight of the passengers . 
  as for samoa air , i 'm pretty sure that their fleet consists of cessnas , single engine airplanes , so getting the weight right is immensely important . 
  not related , but i saw my first fupa today . 
  it was traumatising . 
  some young ( ? ), 
  woman was wearing a lose top with lose pants , and you could see the outline where the fupa reached halfway down her tight . 
  i would feel bad for her , because it was a hot day and she did not look comfortable , but she was drinking soda . 
  i saw this healthy ` protein ' cookie for sale in a sport store . 
  it was vegan , gmo free , gluten free and a number of other health washed labels . 
  it was also nearly 400 calories . 
  for half a cookie . 
  my ... great uncle was traumatized in ww2 , his way to deal with it was through alcohol . 
  i 'm not going to judge anyone for not finding a healthy way to deal with trauma . 
  in the end my great uncle found better ways to deal with his trauma , but it was a lifelong struggle . 
  i ca n't imagine how hard it must be when your former coping mechanism is something you ca n't avoid . 
  she was n't even the worst in this season . 
  there 's some people who have mighty high opinions of themselves , and at least she had something to back it up with . 
  my personal opinion is that the more ` health ' labels , the worse it taste . 
  my sister works in a health food store and brings home samples and things with busted boxes , and it 's amazing how terrible it tastes at times . 
  and if i had really wanted the cookie i might have gone for it . 
  but carrying around half a cookie in your bag is just a recipe for crumbles everywhere . 
  the stores ca n't have sizes that fit everyone perfectly , there 's simply to many variables for that to be feasible . 
  in stores you get what fits you best , and then you take it to a seamstress to get adjustments , or you bust out your sewing machine . 
  i 've gone shopping for hours , although eight hours ? 
  i would have given up by hour three ) and not found anything , trying to find stores that sell pants that are short enough that they do n't end up looking horrible when i make adjustments ( because adult sizes are to long for me and children/teen sizes do n't have enough room for my hips ) . 
  that first outfit was adorable !, 
  and looking at how many there was and trying to pick a country to send to . 
  i ended up with usa just because amazon shipping is cheaper and i can get more gift for my money . 
  i 'm in between sewing machines right now , so i go for either stores that have an in store tailor ( levis is great , but they do n't take in many 30 '' jeans ) . 
  other then that asos and topshop have great petite sections . 
  oh and one + size kids store , the concept of + size kids stores is sad , but their pants fit me perfectly . 
  my dds agree with you ; dresses are horrible . 
  i usually end up with a skirt/top combination instead since the variables are easier to control that way . 
  that said , my sewing machine skills begin and end with hemming , anything to do with construction i either pass over to my sister or a seamstress .
