  it is beautiful . 
  the mouldy cheese !, 
  if you 'd read book 4 you would understand . 
  [ from royal mail ] ( http://www.royalmail.com/service-update/international ), 
  start date : 23 march 2016, 
  end date : tbc, 
  following the events in belgium , alert levels across europe have been increased , in particular at tunnel and ferry crossings into mainland europe . 
  belgium 's borders have been closed or are being heavily monitored , with customs checking everything entering or crossing belgium . 
  whilst a number of alternative routes are being sought by most hauliers , we are still affected by the restrictions around belgium and its borders , and brussels airport ( zaventem ) remains closed . 
  a minimum of a 24 hour delay should be expected across most of europe , particularly in belgium , luxembourg , denmark , sweden , finland , germany , france , spain , portugal , netherlands , italy and austria . 
  vehicles coming in from europe with import mails for the royal mail group are also delayed by a similar time . 
  ** update : 31 march 2016 **, 
  following the incidents in belgium , the airport in brussels remains closed , and we are using a road based network to get into belgium post . 
  whilst the situation has improved , the crossing points into europe are still closely monitored and there are delays of around 3 hours getting into mainland europe ; this will result in a 24 hour delay in delivery at the final destination . 
  vehicles coming in from europe with import mails for the royal mail group are also delayed by a similar time . 
  seems this might delay gifts to uk from the continent as well . 
  fiction or non-fiction ? 
  i had the same problem after the last update . 
  [ this post helped me solve the problem ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/kindle/comments/4c4jst/battery_life_terrible_after_latest_update/ ), 
  you 're not the only one, 
  i read somewhere that the law firm stole a bunch of the townsfolks money after they won the case , and that it 's pretty much one big lie to make brokovich look good . 
  any and everything , make your own garlic butter , use it for chutney , make some indian food, 
  they should . 
  working in the coal mines . 
  tries , could not grt it to work . 
  they have made it into a series ? 
  how did i not know this ? 
  how is it compared to the books ? 
  because the books are pretty close to being harlequin . 
  no , but i 'll definitely check them out . 
  thanks for the tip !, 
  my incest problem was entirely of my own making . 
  when i first downloaded nraas woohooer i was messing around with the settings , and allowed autonomous close relations relationship . 
  did n't really think about it until two siblings i was n't paying attention to ended up having a baby . 
  `` i 'm going to focus on this character for my legacy family , so i 'll just set these others up with a job so they bring in money and let them live their live ... not with your sister ! '', 
  reading creates a diatance , to me it negates some of thw emotional response you get when watching or listening to accounts of the same situation . 
  i think everyone who downloaded videos got it , that and bill clinton wanting you to buy things . 
  `` do n't trust everything you read on the internet . '', 
  i agree , you hear about thw holocaust since primary school , but standing in sachsenhausen really made it real for me . 
  people who are mad that the movies did n't cater enough to their sense of nostalgia . 
  i did a cleanup today , got it down to 5 pages of samples . 
  then i went ahead and dumped the 90 + books on my wishlist into the samples and ended up with more samples then i started out with . 
  genetics load the gun , environment pulls the trigger . 
  spoiler warning !, 
  my solution is a disorganized mess ... i want to be a selective keeper , but i tend to fail at it . 
  i tend to buy second hand books that i want to read every spring . 
  i always plan to give back to second hand marked afterwards , but i rarely get that far . 
  mostly because i get way to many books and then do n't get to actually reading them or manage to keep control over what books i 've bought . 
  right now i 've started a ban on buying new books until i 've cleaned out at least 5 shelves of old books , i 've already packed away two big boxes of books , and have another one ready to be filled . 
  nope , they stay there until you delete them . 
  agree with farseer trilogy , but would go right to tawny man . 
  i ca n't even find it on [ flixsearch ] ( https://flixsearch.io/ ) , but maybe you have better searching abilities . 
  not netflix , but i found a not so great version on [ youtube ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rycehcdvpta ) . 
  there are some major sync issues . 
  pretty !, 
  i had to laugh when i saw the poster , because it 's pretty much what every kingsman fanfiction is doing already . 
  the only thing missing is mpreg and soulmates . 
  i thought so , but you have now made me question my very existence . 
  i think we 've read the same fanfiction . 
  the way i see the argument they are against the normalisation of men going ibto womens bathrooms since this leads to people not being able to stop a man from raping a child since the man can claim discrimination . 
  congratulations , i hope my day will come . 
  r/russia have helped me out several times . 
   * sorry i 'm not home right now * , walking in this spiderweb , but leave a message and i 'll call you back, 
  [ and then there is the video ] ( https://youtu.be/6zktnitwexo?t=1m33s ), 
  i know , did n't say it made any kind of sense . 
  young men with no children , who have never been fucked over by the courts just because they are men . 
  this movie will fuck you up . 
  that or it 's the meet up place for a suicide cult . 
  that or a pensioners club . 
  it 's so pretty !, 
  i think it 's pretty . 
  you can think whatever you want . 
  no stress , no judgment . 
  i think it 's really pretty !, 
  i love the asymmetry . 
  that said , the thing will cost more then my laptop , so it 's a no for me . 
  i just keep mine in a zip-lock bag . 
  no issues . 
  first , and only , kindle was paperwhite , never had an issue . 
  i predict mainstream media will either lament the whitewashing and deem it rotten , or call it a masterpiece of feminist empowerment and hail it as the best movie ever . 
  so it will end up around 50 % . 
  your mother . 
  not going to lie , i would watch that movie . 
  i love the change of the groups name and michael cera as dr. dre . 
  the rapping would be epic . 
  stay away from akira as well . 
  it teaches you where the best place to stand to avoid getting hit by runaway cars is . 
  that and be careful when closing gates , when climbing electrical poles , and to stay the fuck away from fireworks . 
   the federal department for media harmful to young persons ( bpjm ), 
  that sounds like something germany would have . 
  in the 30s . 
  r/sexyabortion is less about abortions now and more posts about how terrible the sub is . 
  it 's also quite dead , with 8 posts in the last 6 months and barely a handful of comments on each post . 
  i actually found the sub very educational when i first came to reddit , when it was actual pictures of fetuses , and not the baby doll images you see from the pro-choice crowd . 
  then again it does n't actually take much to get to the frontpage . 
  how is life in germany ? 
  always amusing to watch !, 
  i want to choke anyone who picks up their phone during the movie with their own phone . 
  will amc let me ? 
  they can have dedicated kill the phone devil friendly screenings .
