  1 question . 
  she is 5 ' 11 '' and her hips are 50 '' . 
  a soaker . 
  in defence ( ? ), 
  of the pattern it would n't be that long if it was n't a horrible set-up for the patterns , and there 's 5 pages of ` read me ' before the pattern starts . 
  i just really lost the will to knit as it was printed out . 
  she does n't know how to knit , so to her knitting is magic . 
  i think she just looked at the picture , figured it looked easy and then sent it to me . 
  and she is the kind of pregnant woman who turns into an entitled brat . 
  luckily the baby is n't due until december . 
  she is a very frilly person , so i guess it could be worse . 
  but i really ca n't be to mad at her since i 'm waiting for her to have that girl that i can knit dresses for . 
  those looks really nice !, 
  thanks for the tip !, 
  thing is , they do look really nice . 
  so i 'll probably just spend some time to sort the patterns so that it 's a little easier to read . 
  because once you sort through the 5 sizes x 3 yarn weights it does n't look so bad . 
  i 've got a few months yet . 
  that said she wants two of each size . 
  and it might have looked a little better if the printer at work had colours , because there is a lot of colour coding going on here . 
  that teddy bear is adorable !, 
  after going through the pattern and picking out the newborn size for 8ply it ended up with 4 pages . 
  after going through the pattern and sorting out one size it ended up with 4 , not so crowded pages . 
  after spending an hour sorting through the pattern i ended up with 4 pages . 
  it looks quite reasonable now . 
  after actually looking at the pattern i get that , but sitting there and the pages just kept coming i was a little worried about what i had gotten myself into . 
  how ? 
  why ? 
  that 's one of the reason i 'm a little scared of buying patterns online where i do n't know the page count . 
  looking at the stack of paper is a little intimidating to me . 
  that is good advice . 
  that sounds ... exhausting . 
  i 've been sticking to yarn company sites so far , their patterns tend to be very to the point and short . 
  the bulk of this pattern here is the fact that it is repeated for 8 , 10 & 12 ply ( four pages each ) . 
  and the information in the other pages is n't useless , it 's great for a beginner or someone like me who is n't that sure about english knitting terms and abbreviations . 
  but it 's still 18 pages long . 
  this anti-racist organization where i live turned out to be a front for a communist/anarchist group who was scamming the state for money . 
  churchill had no qualms about starving india , so no arguments about that . 
  i kind of admire the british for saying ` sure , you helped us get through the war , but the war is over and it 's time for you to leave ' . 
  on another note , i live pretty much equal distance from the german and the raf graveyards where i live . 
  the german state pays for their own , but i 'm pretty sure the raf is on us . 
  reading through it , it was n't scary . 
  but watching the printer just continue to spit out paper while people started looking at me and asking what i was doing ? 
  that was just a pit of fear in my stomach and thinking i should have asked what it was before saying yes . 
  but i 've bought the yarn and will start it after i 've finished the comic book exchange gift . 
  i can feel your pain , although i 'm lucky since vanity sizing in europe is n't anywhere near as bad as in the us . 
  i 'm trying to buy new sweaters and shirts , and i have ended up getting one in size xs , and sure it 's supposed to be a little big , but this is a little more then a little big . 
  i find myself getting basics from teenage stores . 
  but i 'm 30 , i do n't want to dress like a teenager , so my wardrobe is pretty much just basics . 
  to be fair the pattern had 4 pages , and there is 5 sizes . 
  i have to confess i do n't always count the  10 calories of cooking spray . 
  get an icecream machine and make your own . 
  here 's a bunch of different recipes . 
  for the eating a whole tub part of this the trouble is that sugar is what makes the texture of the ice cream , so cutting it out or replacing it is n't that simple . 
  i have heard good things about this product , whey low , but have n't tried it myself since they do n't ship to where i live . 
  they do however ship to the uk . 
  well , for all i know op is a witch/wizard and that 's how they make it without any kind of oil . 
  i watched the first episode . 
  it was very ... wachowski brothers . 
  i did n't know it was made by them when i started watching , and i probably would n't have watched it if i knew . 
  it 's slow , and pretentious , and seems to be using an interesting concept to cover up the fact that they do n't have an actual story to tell . 
  npr has an entire series on the subject of nurses getting injured on the job . 
  very thin patients come with their own problems , but not nearly as much as obese patients , and it 's often just a symptom of their health issues . 
  emaciated is the word i was looking for and could only remember emancipated which i knew was n't the right one . 
  or the ` not yet ' option . 
  i did n't even know there was any games on my computer . 
  that said it seems like you have to have an x-box account to play , so i 'm already out . 
  that looks really pretty already !, 
  how about getting your tubes tied instead ? 
  i 'm not usually one for wanting an american style justice system , but this bitch should fry like a chicken . 
  she did n't have time to make food , and it was much faster to heat up a frozen pizza . 
  then she started a weight watcher like program and would n't shut up about how it was so fast and easy to grill chicken breast and we should all try it , and have we tied fresh vegetables and whole grain ? 
  she is one of those people who actually manage to be more annoying when they lose their fatlogic . 
  she will not shut up about what food she makes for the family . 
  i was volunteering at a festival a few years back , and all volunteers got a t-shirt . 
  but something went wrong when they ordered the them and the sizes went from a m to a 3xl ( and these were uni-size shirts ) . 
  all the m were gone within the first 30 minutes . 
  i was late and got a 3xl that i threw a belt on and used as a dress . 
  it reached my knees . 
  it 's a reduction in benefits to people who refuse to get treatment in order to get back to work . 
  maybe we 're reading it differently , but i read it as if you refuse to take steps to take steps to get back to work they will cut your benefits . 
  just like if you refuse to participate in work training , you 're benefits gets cut . 
  the longest i 've got is the count of monte cristo . 
  it is 52 hours long . 
  it 's a good book , although a little heavy and stretched out at times . 
  is n't that from a south park episode ? 
  are you a south park fan ? 
  that eye is gorgeous !, 
  pretty, 
  that is awesome !, 
  not available . 
  how much is each credit for 24 at a time ? 
  that is a much better value . 
  the good condition ones ? 
  put them in a vacuum sealed bag and but them somewhere for later . 
  the rest ? 
  kill them with fire . 
  just look at the articles about how he ran his shows . 
  he is a control freak , no doubt about it . 
  much of the problems with tasm was sony .
