  meh ... after the eardrum bursts it did n't hurt any more , and it only intensely for a few hours . 
  there was a really cool double note in the ear afterwards for a few hours . 
  i 'm not sure if i 'm more disturbed by this or impressed by the realism of videogames . 
   my point is , i do n't go to the doctor unless there is something actually wrong with me . 
  so either ragan goes to the doctor just to have something to post about , or there is medical issues she is not disclosing on her blog . 
  what is unfried rice ? 
  does she mean , boiled rice ? 
  and is it just me or is that the most boring diet you have ever seen ? 
  i mean , where are the spices ? 
  why did her dinner consist of only carbs ? 
  i managed to fail at measuring myself . 
  that or i have 83.5 % bodyfat . 
  edit : this is what happens when you put your waist measurement in inches and your at navel and hip measurement in cm . 
  when measurements were put in right bf % was 24 . 
  sorry to burst the buzzfeed bubble , but i just see my tits . 
  and i tried this both standing up and laying down . 
  tits , no gut . 
  for me the worst angle is standing sideways and looking in the mirror . 
  my stomach looks huge . 
  pugs have enough problems breathing already . 
  and you know that these people do n't really care about the movies , because then they would know that anastasia is n't disney !, 
  anyone who cares even a smidge about animation knows that anastasia is n't disney . 
  do you have links to more of her work ? 
  in addition they are blacklisted by the eu for having a strange habit of falling out of the sky . 
  you got it to fast forward ? 
  her fat has fat . 
  is there even an arm under all that fat ? 
  her poor wrists !, 
  i got a message from a neo-nazi on tumblr once . 
  where is my fake ted talk ? 
  she was forced to order water instead of dr. pepper !, 
  the horror , the horror !, 
  or that a salad is n't always the better alternative . 
  i mean , the salad just seems so generic , like the story is there just to fit her narrative . 
  do you have a source for those numbers ? 
  i was recently told be a doctor that the level of iron in my blood was to low . 
  i did n't yell at him about shaming me for my natural low ferritin levels , and i did n't make a blog post about it . 
  i went and got iron supplements that i sometimes remember to take . 
  subbed to km . 
  that at least looked like a ted talk and not a presentation for a introduction to feminism class . 
  someone shamed you on the internet ? 
  best way to show you do n't care is to write a 5000 word blogpost about it . 
  8 in all , of them 3 rematches . 
  my first was bookmarks , and my santa was full on crazy over the top . 
  i have never been disappointed . 
  i 'm going to take a break after this round , have to start on christmas presents . 
  wow ... what was your first exchange ? 
  what is your favourite gift and what did you like giving the most ? 
  we 've all been there . 
  i have ahabit of forgetting that i 'm subscribed to r/unexpectedjihad and every now and then i am caught completely of guard . 
  here 's the study . 
  it 's on premature ejaculation and i ca n't find the numbers they are talking about in the abstract . 
  that looks great !, 
  what have the romans ever done for us ? 
  a lot of them were unapologetic nazis until the bitter end , their last words being `` heil hitler '', 
  watching this video the only thing i could think about was the ones where einsatzgruppen would line nude men , women , and children up in front of ditches and shoot them . 
  as a sidenote they taste delicious . 
  a friend of mine has an aquarium , and finding out what the different stores call their fishes and what scientific classification they follow is , according to her , a nightmare at times . 
  that is my new motto in life . 
  in my experience nurses are really gullible , there is some really strange things going on in nursing school . 
  we 've got oreos . 
  we even have oreo cereal . 
  i would just try making it more simple . 
  avoid sending recipes with things she does n't have easily available . 
  my guess would be produce , there 's a few things that are not common in grocery stores where i live , different types of squash for example . 
  we do actually . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've seen something similar in lidl . 
  welcome to the club !, 
  that and most journalists are terrible at interviewing children . 
  she got nominated because the studio spent a lot of money to get her nominated . 
  it 's not even true !, 
  the dietary restrictions is driving my sister nuts . 
  i feel your skittles pain . 
  yes . 
  a doctor worth anything would look at anything that could cause the pain , that includes the extra weight and/or overwork ( ? 
  not sure if that 's the word , but google translate insisted ) . 
  that was the word i was looking for , but my spelling was so bad that spell-check told me to go away . 
  check your privilege !, 
  pie !, 
  my author sim just wrote wincest . 
  where is the handsome white knight punching out the bullies , carrying her out and telling her how gorgeous she is and asking her to be his girlfriend ? 
  i 'm sorry to have to do this to you . 
  i 've only seen a few of the post , and as someone who does n't know anything about european medieval history it did n't look that crazy , is the blog really that wrong ? 
  with the conditions they were in they were not happy fish to begin with . 
  who puts bettas in so little water ? 
  do you keep bettas in single serve boxes with close to no water ? 
  yeah , i did a little more reading and while there were sensible posts some did seem like conspiracy theories . 
  eh ... why not just tell him no , and maybe ask why he thought it was an issue ? 
  maybe explain how push-ups work ? 
  or just tell him you 're no and stop making a big issue of something he most likely did n't intend to be `` mean '', 
  i 'm not a fan , but i can see why other people like her . 
  yes !, 
  benson is to fast to judge and much to emotional for my taste . 
  van buren does n't let anyone mess with her and actually has a personal life . 
  does it work on it 's own ? 
  people have told me it 's a good show , and i kind of want to give it a try , but not if i have to watch 15 avengers movies and another series in order to understand what 's happening . 
  i work nights , and with just the tiniest amount of channel surfing i can watch svu ( or csi ) all night long . 
  sometimes even the same episode several times . 
  i do n't see the problem ? 
  they have the right to protest .
