  i 'd agree with you , to a point . 
  but i 'm 30 and my mother buys me clothing all the time . 
  she just really like buying clothing for me and my sisters , and apparantly i 'm the easiest to shop for . 
  for tops she get the sizes , but she have never been good at figuring out my pants size , even when i tell her she insists on eyeballing it . 
  and the as good as always end up to small . 
  that said , i do n't sweat it since she 's not being mean . 
  because she was showing symptoms . 
  when the first lotr movie came out there was an article where people interpreted the book . 
  i remember there was a communist , a catholic , and an anti-war activist among others . 
  they all managed to fit their world view into the book . 
  what yarn did you use ? 
  i have this in my future priject list, 
  i had forgotten about that !, 
  well , i thought it was a hoax , that and the long list of songs that could n't be played . 
  because if you hum ` walk like an egyptian ' the terrorists win . 
  thank you !, 
  it looks amazing . 
  just look at all the bat shit readings of dr. seuss books . 
  thank you for telling me , what would you have used ? 
   the tale of scrotie mcboogerballs ', 
  i do n't remember that episode , but have put it on my watch list . 
  it was pretty similar to the atheist reading . 
  something about hobbits being the perfect ( atheist/communist ) society and the other groups being different kinds of organized religion/capitalistic countries . 
  it was pretty simplistic . 
  is that how she knows she will be an im ? 
  she has already done it ? 
  mind . 
  officially . 
  blown . 
  i had no idea what vbo meant . 
  i do now , and i 'm now going to do the eternal sunshine thing and get the knowledge removed from my brain . 
  i recently held my smartphone in my mouth , and bit down to hard so that the screen shattered in my mouth . 
  why is n't the dangers of biting your phone being addressed ? 
  sometimes there 's a sale on whole chicken , where an entire chicken is $ 10-12 depending on weight . 
  add a bag of frozen veggies and some potatoes ? 
  dinner for a week , and the bones can be used to make home made stock . 
  there is . 
  the vfx company that won an oscar for their work on life of pi , filed for bankruptcy protection a short time before their win . 
  [ source 1 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9lcb9u-9mve ), 
  [ source 2 ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/arts-entertainment/films/news/oscar-nominated-visual-effects-company-behind-life-of-pi-files-for-bankruptcy-protection-8495685.html ), 
  i 'm still getting a lot of adds for it on youtube . 
  yeah , it 's not the same as going into a store , but still . 
  their skirts , which is my biggest problems when it comes to length , are amazing . 
  i 'm rarely at hotels where breakfast is included , but when i am ? 
  or when i have to go to ikea i make sure to go in the morning to get to the all you can eat breakfast . 
  it 's a pretty common fanfiction porn trope . 
  thr supernatural fandom is full of stories of sam or dean getting fat , and being fucked by the other brother . 
  that looks amazing . 
  i feel your pain . 
  that is adorably dorky !, 
  the hat is cute as well , i guess . 
  love it !, 
  how is the fit ? 
  i have a strange fear of making socks , and for the most part it 's the heel that is stopping me from trying . 
  i might give these a chance . 
  it 's on my list !, 
  see that face ? 
  that 's right i got an aneurysm from reading that . 
  that 's it . 
  i 'm going to take a before picture so that i can have an after picture to compare it to . 
  you look amazing , and happy ! , in the second picture . 
  you can have half of my 85 points . 
  mostly because fuck it , i 'm classifying myself i 'm a 9 + / 10 in attractiveness . 
  also , apparently i 'm from norwar , not norway ? 
  wtf is up with - points if your doing the quiz on a friday or saturday night ? 
  they made her more * classically feminine * looking , giving her some curves , not fatter . 
  i did n't even get to the shitshow of the last comment . 
  that 's it , i 'm getting lasik and a new haircut . 
  because that picture looks like me . 
  i do n't care what other people eat . 
  i just want a simple way to figure out what i should eat instead of having to do stealth research before going out . 
   [ ... ] from a dietary science perspective , there are other important aspects of the food we eat -- from fats to proteins to vitamins and minerals -- there is more to the picture . [ ... ], 
  sure , but i can care about nutrition and * still * want to know how many calories are in my food . 
  that and i 'm trying to think of restaurants with more then 20 locations , and all i can think of is fast food and tgif ( which i consider fast food ) , so places with high calorie food and not places you go to if you care about nutrition . 
  do n't look at one video from one guy ( who is known to hate sugar ) at face value . 
  go find other sources as well , look at people who disagree and what their facts are . 
  are we sure everyday feminism is n't just a really elaborate 4chan joke that got out of hand ? 
  because that would restore my faith in humanity . 
  no , we should be part of denmark , like god intended ... 
  i work weekends with a lot of down time . 
  i spend a lot of time on reddit . 
  huh ... not a bad idea . 
  a little late , but yes please ? 
  you are the best . 
  lot 's i have n't read before !, 
  nsfw is fine . 
  i was really into this cross for a while , and then my favourite fics just kept being deleted . 
  i 'm not sure about that . 
  i 'm cursed with a hateable voice . 
  [ :d ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s9rvs8cjnn0 ), 
  actually , i have a co-worker who keeps adding me to her herbalife group . 
  i think it 's justifiable homicide . 
  i love it !, 
  this is pretty much instant costume . 
  seriously , there is so much woo in low level healthcare that it will make you go crazy if you look closer at it . 
  people with just enough education to know the basics , but not enough to spot bs . 
  i work with nurses who will tell us to give small meals often to patients who need to gain weight , and then turn around and claim their weight is n't because of how much they eat . 
  c25k is amazing , i had an incredible ammount of progress in very little time . 
  and no , moving 5 km three times a week did n't make me lose a lot of weight , but it made me fewl so much better . 
  i 've only seen theis one .
