  pretty much . 
  the media is incredibly biased in his favour . 
  [ the trailer ] ( https://www.nrk.no/mr/sja-direkte-fra-mannen-1.12012651 ), 
  bonus , watch it with the [ live feed ] ( https://www.nrk.no/mr/sja-direkte-fra-mannen-1.12012651 ) of the mountain playing next to it !, 
  they 're pretty sure it 's going to go soon , but then again they 've been pretty sure before . 
  we all have at least one terrible movie we enjoy . 
  i mean , i get why ` dude , where 's my car ? ', 
  did n't win any oscars , but i still watch it at least once a year and laugh out loud every time . 
  and if there is any truth in it , this reads more like a woman with actual , non-tumblr , metal health problems . 
  and making fun of those is just mean . 
  add an egg , or some ham and chive and you 've got something you can pretend is a healthy meal . 
  source : have been poor student . 
  once upon a time i had a boyfriend who only ate meat . 
  and i mean that litteraly . 
  he was generally a shitty person . 
  maybe i should facebook stalk him and see if he 's still alive . 
  i 'm one of those people . 
  just sitting and watching a series/movie dos n't work for me . 
  i have to have some knitting or clean or so something . 
  i 'm a nightmare in the cinema because i changw position evwry 10 minutes or so . 
  there 's a bigger audience . 
  i mean there is a reason why they keep making the big bang theory and that 2\u00a01/2 men lasrwd as ling as it did and it did n't have anything to do with quality . 
  oh , i 'm not arguing that point . 
  i just do n't mind . 
  gone girl was a solid movie . 
  who kicked her in the cunt ? 
  gluten free is n't that hard , it 's going to involve not eating grains , but i can give a cheap and nutritious food plan for it with little effort . 
  and do anyone actually believe that the doctor wants her to eat organic ? 
  seriously , stop commenting on my porridge with boiled egg lunch . 
  i mean , i 'm not commenting on your cheese , ham , and ranch salad . 
  the difference is in the food scale , and probably not using cheap cafeteria ham and cheese . 
  your own source does n't support your claim . 
  is his name kevin ? 
  i vaguely remember a robin williams movie where he is a late night host who runs for president and wins because of errors in the voting machines . 
  as long as he 's stammering i 'm going to watch anything with jeff goldblum . 
  the norwegian distributor have n't decided if they 're going to release this movie , so i 'm hoping it 's goingito be a succsess or i 'll have to travel to sweden to watch it . 
  so it 's like if a bunch of protestants met up to protest the inquisition , and the media spinning it into all * christians * being against it ? 
  note to self ; cremation is the way to go . 
  i had to burn a profile to the ground because i watched two ` documentaries ' about eating healthy so netflix assumed i was a raw feeding , vegan , anti-gmo , vaccine denier . 
  you watched fed up ? 
  well , here 's 15 documentaries about how bad gmo 's are !, 
  enjoy !, 
  eating a small portion , less then 100 g , of ice cream for dessert helps me avoid eating sweet things throughout the day . 
  is n't that what the wikileaks guy was charged with ? 
  he had sex with two women without telling them about each other . 
  thanks for clarifying . 
  i do n't agree that it 's rape , but that 's neither here nor there . 
  [ soundtrack ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ado5pmjr5k ), 
  det er united international pictures som er distribut\u00f8r i norge , go wild . 
  that is a good choice . 
  if you dare there is stephen kings 11/22/63 , although in my opinion the worst part of the book is the alternate history parts . 
  and there 's a book by stephen fry called ... making history ? 
  and fatherland by robert harris . 
  both about ww2 . 
  harry turtledove have a lot of alternate history books , some with aliens . 
  i should reread the plot against america , because it really is a great book . 
  it 's a bit like the nazi experiments . 
  sure on some level the hypothermia experiments did have some value , but it was conducted on starving and sick people , so how much actual value it had is questionable . 
  there 's an article called ` was nazi science good science'or something similar that had an interesting take on the question . 
  i agree . 
  there 's also the question of what will be done with the footage , who gets to watch it , when will it be deleted , where will it be stored , maintenace and a bunch of other questions that i ca n't seem to find the answers to . 
  and kids watch this shit on repeat . 
  so i 've been seeing these graphs people have made of their runs with both altitude and length and was wondering where/how people do that ? 
  also , what 's the best running app ? 
  i do n't get it , i ca n't see anything wr ... oh ... ouch . 
  the only bodies pictured are still alive and in jail . 
  nothing icky at all . 
  `` what is real ? '', 
  asked the rabbit one day , when they were lying side by side near the nursery fender , before nana came to tidy the room . 
  `` does it mean having things that buzz inside you and a stick-out handle ? '', 
  `` real is n't how you are made , '' said the skin horse . 
  `` it 's a thing that happens to you . 
  when a child loves you for a long , long time , not just to play with , but really loves you , then you become real . '', 
  `` does it hurt ? '', 
  asked the rabbit . 
  `` sometimes , '' said the skin horse , for he was always truthful . 
  `` when you are real you do n't mind being hurt . '', 
  `` does it happen all at once , like being wound up , '' he asked , `` or bit by bit ? '', 
  `` it does n't happen all at once , '' said the skin horse . 
  `` you become . 
  it takes a long time . 
  that 's why it does n't happen often to people who break easily , or have sharp edges , or who have to be carefully kept . 
  generally , by the time you are real , most of your hair has been loved off , and your eyes drop out and you get loose in the joints and very shabby . 
  but these things do n't matter at all , because once you are real you ca n't be ugly , except to people who do n't understand . '', 
  - [ the velveteen rabbit ] ( http://digital.library.upenn.edu/women/williams/rabbit/rabbit.html ) . 
  makes me cry whenever i read it , or think about it to much . 
  seriously ? 
  my grandmother , who was skinny af , with more medical problems then i could count , insisted to wash her hair and curl it and sit ready in her fur coat every time the ambulance came to get her . 
  we could talk her out of the hair wash as long as we made it look decent , but the fur coat was a must . 
  my grandmother made me and my sister clean her house the day before the cleaning lady came . 
  because she could n't let anyone see her house being dirty . 
  i started making dinner and not just buy something to heat up or getting take out . 
  that combined with bringing lunch to work and not relying on the less then healthy options there . 
  it 's a lot cheaper as well . 
  [ pretty much ] ( http://greatist.com/fitness/runners-guide-prevent-treat-blisters ), 
  finally some numbers !, 
  she ran 3 miles with blisters , after 2 miles ( first couple of miles ) where she did n't have blisters . 
  so 5 miles , which is 8 km . 
  and with a decent spice rack it 's not even going to be boring . 
  it looks amazing !,
