  i 'll check him out . 
  these all look great , love myself some good full cast . 
  usually on my phone while going places or before i go to sleep ( instead of reading a book ) . 
  so...30-60 minutes a day , but not all days . 
  i just do it . 
  seriously , contacted lions and got a box filled with books for free , then i threw out all the old books and put in the new ones . 
  took over a week before anyone i worked with mentioned the new books and no one cared enough to find out who did it . 
  so he was mad because someone said out loud what the quaran states ? 
  [ pbs newshour ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/pbsnewshour ) on youtube have the hearings up , and his responses are , in my opinion , great . 
  [ upon hearing of his nomination , the scotusblog offered praise : `` gorsuch 's opinions are exceptionally clear and routinely entertaining ; he is an unusual pleasure to read , and it is always plain exactly what he thinks and why . 
  like scalia , gorsuch also seems to have a set of judicial/ideological commitments apart from his personal policy preferences that drive his decision-making . '', 
  ] ( http://www.biography.com/news/neil-gorsuch-biography-facts-on-the-issues ), 
  it does n't really make sense when christians do it either . 
  but while the westboro 's have to dig a little to find their rationalizations , the quaran is pretty clear on the killing jews portion . 
  like , it 's a message that is repeated again and again . 
  that and we have medications that prevent or delay a host of other illnesses , so instead of dying from heart failure or pneumonia we live long enough to die from the cancer that in olden times would n't have had time to develop . 
  it looked worse then it sounded . 
  if your cat/dog/iguana is `` your baby '' , then you are a questionable pet owner . 
  if your pet is overweight , and you 're not working to correct it , then you are a bad pet owner . 
  late fatlogic happening right now . 
  a co-worker is retiring , so i made the simplest cake i knew at work in the 30 minutes she was out as a surprise . 
  it 's a delicious cake , and i made it with my obese and diabetic other co-worker in mind . 
  it 's a simple rolled oats bake . 
  we 're eating it now , and the obese co-worker is obsessed with the idea that it 's healthy . 
  do n't get me wrong , it 's not terribly unhealthy , but it 's not something i 'd ever describe as healthy . 
  and now i 'm sitting here , music on high and pretend i 'm doing something important on my phone while the others discuss american health care . 
  edit : i took of my earbuds in time to hear fatlogic . 
  we need sugar in our diet , specifically refined sugar , diabetes have nothing to do with diet it 's all genetics , muslim feed their children a teaspoon of honey a day so that they become smart . 
  sometimes it 's easier to just do it , and learn while you knit . 
  pretty simple , and you can change it up and replace pretty much all the ingredients . 
  in a bowl mix 2 cups rolled oats , 1 tsp bakingpowder , 2 tbs brown sugar , whatever spices you want ( i usually just use cinnamon , since that 's what i have at hand ), 
  in another bowl mix 2 eggs , 2 cups milk , 1 tbs of melted butter, 
  take your cake form , use a little butter and cover the inside of the form . 
  dump 1 cup of fruit/berries evenly into the form . 
  take the dry mix and sprinkle it over , then pour the wet mix over , then another cup of fruit/berries . 
  sprinkle some shaved almonds over . 
  bake at 200 * c for 45ish minutes , or until a knife comes out clean . 
  sprinkle some good honey , never cheap out on your honey , over it and let it cool for 10 minutes before serving . 
  to be fair to peta they take in a lot of animals that other shelters do n't , both sick and with behavioural issues . 
  they do n't do it for shit and giggles . 
  i forgot i was on reddit there for a second . 
  i have no love for peta , but this is n't one of my problems with them . 
  if i could skip eating , i 'd have much more money to buy yarn !, 
  i guess i 'd need to buy some multi vitamins every now and then . 
  but still . 
  much . 
  yarn . 
  so pretty !, 
  i 'm not laughing at you , i 'm laughing with you . 
  according to tyra banks , models ca n't just be pretty , they have to have something that makes them different from everyone else . 
  a mole , a crocked tooth , looking strange . 
  there has to be something . 
  as you can guess , all my knowledge about models comes from watching antm , so you 're probably right . 
  but , really , yours is prettier !, 
  this is why i subscribe to the ` death of the author ' reading of a text . 
  i really do n't care what rowling thinks , or feel about * anything * , let alone her own text . 
  i argue this on reddit more then i probably should , and it always gets down voted . 
  your interpretation is right , i am not saying we should kill rowling . 
  but people seem to have strong opinions about the authors ownership of their work and the interpretation of it . 
  and the medical properties are questionable at best . 
  there 's a lot of quacks trying to sell hemp oil as a cancer cure . 
  i did n't mean to say that , there are a few areas that have positive results from studies , mostly associated with nausea . 
  but it 's not the cure all that some claim it is . 
  even that is quite the reach . 
  my cousin loved to wear dresses and play with the girls . 
  then he grew out of it . 
  my nephew loves frozen , wears the elsa dress everywhere , , he also loves cars and sharks . 
  sometimes children are just strange . 
  i love the colour !, 
  it 's just the right shade of pink , just bubblegummy enough . 
  now i get why japan insist on killing them , they are fighting rape culture . 
  mulan is being planned , by not only disney , but by sony as well . 
  that and there 's a [ 2009 version ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1308138/ ) already . 
  serious question ; how much food do you need racing ? 
  i 've only done a few half marathons ( in a jogging pace , so not all that impressive ) , and done it with 1/2 -1 liter of water , a few squares of the halfway chocolate , and maybe a gel pack if i feel nauseous . 
  for my runs , i only bring water , but they are 10-13 km at the most . 
  good luck , hopefully doctors wont hunt you down like they do the others who see the truth, 
  boiling eggs is science of the highest order . 
  it depends on altitude , egg size and a host of other things . 
  i live close to the ocean , so i boil for 6 minutes to get a medium boiled egg . 
  but it 's trial and error until you get it right . 
  i 'm blaming the second of thinking this is real on having been awake for 20 hours . 
  going to bed now . 
  i 've sorted through clothing for charity . 
  there 's so much that should have been thrown away , and not given to us to throw away . 
  i 've volunteered with a charity that sends clothing and toys to ukraine . 
  so this might just roughly fit with what you 're after . 
  generally , we do n't throw out much , but any holes or filthy/funny smells is out ( there 's not capacity or money to have it cleaned ) , no used underwear ( although new underwear is always appreciated ! ) . 
  think about where you 're sending it , and who will be getting it . 
  for the outdated , or no longer in fashion , again , it depends on what it is , a warm swaeter is a warm sweater , but if it 's something you would n't be caught dead in , then maybe it 's more suitable for thrift stores ? 
  so much this . 
  and so many wedding dresses , old wedding dresses that you need to specialize in to sell . 
  we have a limited amount of room , and other then the basics , it 's just not practical to send things . 
  but there 's a few people we shift things to , other charities or resellers who go through what we ca n't use . 
  for specialiced charities , sure , but to someone who go for the basics ? 
  in second hand you want things that go out quickly , and wedding dresses just do n't . 
  um ... hide your knives and scissors . 
  maybe go see a doctor for the problem ? 
  honestly , as long as your presenting as male , you will be treated like a man . 
  dress conservatively and tell them you 've converted to mormonism ?
