  i 've always been an optimist !, 
  throw in a multivitamin and you 're good . 
  so ... half the plot of the martian ? 
  my experience ? 
  speak whatever language you are most comfortable with . 
  tell them you 're learning norwegian . 
  i know people who does n't speak a word of norwegian , and limited english and still got a job bartending . 
  that 's summer weather ... 
  two years ago i was fatshamed by my doctor . 
  i went in because my breathing was really bad , and my asthma medications were n't dealing with it . 
  i went in thinking she would send me for more tests . 
  instead she told me that it might help with some exercise and to lose a little weight . 
  i was so angry . 
  and then i realized she might have been right , so i looked into diet and ended up downloading mfp and bought a pilates dvd and some running shoes . 
  turns out meg doctor was n't fatshaming me , she was giving me sensible medical advice . 
  to be fair , this makes more sense then who most anti-stratfordians think wrote the works of shakespeare . 
  well that 's just the kind of petty i 'd expected both from bemoaners , and harry potter fanatics . 
  og ingen linker til studier , bare vage brev . 
  that and they made an episode about how spiders are our friends . 
  it got banned in australia . 
  and strange claymation shorts from eastern europe . 
  at least it is n't as boring ad paw patrol . 
  that sounds ... amazing . 
  i remember reading a christian stargate atlantis rewrite once . 
  it was , well , there was less gay sex then most stories in the fandom , but even more sheppard whump , now with christ imagery . 
  i love to cry when i read , so bring on the emotional manipulation . 
  but there 's been a lot of stories i could only read up to a point because the author did n't know when to * end * the suffering/angst . 
  it just keeps going and going with no resolution and becomes more and more extreme . 
  sure , i like stories that looks closer on the dursleys treatment of harry , and how abusive it was . 
  but some of these authors take it to the extreme , thinking that unless he 's horribly scarred he was n't abused . 
  there was an article written by the mother of a boy who had attempted suicide in the past and his reaction to the series . 
  she wrote that she found him watching the show and watched the last few episodes with him and was horrified . 
  then they talked about the show , and his take away was just what you say , damaged people might as well kill thwmselves because they ca n't be saved . 
  that is n't really true . 
  read a marketing report that said people did exactly that for the bigger shows , join to watch the season then unsubscribe , hbohave a similar problem ) . 
  one of the reasons netflix did n't do as well last quarter was because house of cards did n't come out . 
  your not the only one . 
  nope . 
  buy a car cooler if you can find it second hand or cheap . 
  i have a friend who was bullied by her teacher in primary school . 
  not to this extent , but still . 
  the teacher just did n't like her . 
  she was a strange child with anxiety and a little ocd ` ish . 
  the teahcer did n't like her and made mean remarks to her , the other students picked up on it and bullied her relentlessly , which her teacher ignored . 
  to top it of her parents did n't believe her . 
  a week ago i went on an online shopping spree from zara . 
  and , most of the clothing were aspirational . 
  something i 'd wear when those last 10 kg were gone . 
  and everything fit , or was slightly to big . 
  it is . 
  and it does n't take much for categories to disappear . 
  not only that , but it made me doubt if rachel bloom was ever good to begin with . 
  yes . 
  i got rid of a bunch of books and movies that i thought i 'd never miss . 
  did n't work out that way . 
  i 'm scared of decluttering the kitchen for this very reason . 
  my plan is to make it a long game by take out everything and put it in boxes in the attic . 
  well marked boxes . 
  then i can bring down the things i actually use . 
  i 've already put the mini muffin pans in the give away pile . 
  a tiered system where you can get a smaller portion for a little cheaper would be great . 
  sure , but then you send extra food with the kids . 
  you do n't demand that everyone gets more food because your kids are outliers . 
  i recently started to work in a rehabilitation ward . 
  there 's everything from traffic and fall accidents , to strokes and cancer . 
  and in the two months i 've been there there 's been two obese people , in their 40-50 , with type2 diabetes who have had a leg amputated and have to learn how to walk with prosthetics . 
  sure , we 're all going to die . 
  but i want to go with both my legs . 
  i 've now spent 10 minutes trying to log into my neopets account . 
  no luck . 
  i bet it 's dead , anyhows . 
  donating is a privilege , not a right . 
  seriously , there are so many reasons to not accept donated organs , and again so few ways you can die so that your eligible . 
  does this read like trolling to anyone else ? 
  thank phillyd for that . 
  i 've been binge watching the walking dead , so my thoughts went a little more messy . 
  you also need to start selling supplements, 
  an interesting take on it . 
  it might not be , but the e-mail account i used when i was 14 is . 
  and i 'm to old to remember the complicated password system i used back then . 
  to be a whippersnapper again . 
  i know , right ? 
  only white people would do something [ so terrible ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/rotherham_child_sexual_exploitation_scandal ), 
  i 've worked in female dominated workplaces for over 10 years now . 
  and as a woman i can tell you that women in general are a bunch of backtalking , gossiping , talk about problems instead of solving them witches . 
  i include myself in that assesment , even though i try to break out of it when i catch myself . 
  i have n't worked anywhere majority male . 
  yes i am exagerating a bit , but you caught me on the bus home from a terrible day at work . 
  the few handfuls men i 've worked with have , with some exeptions , been great at one thing . 
  when there 's a problem they talk to you directly . 
  none of this talk behind your back about it for a week until you hear about the problem from someone else . 
  i do n't think so . 
  because the times men have had issues with something i 've done they have told me directly and we 've solved it , this happens with women as well , but more often then not we go complain to other women about the problem instead . 
  i think you 're on to something . 
  she could get down to the overweight category and still feel so much better . 
  i did n't know how restrictive meg body was until i lost some weight . 
  i still hover in the upper end of normal , but everything is just so easier . 
  as a side ; cats ca n't do this , which is why even a few days without food can be deadly . 
  i am so glad i did n't know about fa when i was obese and my mothers way of dealing with it was a mix between yelling at me and calling me fat , and trying to pay me to lose weight . 
  i was going to do a 4-5 hour hike after work tomorrow , because the weather is goegeous and my nezt day of is 1,5 weeks from now .
