  i got the book at midnight , and i hated the book . 
  never picked up a hp book since . 
  i get what you 're saying about twilight , and i 'm not defending it . 
  except perhaps a little . 
  it is what it says it is , it 's a book written for tweens , that unexpectedly became popular . 
  looking back at the books i read as a tween many of them are just as bad , and some worse . 
  so i get why you stopped reading , and i 'm not faulting you for it ( because it is horribly written ) . 
  dan brown should be locked in a cell and forced to listen to his books on repeat until he tears his ears of . 
  is insurgent the second or third book ? 
  because the only reason why i did n't chuck the second book out the window was because i was listening to it on audiobook , and a new phone was n't in my budget . 
  the first book had it 's flaws , but it was still interesting . 
  that is a creepy book . 
  but i 'm glad i finished it . 
  i have n't read that one . 
  will give it a try . 
  i managed to keep it to under an hour , so your fine . 
  thank you . 
  really ? 
  i did n't end up reading the last book , because i might have turned into the hulk if i 'd tried . 
  but i really thought they left the city . 
  i read my share of roald dahl in my pre-tween days , but when i started making my own choices to a greater degree there was a lot of terrible books . 
  and a lot of terrible books about vampires that i ca n't even remember the name 's of . 
  that 's one of them . 
  we tend to forget , or have a positive view on the terrible books we read in our own youth . 
  i do n't . 
  then again the game i play the most is sims , so getting back to see what shenanigans my people have come up with while i 'm gone is just part of the fun . 
  i love the movie adaptation of runaway jury , so i 've been a little apprehensive of reading it . 
  but i do have it in my bookshelf . 
  what kind of collection do you have ? 
  i do it all the time when i try to get full walls and miss . 
  it follows , horror . 
  it 's the nostalgia . 
  by the way , did you know that the first kindergarten cop made $ 200million on a $ 15million budget ? 
  i guess that 's why they are remaking it , it 's a property that have made them money in the past . 
  i just got a cheap one from the local grocery store . 
  wait , you do n't use butter on sandwiches in the us ? 
  my guess as well . 
  did the studio push for her to be nominated ? 
  i do n't understand what happened in this episode . 
  was he framed ? 
  what 's all this talk about enemies ? 
  why do benson feel sorry for him ? 
  i agree , i hated the story arch with the daughter who 's bi-polar . 
  skipped it . 
  i pretty much skip all crossover episodes . 
  who framed him ? 
  or is this not spoiler area ? 
  thank you !, 
  i think i 'm going to have to watch this episode again at some point , because this all went over my head . 
  this has the potential to be beyond terrible . 
  this looks so good . 
  i really need to up my building skills . 
  i 'm not , but i do have a vpn !, 
  is it s technical good book ? 
  does it resolve it 's own plot in a good way ? 
  did you get something from the book ? 
  no need to go into specifics . 
  are the characters well written ? 
  i think we have the same father ... 
  they 've got baby friendly screenings at my local cinema , the lights are on dimmed and the sound is lower . 
  they also have screenings for the elderly . 
  thank you !, 
  it 'd on netflix ? 
  that is good news !, 
  this movie is more then a little disingenuous . 
  i 'm thinking the price is more like the price of a few beers and possibly a lady with some nice tits paying attention . 
  that terrible tron sequel that came out a few years ago . 
  thank you !, 
  the plot synopsis sounds terrifying . 
  that is adorable !, 
  super stilig !, 
  a single man . 
  now i 'm kind of sad that i do n't live in utah ... thai snacks are delicious . 
  i-ve seen the magician a few times in the gallery . 
  i sent from norway to the us and used tracking for the first time , it weighed 2 kg and i payed about $ 30 . 
  without tracking it would have been $ 15, 
  agree, 
  this is epic . 
  i want to do this now . 
  oh . . mine is still on the wrong side of the atlantic ocean , so it 's going to be a while, 
  kudos for your package leaving russia !, 
  i do n't torrent . 
  was using it for netflix . 
  if you do n't like , do n't watch . 
  i 've started generation 1 , with generation 2 on the way !, 
  so i did as the it crowd have taught us and turned it off and on again , well i did that and it did n't work , then i uninstalled and installed again . 
  and it 's working !, 
  i 've had that problem as well , it 's a good chance you ca n't . 
  check different sellers , not everyone will send out of country . 
  mine are toddlers , got some great traits and the father is really pretty , so hoping for some improvements . 
  i 've started one , but it 's in sims 3 . 
  we are on the same page , and recently i 've been updating to the ` all in one ' option as soon as i have the money . 
  talk to your doctor . 
  looking awesome !, 
  i 'm working on my skills , and seeing people getting better makes me happy !, 
  i 'd recommend reading a book or watching a documentary about the conditions in the ghettos . 
  life was n't worth anything , and this was n't the first or the last child to die in the streets . 
  we ca n't see who is standing behind the photographer , but by the way they quickly walk past , looking down at the ground i 'm guessing it was n't anything positive . 
  most likely the photography was a nazi himself or at the very least wearing the uniform . 
  in this instance my guess is that the photographer is a nazi , but i did read an interesting interview with the photographer who took the picture with the boy and the vulture where he said something like ` if we do n't show the world , then no one will see it ' .
