  the only part i did n't run was the first three minutes of the 3rd run because it started at an incline and i kind of needed to save my energy . 
  which was a good thing , because at the end i felt like i would die . 
  in the end i got 6,26 km , the fastest km was during the 10 min free run at 6:30 min/km , and the slowest was the one that included the squats at 11:13 min/km . 
  you rock !, 
  i 'm listening to the [ tron legacy ost ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b8oelzmpgzo&amp;list=pl7f37bb1a67e0238d ) right now . 
  daft punk has me running !, 
  the first few weeks i psyched myself out when i saw how much more running there would be for the next week . 
  my solution was to stop checking , going in blind for the first run of the week . 
  that way i did n't have time to be nervous . 
  i gain 2-4 lbs a day or two before and then the weight goes away overnight as soon as the period is over . 
  i get noticeable thicker around my buttocks/thighs . 
  the change i have noticed is that my period is n't as painful as it used to be , i would have terrible back pain for an entire week , but now my period takes me by surprise most of the time . 
  on top of that there 's also a lot less blood . 
  i 'm right there with the shorter and less painful !, 
  can i just say that your wedding dress looks amazing !, 
  that and you turned out to have a gorgeous face , and that sounds a little mean , you were pretty before as well !, 
  this was my biggest bit of fatlogic . 
  the idea that a little amount of food would not fill me up . 
  and that if i was even a little hungry i had to eat a whole meal . 
  good luck with that !, 
  i had a similar problem . 
  i had a red bull at 1800 and was wide awake until way to late . 
  yeah , it was so strange , going from barely doing 3 minutes to 10 . 
  it 's incredible . 
  i 'm going to ignore this crazy shit and go watch some rick & morty now . 
  because if i do n't i might just go on a killing spree . 
  i was right where you are , then i gained 10 kg , and working on losing it again , but this time i 'm not just doing calorie deficit i 've added pilates and running as well , i 've got 5 kg to go but already feel so much better about my body then i did . 
  i confess i gave up on season 19 . 
  i had no idea what they were on about , and no interest in finding out . 
  it 's been raining . 
  and i can run in a little rain , no problem . 
  but it 's been * raining * , as in flooded roads and wet to the bones , all damn summer . 
  i 'm just starting week 6 , and it 's taken me since the middle of june to get this far . 
  i might have missed it , but does it say why the course was nixed ? 
  i 've signed up for both !, 
  love zero credit !, 
  my thoughts exactly . 
  the trailer seems like two movies stitched together so that women can take their boyfriends to see a space adventure ( with some romance ) and men can take their girlfriends to see a love story ( in space ) . 
  thing is , this is n't the end . 
  it 's all a work in progress . 
  you did it , you followed the program for 8 weeks , is your time amazing ? 
  but you kept at it for the entire time . 
  what you do now is up to you , you can find another activity that you like more , or you can stick to running and try to push yourself a little and in time get better . 
  thank you for representing scandinavia . 
  run , jog , who cares !, 
  we are awesome !, 
  it 's on youtube, 
  i love this story !, 
  looks good !, 
  do you throw them in the freezer ? 
  how do you thaw them out without them getting mushy ? 
  personally ? 
  i portion it out and put it in the freezer , then i take it out the night before or in the morning . 
  but there 's probably better ways . 
  that is adorable . 
  i love the texture of the fur !, 
  that looks so pretty !, 
  and reminds me it 's time to start making hats !, 
  any other pro tips ? 
  like what do you wear ? 
  my biggest problem is n't gettind wet , it 's that i start freezing . 
  any tips to how to keep warm ? 
  i take the train 8km away and run back , so once i 'm running there 's no other way to get home except keep running . 
  it 's what the * author * meant , the poster just want to eat an entire box of oreo cookies and feel like they 've made the right choice for their mental health and wellbeing . 
  so they taste like horse ? 
  personally , i 'd love to gift to an infant !, 
  but maybe have some information about you or at least a wishlist so that people who do n't know so much about small children can have some options . 
  waiting for americans to wake up is the worst part of any exchange ... 
  i 'm an hour away from going to bed . 
  but have fun !, 
  actually , there is quite a few throughout history . 
  there 's bernini 's rape of proserpina . 
  in fact , prosperina have a lot or rape paintings and sculptures . 
  but then it 's a well known story . 
  the rape of lucretia is a shakespeare poem that 's inspired paintings and an opera . 
  this explains so much !, 
  the same here . 
  week 6 was when i really started to run . 
  my mind went to knitting , or crochet at once . 
  seriously , i have the perfect pattern for a elsa doll and no one to make it for !, 
  a solution for this would be an armband with name , destination , parents name and contact info . 
  an armband that is inspected , or even scanned at several steps on the way onboard . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's a friends episode where joey and that other guy forgets a baby on the bus and then take home the wrong one . 
  or sequel to that jody foster movie where aliens stole her child from a plane . 
  i copy all information into evernote , then send a message to giftee so they have a way of contacting me . 
  then i go to sleep , because it 's really late and i 'm tired . 
  i 'm in the same boat , that and i 'm 99 % sure they do n't understand english . 
  again . 
  so , yeah !, 
  i 'm of to look for shipping restrictions for russia . 
  so ... both my disney and t&t giftee was shafted in the last exchange , and i 'm kinda feeling a little pressure to make this exchange awesome for them . 
  but some questions : why did i get shafted giftees ? 
  is this a message that comes with everyone who did n't get a gift for the last exchange ? 
  trust me , i 've had a giftee who made a long text that they translated with google . 
  it was ... adorable , but made no fucking sense whatsoever . 
  luckily it 's the trick & treat one so a bunch of candy it is !, 
  the same to you . 
  planning on making a crochet bat !, 
  awesome !, 
  slowrunners of the world unite !,
