  dieting your child and calling it a diet is bad parenting . 
  kids need to learn what a good diet is without having it seen as a punishment . 
  i 'm going to have to read this rant for context , except i really do n't think i have the strength . 
  depends where i get it . 
  ok coffee places like starbucks i 'll get a small latte . 
  at good coffee places i 'll get an espresso . 
  at work or at my grandmother ( both have horrible coffee ) i 'll add 2 sugars and 2 packs of milk powder . 
  pretty much everywhere else i 'll just have black coffee . 
  it 's said that only 5 % of alcoholics who quit manage to stay sober as well . 
  maybe it 's something with addiction , or maybe it 's something about bs statistics . 
  pretty much what i wanted to say . 
  and i think this is a repost . 
  and mistake those chicken breasts with fish . 
  that is the worst part here . 
  although i read a really interesting article , about the rise of chronic illnesses in america , that among others pointed to quality of food . 
  sure you can see pictures of skinny women everywhere , but there 's also pretty broad consensus that those models on the billboards are a ) photoshopped beyond recognition b ) not actually healthy . 
  in addition cats are predators , and a real danger for local small animals . 
  most likely gus has experienced food insecurity early in life and his brain is wired to ` eat all the foods when available ' . 
  and most of the ` chubby ' babies lose the weight once they become more active and gets to the toddler stage . 
  hm ... what kind of sci-fi do you like ? 
  do you go for things set on earth , in space , or another planet ? 
  are you into alternative history ? 
  do you want great space battles , or technology ? 
  the three-body problem by liu cixin, 
  first fifteen lives of harry august by claire north, 
  hm ... hitchikers guide to the glaxy has the humour , space and short chapter ... although it 's more absurd then the martian . 
  ripper , by michael slade, 
  - this is at times more gore then horror , but it scared me so much i could n't read it at before bed . 
  the count of eleven , by ramsey cambell, 
  - because we 've all gotten a chain letter and thrown it away . 
  ken follett has a few books , like ` eye of the needle ' . 
  he has quite a few spy books . 
  they are actors , getting paid to say lines and emote . 
  by not actually having an inch be an inch . 
  nod and smile . 
  nod and smile . 
  because it really is n't worth getting into an argument that might leave co-workers with a negative picture of you and your ability to ` play with others ' . 
  nod and smile and know that those bitches are wrong . 
  this !, 
  i 'm eating more now then i did when i was 20 kg heavier . 
  the difference is that i cook my own meals and do n't smother everything i eat in cheese . 
  wow ... i walk home from work sometimes , it 's a little over 5k and i take less time then that and that 's me just walking while listening to audio-books . 
  so eating gitmo style ? 
  it 's been a while since i watched this , but i remember that there was an immigrant there talking about how much weight he gained after coming to australia . 
  this , i 'm smack down the middle of a normal bmi range . 
  but no , i 've become so skinny and i should stop losing weight now before it becomes a problem . 
  longbourn , by jo baker . 
  it 's a retelling of pride & prejudice from the servants pov . 
  kind of . 
  it 's fun , and an easy read . 
  although do not read this and expect 1 ) historical accuracy 2 ) as good writing as austen . 
  but it 's a fun read . 
  or drink coffee ( or pretty much any other agricultural product ) because it was tended to and picked by children living under slavery conditions ? 
  i see traces of it in all the books . 
  but it does increase by increments , so read up until the religious crazy ( or the hitler in space thing ) becomes to obvious for you , which for me was about halfway into book 2 . 
  it is n't . 
  they will test lung capacity , and a few other tests that go for lung function , but you ca n't see asthma on a ct. 
  i ended up with a sub dedicated to cocaine . 
  i now know the difference in experience if you chose to shoot , snort or smoke cocaine . 
  the more you know . 
  the same people who made this video made one where they put a guy in a fat suit . 
  the girls were generally nice to him . 
  oh ... i 'm going to go against the chorus . 
  i like the concept of the books better then the execution . 
  personally i really do n't like harris writing style . 
  it just read clunky to me . 
  i got through path of daggers . 
  you did not miss out on anything . 
  i think i spent most of the book yelling ` get on with the plot already ! ', 
  over and over again . 
  i 've heard the last three books are good , but the person who told me this also enjoyed the horrible middle books , so i 'd take it with a grain of salt . 
  i ended up just reading the summaries from wikipedia and did n't really feel i was missing out on anything . 
  you should read the books in one minute summaries of the books , they are spot on . 
  and being repetitive . 
  do n't forget being repetitive . 
  i mean how many times can someone huff and tug at their braids ? 
  i do n't think i would have minded that the plot did n't really go anywhere if each book had been less then 400 pages . 
  but 800 pages of nothing just became to much . 
  alan and naomi . 
  pretty much the entire book , but the end breaks me every time . 
  my sister does this . 
  it 's one of the reasons why i hate shopping with her , because she does n't even attempt to fold the clothing , no , she just leaves it in a heap . 
  there was an calorie overconsumption category ? 
  i think i sighed and clicked away before i got that far down . 
  i got to industrial solvents . 
  and i mean , sure , if you 're eating nail polish then weight really is n't your biggest problem . 
  my dad is and was a huge british crime fan , so he has most of agatha christies books , although now they are in the attic or in the basement . 
  i read a lot of them as a child , and i stole the ones i loved the most from my dad ( sorry dad , but you 're not reading them anymore ) . 
  i still read one or two around easter . 
  i like poirot books more then miss maple , but the stand alone books are good as well . 
  actually it 's not unheard of to gain weight during ramadan . 
  because when you eat you eat a lot , and they are more sedentary when they fast . 
  a co-worker of mine is trying to avoid gaining weight during ramadan and i 'm telling her to count her calories , and if that is to hard to cut down on the cooking oils ( because omg how much oil she is using ) . 
  so ... my wii is dying . 
  and i 'm thinking about replacing it . 
  should i get the wii-u ? 
  i was really happy with my wii , and you are really selling me on the gamepad here . 
  i 'm going to go for it . 
  and i just found out i can play my old wii games on it , which is a bonus . 
  i think there was more to the story .
