  the positive thing is that i 've recovered a lot of needles i thought was lost forever . 
  the bad thing is that i have about 1000 3.5 mm dpn needles and no idea what to do with them . 
  in my experience the best santas are the 1 credit ones . 
  even in ` tomorrow , when the war began ' the rest of asia did n't go after new zealand . 
  pintrest ... i love the site , but if you accidentally click on one strange pin , now they think you 're an anti-vaxxer who loves juicing . 
  there are bo mistakes , just happy accidents . 
  and umberto eco might not be a household name , but in my opinion he belongs on the list . 
  so that no one will even attempt to make new drugs because there 's no money in it ? 
  you should read ` so you 've been publically shamed ', 
  someone was just celebrating amputee apreciation week . 
  but who decides what medicine get full patents ? 
  what would the criteria be ? 
  i knit the most at work . 
  so ... listening for old people getting out of their beds and waiting for someone who needs help . 
  i did the c25k thing this autumn . 
  i was getting 5k by week 4 , and my final time , after work , in the rain at 2200 was a meh time of 35 minutes . 
  i guess i should sign up for an ironman now . 
  yup , i did the zombie run 5k , which is an extremely beginner friendly c25k . 
  the first week you did n't run for more then 30 seconds at a time outside the free run portions . 
  it took a few weeks to work up to running for 5 minutes . 
  it 's an amazing feeling to finish . 
  what program do you use , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  i really liked the story driven zombie run app , but it was obviously meant for novice runners . 
  i 'm signed up to do a half marathon in june , so i really hope winter ends soon so i can go out running . 
  i do n't as much have a resolution as i have 6 ... um ... resolutions ? 
  - i 'm going cold sheep . 
  - that includes not impulse buying any more knitting books . 
  - i 'm going to finish all my current wips from [ ravelry ] ( http://www.ravelry.com/projects/dugleik ) . 
  - for christmas i gave my mother a monthly ` subscription ' of wrist warmers , one pair a month . 
  so ... i 'm going to be making wrist warmers . 
  fun ones . 
  - finish christmas gifts before november . 
  seriously . 
  - be more inventive , learn to make your own and not be so bound to patterns . 
   pfbf, 
  mind . 
  blown . 
  i did n't even think about this . 
  thank you . 
  thank you !, 
  this is why i should n't be doing this at night , this solution is brilliant and i was so stuck on getting three stitches into one that i had forgotten about yo . 
  it 's essentially knit purl and there 's a decrease on the stitches before and the one after ca n't be used . 
  i work in a nursing home , and every chtistmas and easter there is so much chocolate , mountains of chocolate . 
  they all complain about how much there is , but by the end of january it 's all gone . 
  a little unrelates to this post , but my father used to use punctuation instead of space in his text messages . 
  turns out he did n't know how to get spaces . 
  he 's also the only one i know who spells things with a z instead of s, 
  not just killing them , with all the chewing i 'm thinking they 're violating the geneva convention somehow . 
  seriously , though , this morning they opened a giant box of fancy chocolate , and when i left it was down to 1/4 . 
  at work the general rule is that the food is for the patients . 
  but you can have a small portion of dinner if you 're eating with a patient . 
  and no one says anything if you eat a few bread ends for breakfast , or so i 'm told . 
  so today i was working with a. . . big woman . 
  and as i was cleaning the kitchen after dinner , she came in and took a soup bowl and pretty much filled it with food that obviously was for her . 
  thinking she did n't know the rules i told her , that ` hey , we 're not allowed to eat a full meal here ' . 
  she seemed confused , and she looked at me like i was talking greek , and said she was n't having a full meal , she was only having one potato . 
  and this was less then two hours after we had lunch , and she was shocked when i told her i did n't have any sweetener on my porridge , and she ate a shit ton of cheese and crackers that another co-worker brought with her . 
  that 's about as far as i walk to get to the bus . 
  great work . 
  the only fashionable thing on that list is the seed balls , that is so hipster not even google will tell me what is . 
  but , yeah . 
  i live in a pretty expensive country , and nothing on this list breaks the bank . 
  the guilt ? 
  not healthy . 
  i grew up being told to clean my plate because of starving children in africa . 
  i had to sit at the table until i 'd eaten everything , no matter how long it took , so i learned to shovel food into my mouth as fast as possible so not to feel full before i had finished . 
  what you have to realize is that you leaving food on the plate is n't going to affect poor people in india , or africa . 
  if you feel bad , ask for a box for your left overs , or ask for half a portion to begin with . 
  now i really want to make this for my cousin , who 's name is rikke . 
  you should join the awkward food related trauma club . 
  we have awkward conversations about food , then we sit in restaurants and are awkward . 
  if you want to actually help , you should be advocating for gmo 's and try to go to places and eat food that 's fair trade certified , and protest big companies coming in and using land that could be used to make food for the local population and crow soy for animal feed or to raise cattle for western consumption . 
  and i 'm getting of my soap box now . 
  yeah ... i 'm not going to judge her for it since i 'm a pack mule when it comes to running . 
  water bottle , knitting for the train to my running spot , an extra t-shirt for when i 'm done , asthma medication , wallet , chapstick ... the list goes on . 
  that said , it 's a small bottle of water and i usually only drink a mouthful or two when i 'm done running since i rarely go over 6 km . 
  i thought i recognized the pattern , love the klompelompe books . 
  oh ... i immediately started humming the simon & garfunkel song . 
   thousand year old fucking rock in space, 
  um ... i think you have your timeline wrong . 
  you should add more then a few zeros at the end there . 
  like maybe 6 . 
  cnn : we still do n't know the motivation for this heinous crime , but conservative christians should take this time to reflect on their bigoted opinions on gay marriage . 
  i did n't want to make it too complicated . 
  i have a co worker like this . 
  i want to shake her and tell her that of course she 's going to lose weight when she is n't eating 1/2 pound of cheese every day . 
  [ the girl with all the gifts ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_girl_with_all_the_gifts ) . 
  great book adapted to a great movie . 
  that 's the best kind of sci fi . 
  the hat was gorgeous in the thumbnail , and even better when i saw the details . 
  fuck me with a hammer , that was painful to watch . 
  what does he mean , where 's the parents ? 
  the men were 18 , not 8 . 
  edit : and that bitch using this crime as an excuse to bring up white nationalists . 
  i take it back , fuck her with a hammer . 
  getting more and more obvious the us dodged a bullet with that one . 
  i 'm sorry for triggering you , do you know where your closest safe space is ? 
  anecdotal baby sitting story : i used to babysit two kids , usually in the evenings and until pretty late ( like 2-3 am ) , i always got payed by the mother and got around $ 20 , and got sent home . 
  but the few times it was just the father who was home and went out , he usually got home at 5 am , i got at least $ 50 for it , and i always got drunken breakfast out of the deal . 
  tell that to van gogh .
