  i miss christian . 
  that season was just fun . 
  although nothing beats season 2 and santino . 
  or the entirety of season 9 . 
  or christopher palu . 
  i might be a little to obsessed with that show . 
  you should look up the blog from the woman who made the food . 
  i thought antm was cancelled ? 
  and she is talking about hips , at a time when she was going through puberty , so she might just have wide hips . 
  we 've all been there . 
  i did . 
  there 's 14 pages of cats . 
  of ... varying quality . 
  i was just wondering if anyone had made one they like . 
  it looks so soft !, 
  they are adorable !, 
  and i have to agree about the eyes . 
  i saw that kelly osbourne would be a judge and noped it with no further thought . 
  but i might check it out for christian . 
  i did n't consciously choose to be fat . 
  i did that with my actions , eating to much food , not being active , and not finding out what i was doing wrong . 
  this made me laugh . 
  hysterically . 
  for over a minute . 
  paw patrol really is the devil . 
  my nephew is four and obsessed with the show , and he knows how to find it on the ipad . 
  then call it something else . 
  or is one of the women ocean 's cousin ? 
  never mind , that souds idiotic as well . 
  the sister that he never mentioned ? 
  will there at least be a cameo to pass the torch ? 
  i was 14 when george clooney remade ocean 's 11 . 
  i barely knew who sinatra was , and cared even less . 
  my dad was a bit upset that they remade it , and made me watch the original . 
  but sinatras oceans 11 came out in 1960 , and was remade in 2001 . 
  it was n't a well known franchise anymore . 
  but for this new chapter they need to have a little more tying the movies together , like cameo by cast , or they need to change the name . 
  that 's some good news , at least . 
  it would be better if clooney made an appearance , but at least they are trying . 
  did you just assume your wife 's gender ? 
  i mean , i just wear a long sleeved wool sweater , but sure , you do you . 
  i came here to ask about the cuffs . 
  i love them . 
  so simple , and so impactful . 
  all these finished sweaters inspire me !, 
  i love the sleeves . 
  yes , but it could also be a blood pressure issue . 
  it certainty is something you should tell your doctor about . 
  happy meals are delicious . 
  and the only way to get a 4 pack of chicken nuggets . 
  that and an awesome toy . 
  who has two thumbs and somehow managed to contract noro virus twice in less then a month ? 
  this fucking idiot , that 's who . 
  since we 're already tmiing , and i 'm home because of noro virus ... 
  what works for me is prunes . 
  there 's also these ficus/prune dices i get at health food shops . 
  makes me poop like a champion . 
  if it 's really a problem you can buy this sugars yrup concoction that works marvels . 
  um ... how much pasta did you eat ? 
  a harsh truth . 
  but something we all need to hear . 
  r/frugal and r/eatcheapandhealthy are great as well , even if frugal can be a little ... eccentric at times . 
  my goal for this month is to start running again . 
  the weather is clearing up , well it 's warmer and rainy , instead of cold and rainy , and the days are getting longer so i can run after work . 
  also , get my food shopping under control . 
  seriously , i want to have food in the fridge all the time , not just half the time . 
  for me there 's two kinds of crossovers that i read . 
  the ones that makes sense existing in the same universe , and the crack fics that do n't pretend to be anything other then crack . 
  i love criminal minds/supernatural crossovers because i can see them existing in the same universe . 
  and the narratives of both the fandoms blend together . 
  example ; both the winchesters and bau working the same case from different angles , or the bau hunting the winchesters . 
  i 've even read and enjoyed a decent amount of harry potter/avengers stories , where again , elements and characters from both universes . 
  but if it 's just the characters of one fandom stuck in the plot of another ? 
  i do n't see the point . 
  a while ago i read a few chapters of a story where the fellowship of the ring was replaced by the avengers , and it was just ... taking itself way to serious , and the plot seemed forced . 
  i always thought it sounded like something my grandmother would watch , along with heartbeat and derrick in the afternoons , but i 'll give it a try . 
  go to fanfiction.net , search a few of the keywords of the cursed child fic ( like time-travel , and next generation ) and you 'll find better stories written by 14 year old girls . 
  and a bonus , there might actually be some pay-off for the homoerotic subtext . 
  that and some hilarious sex scenes . 
  enjoyed the first book , rage listened to the second , skipped the third and got the ending from wikipedia . 
  when did you give up ? 
  i loved the books , read everything up to and including winters heart . 
  the last 2 books did n't impress me as much , but i still enjoyed it . 
  this was 2001 , and i read all the books in less then 4 months . 
  i bought the next book on the day of release in 2003 , read a few chapters and realized that it was terrible . 
  i bought the first book again when i got a kindle a few years ago , and managed to sludge my way to 38 % , by skimming a lot . 
  was n't his wife the editor ? 
  so much with the side characters . 
  i 'm sorry that i do n't remember the barmaid mentioned once in book 2 , but how could i know she would be an important character in book 9 ? 
  wait , there 's more then one book ? 
  what else was there to say ? 
  [ the 5th wave ] ( https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/16101128-the-5th-wave?ac=1&amp;from_search=true ) , by rick yancey . 
  the first two books were n't amazing . 
  but they were entertaining in their own right . 
  the last book is horrible , and have one of the most confusing sex scenes i 've ever read . 
  huh ... i think i might have read the series . 
  or maybe it 's a common thing ? 
  lure you in with demon sex and then bring you to jesus . 
  i do n't remember what the series i read is called , it 's still on my kindle somewhere . 
  possible unpopular opinion ?
