  some combination of legumes , potato , chicken , and fish usually with a tomato base . 
  ice cream, 
  vanlig praksis for restauranter . 
  barnemeny en er der for at du skal ta med ungene . 
  the best thing is n't here , the best thing is the smug look on his face when he realize how amazing it was . 
  edit : [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5vdzftyi70w ), 
  edit 2 : * content warning * music is cancer , mute or listen at own risk . 
  but is there any evidence that it works , . 
  i say without having presses the link ( because fuck the independent ), 
  depends on how f\u00e5r away the closest hospital is . 
  the local bus company has a fee for picking things up at l\u00f8st and found . 
  that m\u00e5kes the assumption that there was a returm address . 
  do n't tell then you 'll only repair their computer if they suck your dick . 
  generally do n't ask for dates in work related situations . 
  i bergen er det en knarkis som tar feil av hanen og chicken nuggets . 
  be glad it is n't probation and community service . 
  imagine getting her when you call a suicide hotline . 
  that 's just sad . 
  google flatt earth theory and you 'll ser i 'm right . 
  i 'm in a similar situations . 
  a youtube i adored , who made movie reviews , recently had a reviews where she cassually mentioned that she thinks gmos will kill us . 
  i tried to watch a fee og her vids after that , but could n't get through them . 
  but is it gmo free ? 
  a fellow removed one !, 
  removed not born high five !, 
  that 's ... wow . 
  probably kesha on her way to a concert . 
  go ask [ kesha ] ( http://www.cosmopolitan.com/entertainment/news/a18969/kesha-rehab-tweets-teeth/ ), 
  captn cummings fan , are we ? 
  we have ourbasic needs covered , so we 've got time on our hands to destroy western society . 
  jeg husker jeg var vetskremt av flere episoder av `` are you afraid of the dark ? '', 
  verken mor eller far gikk til media . 
  a mix of catbs and protein for me as well , but good carbs . 
  which is why porridge with an egg is the perfect meal for me . 
  put on the spot , i 'd have a hard time remember my own name let alone shakespeare, 
  really ? 
  i thought they were average bordering on bad . 
  how do you define literature ? 
  birthdays in public , removal day in private . 
  because society have not yet accepted the reality of our removal . 
  i was strict . 
  opened all exchanges in tabs and then took two seconds to decide if i wanted to participate before either closing the tab or moving on to the next one . 
  repeat until there was only one left . 
  easy . 
  and by easy , i mean i opened the exchanges shortly after they came up and then spent until now deciding before saying f * it and signing up for two instead of one . 
  ~ ~ that is an actual argument i can get behind . ~ ~, 
  turns out it 's not true . 
  so , not a good argument . 
  reusable bags , and sci-fi . 
  although i was a little sad that the extra gift was us only . 
  but not really . 
  but i might have to stalk the recieved page to see what it is they get . 
  [ rollebyte i debatten ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9yc7-jsr2fk ), 
  good catch . 
  what are you using it for ? 
  i 'd maybe have a nice frame instead , something fancy that you can get cheap second hand . 
  then i would have gone fancy , gold frame . 
  just to break the theme . 
  do you like sci-fi ? 
  if so you 've got nothing to lose . 
  there 's no questions about t ` shirt size , so doubt it 's that . 
  probably something syfy channel related , posters , swag from their shows etc. 
  the embroidery looks amazing , byw . 
  i seem to have forgotten to say that at any point . 
  you ar cheaposexual . 
  welcome to the lettersoup . 
  til, 
  i was obsessed with the food stylist for a while , the feeding hannibal blog was my go to site . 
  the series [ nazi collaborators ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kf9k7ljvjge ) go into some pretty terrible details . 
  i was in the us last week . 
  because of the company i kept i ate so much food , at so many different places . 
  what i 've learned can be summed up in 6 points :, 
  * halo top is both really overrated and delicious . 
  * breakfast all day ? 
  i love america . 
  and denny 's . 
  * your portion sizes are insane . 
  and the food is so cheap . 
  * fast food is shitty everywhere , that includes the us . 
  * there was 4 different kinds of pears at the marked next to the hotel . 
  i could have eaten fruit all week long . 
  * i 've had starbucks all over the world , but this is the first time i got asked if i wanted cream on my latte . 
  i had a day when i ate pancakes for every meal . 
  including snacks , which was the leftover pancakes from the previous meal and a shitton of honey that i bought by the straw at this hippy stall . 
  did n't try that , mostly because it 's not the mascot of / r/1200isplenty, 
  eh ... give episode 1 a chance , but it was a little to cw for my taste . 
  turns out i have a kink . 
  what app is it ? 
  edit : google play wants me to download monefy , is it the same thing ? 
  the learning to let go part is hard , and maybe should n't be done in anger , or because someone else tells you to do it . 
  it took me reading konmari twice before i accepted what i already know . 
  clothing ? 
  just things that cover your body . 
  they do n't contain the memory , the memory is in you . 
  my solution , which konmari would have frowned at , was to have a nice , and not so expensive diary , then take a polaroid of the item and writing down why it was so important to me . 
  it took a long time , and i ended up not doing it for a lot of the items . 
  but for the ones i knew i should let go , but could n't it was a good thing to get to the giving away point . 
  and honestly ? 
  when you lose the weight , and yes it is * when * , you 'll want to find new clothing and not the ones that have so much baggage attached to it . 
  i 've been stalking the tracking page for arbitrary day for days , just looking at it sitting in the post office , not being picked up .
