  i do n't see any problems here ? 
  do n't send fresh produce and meat ? 
  that 's a lot of glass walls ... 
  [ do these look the same ? 
  i do n't know what you 're missing , but i 'm missing it as well ... 
  i 'm going to make an attempt at this when i get home , to see if it 's my bad at math brain that ca n't keep up and it will make more sense when i 'm doing it . 
  there is a chance they did n't get anything . 
  i read an article a while back about how the un peace keepers who were stationed in bosnia were holding up , turns out a lot of them are not . 
  one described how they came to a village , and someone had nailed a grandmother , her daughter and granddaughter to a wall overlooking the village . 
  kinder eggs being illegal in the us . 
  i can play four different kinds of recorders , they are the best . 
  his books are like episodes of csi . 
  i have a collection called reading , there 's currently 9 books in it 2 classics , 4 non-fiction , and 3 fiction . 
  sometimes i want to read different things . 
  there 's a lot of free classics . 
  i usually send to the us , but this time it 's eastern europe , so not sure if it 's going to take longer time or shorter then normal , but it will take a week or two . 
  i usually send my packages as letters , it 's immensely cheaper as long as you keep the gift under a certain weight ( for me 2 kg ) and size . 
  and i 've never had a problem with it getting to my giftee . 
  that is kind of awesome ... did it have to travel far ? 
  this is pretty much why you should have proof of shipping . 
  just remember to take a picture of your package with stamps before mailing , since there is no tracking , just in case the package gets lost . 
  tron reboot/sequel soundtrack . 
  i love the paper !, 
  generations , ambitions for gameplay and items . 
  roaring heights for building stuff . 
  aluna island for cc worlds , even though you did n't ask that is pretty much the world i play most in . 
  [ relevant ? 
  ] ( http://rlv.zcache.com/i_survived_another_meeting_that_should_have_been_a_coaster-r3f69992d060f419983ddf6d9e665d159_ambkq_8byvr_324.jpg ), 
  get into the habit of of saving every time the sims sleep . 
  i 'm going back to ts3 all the time , but i really do like how much easier building is in ts4 . 
  it 's intuitive and you can make bigger changes with little effort . 
  it 's the soundtrack i listen to the most . 
  that and the ost for battlestar galactica . 
  i 've started to avoid the endless supply of trilogies that could just as easily have been a single book , for that very reason . 
  there 's so much padding , and then there 's trying to cram in a cliffhanger ending that makes the reader want to get the next book . 
  so sometimes 1/4 of the book ends up as just being useless to the story . 
  i threw away book 5 or 6 in frustration because i felt like i was reading the same book over and over with slightly different characters and some different plot elements . 
  and that women have arms and breasts and like to cross their arms over their chest and then pull their braids . 
  and for fucks sake egwene either attack tar valon or do n't just stop talking about it !, 
  perrin , save your annoying wife already . 
  yes , winters heart was the last wot book i read , how did you know ? 
  who was aveinda again ? 
  that was my first big problem with the book , way to many characters you were supposed to know and care about . 
  i 'm thinking about picking up the last books , because i really want to know how it ends . 
  my problem is i 've forgotten so much of the plot and reading all the books again is not an option . 
  the sword stances that got sillier and sillier names . 
  zen and the art of motorcycle maintenance , or whatever it was called . 
  i was recommended it by everyone and their mother , and i could barely get past the first 50 pages before i `` forgot '' it somewhere . 
  there were wrong words used . 
  i got what the author was trying to say in context , but still . 
  wrong word . 
  hm ... i might give it a shot . 
  ** let the right one in ** there is so much going on in the book and the more you think about the implications of the story the more depressing it becomes . 
  i use crane flies over your head and poops all over to block your cat crosses the courtyard and then attack with monkey masturbates with an angry cat . 
  i will defeat you . 
  as i lie dazzled in the mud the only thing that makes me get up is the thought of the three women that are eager to pet the dragon , to watch it be reborn . 
  and then i raise my sword and swish it around , following the stansas of pregnant cow eating babies i make my last stand . 
  i hate it when books that are presented as scientific start with pissing on the idea of science . 
  here 's the thing , i read a lot of harlequin books . 
  no one reads the books thinking they are great literary masterpieces . 
  for me it 's books to read at 4 am when things are quiet at work . 
  if my book had admitted that it was a trashy book , i would n't hae minded . 
  it 's the lie that gets to me . 
  pretty much every book by that author is the same , down to the concept of taking characters that are in the public domain and creating a new and edgy backstory . 
  you know what that is called ? 
  it 's fanfiction . 
  and there 's good fanfiction , and there 's bad fanfiction . 
  but no matter how great it is it 's still people who could n't come up with concepts for original stories . 
  i always get fooled by his books , mostly because i do n't remember his name . 
  i could never get into got either , but i 'm giving it a slight pass because it 's a genre book in a genre that i do n't really like . 
  [ i totally get what you 're saying ] ( http://imgur.com/zkltxzx ), 
  i have n't actually checked out what it is yet , the e-mail was very vague on the details . 
  not sure if i 'll use it . 
  i love the colours . 
  and the stitch . 
  my condolences to your windows , i assume you threw the book at it in rage . 
  rational me knows this . 
  3 am me have no impulse controll . 
  edit : i upvoted you for sanity . 
  i actually think that was what i was trying to do . 
  but then deleted everything instead . 
  good idea . 
  i just have nraas in a folder right now , was trying to think of how to sort things . 
  i think it 's a little to specific right now , they seem to be focusing on fewer and broader exchanges . 
  but i would love a yarn exchange ... 
  i 'm thinking this is more of a april 1 . thing . 
  it 's a documentary about the rothschilds . 
  but to be honest it 's less a documentary then it 's a guy finding pictures on google and then talking over it while playing his favourite tunes . 
  something something jews run the world . 
  i knew it . 
  no problem !, 
  that makes going to the hospital for the baby worth it !, 
  that is gorgeous !, 
  i did some not so subtle hinting for yarn in the colour exchange . 
  did n't get it , because my santa found something even greater . 
  you should make a colouring book . 
  wow ... that is brilliant !, 
  watch a few minutes and you 'll realize that it is just boring . 
  that makes sense . 
  nice ...
