  yes . 
  it would be , but she has all but told me as much . 
  i did n't say it was ? 
  speculating here , but i 'd look at the advertising and what other movies were out at the time . 
  what are her interests ? 
  break up then get together again ? 
  that is lovely !, 
  i could n't even find your design element , and i was looking for a while !, 
  i got to book 6 or maybe 7 , i honestly ca n't remember anymore . 
  but in my defense i was 15 and thought it was all very profound . 
  bummer . 
  the documentary ` best of enemies ' is about the '68 election , or more specifically the debates between buckley and vidal about the conventions . 
  anytime he has to do an accent , or do serious acting he is kind of terrible . 
  and in constantine . 
  sofia coppola in the goodfather iii, 
  i 'm surprised ` twillight ' was n't on the list . 
  i 'd disagree on frank underwood . 
  in my opinion it was overused . 
  the green mile , the big floating tom hanks . 
  generally ? 
  but if you buy free range organic eggs there is a higher chance of the egg being fertilized . 
  but to hatch you need to make an effort . 
  source , pretty much the first link i found : http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1031114/shopper-amazed-chick-hatches-supermarket-egg.html, 
  thank you !, 
  [ top gear says no ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oyx1e2s-tse ), 
  u/ituralde _ provided link, 
  sexy smileys . 
  i 'm in awe !, 
  lovingly tell her to go to the doctor . 
  i agree with u/alittledandy , go to hr . 
  be polite , and on point . 
  it might not lead to anything , but just having a complaint on file might help you later . 
  i 'm one of those people who are against expensive bridal shower gifts , because there are limits to how much i 'm going to spend on one wedding . 
  i 'd give something personal , something small that says something about your friendship . 
  i gave my best friend a bunch of hair ties and a jar of nutella , because that was important in the start of our friendship , and then i gave her some nice yarn and some teabags , which is important for our friendship now . 
  huh , i would end up getting you coal . 
  so romance . 
  i read a lot of harlequin books , they are fun quick reads . 
  jodi picoult is always an easy read , with enough story and angst to be interesting . 
  have you tried outlander ? 
  it 's historical romance , and now a tv series . 
  i really enjoyed vampire academy , but not enough to remember the authors name ... 
  [ yes ] ( https://www.nigella.com/ask/freezing-pizza-and-other-dough ), 
  that said i buy a bread , cut it up in the store , put it in several bags and then throw it in the freezer . 
  then i take it out when i need it . 
  looking nice !, 
  why not be radical and do both ? 
  * sigh *, 
  i 'd go for this . 
  i aim to please . 
  and their cute , little arms !, 
  one day i will get better at crochet and make all the cute little figures . 
  but until that day i 'm really glad for talented people uploading the pictures of the awesome they have made !, 
  i knew that one was coming . 
  but to be fair , that 's from the norwegian version of the bbc . 
  the commercial channels are more in line with the other pictures . 
  [ this means war ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1596350/ ) have both tom hardy and chris pine , and it 's a terrible movie that i still own on dvd because i really like tom hardy and chris pine . 
  when was the electrics and plumbing last checked ? 
  if you do n't know anything about signs of mold , rot and other damages you should bring someone who does . 
  really nice !, 
  i love the windows , and the details , the fact that it is n't entirely rectangle , but have those little bumps in . 
  [ cheap and old asus laptop ] ( http://www.techradar.com/reviews/pc-mac/laptops-portable-pcs/laptops-and-netbooks/asus-vivobook-s400c-1125415/review ), 
  sims 4 works just fine , but i ca n't have both 3 and 4 installed at the same time , so i uninstalled 4 . 
  i did not pay $ 1000 for it , not even close !, 
  pointless , boring and stupid ? 
  yes . 
  i 've watched the entire thing , more then once . 
  it 's just boring , and not in a good way . 
  no one is good in it , it 's obviously a paycheck . 
  but that 's just my opinion , i know people who like it . 
  i sent cheese that kind of was illegal , and it got thorough . 
  how long has it been ? 
  yeah , they are lying liars who lie . 
  give it a few more days . 
  i 'm a mix between menstrual cup and pads . 
  i prefer menstrual cups to tampons because , for me at least , it does n't dry up the area and i think it 's easier to insert . 
  keep the threads short . 
  you 'll use more thread , but it will be easier . 
  could you get away with doing half stitches ? 
  no , there is n't . 
  would be interested in seeing the details of the law . 
  i mean , how is it enforced ? 
  can someone say they want to be a father and then change their mind in week 18 , or do they sign that they have been informed and that they want to be involved ? 
  where do they sign ? 
  looking super cute already !, 
  [ the passion of jeanne d'arc ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0019254/ ), 
  the performances are amazing . 
  if it happens again she should record it . 
  there probably is an app for it . 
  did she do something wrong ? 
  arguably yes . 
  but should she be arrested for it ? 
  really ? 
  this fits into a larger pattern of children being arrested for childish behaviour that would have gotten earlier generations a detention at best . 
  i agree with you . 
  but if you hit him first , and he backhanded you to get you to back of ? 
  sometimes the only way to get out of a fight is to hit them back and get out of there . 
  oh , i agree with this in theory . 
  i 'm just wondering about how you would go about implementing something like this . 
  - the woman would have to be obligated to inform the father before week 18 , but how do you prove you have n't been informed ?
