  that is the issue . 
  and how have you not heard about the go to ` toxic masculinity ' that is brought up every time men 's issues are discussed ? 
  the idea that men are naturally violent , unemotional , and sexually aggressive . 
  edit : to focused on comas . 
  if any given man is violent and sexually aggressive , then that man is violent and sexually aggressive . 
  i 'm not going to blame it on masculinity . 
  just like you would n't blame a woman lying , gossiping , and being mean on femininity . 
  it 's just them being shitty , not their gender being shitty . 
  that is adorable !, 
  egg or rolled oats is my go to filling and low calorie foods . 
  this is my go to breakfast !, 
  eat it on the bus to work and it keeps me full until lunch 4 hours later . 
  shortest time 10 days , longest 4 weeks ( got held up in customs ) . 
  edit : from norway, 
  for clothing i use wool , but then i make things for winter and winter is cold . 
  when i make toys i use acrylic or cotton , depending on price more then anything else . 
  i loved this movie , i still have it on vhs somewhere . 
  to bad i no longer have a vhs player ... 
  the english title is really generic . 
  i know . 
  i 'm pretty sure i bought it at a gas station . 
  what did you like about the books ? 
  was it the characters , the settings , the feel of the book , the topic ? 
  what did she do ? 
  anyone know ? 
  because the 18th century was the perfect picture of health ? 
  a time when people believed that bathing was unhealthy and that soaking in water , especially hot water , would let disease enter the body ? 
  sure . 
  lets go back to that . 
  a single man , by christopher isherwood, 
  give it another week before you start worrying . 
  that is adorable !, 
  meh , i did n't think the study had that much real world merit , and the entire story around it has devolved into the media not getting statistics . 
  that makes sense . 
  i read more then when i was younger , i had more free time and had few responsibilities . 
  not since primary school when there was a reading month where you read as many books as you could and got a diploma . 
  now i just read for fun , no pressure . 
  norway as well . 
  snoopy is pretty much the most recognisable character there . 
  we must inform brussels !, 
  this might save the union !, 
  misery by stephen king . 
  i second `` first 15 lives '', 
  those i 've seen are usually from amazon . 
  i 'm not going to give that site any views , do you have archived version ? 
  there is a male runner emoji ? 
  emoji are gendered ? 
  and people care ? 
  i was walking around a grocery-store today looking for a few items , i found what i was looking for and was trying to reach it when this tall person just picked it of the high , shaming , shelf . 
  because while i had to stand on tip toes and jump to try and get a hold of the can , this tall person just comes up behind me and took it down for me . 
  i said thank you , but inside i was crying bitter , short , tears of shame as my triggers were triggered by this triggering event . 
  i 'm to much of a hipster to own a car . 
  i cried on the bus . 
  like the woman i identify as . 
  from my perspective as a girl , tall men do seem to have this strange urge to get things for me . 
  i do not complain . 
  thinking back on it i 've had two other exchanges like this , one from england and one from canada . 
  that looks amazing !, 
  how did you get it to look so good ? 
  crossstitcher , hands down . 
  my biggest problem with the magazine is that they 're only on ios and kindle fire so i ca n't get a digital version . 
  a friend of mine lived in alabama for a few years , she came back a lot fatter . 
  she explained it as the portion sizes being much bigger and there not being an infrastructure for walking/biking anywhere . 
  that is adorable , and the alphabet is really pretty !, 
  i did not know about that , i 'm going to give it a try !, 
  ah , but i could have been treated with growth hormones as a child and ended up as a normal sized person . 
  i blame my oppressive , loving , parents . 
  hold on for a second !, 
  there have been skittles gum ? 
  why have no one told me about skittles gum ? 
  [ do not feed doughnuts to your obese children ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_elxyzfx_w ), 
  who in their right mind thinks a 4 year old should brush their teeth by themselves ? 
  the hygienist is n't there to teach the child , they are there to teach the parents !, 
  that is so pretty !, 
  knitting for babies is so much fun !, 
  outlander is ... um ... it 's harlequin . 
  it 's a very standard romance story , so if you enjoy historical romance , then this is a good choice for you !, 
  have you read romance books , and by that i mean harlequin ? 
  because that is what outlander is . 
  now , i enjoyed it very much , but it 's not everyone 's cup of tea . 
  my sister is having a baby in the end of december ( her due date is december 31 ) , and i 'm knitting diapers and basic clothing like a mad woman . 
  in sims 2 i tried to install a mod , which made the game glitch in a terrible way . 
  babies , once put down in the crib , could not be picked up . 
  so after the first few dead babies , i had to uninstall the game and install it again . 
  it took a long time before i dared to have babies again . 
  [ this is my go to chunky sweater ] ( http://www.pickles.no/oslo-anorak/ ), 
  that is so pretty !, 
  that is the most adorable thing i 've ever seen . 
  that is so adorable !, 
  thank you !, 
  no wonder you do n't really see them in anything , with that much money they do n't need to work . 
  there was an interesting news clip from australia a few years back that said that labiaplasty became more popular there after decency laws started regulating how much of the inner labia could be shown in soft porn images . 
  i have a friend who was in the same situation . 
  she told her sisters husband and maintained a good relationship with him throughout the divorce . 
  her sister and ex have 50/50 custody and although her sister do n't talk to her she gets to see her nieces when they are with their father . 
  yeah , i really hope so . 
  i 'd say it 's her personality . 
  turns out i 've been pronouncing tempe wrong all along . 
  but she did come out of this looking like a reasonable person . 
  if i had n't heard anything about her i would take her word for it about practising several hours a day and that she just did n't practice right and had a terrible start .
