  seriously , cnn is a garbage fire . 
  not only that , pretty sure zombies prefer raw brains . 
  i live in fear that my yarn tower will topple and i will be found weeks later when people start noticing the smell . 
  makes me consider getting a few cats that can eat me before that . 
  maybe , if you love your double chin so much you should treat ~ ~ them ~ ~ che/chir right , take ~ ~ them ~ ~ che/chir out to a nice restaurant , get ~ ~ them ~ ~ che/chir drunk and then fuck ~ ~ them ~ ~ che/chir . 
  on another note , what is the pronouns of chins ? 
  since this crazy person is treating it like a separate entity you should treat it with respect . 
  edit : thanks to both u/lesstalkmorebeer and / u/westerosibrigand for helping with the pronouns , even though / u/lesstalkmorebeer is an oppressive , cis shitlord who wants to kill everyone who identify as chin . 
  another objection i have is the strawmanning because who , other then assholes , think health is an indication of value ? 
  i can be worried about someone i love 's weight , or debunk the fatlogic of internet people without thinking anything about their value . 
  that was one of the eye opening things about fatpeoplehate , i clicked into it on occasion , and often found pictures taken from a knitting sub , where i had seen the picture and noticed a great looking knitted sweater , but the people in the sub only saw an overweight woman . 
  i used to watch biggest loser the same way i watched fear factor , slightly drunk and yelling `` why would you do that '' a lot . 
  but what i love about biggest loser is the contestants , and the way they talk about wanting to better themselves . 
  i 've cried a lot watching the show . 
  also , my grandfather died young of a stroke , so you 're damned right i 'm working to take care of my heart to diminish risks . 
  i want to live past 60 , thank you very much . 
  speak for yourself , i love the tiny bits of diet talk ( that is n't a subway add ) on the show . 
  every 2 seasons there would be an episode where jillian , always jillian , yelled at her contenders about how much salt they consumed . 
  go to / r/wtf or / r/watchpeopledie to learn how to avoid both buses and trailers . 
  lets do that , it sounds fun . 
  wait , i 'm going to get a bottle of bacardi and a shot glass . 
  i 've taken the plunge . 
  watching episode 4 on youtube right now . 
  and i love jiya . 
  she makes me want to sweat and dance . 
  and i hate choreography . 
  hey , look who 's come to talk about subway , it 's jar ... nope , nothing to see here . 
  it 's not a badge of pride not to exercise . 
  do whatever you want , but do n't come rain on my parade if i do . 
  youtube have some low quality versions . 
  phds are crazy specific . 
  it does n't make you smart , it just means you know a lot about the mating habits of south indian tiny giant squirrels ( and nothing about west indian tiny giant squirrels ) . 
  no bs :, 
  * my training for half marathon is going well , not super , but i walked/jogged/ran 13 km in 90 minutes . 
  my thighs were killing me the next day , but in a good way . 
  * i 'm getting control over my diet . 
  mostly by virtue of managing my food budget . 
  some bs :, 
  * i have managed to get tendonitis . 
  it is awkward . 
  my splint is bulky and terrible . 
  i have n't tried running with it , i imagine it will be awkward . 
  but running without it was painful since i kept clenching my fist . 
  which hurts . 
  200 days is so long , and at the same time way to little time !, 
  but you 're doing great !, 
  i was removed , not born . 
  that and my mother had an emergency c-section in the mid 80 's , the scar looks like something out of a horror movie . 
  nothing , nothing is what it is . 
  i agree , kind of . 
  i just like the more people approach and challenge aspect better . 
  pretty much why norway is so high on the list . 
  there 's less then 5 million of us , there 's a few things you need to defend your country . 
  that and we 're spending a shit ton of money on planes from the us that are massively delayed and have gone a lot up in price . 
  i read an article about wasted spending in the pentagon , and how they ordered a report about it just to scrap it when it turns out there was an insane amount of waste . 
  two takes on it : [ outraged ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/investigations/pentagon-buries-evidence-of-125-billion-in-bureaucratic-waste/2016/12/05/e0668c76-9af6-11e6-a0ed-ab0774c1eaa5_story.html?utm_term=.e1ce765c85db ) & [ skeptical ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/view/articles/2016-12-07/did-the-pentagon-bury-billions-in-waste-dig-a-little-deeper ), 
  hey , stop your bs . 
  i think we have 5 ... [ oh ] ( https://www.tu.no/artikler/norges-nye-kampfly-kan-sta-uten-piloter/235411 ) , never mind . 
  that is an interesting point , is there a reason ? 
  like , they do n't want companies to cheap out to get contracts and deliver sub standard product as a result ? 
  pretty much . 
  had not heard about this american life , but now have years of things to listen to while running , so thank you !, 
  edit : just found an episode with lindy west . 
  not sure if i want to listen to this anymore . 
  and there 's an extreme liberal bias going on . 
  great , they 've done a study . 
  now someone needs to reproduce it . 
  will do , although turns out i do n't have bacardi . 
  so sipping on a glass of cointreau while watching mbffl it is . 
  i think it 's more to do with getting big numbers at the weigh in 's by dehydrating , and salt makes that harder . 
  my first trick was to think about what genre of movies i love and go from there . 
  so i read a lot of crime when i came back to books , then i started branching out from there . 
  was n't that as much england deciding to keep the money ? 
  that seems to be the narrative i 'm hearing . 
  or am i wrong ( i 'm wrong a lot , do n't feel guilty for correcting me ) . 
  norway is tiny , with close to no people living there . 
  and it was set up only a few decades after the end of ww2 when we were still into solidarity , the labour party , and selling heavy water to israel . 
  no need to be sorry for not knowing . 
  reading about the behind the scene stuff for bl was interesting . 
  one of the contestants , kai ( i think ) , have talked about it on several blogs . 
  she 's moving towards haes now , but it was interesting/horrifying to read about how the bl sausage was made . 
  whaaaaaaaat ? 
  i am shocked that a bunch of commies and anarchists do n't like dissenting opinions . 
  report them . 
  seriously , report them . 
  yes , this was most likely just a teller with a bad day who made a mistake . 
  being vengeful against them does n't help anyone . 
  but the fact that a teller with a bad day * could * make this mistake means that either there is n't a system in place to catch these mistakes or that they do n't take the checks serious enough . 
  report it , because this might be a systemic problem that can be fixed so that it does n't happen again . 
  but nothing will change if you let the bank sweep it under the rug . 
  report it . 
  you are both the hero we need and deserve . 
  the salvation army where i live got into some trouble a few years ago when some idiot reporter wrote several shocking reveals that they threw away books that the did n't sell within a certain time period . 
  not grasping the fact that it cost more to store them then the profit from the sale . 
  i used to work in an emergency placement nutsing home . 
  i 've seen so many diabetic ulcers that started with a tiny wound on the sole and is now eating up the entire leg . 
  we tried to treat it for a while , but with a diabetic that is close to impossible , then they would either be sent for amputation or die from an infection . 
  [ obligatory ] ( http://img.pandawhale.com/139023-you-keep-using-that-word-meme-oezw.jpeg ), 
  good luck !, 
  pretty sure you will rule , pretty please give us updates !,
