  i do n't really have a horse in this race , since i do n't have money on the box office results . 
  i will say that there are several movies i want to see before this one , but it 's not out for another two weeks , and i 've got friends who are big mellisa mccarthy fans . 
  looking at their posting history they pretty much only comment about ghostbusters . 
  which is ... strange , and a little obsessive . 
  yeah !, 
  no really , i 'm going to see a movie in the beginning of august with some friends and this movie is high up on the list of movies people want to see . 
  i 'm trying to get them to see the shallows ( or even richard iii ) , but i doubt i 'll win . 
  can you point to a comment where someone actually does this ? 
  so one comment that 's been downvoted to oblivion . 
  that 's not a trend ... 
  yeah , i do n't pay attention to the reviews who praise it or the ones that trash it . 
  again , i think beyond the trailer have the better review i 've seen so far , calling it an enjoyable , but flawed popcorn movie . 
  i think you 're right about the reviews for this movie . 
  some haters , some lovers , but mostly right in the middle . 
  but suicide squad is going to be the best movie ever made , and nothing you say can convince me otherwise . 
  you 're probably right . 
  pretty much . 
  i 'm going to have to re-watch it , but another problem i had was that i did n't see it coming . 
  it was one of those ` i 'm smarter then you ' moments that i just could n't see how they got there . 
  i had the same problem with now you see me . 
  where they had to explain the entire plot in order to kind of explain how they got to the end , and it still made little sense . 
  i love the little hats !, 
  i 've seen these before and it 's one of the reasons why i want to learn how to crochet . 
  i recently inherited my grandmothers knitting and crochet supplies , there 's a lot of it . 
  but all her hooks are these tiny things that you can barely fit a sewing thread on , 0.6 size . 
  and the work she did n't finish , it 's all so very tiny and delicate . 
  so now i 'm learning how to crochet so that i can finish some of it . 
  i 'll be back here , because there 's no patterns to go from so i 'm going to need help identifying some stitches and patterns . 
  thank you !, 
  but it does seem like the community keeps voting these opinions down . 
  not from the military , but fire departments have had the same problem with standards being lowered for women when not enough passed the tests . 
  that look amazing !, 
  sex crimes or crimes in general ? 
  i think the original l&o is on netflix . 
  adorable . 
  i 'd wait a few days for the numbers to settle . 
  smartflix gave the money back when it got shut down , will you do the same ? 
  is it an app or does it work in browser ? 
  yes i did . 
  this is what you get for posting and knitting at the same time . 
  rotten tomato have 41 reviews . 
  metacritic have 17 . 
  it 's happening with fire departments in the us where they changed the intake criteria from passing all tests to an average score . 
  that 's sad . 
  watched the entire series over the summer a few years back . 
  warning that it 's a lot more graphic then l&o . 
  you have more faith then me . 
  but then i 'm a pessimist at heart . 
  if you say so . 
  anything to do with computers , hacking , and the internet ; johnny mnemonic , hackers , the net . 
  and then there 's top gun , a movie that was supposed to be badass but now is just homoerotic . 
  indiana jones and the temple of doom is just a cringefest of racist stereotypes . 
  is n't lemony snicket going to netflix ? 
  otherthen that 50 shades is still going on . 
  oh , it 's an awesome movie . 
  but it 's an awesome cringefest at the racial stereotypes . 
  that 's ... might actually be good casting . 
  that too . 
  in that case i 'd like to add 06.06.06 to the list . 
  will do . 
  the pattern is one i found on [ pintrest ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/a2/3a/cd/a23acd2961779f00b8decd95613dc5fd.jpg ), 
  bsg :, 
  http://sga-flashfic.livejournal.com/791685.html ( this is technically abandoned , but not jarringly so ), 
  why are you telling me this ? 
  time to write your mp, 
  wow ... that is a truly terrible list of books . 
  i mean , what age group is this list directed at ? 
  my sister read lotr at a young age and loved it , but she has always loved to read . 
  i was stuck on the first chapter for months before i gave up . 
  why should they read the bible ? 
  sure , but why should children read it ? 
  why not wait until they are teenagers or in university and can read it with a critical eye ? 
  are you saying that you did n't give your tween son a copy of the very hungry caterpillar and read to kill a mockingbird for your toddler ? 
  it 's also incredibly boring and not something that will inspire children to read more . 
  i love the colours and the pattern !, 
  [ it 's a real page turner ] ( http://skepticsannotatedbible.com/mt/1.html ), 
  for that size tv [ this one ] ( https://www.amazon.com/ultimate-fireplace-deluxe-bonus-blu-ray/dp/b0066d5nzc ) is a must watch . 
  the plot to the cursed child is basically a terrible fanfiction plot . 
  i 'm very good at writing outlines for stories and then ... never write more . 
  so that 's what i 'm going to do . 
  actually write a story . 
  must learn how to draw so i can make an awesome box . 
  thanks for the rec !, 
  i love it !, 
  it looks so soft and comfy !, 
  what yarn did you use ? 
  wool or acrylic ? 
  i 'm a few episodes from running out of person of interest episodes available and a month left of my netflix subscription . 
  putting it on my list . 
  question from a newbie ; does the front and back look the same ? 
  so the local chain grocery store have this policy of only displaying healthy things near the register . 
  it 's a mixed bag on what 's there , from sugar free candy to portion packs of veggies , but yesterday i saw they had decided to put up a big display of marshmallows , but it 's ok !, 
  because on the package , in big letters it said ` gluten free !, 
  and you had all that info in the description , sorry !, 
  [ that 's how it goes ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lin-a2ltelg ), 
  favourite musical cabaret . 
  scene can i give you top 3 ? 
  [ tomorrow belongs to me ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=29mg6gfh9co ) , from cabaret . 
  the cinematography is amazing , the way it 's cut , the use of close ups , the acting . 
  it 's chilling , and the fact that it 's being adopted by neo-nazis is ... poignant .
