  or on the flip-side , how do you prove you have informed someone who is now denying he knew about the pregnancy ? 
  - what if you do n't know who the father is , or you make the best effort to inform him , but he is nowhere to be found ? 
  - who is in charge of getting the signatures , and where should they be kept ? 
  there is privacy issues . 
  - if a man does this , and the woman decides to keep the baby , what happens when the child asks who the father is ? 
  is the mother allowed to tell the child ? 
  way to make an ass out of u and i. 
  if this was a boy i 'd recommend a trip to the principals office , just like i recommend for the girl . 
  running is the first option , but if that is n't an option ? 
  what then ? 
  if someone keeps coming at you , and you have nowhere to go except through them . 
  what do you do ? 
  i think it goes both ways . 
  i do n't have that problem , being tiny as i am . 
  but i have tall girlfriends who will not even consider dating a guy who is shorter then them . 
  in fact a friend of mine has the idea that the ideal is for the woman to be 10 cm shorter then the man , otherwise the relationship is doomed . 
  same hight , not so high five !, 
  unless i 'm missing something , and if i am i apologize , she pinched his ass . 
  once . 
  that 's not sexual assault . 
  it 's rude , and inappropriate . 
  but not assault . 
  * pssst * your for profit prison system is to blame . 
  [ because corruption ... ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kids_for_cash_scandal ), 
  at 12 being sent to the principal would have sent the same message . 
  are you 12 years old ? 
  sure , but they are questions that need to be answered before you can implement the law . 
  because otherwise it will be a mess . 
  that 's fine . 
  i think it 's a bad idea . 
  bookfinder or abebooks, 
  because for a while at least the internet had a massive boner for whedon . 
  i love 90 % of any robin hobb book . 
  but the last few pages usually kills it for me . 
  but i still read the next book and love it until , again , the last few pages . 
  well except for that ship trilogy , that was a whiny mess . 
  you should put a warning that it 's a download link . 
  down vote for you . 
  i 've never met the `` soft '' lock , and i 've returned a lot of titles . 
  but it has been a while , so maybe if it 's a new policy ? 
  will test out and report back . 
  i do n't think it was a mess . 
  i quite enjoyed it . 
  but that is n't legal ... 
  as suspected . 
  but who knows . 
  maybe there 's a horse in the mail for you . 
  are you going for the same colour , or do you want variation ? 
  [ maybe go natural ? 
  ] ( http://knitwhatyouexpected.blogspot.no/2013/03/how-to-dye-wool-with-natural-dyes.html ) i 've only done it a few times , with onion skin or dried black beans . 
  both times turned out quite lovely . 
  the dice man has elements of this . 
  no empty lots ? 
  i really like americolor , strong colours , you get a set of 12 for $ 27 . 
  but i 've never coloured that much yarn . 
  is the dress in your posession ? 
  because if it is , i 'd have it altered and just not told my sister ... 
  do you see a gynecologist ? 
  because it might be time to talk to someone about your problems . 
  [ depends , do you live in europe ? 
  ] ( https://flixsearch.io/movie/demolition-man-1993 ), 
  edit : it 's available on netflix dvd in the us !, 
  it 's not knitting , it 's * future * knitting . 
  maybe the yarnball is bigger on the inside . 
  yes !, 
  depending on where in denmark you go to there 's going to be a lot of really nice design stuff , and small brands !, 
  where are you traveling to ? 
  not that you ca n't get anywhere in denmark in a day . 
  you can even go shopping in germany . 
  so i just got lucky ? 
  good to know . 
  yeah matching !, 
  goes to retrieve match , read the notes to `` help santa '' and panic in 3-2-1 panic !!!!, 
  so , it 's time to contact my giftee and try to find out ... anything more helpful then , well anything at all really . 
  etsy people can make you something !, 
  came here with the same issue , really glad it ' not just me . 
  i will try restarting as u/bvlyqt suggested and hope for the best !, 
  i do n't think the two have anything to do with each other . 
  you 've got your match , you can contact them through redditgifts . 
  you should be fine . 
  i 'm starting to see that , while looking for short cotton socks in white , black or grey ... 
  edit : turns out , after trying to message my match , that she does n't understand that much english . 
  time to panic . 
  and get socks . 
  great minds think alike ... 
  ** now it can be told ** by phillip gibbs, 
  i second alas , babylon . 
  a little old fashioned , but still great . 
  this reminds me that i never actually finished the book . 
  it 's on my kindle , somewhere . 
  huh ... 
  not opera , mozart 's requiem . 
  edit : and i see i was late to the reply party . 
  question : when i retrieved my match there was a message telling me that my giftee had been shafted on the previous exchange . 
  is this something new , or have i entered a secret society and now that i 've revealed it to the world you will have to kill me ? 
  i considered it , but i really do n't have good experiences with google translate and russian . 
  i have her size , and know she likes cotton , and by golly she will get some socks . 
  is it hard ? 
  not in my experience . 
  i include snacks in as good as all my exchanges and have never had an issue .
