  americans might , but the eu is going to block of half the internets by the end of the year . 
  that is adorable !, 
  none of mine are there . 
  and youtube is a fandom ? 
  for this story , i think everyone should take a look at the [ snopes ] ( http://www.snopes.com/tag/dakota-access-pipeline/ ) page before posting links . 
  because both sides are using social media to spread lies . 
  if anyone have a better fact checking site , feel free to add it . 
  yeah ... that 's not going to happen . 
  it might get rerouted a little , but to much money have been poured into building it so far . 
  it 's going to be built . 
  why does n't she pay her family and friends $ 10 each to open ebay/amazon accounts to sell as many as they are allowed to ? 
  or recruit a bunch of people to sell three each , it might cut into profits a little , but for a good cause she might find some suckers to do it for free . 
  i was ready to rage on behalf of parents who in a moment of distraction forgot their child in the car . 
  but fuck this guy . 
  seriously . 
  fuck him . 
  that is a pretty terrible double standard . 
  and it 's such a terrible way to die . 
  why did he slow down ? 
  if he had just given it his all he might have made it !, 
  be careful about the seeds , might get stopped in customs . 
  i was going to send some nice gloves , socks , and other winter hiking clothing for a lovely giftee who walks the dog daily . 
  then i stalked them a little , and realized that the temperature never went below 10 * c where they lived . 
  how long did it take to make them ? 
  do n't see why not . 
  did you make a swatch ? 
  maybe you need to go down a needle size if you think it 's not coming out right . 
  i often have to go down a size in the thinner yarns . 
  oh , i got some awesome hiking socks . 
  but the gloves are mine to keep . 
  ended up getting some summer stuff instead . 
  we have all been there , although the knitting looks great !, 
  my sister have wished for [ this sweater ] ( http://www.sandnesgarn.no/petter-patent-genser ) for my two nephews . 
  and with the twisted stitches it 's taking a long time . 
  so was wondering if i should just make something simpler and have some more time to finish . 
  in general i try not to `` shame '' anyone for their shipping preferences . 
  it 's not my cup of tea , and ... yeah it 's totally creepy . 
  i mean there was a news report a year or so ago where football players were informed about the fanfiction written about them , and the look of horror on their face when they read parts of it made me even more convinced that real people are off limits . 
  fanfiction in general lives in a glass house , and when outsiders look in it 's up to us if they are terrified or just puzzled by what 's going on in there ( i 'm talking to you , child porn and incest fans . 
  i 'm talking to you ) . 
  yarn stores are there to sell you yarn . 
  not walk you through your project . 
  i see it like , if you have a quick question about your project you can go ask it . 
  but i 've been in yarn stores several times where people have had long conversations with the people working there , while the worker is desperately trying to make them go away because they have to serve other customers and actually make money . 
  if you have questions , go at a time when there 's few or no other customers , be polite and step aside when there 's other customers . 
  and i think i was a little harsh here , sorry about that , i 'm blaming it being 1am and christmas stress . 
  [ chunky and fast ] ( http://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/lightning-fast-mittens ), 
  [ not so chunky with options of freeing the fingers ] ( http://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/chilly-podsters ), 
  i really hate m1l 's . 
  my best advice is to obsessively watch youtube videos about how to do it correctly , then sit for hours trying to get it right , open a bottle of whine , drink it all , try for a little longer , give up , set the world on fire . 
  or , you know , practice makes perfect , or something else constructive . 
  i did ~ ~ today ~ ~ yesterday . 
  i had bought yarn and pattern from the store , and i just could not get what the pattern was trying to say . 
  after trying and failing to find a solution online i went back to the store . 
  i went in the morning , when there was no other customers and the people who know what they are talking about work , took a picture of the sample sweater and asked a few questions . 
  turns out it was something a lot of people had problems with and they actually had an explanation printed out , i paid a symbolic sum for a copy after i had it quickly explained and then i went home and continued knitting . 
  ah ... the too many videos problem . 
  i 'd recommend my go to channel , but i do n't know if you speak norwegian . 
  they really are super fast and super easy to adjust for size !, 
  and yeah , i figured the second one would n't work on chunky , but those are the only two mitten patterns i use , other then baby mittens , so i thought i 'd share it !, 
  i was just about to comment that it 's not legal to mail living animals to the uk , but it looks like you 've got it covered . 
  although , if you want to pm me your address so i can go to france and cuddle it , i would n't protest . 
  i 'm sending to a country i 've never sent to before !, 
  and now i kind of want one of those scratch of world maps so that i can trace where all the gifts i 've sent have went to . 
  you should feel sorry for your terrible postal service . 
  we who have never reached this point , salute you . 
  i have tried . 
  and ... i always end up with something with one arm , or just the torso and then ... forget about it . 
  i have made a lot of sweaters for my nieces and nephews , though . 
  so you could say , i 'm slowly building up the stamina to make an adult sweater !, 
  really nice !, 
  adorable !, 
  love the clear colours . 
  * internet hug *, 
  for me it depends on the mistake . 
  if it 's really noticeable , messes up my pattern , or i notice it right away ? 
  i 'm fixing it . 
  but otherwise i 'm following the persian rug rule , mistakes means it 's hand made . 
  just make the swatch , i know it 's boring and it sometimes seem useless , but make the swatch . 
  i keep a document on evernote where i have a chart of type of yarn , needle size and what my gauge is . 
  you made me chuckle , then look down on my four wip christmas presents . 
  * sigh *, 
  i have a game account for facebook , and as a result have friends from all around the world who do n't mind sharing their personal account to get more food in cafw land . 
  i can confirm , while it 's really bad from the us ( the muslims with the `` jesus '' statue thing was rampant for a good month ) the rest of the world is n't far behind . 
  in casw you did n't know central europe is really racist . 
  the worst is that most of the fake news stories can be debunked with 5 seconds on google . 
  and no , marlboro is n't coming out with cannabis cigarettes . 
  the image is an obvious photoshop . 
  it 's not a leftist , cultural marxist conspiracy to turn your children gay and/or trans . 
  i like seeing my knitting turning into something . 
  one of the reasons why i love raglan.but that stupid square will never amount to anything , and there 's always the dread that you have to do it again . 
  it 's a repost , and from what i remember from previous posts they person walked back their statement after being ~ ~ told ~ ~ educated about fas . 
  i had forgotten about the entire thing by the time i got it . 
  took a while to start using the site , but as of now it is my favourite . 
  cnn recently ran a story about how us troops were doing exercises at the norwegian/russian border . 
  the soldiers were 500 km away from the border , but by the time they kind of corrected it with an editors note , hours after being contacted by the norwegian military , the story had already spread to other sites who did n't bother to fact check . 
  but for friends they all started out on roughly the same place in their career . 
  that is n't the case here . 
  we 've all been there . 
  some of us more then once .
