  now apply this to everyone and get on with your life . 
  did they jusy assume their bodies gender ? 
  there was a problem with this in haiti after the earthquake . 
  parents temporarily gave up custody for kids they could n't feed or school with their lives in ruins , but loved and visited as often as they could . 
  and then the child got adopted out to the us . 
  depends on the context . 
  most times idgaf, 
  less permanently , but there are programs for drug users to get iuds . 
  i both agree and disagree with you . 
  because you are right , the child molester is n't gping to stop going after kids , and it demands that they are previously caught . 
  so it 's not the solution to the problem . 
  i still think it 's the right step to take . 
  that said it should n't be the only step . 
  then again i 'm open to changing opinion if it turns out i 'm wrong . 
  i 'm all for an international sex offender register . 
  but that does demand that countries agree on what is a sex crime . 
  65 is n't even past retirement age . 
  come back to me when your 69 and realizing your lifestyle choices means you 're going to be dead in the next 5 years . 
  atwood have said that every oppression and idea in the book is something that have been historically implemented by societies somewhwhere in the world . 
  there are so many contradicting oppressions that it at times took me a bit out of the book . 
  ready to lead the womans march . 
   i had an acupuncture appointment ( affordable community acupuncture rocks ! ), 
  what does it say about me that this makes me angrier then anything else she has written ? 
  seriously , quackery is my biggest pet peeve . 
  it was pretty much the first thing i thought about as well . 
  anyway , i know you did n't ask for it , but ... [ here ] ( http://www.womenshealthmag.com/mom/placenta-recipes ), 
  & [ here ] ( https://www.babycentre.co.uk/l1051310/how-to-eat-your-placenta-photos ), 
  they sure [ did ] ( http://www.twilightheadquarters.com/placenta.html ) !, 
  i did n't really like those shows . 
  i got 1.5 episodes in and then started vacuuming my sofa . 
  forgot all about it until i looked up and netflix was wondering if i was still there . 
  this reminds me to rewatch friends . 
  i really like travellers , although i would n't call it great . 
  i think the show got to successfull . 
  the british version ended when he became pm , and the road there was less convoluted ( even though a lot of the same plot point were there ) . 
  pst ... 
  the difference between the two is that sandler is making them money so that they can experiment with smaller shows . 
  but people are watching those low quality shows , and saying they want high brow . 
  if you want them to change stop watching `` trash '', 
  i eat ice cream every day . 
  it 's 100 gram , and i portion with a scale , bit it 's what stops me from eating sweets the rest of the day because if i do i do n't get ice cream, 
  not on norwegian either , but we 've got a day long knitting a sweater from sheep to finished show , so not complaing, 
  one of her arguments against ht was because of the chemicals and it 's manmade . 
  so , i 'm going to call her an idiot and go sulk that ht is n't available where i live . 
  it 's a little silly , but in a good way . 
  reminds me of the good parts of flashforewards . 
  i 'm really glad it 's not just me . 
  i mean , i 'll keep watching a few episodes , but the first thing i thought was that this was a dark and gritty reboot . 
  there 's a traumatic flashback in the first 5 minutes ffs . 
  from the site that brought you `` is yoga a treatment for type 2 diabetes ? 
  how an ancient practice is changing the way i practice medicine '', 
  i would really like for netflix to release their viewing numbers . 
  but i doubt it 's going to happen anytime soon . 
  but the show cost 9 mill per episode , so it would have to be really popular , and get new subscribers in to justify the expenses . 
  marco polo had the same problem . 
  not in europe ... but we have our own , lowish calorie options , so i 'm not suffering . 
  going to the us in september , so will try to hunt it down then . 
  that 's as terrifying as the customers who ask my 22 year old art history student sister about their cancer treatment because she works in a health food store . 
  i walked a half marathon over some mountains , and it jusr took 5 hours !, 
  i jogged for a bit where it made sense , walked where it did n't and took small breaks where i needed to . 
  for some reasons , while my shins are hurting bad , the worst is my elbows and biceps . 
  i do n't get that . 
  i mean the idea of not showing id to vote is strange to me . 
  this argument is so strange to me , because in the winter the sun sets earlier and rises later and in the summer it 's opposite . 
  so the fact that the sun stays the same year round ? 
  oh , we do n't register to vote . 
  that 's automatic as a citizen . 
  bvs did n't flop at the box office . 
  it was a terrible movie , but it was a terrible movie that made a shitton of money . 
  technically the modern cow is manmade as well , so ... we have to go to the wild ice cow . 
  i review more now , i like the new system . 
  it 's pretty good at removing things i do n't like , i mean after down voting a handful they do n't suggest any stand up or commedy anymore . 
  i still get some specifics , but it 's based on what i actually watch and bot what i think i should like, 
  i downvoted all stand-up until tvey stopped reccomwnding it . 
  worked out great . 
  high five . 
  i love the new system , and in my biased opinion my recommendations have gotten better . 
  so just like hollywood ? 
  downthumb them , after a while they will mostly fo away . 
  except people are arguing that you do n't need to be on hormone treatment , or have dysphoria to be trans . 
  so then what ? 
  edit : covfefe, 
  i was babysitting two 5 year olds when one of them reached into the fish bowl , pulled out a tiny fish and ate it . 
  could have been someone from england or france or yemen or niger or germany or the phillipines or ... 
  i do n't watch stand-up . 
  i do n't care what shows up in other peoples recommendations, 
  edit : that and i make a new profile every 6 months or so . . 
  you hit the nail on the head . 
  and downvoting it worked , so it 's not a problem for me . 
  it does work like that for me.one of the reasons why i like the new system . 
  the best thing about new netflix is how quickly it learns what you do n't want to see . 
  the martian mindy park/mark watney, 
  the do n't have a single scene together , but then i read [ ancient mars ] ( http://archiveofourown.org/works/6802603/chapters/15535918 ) and was instantly obsessed with the pairing . 
  both the book and movie match up pretty well !, 
  you can just watch the movie . 
  i 'll see if they have them in the store . 
  if they do , i can send one to you . 
  the inberweeners was an amazing show , do n't anyone dare disagree . 
  if this is the best the government can do , then it should n't be something the government does to begin with . 
  i 'm not saying he 's wrong , because i have no doubt tje torries would be a bad choice .
