  adorable !, 
  i imagine she looked like a snowman at the end of the day . 
  i have n't told my parents about this . 
  my sister is a big fan ... of seeing what i get , and eating any candy there is . 
  first time watching , episode 1 : and right now the show just annoys me . 
  people being stupid , and indecisive . 
  i mean 3 years and they have n't gotten their shit together ? 
  how come the cult get to walk around free ? 
  how come no one at the parade had a gun and shot the crazy people ? 
  i hate most of the characters , but not in a bad way . 
  i really like/hate the chief , ~ ~ his daughter ~ ~ ( never mind she 's a whiny brat ) , and the guy who shoots dogs . 
  not re-watching , but found it on hbo . 
  just started episode 2 . 
  i do n't mind . 
  but thanks for the heads up !, 
  that 's pretty accurate description of king . 
  i love his books , up to a point where i 've just had enough and either take a long break or skip to the end . 
  of the top of my head misery had me hooked all the way through . 
  maybe it 's a trick ? 
  maybe they lure you in with the easy solution , then looks you right in the eyes , hand you the test results and tell you : `` bitch , you eat to much '', 
  have finished episode 4 , and i like the show . 
  i 'm not going to say i love it , but the plot is forming a little more and i might get there . 
  the silent people have been more defined , although i still do n't like them i can see their place in the story . 
  i really like the chief and the mayor , and the black guy who enjoys asian teenagers is ... growing on me . 
  jill is a whiny brat . 
  now this might be because i really do n't like the angsty teenagers . 
  but in general i just think she 's a terrible person . 
  i would have expected more ... chaos . 
  instead the only reactions from people have been the silent ones , and their motives are not very clear . 
  where is the chaos and fear ? 
  i get that it 's been three years , but i would have expected people to be a little quicker to violence , and where are the guns ? 
  / r/neutralpolitics /, 
  the auto-mods are vicious , the discussions are usually great , and there 's always a lot of sources backing claims from diverse opinions . 
  another problem is when the competition for contracts is n't a competition . 
  some years ago it was shown that in denmark and norway construction companies collaborated on their bids for contracts , making sure everyone got something and keeping the prices higher . 
  i 'll keep looking for sources in english , but here 's a report from [ norwegian police ] ( http://www.okokrim.no/id/864819774110aae0c12575de004ab6f3 ) . 
  who played for bush jr ? 
  like at all , or just buying yarn without a plan ? 
  then i 'm tentatively in . 
  my biggest problem is that i buy yarn for projects way to early , and sometimes end up not using it . 
  so ... i going to buy yarn when i 'm ready to start the project and not when i find a nice pattern . 
  i 'm doing a half marathon in june !, 
  although right now i 'm stuck on getting the app to work . 
  in primary school we had a class teddybear , and that was more then enough to take care of, 
  my pintrest feed righ now is 50 % messy hair bun hats , 25 % russian patterns ,, 
  for umbrellas , and 25 % anti vaxxer bs . 
  time to follow some new people . 
  link to the gift page ? 
  thank you !, 
  pretty much sums up my take on it . 
  i think it comes down to stash size , and variety . 
  i have a lov t of baby merino and the like and will not buy more of it . 
  but there are a few projects i 'm planning for the year that i do n't have yarn for . 
  my problem then is that i buy yarn for it , and then do n't get around to making the project . 
  my stash is n't terribly big , apart from the baby merino , but it 's slowly growing a little each year . 
  he had a smal role in twilight . 
  you can make chutney !, 
  it 's a little bit of cooking , but it tastes delicious , with a tinge of vinegar . 
  i usually go for apple or plum , but i hear mango chutney is delicious as well . 
  i 'm planning on making one for my niece !, 
  in my experience ? 
  yes . 
  although i have to admit that i have n't used them with anything super lacy . 
  also [ 1898 hat ] ( http://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/1898-hat ) complete with [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umofbhz4z7a ) . 
  this has been my go to pattern for adults this year !, 
  have made 3 of them , and planning on making two more . 
  that looks amazing !, 
  great work !, 
  [ my preparations for cold sheep ] ( http://imgur.com/a/nwl05 ), 
  that 's `` time for grandma to move to the nursing home '' level of bad . 
  laying on your back on the warm tiles , with your legs on the toilet is amazing for monthly cramps . 
  [ adorable music video ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p57pbhjnqxo ), 
  i get to see an ad , then they tell me it 's locked in my region . 
  anyone know where i can watch episode 3 ? 
  the crime books she wrote under another name were not terrible . 
  books that got halfway decent reviews , but were not best sellers before it came out that she wrote them, 
  the first three books were actually great childrens books with an active and efficient language . 
  then she fancied herself a better author then she is and no one dared to tell her no . 
  in norwat there was talk about making it illegal to figh for isis , but the regressives thought it would be discriminatory and the christians were terrified that it would make it illegal to go fight for israel . 
  it 's not legal to rape prostitutes either . 
  years ago a woman moved into the nursing home i was working in . 
  she had a lot of problems , and in the big picture diabetes 2 might not be on top of the list . 
  but she had ignored it , then she got ulcers on both her feet , they did n't heal , they grew and she ended up with some nasty infections that the hospital could n't treat properly , she ended up having both her legs amputated mid or high thigh . 
  by the time she came to the nursing home she had bed sores on her lower back and buttocks that were so deep you could see her bones . 
  it took an hour a day to clean them , and she would scream the entire time . 
  she died within 2 months . 
  and sure , without the diabetes her life would n't have been great , but the diabetes was the cherry on top of the depressing pie . 
  on tumblr , fatspo is basically nude/almost nude fat women eating disgusting food or touching themselves . 
  is instagram the same ? 
  different continent , but the story clearly resonates . 
  i 've seen this before . 
  on pintrest . 
  i know i 've seen this before . 
  [ diamond moss stitch ] ( http://knitting2008.blogspot.no/2010/05/diamond-moss-knit-stitch-pattern.html ), 
  close , but not perfect . 
  good luck !, 
  i did this a week or so back , it was painful and it took an afternoon to get through it . 
  after sorting all my yarn and pulling out the wips i ended up with a handful of projects that i wanted to keep , and made project pages for them on ravelry , and then i frogged the rest . 
  in addition i have 5 bags of ready to make projects .
