  go for it . 
  i stuck it in a peach . 
  i think at some point i might have been holding both of them and wanted to put them somewhere ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i 'm not saying you 're wrong , but find a better source . 
  to play devils advocate it might have been just the wrapper in the bag that fell out when they were looking for a tampon or candy . 
  and there is n't all that much bacteria on a clean buttocks . 
  so much this . 
  europe is getting really fat . 
  i 'm in norway , and maybe it 's me being more aware , but lately i 've been seeing a lot of fubas . 
  and sure , there 's a lot of american cruise tourists rigjt now , but these are home grown morbidly obese people . 
  less ` listen and believe ' , more ` trust , but verify ' . 
  pink salt is actually dirtier then white salt . 
  as someone working in a nirsing home , red can go fuck of and die . 
  oh ... good luck with that . 
  seriously , people i work with . 
  a diabetic have diabetes * all * the time . 
  that means that if we 're out of low sugar yoghurt , you give them something else to eat . 
  and by something else i do n't mean a full sugar yoghurt . 
  i drink whole milk in my coffee because it tasts better , and the only other choice at work is coffee cream and i 'd rather chew of my right arm and use my blood in my coffee then that garbage . 
  i am under no illusion that it 's healthier then skimmed , but it does taste better . 
  bare vestland is n't as much fancy as it is purely local food . 
  it 's a little expensive , but delicious and so worth it . 
  try the variety menu where you get a little bit of everything . 
  * internet hug *, 
  how about i can have great sympathy for him and his family * and * think he was being a fucking idiot who did n't understand how totalitarian regimes work . 
  i am not a child . 
  so fuck right of with your condescending bs language . 
  there 's statistics about child marriages in 38 states . 
  it 's not very wtf , but i still want some . 
  love it !, 
  pedophiles are people to , and an important part of the lgbtp community . 
  i wish i was, 
  she certantly is , she 's just eating another 1200 on top of that . 
  no , in this one obama turned out to be a kenyan , muslim , gun hating , dictator . 
  but on a positive note sharia law is n't as bad as we thought it would be . 
  i 'm on the oposite side , i have problem finding pants that fit my short legs and my fat ass . 
  and sure , i can hem them , but then the cut looks all strange . 
  i know , right . 
  it 's only been raining a little today , and right now it 's only partly clouded !, 
  and get this , tomorrow we 're supposed to get up to 16 * c and no rain !, 
  although we were getting excited about the prospect of rain every day in june . 
  there 's a secret eaters episode where a woman was for reals training to run a marathon and did n't get why she was n't losing weight . 
  turns out she was eating more then she thought she did . 
  the cloud is white , not grey !, 
  what kind of sorcery is this ? 
  dear fat people , i do n't care about you . 
  at all . 
  i do n't care how much you exercise , but most of all i do n't care what you eat . 
  so will you please stop telling me about how healthy you eat and this mountain of food is just a one time thing and that you could have eaten porridge as well because it 's obvious i 'm just eating it because it 's healthy . 
  well , jokes on you . 
  i 'm eating it because it 's cheap . 
  now fuck of . 
  oh , and the lady has a newly broken hip , give her some fucking painkillers already before i go in and get her out of bed . 
  sorry , it 's been some stressfull days at work . 
  well , anti-semitic bullet dodged . 
  no one * needs 4000 + calories in one day , let alone in one sitting . 
  and by no one i mean anyone who thinks this looks like a good idea . 
  extre e athletes do eat a lot of calories , but not generally garbage like this . 
  i 'm out of the loop on that , whst happened with boogie ? 
  what a cunt . 
  seriously , how does anyone take that hack seriously ? 
  she 's doing the classic before/after picture thing with better lighting and better body posture , and it still does n't look like she 's lost any weight . 
  are you from canada ? 
  well , dr. , * i am * the best and only expert on my body , and i say i do n't have cancer . 
  is it gmo free ? 
  i only awwe at non-gmo kittens . 
  awww , your fee fees hurt ? 
  i wanted to look for the banana peel, 
  ffs what 's up with all these feelz ? 
  all of them go from concrete sentences to fluffy feel clouds of blah . 
  no , but it might attract some more normal people to the profession . 
  really ? 
  have you tried the website ? 
  i got asked a long list of questions every time i gave blood . 
  donating blood is n't a human right . 
  in my experience those coupons is n't really worth it . 
  i mean , sure if it 's your regular store use them when shopping , but do n't go out of your way to use them . 
  can the sub just have a pinned post about this , and delete all nee posts ? 
  because there keeps popping up new threads and they never have anything new to say . 
  i heard the movie is pretty much an anti gmo rant , is it ? 
  i 'm pretty happy with how things are now . 
  my best advice is to look at what hbo is doing , and then doing the opposite . 
  if i have to `` stick through '' watching something , it 's not worth watching . 
  breaking the echo chamber , i tried a few episodes and walked away with the same impression as you . 
  less plot then a high budget porno . 
  pretty sure that * was * the entire movie . 
  what kind of grass you have . 
  i fucking love you . 
  this will be my new favourite sub . 
  my sister loves backbacking and have been all over the world , including the middle east and the us , the only place she 's been denied a visa have been russia . 
  not sure about that one , i can ask if you 're really interested . 
  i get a lot of audible recommendations based on books either on my amazon wish list or that i 've looked at on amazon . 
  it 's seldom a great match . 
  i 'm getting it . 
  which means i 'll probably end up getting the entire redwall series . 
  luckily it looks like only the first narnia book is included . 
  it 's a scratch in the screen . 
  mine has several , because i 'm a bad owner . 
  you should get the protective film for the screen to avoid it .
