  it 's easier to argue discrimination when you 're being denied something . 
  seeing this makes me happy . 
  at about $ 1 per skein that would cost a fortune where i live . 
  i 'm the sort of person who try to hunt down the source of patterns i find , and i like to pay for them . 
  i usually just tell people where they can get the pattern , but for patterns that cost more then $ 10 i 'll lend out one printed copy . 
  before i started reading about all these people having tests done , the last time i had any substantial blood-work done , other then a few quick crp tests , was ... 15 years ago . 
  so i should probably thank fatlogic for making me go to the doctor . 
  all results were passable , although the doctor did ask me if my blood-plates were normally that low , to which i answered that i had no idea . 
  this looks great !, 
  although it bothers me a little that there is one less character on the last line . 
  that is a relief . 
  upper right corner on the web page . 
  they are really nice and helpful . 
  what is worse then finding a worm in your apple ? 
  the holocaust . 
  this was so convoluted that i have no idea what actually happened . 
  i think i 've seen the movie based on that book . 
  i had to stop listening to this one in public because i was crying so hard . 
  a great look at the study, 
  oh , i 'm making a little ` as you wait ' gift , but the main gift is to much to bring to the hospital . 
  relevant, 
  they were there , but there was fewer of them and they were not morbidly obese . 
  my great grandfather was overweight , according to my grandmother . 
  he died when he was 50 . 
  there 's a secret eaters episode where a woman is training for the london marathon and does n't get why she keeps getting fatter even though she is running several times a week . 
  turns out she is eating to much , even with the exercise . 
  and there was a double dose of fatlogic where she thought you can eat whatever you want after working out because your body is primed to burn calories . 
  i have a friend who 's son is lactose intolerant . 
  he is three , very active , and she is having trouble keeping his weight up because the simple solution of adding milk to up the calories is n't there . 
  i ca n't play trombone . 
  no one should play trombone . 
  thank you !, 
  i was worried i was doing something wrong . 
  no smokers go around telling non smokers that smoking is n't only good for you , promoting smoking as a healthy lifestyle choice , ( healthy at every lung capacity ! ), 
  and it 's the what your body naturally wants to do and denying it leads to illness . 
  most smokers do n't give cigarettes to children and tell people to stop oppressing them when they are asked what the fuck they are doing to their kids . 
  a little more , because as s/he became fatter the amount of calories needed to keep the weight on increased . 
  so this person was either slowly eating more and more food , or just eating massive amounts right out the gate and just settling at 80lbs gained . 
  and for most knee pain the surgical option is one of ` open up and see if you can find something wrong ' . 
  i had a friend go through this , her knee was giving her constant pain , in the end they opened up the knee , looked around for a bit , found nothing wrong and closed it back up . 
  her knee is still giving her pain , but now there 's the addition of scar tissue . 
  not sure if this is allowed , but a great opinion piece about unnecessary medical care : http://www.newyorker.com/magazine/2015/05/11/overkill-atul-gawande, 
  this focuses on back injuries , but could easily be applied to other surgeries . 
  to be honest when i accidentally watch crafts it 's not the fat dogs that have me concerned , it 's the genetic clusterfuck that is some of these dogs . 
  i mean , have you seen the pugs that are considered breed standard ? 
  poor things have no face !, 
  the german sheppard 's looks like their half frog , and do n't get me started on what a horrible idea rhodesian ridgebacks are as a general concept . 
  oh that is gorgeous !, 
  you are not the only one . 
  that was a surprise cry that made me feel strangely patriotic . 
  for my part i would n't . 
  it 's not something that the average person can relate to , i do n't really understand the law , and i think it makes you sound like the snob you are accused of being . 
  wait ... giftees know when i go to their page ? 
  because then i might want to apologize to some people for stalking . 
  i 've decided to limit myself to two exchanges . 
  and possibly one rematch . 
  so no more then three . 
  yeah , no more then three . 
  or possibly 4 since it turns out i really like to be a rematch . 
  in many of the cases there are false executions , they are taken out have a knife at their throat , and then the execution does n't happen . 
  a quick google search came up with this link, 
  that was my first thought as well . 
  no one will look good in this . 
  that said , modcloth is so strange in it 's sizing that i will never buy from them again . 
  i bought a dress there once , and it was really pretty , but their charts had me somewhere between a size 2 an 4 , and i am not a size 2 so i got the 4 . 
  but when it arrived it was n't extremely big , but i could have gone 2 no problem . 
  so where does that leave people who are actually skinny and not just normal sized ? 
  toy poodles should be banned because there is no such thing as toy poodles , the very concept is animal abuse . 
  i mean the basic recipe for toy or teacup dogs :, 
  take regular bitch , breed her young ( the younger the better ) , take the surviving puppies and starve them just a little . 
  take the bitches and repeat process with the smaller ones . 
  parents of special needs children deserve to have a break . 
  they should be able to send their child to a school/day care facility that is capable to teach the kids basics on how to function at their own level . 
  sending them to normal school is not it . 
  oh their stuff is really cute !, 
  although i 've heard that the quality have taken a turn for the worse . 
  i used to go on the site all the time , but they do n't have return outside of the us and to be honest they are quite expensive . 
  i 've started going to asos instead , and they have a petite selection . 
  here 's an idea : let 's teach everyone about consent early in school !, 
  and while we are at it , lets get art classes back . 
  is it just me or can we still do all of this ? 
  i mean , i have a friend who was horrified when i told her i walk home alone at night , and when she tried to give me advice on how to turn my keys into a deadly weapon i told her to cut it out . 
  and it should n't be that way . 
  i 'm going to direct you to secret eaters , it 's been recommended countless times before , but it really is an eye opener on how people do n't understand how much they are eating . 
  the ` how can you not know that eating a jar of mayo will make you fat ' show . 
  not everything can be diagnosed before birth , there are damage done during birth ( mostly lack of oxygen ) , and there are people who do n't have easy access to hospitals that do fetal diagnostics or somewhere that allows for late term abortions . 
  in short , do n't be an asshole . 
  the the guy who had a box of muesli for breakfast and topped it with jam , heavy cream , and a banana have really stuck with me . 
  `` during the time of filming you got through 49 pints of beer '' . 
  sometimes i think it might secretly be an intervention and the rest of the family is in on it . 
  and if you go deeper into it . 
  in a universe where love is the ultimate power of good , dumbledores crush on gridewald made him consider genocide . 
  so you 've been publicly shamed , by jon ronson . 
  it 's narrated by the author and his voice is just so soothing . 
  and it was really interesting to here about the aftermath of these cases of public shaming nd how it affected people . 
  this is a good , snarky take on the whole announcement . 
  charge your phone, 
  thing is , i thought i was a feminist , not an active one , but i thought i agreed with what they stood for . 
  needless to say that was before tumblr and reddit showed me the batshit insane that feminism have turned into . 
  edit : and i 'm banned from feminism for asking questioning to much , i guess ?
