  the facts that you 're making adult size sweater makes me a little jealous since i 'm not quite ready for that kind of commitment yet . 
  do it ... for science . 
  make a scarf !, 
  to me that looks about right . 
  how do you fasten the arm , knit on while working or fasten after ? 
  it looks great . 
  love the slightly bended overness of it , makes it look even more fancy . 
  i think the biggest different between norway and quebec is that norway is totally awesome , we believed in the norse gods 1000 years ago and we do n't speak french . 
  yup , most people treat extended family the same way . 
  we meet up for baptisms , confirmations , weddings , round birthdays , and funerals . 
  other then that we pretend they do n't exist . 
  that looks really nice . 
  huh ... that 's my tactic as well . 
  i love it !, 
  seriously , i might take parts of this to make a christmas present for my cousin . 
  [ amnesty internationals ] ( http://www.refworld.org/country,,,,cub,,57f361eba,0.html ) report on press freedom in cuba . 
  i 'm paying good money to have my breast squashed together so that i can do situps and see over them , so i want maximum squeesage . 
  oh yeah , that is a def plus . 
  they are adorable !, 
  and now i really want them !, 
  they have anti-bac wipes made specifically for phones and tablets , those for hands usually have ingredients to prevent your hands from drying out . 
  so adorable !, 
  makes me want to be a better crocheter . 
  looking good , i 'd probably ad some more back-stitching to make the image pop more . 
  [ here 's the final countdown ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jk-ncrmvcw ), 
  i have tension problems that i 'm working on . 
  but , this would be perfect for my niece . 
  and now it 's on my ever growing list of things to make . 
  [ you made me do this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iddp8aaigtq ), 
  remember , you can mail pretty big packages as letters , lowering the price significantly . 
  ask at the post office . 
  usually i can send a shoebox sized package with no problem . 
  there will be no tracking , or insurance . 
  but i 've never had issues . 
  that said , i 'm from scandinavia , and it might work differently where you 're from . 
  it 's gorgeous !, 
  reminds me of the table cloths my great aunt used to have , she was amazing at crochet . 
  i have a bunch of tiny hooks from her and she made big diningroom table cloths with them . 
  i just googled embroidery stitches . 
  when i found something i liked i went to youtube for tutorials . 
  then i made a whole bunch of samplers with whatever colour floss i had . 
  i 'm pretty happy with a bunch of them . 
  if pinterest was n't glitching right now i 'd give you a few links , but pintrest is glitching right now . 
  you have to have an epic table for something as gorgeous as that !, 
  amazing !, 
  work with what you have , my giftee have n't given me much to work with , but i 've sent them a message where i asked a bunch of questions about everything and nothing . 
  if everything else fails there 's always gift cards or christmas candy/ornaments . 
  everything on [ how to cake it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucvm1hvcrjmvwdtatyarc0ka ) is amazing . 
  great hat !, 
  you do n't havr salestax for food in the us ? 
  thanks for the reply !, 
  til, 
  til, 
  that 's it , i 'm going to make one of these . 
  this is pretty much perfect . 
  it 's to try and trick the automated copyright trackers . 
  i remember the protested outside a psychiatric hospital , it was a minor controversy because the main guy behind the protest had been a judge on some singing show at some point . 
  what kind of things are you sending ? 
  is it just amazon who wont send or is there restrictions from saudi arabia ? 
  the answers were vague . 
  i sent them a message , with some questions , and they replied quickly with some more info and clarifications . 
  i still send snacks to my snack exchange santa from a year ago , and they send me back !, 
  oh yeah , i spent a fortune sending to australia , almost three times what i spent on the items . 
  but my giftee loved the gift , so it was worth it in the end . 
  those who can not remember the past are condemned to repeat it . 
  nope . 
  i will not even think about what to get for another few days . 
  and now i 'm crossing my fingers for a piano , ukulele , violin , or mandolin to arrive in my mailbox sometime before christmas . 
  and at the same time i 'm worried , because there 's no room for a grand piano in the apartment . 
  i do n't know if knowing that makes me very happy or very sad . 
  this is more about banning research . 
  dad , get of reddit !, 
  also , take the upvote and go sit in the corner and think about what you 've done . 
  from the martian mindy park/mark watney . 
  they are both adorable , and geeky . 
  from 50 shades i 'm partial to exiting black guy/anastasia . 
  everone knows that 's the best kind of incest . 
  on a serious note , a coworker of mine believed that if clinton became president late term abortion would become mandetory . 
  i think they should bring some , just to prove that the baby dolls the other side brings is n't accurate, 
  no as in hilary would , possibly personally , rip out any fetuses a few days before term whether you like it or not . 
  you 're the best daddy ever . 
  makes more sense then what leviticus 4:12 actually says . 
  i 'm doing a half marathon in june . 
  it 's really fun , over a mountain . 
  i plan on getting a better time then last year , when i spent a little over 5 hours . 
  there was a lot of crazy talk from both sides at work . 
  i spent a lot of time in the bathroom ignoring everything and playing candy crush . 
  i really wish i was . 
  she goes to a really batshit insane church . 
  i work with a lot of very christian people , the african immigrants are the worst , but the local crazies are not that much better . 
  i ca n't wait for the national elections next year , and hear what she has to say about the labour party . 
  she thinks the mainstream christian party is n't christian enough , and that party is crazy religious . 
  now my neck is freezing a little because i do n't have this cowl in my life . 
  it 's pretty much perfect . 
  earlier , they knew how to make fire in the stone age . 
  it 's ok , norway regrets the nobel committee . 
  it 's pretty much where we put old politicians who refuse to go away . 
  [ ancient mars ] ( http://archiveofourown.org/works/6802603/chapters/15535918 ) , a wip the martian fic about mindy park and mark watney meeting on earth after the return from mars , and there 's a cat called avocado . 
  i love these smaller characters stories . 
  this is funny , and adorable , and a little frustrating because come on , kiss already !,
