  fighting the urge to open right now . 
  actually that is n't entirely true . 
  i wish i was n't on mobile ao i could throw links at you , but a larger percentage of heroin users then yoj would think are high functional recreational users . 
  yes to both of these !, 
  my only hope is dor a zero credit one , because they tend to be my favourite, 
  sad puppy . 
  is n't a lot of the seminars run by food manufactors and their loby groups ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've seen coca-cola have had seminars . 
  do you have link to the episode ? 
  i have n't been able to find it anywhere . 
  saving this for later . 
  a first step is to ban junk food comercials from airing around kids programs . 
  i agree , but it 's easier to limit the healthy foods then it is the calorie dense food . 
  are you sure the doctor is n't blind ? 
  because not even mentioning it seems borderline maloractice to me . 
  that was me last summer !, 
  so of course we barely had a day of sun . 
  this year i 've added some time in the gym to my workouts . 
  hoping for sun this year . 
  i 've been blocking anythibg that is n't personal posts for a year now , and it 's helped a lot . 
  when i was a teenager my mom qould buy me clothing that was at least one size to smal , and always with a comment on how it would look so good on me when i lost some weight . 
  needless to say i never lost any weight . 
  i had the oposite happen recently , watching a video from high school and looking for someone only to remember that she has gained at least 100 lbs since then . 
  i had my once a month cheat day today . 
  and when i was in the store thinking about what to get i remembered something fat me loved . 
  and when i finally sat down to eat it was terrible . 
  both bland and without texture and to salty and chewy . 
  i ate 1/3 and then opened a cider . 
  i doubt very much i would have even heard about it if it was n't banned . 
  i read this comment in a ridicolus not irish accent , and i 'm not sorry . 
  no idea , but you can find crap like this on the internet for free . 
  there 's still snow on the ground , and you can go skiing right up the mountain next to where i live . 
  and it was snowing today . 
  but as soon as march is through it 's going to get better . 
  baked mashed potato balls with cheese and bbq sauce . 
  and sure , i used to have a lit more cheese , but i do n't think that would have improved the dish . 
  the best part of the day was the handful of jelly beans . 
  i 've seen 3 different primary physisians in the last 10 years and none of them have even mentioned my weight , and i wish they had thwn maybe it qould n't have taken me 8 years to get it . 
  and thw thing is , i 've eaten entire pizzas and still been fine with calories for rhe day . 
  because a pizza does n't have to be 22 '' , they do sell smaler personal pizzas . 
  a take out place near where i live sell personal pizzas that are around 700 calories each , thin crust amazing sauce and veggies with cheese . 
  look up pictures of john mccain when he was younger . 
  5 ' 1 '' and feel your pain . 
  have a coworker who everyone says can eat whatever she wants and not gain weight , because she 's thin and always eats the snavks at work . 
  i 've heard what she actually eats , and breakfast at 5pm is a regular thing for her . 
  that and it can stump your growth . 
  sometimes bodies react differently . 
  i mean my mother will bloat up to thw point where her skin cracks on prednisone . 
  personally i 've never noticed any side effects . 
  this looks like feminist propaganda . 
  yes . 
  i 'm almost two years in and i 'm still amazed at how filling healthy food can be . 
  i 'm starting to see that it 's a universal issue . 
  i mean my doctoe had no problem prescribing more and more asthma medication , but mentioning that training and losinc some weight might help me was out of the question . 
  netflix is cheap . 
  either go to the library or spend the money . 
  stealing is n't the answer . 
  i could not agree more . 
  cozy toes for me !, 
  but it is the morning !, 
  i 'm even eating breakfast while thinking about my sock preferences . 
  is this where i mention that my pizzas are a\u00f8ways thin crust and have no cheese ? 
  is this where i mention that my pizzas are a\u00f8ways thin crust and have no cheese ? 
  that is the difference , thinspo is a pure pro-ana thing . 
  while fatspo is ... i 'd like to say majority soft core porn , never go to the tag without blocking adult content unless you want to see more pussy then the crazy cat lady does . 
  any tags that have been used systematically to violate tumblrs terms of conditions are either banned or get a warning . 
  i 'm pretty sure a bunch of feeder tags have been banned as well, 
  there were tags banned or locked down on both sides of the spectrum . 
  i think i recal that there were a few feeder/feedee tags that got jidden from search . 
  i work with someone like this . 
  blames everything on her pcos , but when a coworker asked her about going low carb she got really mad . 
  you did that on purpose , did n't you ? 
  yes , go to the pit . 
  my ass have gone from a blob of unshapely fat to sonething more classically ass shaped thanks to squats and not eating like a trashcan . 
  not to rain on the parade , but even as great as the description sounds the books are a lot of repetition and in need of a good editor or three . 
  a cross country skiier trained with the national team her entire pregnancy , gave birth in december and is back to racing now . 
  she is an extreme example , and she was crazy fit to begin with . 
  but it 's not impossible . 
  i loved beer as a toddler . 
  i guess my parents were abusive for not letting me intuitivly get drunk all the time . 
  there is a secret eaters episode about this exact thing , and shockingly it turns out she was eating to much . 
  they look so cute !, 
  [ like this ? 
  ] ( https://www.tumblr.com/blog/all-yellow-wood-sorrels-matter ), 
  that 's to bad , the movie looked interesting ( and pretty ) . 
  sometimes simple is more impressive . 
  i 'm stealing this quote and making it for my brother-in-law . 
  this is so pretty . 
  i must learn how to read charts . 
  like now . 
  for sure . 
  you are made out of sunshine and magic and the best yarn money can buy . 
  oh yeah , mad respect . 
  `` hey , i 'm eating here ! '', 
  it 's not a real dragon , it 's a title for a man child who wants to fuck three bitches at once . 
  16 year old me loved the series , but rereading it 15 years later made me realize that all the things that annoys me in the 9th book was already present in the first . 
  the writing gets better ad the series goes on , but if you make a drinking game where you take a sip every time a woman tugs at her braid or talk about stubborn men you 'd be drunk within the first 10 pages . 
  that and atone point things stop happening . 
  book-a-minute have a pretty great summary of the series . 
  i hear it gets better at some point , but i never reached that point .
