  til, 
  i 'm on a the social network binge right now , and yet i 'm going to rec a harry potter story , or more correctly a hermione story . 
  linkffn ( 11910994 ), 
  it 's long , wip that is still updated , and made me like hermione . 
  my one warning is that it does have a love triangle element to it , but the majority of the story is great . 
  so many , in fact , a good chunk of the fandoms i either have followed or still am following . 
  stargate ( all versions ) , numb3rs , csi ny , teen wolf , andromeda , harry potter , marvel verse , the list is long . 
  mostly it 's because i like quite angsty stories or think the original story was fine but did n't take it far enough . 
  i agree with everything you say . 
  as a 5 ' 1 '' woman i think you should check your tall-short privilege . 
  oh , yeah , if it 's like that from factory it 's a clear defect . 
  you 're right , but also , stop mansplaining , you fascist . 
  pretty much . 
  i 'm sorry , i 'll go flog myself in the rain . 
  honestly , the [ forest fire map ] ( http://fires.globalincidentmap.com ) is much more interesting . 
  and the [ outbreak map ] ( http://outbreaks.globalincidentmap.com ) is more terrifying . 
  i just bought so many books i got a new badge !, 
  good luck , make sure no one bites you . 
  the martian is my go to positive book . 
  `` i 'm a cat version of sherlock holmes . '', 
  i 'm not a fan of fireworks , but if i knew this person i would have made a point out of setting of a bunch outside their house . 
  this is what happens when religions are started by violent psycopaths , they make sure to allow entrance to heaven to violent psycopaths . 
  and earthworms have a purpose in life . 
  i want one of lemon talking about planes disapearing into black holes . 
  then you should go picket your local library , who throws out a lot of books . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.npr.org/sections/monkeysee/2011/10/12/141265066/hard-choices-do-libraries-really-destroy-books ), 
  i hope the polish man was n't hurt . 
  it 's a manufactured , protected workplace . 
  someone in my family works in one of them , and he 's really proud of the work he does , but most of what he does could be done much faster by machines . 
  wait , kesha is coming out with a new album ? 
  yeah !, 
  i 've been listening to it on repeat for the better part of an hour . 
  it really is the best thing . 
  ca n't wait for the new album , i 'm hoping will come . 
  my one problem with her old albums is that it was very ... produced . 
  she has an amazing voice , and it 's a shame about all the auto tune . 
  he should test his blood sugar when he gets up in the morning . 
  when i was a child i used to have very low blood sugar , i could not function at all , and used to either eat a banana first thing or have a fructose tablet . 
  there 's a lot of her live performances on youtube . 
  if the only symptom is low functional in the morning then doubtfully . 
  but there is some conditions with it as a symptom so i 'd mention it to your doctor . 
  i spent 2 days in the hospital when i was 7 or 8 to have it checked out , so they took it pretty serious . 
  edit : [ about hypoglycemia ] ( http://www.healthline.com/health/hypoglycemia-without-diabetes#diagnosis5 ), 
  how come when i do n't go into a grocery store with a shopping list i keep making terrible choices ? 
  i mean , what is it about the lack of written instructions that makes me think frozen pizza is a good choice for dinner , just because they were on sale ? 
  i do n't even like them all that much , but now i have 4 in my freezer . 
  also kesha has a new song , you should all go listen to it ; [ praying ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v-dur3uxxcq&amp;feature=youtu.be ), 
  honestly the worst stories i 've read are all from new writers , who do n't deserve to be shamed for being new . 
  as for what made them bad , the biggest sin is formatting , and word choice ( or the lack of ) . 
  i can deal with all else , but if your story is n't readable ? 
  just , no . 
  a few stories comes to mind , but i do n't keep links to stories i do n't like . 
  that and , i do n't see the point in shaming authors . 
  maybe try one of the harry potter specific subs . 
  i can get behind this choice . 
  get it from the library , do n't pay for this terrible story . 
  i mean dumbledore , like most adults in childrens literature is de facto asexuals . 
  his sexuality is never mentioned in canon , but then again i do n't see a picture of mcgonogall , umbridge , or any of the other teachers here . 
  a bigger question is why these people have n't moved past watching and reading media aimed at children . 
  where i work part time there was a food culture where every late shift someone would bring frozen pizzas or make a cake , it was driving me insane . 
  luckily they remodelled the kitchen and now there 's only a steamer oven that no one really understands , so no more bad frozen pizza and only the most insistent people bring cake . 
  i 'm a fan of death of the author . 
  if it 's not stated in the book , then it did n't happen and anything the author tries to retroactively cram in there i ignore . 
  [ tim pool talking about the violence and targeting of journalists . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mkzujpqgro4 ), 
  [ unesco 's anti-israel resolution gets least votes ever ] ( https://www.unwatch.org/unescos-anti-israel-resolution-gets-least-votes-ever/ ), 
  unesco sure seems to make a lot of bad resolutions as of late . 
  valid viewpoint . 
  i just do n't care about what the author thinks , at all , ever . 
  they still live on voat . 
  i go there sometimes . 
  they are even sadder and more pathetic then they were here . 
  fitbit people are the worst . 
  i have a coworker who wears one and insist that she 's walked over 10 000 steps by lunch , which she certanly have not . 
  but she uses it to justify her enourmous lunch `` salad '' and why she drinks soda all shift , to keep her energy up . 
  shockingly the airlines wsnts you to be fastened to your seat during turbulence and take off/landing . 
  not just that , but responders will have a harder time helping them , so treatment might be delayed . 
  and do n't forget the double scoop of ice cream, 
  some of the women are still alive . 
  well after islamists , communists do commit most of the few terrorattacks left . 
  edit : cofefe, 
  i read all the books years ago , and while i loved the concepts and story , i was n't a fan of his writing style . 
  although i do n't remember what it was i did n't like about it . 
  mighy have to reread them . 
  i 'm just not a huge fan of pinboard . 
  might have to learn how to use chrome on my phone . 
  it does seem like the best alternative . 
  does it have the ` other users have bookmarked this ' feature ? 
  that was the biggest selling point for me with delicious . 
  and then the skip got less harsh . 
  a part of me wants this to be the most guy richie of all movies , but most of all i 'm wondeging ` yeah , why is guy richie set to direct this ? ', 
  i love the postman , for the most part . 
  but there are a few chapters about computers that 's just ... not up to date . 
  luckily it 's a tiny part of the story . 
  or they put it in a waterbottle . 
  finding bad words is at least half the fun with these word searches . 
  i want this . 
  i need this . 
  the one comment is golden . 
   there 's an easy answer .
