  cookies from subway are also disgusting . 
  final destination 2 had female nudity ? 
  for that matter , which one is the second one ? 
  is it the one with the two women in the tanning beds ? 
  oh yeah , lady killers was a terrible remake of a not so bad movie . 
  oh ... i actually like that one . 
  do n't remember any nudity . 
  wait , there 's a guy with a bare torso , does that count ? 
  i 'll remember you if i ever end up on a game show , the category is ` final destination ' , and i can call a friend . 
  i 'll even share the prize . 
  that movie sounds terrible , will watch it first chance i get . 
  * insert obligatory princess bride line . 
  it 's more in the new trend of yoghurt with more protein . 
  and sure , it does look like it 's aimed at men , but then the dairy industry have spent decades advertising to women , so why not . 
  eh ... half sanity , there 's a lot of woo here . 
  i 've been this person , with my niece . 
  i tried to distract , tried to tell her we were coming back tomorrow , but in the end i had to pick her up and carry her to the stroller . 
  she cried her heart out for a good minute until i distracted her by pointing out a bike going past . 
  eh , the rarely say anything new . 
  the pumpkin spice is white oppression , or pumpkin spice hate is misogyny thing is a sign that autumn is here . 
  to be fair , she 'd probably love that . 
  and her mother would kill me if i lost another one . 
  huh ... something funny on collegehumor ? 
  fuck these people , it 's not even the middle of september , halloween is not right arounf the fucking corner . 
  it 's a fetish , do n't kinkshame them . 
  sometimes you just want to eat ice cream until you ca n't eat anymore . 
  idk , halo top was n't amazing , but some of the flavours were quite good . 
  yup . 
  i 'm at the point where i do n't care if buzzfeed discovers the lost city of atlantis . 
  i 'm ignoring the garbage site . 
  they are remaking the movie . 
  with johnny depp . 
  i shit you not . 
  i 'd be sad , because it was a pretty effective way for the fire and police service to give short messages about closed roads , fires etc. 
  but other then that ? 
  fuck no . 
  the local fire and police department use it to give messages about closed roads and fires and other small things . 
  it 's pretty great to find out why the traffic is n't moving . 
  i 'm going to become a nun , then move to an isolated nunnery and make a vow of silence . 
  then i will shot anyone who even tries to say * that * , in the face . 
  now , i 'm of to / r/christianity to learn about this jesus guy . 
  i had to end an argument today between two people , where one of them was convinced one of his friends had been raptured . 
  i would have just taken out the popcorn to watch the show , but i had to serve lunch to one of them . 
  that and they were being loud . 
  i 'm not vegetarian , but i stay away from most poultry . 
  no matter how you look at it you ca n't justify treating animals that badly . 
  this reminds me of my old workplace , where pretty much every web page was blocked * except * reddit . 
  told them that they were both pretty , and that one of them had physiotherapy in half an hour so they better start eating . 
  i 'm a charming lady . 
  this is an actual issue , wrapped up in so much sjw nonsense that it clouds the real problem . 
  by the way , there 's a really funny better of ted episode about this . 
  i was close to tears when they removed it from netflix . 
  story time , when i was a late teen , i made a livejournal post about something kind of racist my grandmother said . 
  it was picked up by a neo-nazi blog . 
  it was kind of terrible . 
  did i leave the internet forever ? 
  no , i shut down the account and opened a new one , and became more restrictive about who could see my posts , because shitty people exist . 
  i 'm just ... huh . 
  i ca n't even bother to be frustrated by this . 
  not even a little peeved . 
  i have officially no more fucks to give . 
  thank you internet . 
  [ * sigh * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m7hjh0ih3dc ), 
  it does n't believe in all the gods , not just one . 
  i thought i was super liberal , then i spent a few weeks in liberal usa and nope turns out i 'm kind of conservative . 
  i do n't do most of these things . 
  and while i do avoid walking certain places after dark , or at day time if i do n't absolutely have to , it 's more about not being mugged by a junkie then a fear of being raped . 
  my sister went to one of her concerst because she kind of liked her music and wanted to see her live before she died of an overdose . 
  the funny thing is i 've voted for actual communists , with no regret . 
  but the us broke me . 
  jokes on you , you already kind of do . 
  the only difference is you ca n't blame a protein deficiency for the size of your gut . 
  the unnatural vegan did a great video on peta, 
  herhand to head proportions are already pretty fucked up , making it a babybel does not make it less disturbing . 
  deutch or norwegian ? 
  does this read troll to anyone else ? 
  like someone goading riley to address the fatphobia and transphobia is equally bad line ? 
  wait , is it just rapping or all vocal performance ? 
  i 'm about to take some cough syrup , how long do i have to wait before i can rapp ? 
  missed , or ignored ? 
  who can tell . 
  there 's something so sinister about trans activists who just * happen * to have trans children . 
  i want to cry while listening to audiobooks . 
  anyone have recommendations ? 
  i 'm making the gift , but there is a medical emergency in my family right now and i do n't have as much time as i need to finish it by the shipping deadline . 
  i 've informed my giftee , who says no problem , and i 'm shipping as soon as i can , but is there anyone i should notify ? 
  i just got back to audible gold monthly , and what i noticed pretty much at once is that there 's no link to buy more credits . 
  is this something you have to be a member a while to have available ? 
  right now i 'm seriously considering paying $ 150 for 12 credits . 
  it 's been 10 days since my santa marked the gift shipped . 
  today i was told ` pictures or gtfo ' , so i reported no gift . 
  i 'm not sure if i should sign up for rematching , because i really want to give my santa more time before declaring them a liar , and my santa was super nice . 
  in addition there 's probably people who need the rematch more then me . 
  sorry for the ranting ... 
  edit : santa have had their proof of shipping approved , so the gift is probably on the way somewhere . 
  for the teacher exchange my teacher asked for books , and i was wondering if there was somewhere that sold books for cheap ? 
  i 've posted the first one before to ask for help with colours . 
  then i found the second picture and i 'm not sure which one i want to use . 
  the first one is more mature in a way , but in many ways it looks more like matt smith then doctor who , the opposite is true of the second . 
  and i just ca n't decide which one would look better .
