  no one can pronounce his name right . 
  then maybe you should get payed to teach those classes instead of her freeloading buttocks . 
  short workplace story : i 'm 5 ' 1 '' , and work with a lady who is a little taller then me . 
  the difference is that while i 'm chubby , definitely overweight , she is obese . 
  there 's a lot of things stored high up , and i spend a lot of time either jumping , or standing on my tip toes to get things down from high places . 
  her reach is terrible , her stomach gets in the way , her balance is terrible , and she ca n't stand on her toes , or jump a little to reach high shelves . 
  eh , it 's liquids , not water , and depending on what they eat they can get enough of it in their food . 
  do you have a source for that claim ? 
  take a closer look at the mannequins , usually there will be pins to make the clothing fit . 
  the reason why the mannequins are so small is because , well , did you ever play with barbies or dolls ? 
  then you know how much of a pain it was to dress a stiff form in tight clothing . 
  now imagine the doll being bigger . 
  i had to tell two co-workers recently that it was n't polite to talk negative about food other people was eating . 
  you can say you do n't like it , but do n't go into detail about how disgusting it is . 
  they were a bit shocked , but honestly they are both adults and should n't need to be told . 
  huh ... 
  although i 've never really found them useful , because they tend to be wildly inaccurate . 
  you ca n't really help people who do n't want help or do n't think they have a problem . 
  and sometimes you have to think of yourself first . 
  i 'm sitting at lunch , and i 'm tired and annoyed at my obese co-worker . 
  the work involves a lot of walking , a lot of lifting , and making bed and xetching things . 
  and she physically can not do it . 
  she has to sit down quite often , because she 's tired , so while i 've been running around like crazy and only berb sitting when next to a patient , she sits in the breakroom . 
  she ca n't make beds , she ca n't reach accross the bed and it ends up looking like a mess . 
  and while i have no problem telling others to do it again , there is n't a point for her to make it badly again . 
  and she started talking about lunch half an hour before we usually sit down , and we were half an hour late , because we had to make up fot everything she was n't doing . 
  luckily the other person i 'm working with is a shitlord who have no fucks to give . 
  i was mean today , i threw away a whole bunch of chocolate that had been sitting out for the better part of a month and was starting to turn white . 
  the reason why there were any chocolate left was that the giant bowl would get half empty and then someone would empty another box o er it . 
  there is so much unopened chocolate left , and i hope people remember that they do n't havr to eat it all this week . 
  update : fuck everything . 
  seriously . 
  every . 
  thing . 
  the lazy , obese co-worker have been lazy and obese all day . 
  she can barely wslk down the halway , like 10 m , without having to sit down for a break , she shuffles the entire way and my knees hurt when i see her messed up legs . 
  to top it of she left 15 minutes early so she would n't miss the buss , the same buss i was planning on taking . 
  i say planning because i had to work for two for the next 20 minutes , so i did miss the buss . 
  all . 
  and i ca n't even go running , because i will slip on the ice and die . 
  the bus is 20 minutes away , i 'm freezing . 
  so fuck it . 
  i 'm treating myself to a happy meal dinner . 
  same thing happened with a boy a few years older then me , but in the same middle school . 
  got shot in the head with a rifle . 
  first time could be an accident , and you get a warning . 
  second time is a pattern , of eithet neglicent or malice , no more guns for you . 
  quiche !, 
  a quick to make , and cheap crust , eggs , and whatever milk you like . 
  then fill with any and everything . 
  i made it yesterday using 10 eggs , with spinach , tomato , mushroom , and feta cheese . 
  middle of the oven for an hour or a little less at 200 * c. 
  just above 400 cal for a big piece , and there is 8 pieces . 
  yeah , i use it to track calories on the run . 
  and for the most part it 's fine . 
  although i still have the problem with way to many , and completely different , results for certain things i do n't have the barcode for and that is n't fruit and veggies . 
  you always double check if you can . 
  and using it for macro is ... not accurate . 
  i mean , according to mfp the jam i had yesterday contained no sugar . 
  yeah , i wish there was a way to add at least carb protein and fat for quick add . 
  then again , there probably is in premium . 
  this is questionable wellness , but it turns out i will not wait 15 minutes to buy chicken nuggets , but i will take two trains and walk 0,5 km to buy tropical red bull . 
  in my defense they were on sale . 
  that said , i had to report no gift a few days ago , because redditgifts was yelling at me . 
  i have no doubt the gift will get here . 
  that sounds lovely !, 
  when shopping with one of my more natural health inclined friends , i try to look for aspartame on the ingredient list without her seeing me , because i do n't want to spend the next hour talking about dangerous chemicals , when i just do n't like the taste of aspartame . 
  did n't you know , according to all the [ clickbate ] ( http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation-now/2017/01/04/surgeon-uncovers-new-organ/96158008/ ) sites surgeons have just found a new organ !, 
  can confirm , i have a $ 70 huawei phone . 
  in addition some people still use phones from before they became homeless . 
  i got a diploma from my knitting club because i always start something new at every meeting and have frogged it by the end of it . 
  it 's not ... horribly late yet . 
  with the holidays and everything , i 'd give it some more time . 
  that said i once had to wait almost two months . 
  for me sending a package as a letter to the us will cost about $ 15-20 , but with tracking ? 
  it 's more then twice that . 
  is rematching still going on ? 
  might sign up . 
  you like drunk pussy ? 
  wow, 
  crocodile shears, 
  the aftertaste is horrifying . 
  you 're not going to understand the context , but [ this sketch ] ( https://youtu.be/kwmjfp4sq3y?t=1m1s ) sums up my feelings on aspartam . 
  yeah , the two fire fighters burning to death , where you hear the screaming for way to long is my personal ` nope , never again ' video from that sub . 
  no go with filming , but i am planning on talking to the boss next time we 're in the same building . 
  the problem is that it 's just a weekend job for me , and she 's a regular employee , so not sure how serious my complaint will be taken . 
  well , i do know , it will not be taken seriously at all . 
  but i just came home after the second day in a row working with her , and i 'm just so tired . 
  i 'm nearing the point of dropping her , since she 's having a baby and is anti-vaxer , and will send the kid to a kindergarten and a school where most of the other parents are anti-vaxer . 
  and i have young nieces and nephews . 
  it really does . 
  seriously , losing weight have been the cheapest thing i 've ever done . 
  sure , there 's my new addiction to buying running t-shirts . 
  but that does n't make up for how much smaller my food budget is . 
  i 'm lucky enough to have a tiny kitchen , so buying more stuff for it is out of the question . 
  i 'm unlucky enough to have huge closets , though , so i have a whole bunch of t-shirts now . 
  same here , my maintennce right now is a little less then 1600 calories and i try not to go above that on days when i have a cheat meal . 
  cheat days for me just turned into me eating chocolate for an entire day , which is not recomended, 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  it wad practically written for movie buffs and hollywood insiders .
