  eh ... sometimes you have to vent . 
  that does n't mean i 'm not going to tell her to make it work . 
  sorry , i 've watched 4 seasons of project runway in the last week . 
  i do n't think i 've ever bought 3 pair of pants at once . 
  that 's something my dad would do , 3 of the same pants and then not get anything else for two or three years . 
  and there 's a tendency for petite to be secret code for teen , so little to no room for big hips or thighs . 
  #use affirmations like , `` i love my body at any size ! '', 
  ... except if i lose weight , then i 'll be triggered . 
  nope . 
  i 've read this blog before , and she is serious . 
  try listening to the podcast . 
  i dare you . 
  it really is n't . 
  do n't forget the edgy coloured hair , the kind that you dreamed about getting when you were 13 , but admit would look creepy now that your pushing 30 . 
  unless it 's noisy and or messy , i do n't notice eating habits at all . 
  that said , if your chewing with your mouth open i will ... um ... not punch you , maybe glare at you and then pointedly ignore you . 
  it includes the sentence ` living the big beautiful life you were supposed to live ' if that makes the decision to listen or burn your computer ( and/or the internets ) easier . 
  she has a post dedicated to different ways to deal with chub rub . 
  hint : losing inches around your thighs is not on the list . 
  soda , sure . 
  heck i 'd just spent 3 hours drinking soda . 
  the difference ? 
  i had about 0,3 liter , she was chugging down on 1,5 liter of cola . 
  so , sure she could have calculated those 600ish calories into her daily budget , but is it likely ? 
  it was more the sight of her holding the bottle with two hands and sucking on it like it was giving her life as her fupa bobbed up and down every time she swallowed . 
  if she had been drinking a small bottle , i would n't have looked twice . 
  but those bottles are large and i wanted to burp in sympathy . 
  the teenage way to get drunk , eat very little during the day , combined with a low tolerance to begin with , and get drunk on 2 beers . 
  it is the worst . 
  nothing , dad . 
  now i wish i had someone to give nsfw cross stitch to . 
  i 'm going to just say it . 
  go to the store , get some supplies , and clean it . 
  alternatively just get them a new one . 
  and it 's probably going to look just as bad in a few months , but if this is their main method of heating food then getting a new one and either coming around to keep it clean or getting a new one in 6 months would seem like the best solution here . 
  after you cremate there is only bones and metal objects left . 
  that sounds like a great idea , although i would maybe run it by the teacher to make sure it 's practical for them to get to the store . 
  i signed up for the comic book exchange and i know nothing about comics . 
  i was upfront with my match and worked around what the person said about themselves and their likes and dislikes . 
  my giftee ended up really liking the gift . 
  i had to go away from this in favour of doing the teacher exchange . 
  it would have been fun , but i really could n't do more then one exchange this round . 
  well , that and key-chain , but that is so small that i 'm not really counting it . 
  yeah , that is something for a dermatologist to deal with . 
  the strands unravel if you look at them to much , threading the needle is time consuming , and if you use more then one strand they are so slick that they will not stay together . 
  but they are so pretty . 
  and feels so smooth and nice . 
  it looks great !, 
  makes me want to try for a bigger pattern . 
  that is a great idea , and it looks amazing !, 
  never heard of them , but will check them out !, 
  although i do try to buy my threads in local stores to help keep them open , they usually do n't carry metalics . 
  and anything that is less painful to use then dmc metallic is a + . 
  ouch !, 
  crossing my fingers that it will be better tomorrow . 
  kitten alphabet . 
  must find kitten alphabet . 
  that blind girl is adorable though , and it 's a much funnier story then a blond girl would be . 
  you better be sorry . 
  i was really looking forward to her being denied to start the race . 
  i might have been a little hyperbolic , but i think it 's a defence mechanism seeing as i have one more colour in satin and 4 in metallic . 
  i 'm in the same situation . 
  the gift should have been here by now , but it is n't . 
  i 've marked it as not recieved , but i just really hope my santa has the shipping proof in order , because they were really nice . 
  it does look really pretty . 
  or when on cartons the calories are in grams , but the amount of liquid in the carton is in ml . 
  and for water that conversion is simple , but for other liquids ? 
  not so much . 
  meh ... sure , some people wear them to hide their stomach . 
  i wear them because they are comfortable , does n't leave my lumbar area cold , and do n't show my ass-crack when i sit down . 
  and , lets not forget , they look good on me . 
  i just do a small latte for 100-120 calories depending on fat % of the milk . 
  these girls annoy me so much . 
  if you want `` eat whole , clean foods '' , then why are you at starbucks to begin with ? 
  truth, 
  well done . 
  you got me with this one . 
  so my decision to watch this on mute was a good one . 
  because the pictures alone is horrifying . 
  mind blown !, 
  and if you use the detachable cables with stoppers it 's not going to fall off . 
  if you go to another country without even the vaguest idea about what the sizing in said country is , then you 're not really interested in buying clothing . 
  italian sizes have always run small , it 's not a secret . 
  i did after i posted and it was ... terrifying and heartbreaking and i kept thinking `` please die , please die '' when the screaming continued . 
  strangely i am to . 
  wait until you 're matched , then see what they want . 
  i do n't think it 's guaranteed you 'll get a match from morocco if there is n't enough teachers to send to . 
  i 'm planning on sending a what they need package and a ` treats for teacher ' package in addition . 
  this might be my new quote for life . 
  that was my experience as well . 
  i also went from having to change tampons every 30 minute some days , to you know , leaving them in for a few hours . 
  not to big is pretty much my only criteria . 
  i use plastic floss bobbins , and have a box i put them in sorted by number . 
  but if you google how to organize embroidery threads you can find a lot of different ideas what you think is the better way . 
  as for dmc there is n't just the normal threads , there is satin and metallic and a lot of others that i do n't even remember , and they all use the same numbers with a letter in front . 
  as for why there is some with four numbers this is the best answer i know about https://answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20130218095604aa69lln, 
  i guess this is why they say not to go into business with family , when the shit hits the fan it hits hard . 
  that said , a very similar thing happened where i used to work . 
  it was basically a methodist establishment and the ceo was a priest . 
  and he embezzled a good $ 2mill .
