  turns out it 's the way they are regulated . 
  for children 's birthday party . 
  because it looks fun . 
  is that supposed to be a knee ? 
  you 're supposed to figure out what kinds of foods keep you satiated for longer . 
  but being a little hungry is n't dangerous . 
  annoying , yes . 
  but you 'll live . 
  i 'm at the crazy questions . 
  seriously , people name their vacuums ? 
  and gender it ? 
  why are there so many crazy people . 
  i usually do n't bother with selling things . 
  the things i unload usually are not worth enough for the trouble . 
  books/dvds/cds / etc all goes to a charity organization , lions . 
  clothing/smaller item goes to second hand markets . 
  bigger things i throw up on a website where people who wants it comes and picks it up . 
  i do n't follow the ` if you have n't worn it for x amount of months , get rid of it ' advice . 
  the day after laundry is done , i dump all my clothing on the bed , sorted into categories ( tops , bottoms , and outerwear ) . 
  i pick up every individual garment and think , is this something i actually want to wear * again * . 
  does n't matter if i wore it last week . 
  is this something i want to wear again . 
  divided and entwined, 
  fudge does n't try to ignore voldemort 's return at the end of the 4th year . 
  instead , influenced by malfoy , he tries to appease the dark lord . 
  many think that the rights of the muggleborns are a small price to pay to avoid a bloody war . 
  hermione granger and the other muggleborns disagree . 
  linkffn ( 11910994 ), 
  of course it 's from the guardian . 
  that site is pure garbage . 
  cnn , the channel that seriously discussed if a plane could have disappeared inside a black hole . 
  they are a joke . 
  my first thought was , sure they no longer bring you joy . 
  time to ease up on the konmari, 
  huh ... never thought about it like that . 
  catcher in the rye, 
  read it for school when i was 15ish , and did n't get it . 
  but i kept thinking about those ducks . 
  then a fewyears later i read an article about the book , reread it and it 's now one of my favourite books . 
  i work in healthcare . 
  the amount of fatlogic , and pseudoscience being spewed out by people who should know better is staggering . 
  fear of falling to their death do n't stop people from doing stupid things [ here ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/travel/news/trolltunga-death-an-accident-waiting-to-happen-says-tour-guide/ ) . 
  every year a bunch of tourists have to be rescued from norwegian nature because they ignore guids telling them they need to dress better or it 's to late to make the trip . 
  that 's soo abelist of you !, 
  it 's official ( ly self diagnosed ) : i have ptsd , and any mentions of starvation mode is mt biggest trigger . 
  you jest , but i 've had to explain to adults that starving children with big bellies is n't proof that the famine is a false flag operation orchestrated by the who or the un in order to take over the world and force everyone to live in hobbit holes . 
  protein deficiency . 
  it 's a bad joke , but i 'm not outraged by it unless it 's about a child . 
  i do n't care about the person , but i do have sympathy for the people who have to try to rescue the idiots . 
  it is , and i just had a conversation with someone who used it as `` proof '' of a conspiracy theory . 
  the guy is pretty much a self described nazi , and his brain washed wife who used to be a good friend of mine . 
  i used to work in a christian nursing home . 
  sitting in lunch , listening to the 4 people i was working with talk about how they had all seen angels ? 
  yeah , that was awkward . 
  [ a frost of care , hannibal ] ( http://archiveofourown.org/works/5271326/chapters/12163391 ), 
   will graham has been on death row for almost three years , falsely convicted of crimes that he knows were committed by hannibal lecter , but nobody will believe him . 
  alone and frightened , with nothing but the company of the dead , will is struggling to hold onto his sanity . 
  and hannibal lecter has not visited him yet . 
  but he will come . 
  will knows he will come , in the end . 
  [ it started out with a kiss ( how did it end up like this ? , glee ) ] ( http://archiveofourown.org/works/1127906/chapters/2274574 ), 
   when blaine wakes up to see his face plastered over the front of the morning paper , he promptly drops his head on the table and groans . 
  there 's a note at the top of the paper -- obviously scribbled on hurriedly by one of his parents -- which reads rather ominously , we 'll talk about this later . 
  [ a different fate , harry potter ] ( https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4113087/1/a_different_fate ), 
   complete : au : jkr portrays harry as completely unaffected by the avada kedavra cast at him . 
  but how would things have gone if it had been different ? 
  the movie is tracking in the 65-100 mill $ range , they really ca n't afford fucking this up . 
  i think we all should stop saying spirit animal . 
  i would hate it if a toaster became a victim because of us . 
  in norway as well , but then again if you 're caught driving through one theres a pretty big fine . 
  things they tried to teach you at school , but r/watchpeopledie managed to instil in less then an hour . 
  feud . 
  and billions . 
  possibly fargo , although that might not be hbo where you live . 
  good luck , from my living room that is covered in books i 'm sorting through . 
  their not ? 
  wait a second ... and you 're right . 
  but hbo nordic have the rights . 
  and they are great shows , so , you know , watch them anyways ? 
  [ stalin ] ( https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/542389.stalingrad ), 
  yeah , i 've sorted out a ton of books . 
  and still have a lot , but i 'm down to the books i love or the ones i 've bought to read and get rid of . 
  i 'm trying out konmari , but not very strictly . 
  for books , i like having them and knowing there 's a book to read for any occasion . 
  a bigger problem for me is dvds . 
  i buy them cheap , and rarely watch them , but i want to have them in case my internet is down . 
  it 's a mess , and i 'm working on changing my thought pattern there . 
  there are appraisal sites online . 
  unpopulat opinion : i love dumas , but i 'm ok with reading the abridged versions of his books , at least first time reading to get the story and avoid the page long description of a guy sitting down in a chair . 
  they could be using heavy water . 
  the american obsession with school kids playing sports is insane . 
  the idea of school teams is bad enough , but to make it quasi professional just ups the crazy . 
  i read an article about iuds and why there is so limited availability in the us . 
  turns out for a lot of things it 's the way they classify medical equipment , and do n't accept clinical trials from other countries . 
  we gave israel the heavy water to make their first nukes . 
  we 've been feeling a bit guilty about it ever since . 
  but now the government is conservative . 
  cheesus for en ... person . 
  do they recieve any kind of public funding or support , then ban it . 
  if not , let them do what they want .
