  never weigh yourself again . 
  ever . 
  just do n't do it . 
  fitness ( to a point ) is healthy . 
  obsession with weight is unhealthy . 
  if you 're doing it more than once a year at the doctor , just stop . 
  if you really do need to improve your health and keeping track of progress is important , measure your major body parts in the unit of measurement that is n't familiar . 
  so if you 're an american measure yourself in the metric system where you have no emotional attachment . 
  do n't weigh yourself though . 
  you will know if you need to correct by your clothes, 
  maybe it 's a troll , maybe it 's just a really dedicated advocate for the metric system . 
  if seeing the numbers on a scale is n't anything other then another number to evaluate your body , then there 's something seriously wrong and you should talk to a therapist about your issues . 
  welcome to the club !, 
  i noped out of the show before i really began watching because of how biased it was . 
  not always wrong , just clearly favouring one way to read the data over another appealing to authority to make the arguments sound valid without giving the counter arguments . 
  always question comedians on tv telling you something is the absolute truth , i 'm looking at you john oliver . 
  i watched that episode , and even as someone who have never really been a gamer i saw the bs from a mile away . 
  and it 's a truth with modifications . 
  because most doctors will see horses and not zebras . 
  there 's a bunch of examples of doctors thinking a symptom is something common just for it to turn out to be something more sinister . 
  and most of the time they are right . 
  but then there are the outliers . 
  i remember reading about a woman , normal weight , who thought that when she knocked on her head on a specific place the sound was different then when she knocked the rest of her skull . 
  doctors dismissed her , after a while she went and got an mra and it turns out she had a tumour . 
  oh yeah , their definition of authority is shaky at the best of times . 
  * raises hand *, 
  thank you for your service . 
  how old are you ? 
  are you looking for more childrens books or more teenage or adult books ? 
  they would be in jail or military school so fast they would n't know what hit them . 
  i am perfectly capable of cooking * and * watching tv at the same time . 
  depends on your definition of ` came for ' . 
  i mean communists and political opponents were * arrested * first , but when it came to systematic killing then first they came for the disabled and mentally ill . 
  thanks for the tip !, 
  hope it 's as adorable as it sounds . 
  remove from device just removes it from the device . 
  it 's still in the cloud . 
   i never signed up for this . 
  all i did was check out the trial once and i rented an audiobook ( which was crap quality ) with the free trial credits . 
  you did n't read the conditions when you signed up for the trial , did you ? 
  because it 's made clear that unless you cancel after the trial , they will take it as you wanting to stay . 
  i 'd forgotten about that !, 
  seriously , the guy is such a larper . 
  what 's the name of the freakonomics episode ? 
  most of those old books are , i 'm sad to say , trash . 
  i 've worked with second hand markets that have a lot of books , we take everything we are given . 
  and those old books are the ones left on sunday afternoon and end up in the container . 
  it 's the beach reads , crime , newer childrens books , and the better looking classics that get sold . 
  the salvation army will take nice looking hardback nancy drew etc. 
  books and make notebooks out of them . 
  you can of course drop them of at goodwill , but as likely as not they will just have to take the cost of throwing them out at a later point . 
  fana - rich people in big houses . 
  and farms . 
  arna - where the train goes to . 
  and farms . 
  a little cheaper to buy a house here . 
  bergenhus - city people/students, 
  \u00c5sane - the biggest , a lot of different groups . 
  it 's probably the district that 's growing the most . 
  \u00c5rstad - old people . 
  laksev\u00e5g - drug addicts , immigrants , and students . 
  but rich people are starting to move in . 
  fyllingsdalen - strange people . 
  but it 's much better then it was in the 80 's . 
  people tend to live here their entire lives . 
  i think i 'm missing one . 
  but i ca n't for the life of me remember what it 's called . 
  i did . 
  eh , i went for bydeler . 
  i 'm going to the us for the first time in a few weeks , and the first thing i did , before getting tickets , or a hotel , was to search where i could get halo top . 
  this sub has made me strange . 
  and miss a chance to milk your family and friends out of gifts and money ? 
  never , you stinking commie . 
  nice , some for you , some for the baby . 
  perfect . 
  big hips high five !, 
  and it would help if democrats were n't idiots about the issue . 
  i 'm pro choice , but i cringed at some og the things democrats and their supporters management to say about it . 
  a bit crass , but i ser your point . 
  i mean what is the guardian argument ? 
  the girl is to immature to make the decision to havean abortion , but totally fine raising a child ? 
  or are they forcing her to have the baby and then have it placed for adoption ? 
  from what i under stand , she was raped by a family member , and she was removed from her parents because og the abuse so there was n't anyone to concent for her . 
  it 's a real clusterfuck og a case . 
  that would be the simple scenario , where the girl would sue her parents for medical emancipation . 
  but from what i gather she had been removed from her parents because og the abuse , so there was n't anyone to concent for her . 
  no , it ` sthere so that minors can have a chance to appeal parents refusal og abortion . 
  i just for cancer from looking at that sub , i hope your happy . 
  i just for cancer from looking at that sub , i hope your happy . 
  i just for cancer from looking at that sub , i hope your happy . 
  go to their corporat office if you want to protest , do n't make life harder for the people working for minimum wage on thanksgiving . 
  and og the child listens to justin bieber it 's stright to the gadd chamber . 
  why was she in buisness and the son in economy ? 
  yeah , but the surgery was to make the into puppy kitten centipeds . 
  they will still be at work there just wont be sales , so any chances of bonuses disappear . 
  usually i eat a combination of these 4 meals , but my shifts are all over the place so it 's a guess when i 'll eat it during the day . 
  also , it 's 100 % set in stone since there 's a lot of variations in the meals themselves based on what i have on hand or what i found for cheap . 
  oatmeal with whatever topping i have on hand , some combination of seeds , nuts , and berries, 
  usually some kind of yoghurt , usually i get them on discount because of date . 
  although sometimes just some kind of fruit .
