  from the company and spent a good share of it on hookers and booze . 
  there was no oversight . 
  there is now . 
  noway is much the same . 
  public offices either have their business hours severely restricted or closed completely . 
  looks really nice !, 
  yes , you can . 
  i use a uk based site , so you might want to find something in the us . 
  this is what i use : http://www.sewandso.co.uk/threads/dmc, 
  https://www.pinterest.com/search/pins/?q=geeky%20baby%20blanket&amp;term_meta[]=geeky | typed & term_meta [ ] = baby | typed & term_meta [ ] = blanket | typed, 
  pintrest is brilliant for this sort of searches . 
  what video games were you thinking you should do ? 
  that sounds terrifying !, 
  like the anti-choice crowd that gives out pamphlets with pictures of aborted foetuses . 
  no problems when i flew to berlin a few months ago . 
  and i had both metal and bamboo needles . 
  this seems like a good idea , i never have big projects , just something to do with my hands for the flight . 
  but if i did have a big project i would probably go this route . 
  when i was 20kg heavier and ate like i was a fat person , i did n't get a single comment . 
  but when i started eating healthy , bringing lunch to work instead of having the calorie heavy options in the cafeteria i got comments every day for a long time . 
  also every time i ate some cake at work there would be constant ' i did n't know you ate this ' comments . 
  i have a co-worker who makes these elaborate lies that everyone knows is a lie , she ca n't keep track of and have no way to follow up . 
  she has a host of psychological problems , and me off regan . 
  is n't her mother the worst ? 
  i mean , she cares for her daughter , but does n't know how to express it or how to approach the subject . 
  that is just terrible , i bet that hitlers mom did n't treat him so callously . 
  if i understand correctly , as long as they do n't claim to cure anything there is little to no restrictions on what they can claim . 
  so , `` cures cancer '' is a no `` helps you lose weight * '' is n't . 
  that was my thought as well , i mean these things seems like nice snack items ( except the soft drink ) , but it 's not a full meal . 
  seems the age of consent is 17 , so in this case it is illegal . 
  that is an epic story of awesomeness !, 
  this makes me wish i drank coffee, 
  oh yeah , i use it to count calories , and double check everything . 
  the exercise part is just wishful thinking . 
  big bag of lentils , big bag of rice , frozen vegetables , and some condiments after taste . 
  it really does n't get cheaper then that . 
  and if you absolutely have to get fast food , skip the drinks and get one or at the most two of these things . 
  wow ... great job . 
  and yes , you look both sad and old in the first photo , which i do n't think anyone want to hear about photos from their wedding day . 
  there is n't a single picture i can find where you can see her eyes , it 's like she 's been stung by a bee . 
  that might sound like a good idea , but it really is n't . 
  there are numerous examples of evangelical christian , quiverful parents who collect disabled children and then not being able to take care of them , and either re-homing them or them dying in accidents like the example below . 
  and why not go about it the other way ? 
  build up the best support system the state can give , where parents and siblings are seen and given the help they need in order to care for their family members . 
  but no , ban abortion and leave the family stranded with nowhere to turn for help . 
  that will teach them not to have disabled children . 
  that was my take as well . 
  a nicer way for the ` grandmother ' to say are you going to cry about it or are you going to do something about it . 
  not everyone needs platitudes . 
  i just do n't see it that way . 
  maybe it 's a cultural difference . 
  send her a message and explain that it 's out of your price range . 
  anyone know some good online stores for bulk school supplies ? 
  good idea . 
  my teacher did n't provide phone number . 
  i 've sent her a message , but what do i do if she does n't give me one ? 
  the site would only accept us number . 
  you get all the halos, 
  i was ready to order until i realized that there was n't a phone number . 
  it 's everyone ? 
  argh ... i 'm waiting a day or two and then i 'm faking a number . 
  did n't mention school name , and staples want a us phone number , which i do n't have . 
  are we policing how people sit in chairs now ? 
  because in that case i 'm going to have to put my shoes on and uncurl from the chair i 'm resting on right now . 
  are they organic ? 
  i only drink organic sjw tears . 
  is the diet sweetened with stevia ? 
  all other sweeteners cause cancer . 
  i 've never been to r/offmychest , and i 'm banned . 
  we should start a sub that automatically bans anyone who post in sjw subs just so that they to can know that wtf feeling of being banned from a sub they have never heard of . 
  my bookmark santa sent me $ 100 in books . 
  so yeah , you can go crazy for any exchange . 
  kosher ?!, 
  what about the palestinians ? 
  how can you defend kosher with how evil israel is ? 
  this gives a more in depth look at her opinion , and in my opinion it is bs . 
  she ignores the fact that stores introduce `` smaller '' sizes ( more and more 00 and 000 ) to compensate for the fact that their sizes are getting bigger . 
  she also ignore the fact that it is the same problem in men 's sizes where it 's suppose to be by inches and still have wildly different measurements from store to store , and few that match the inches given . 
  luckily the comments do n't let her get away with it without a fight . 
  cat 's are a danger to indigenous mammals and birds , they are hunters and kill pretty much anything that ca n't get away . 
  so maybe cats are the perfect allegory for feminists . 
  there is a grain of truth in this , but not in the way tumblr wants it to be . 
  my aunt and uncle got really healthy a few years ago , and by that i mean they started to eat more fruit . 
  the problem was that they did n't replace other foods with fruit , they ate fruit in addition to everything else . 
  eating to many calories caused the obesity epidemic . 
  it 's 1am , and my reading comprehension is not at its best ; but are you saying adam todd brown is good or bad ? 
  i 've been reading your post several times and i just do n't get it . 
  yeah ... i tend to ignore those , the man hating sjw ones always goes a few steps to far . 
  although the wayans brother one was ... fascinating . 
  i have this strange feeling he is trolling us sometimes . 
  it would almost be worth the plane tickets . 
  edit :, 
  it 's only $ 1500 !, 
  amazon , with a little searching you can get them really cheap . 
  yes , that too . 
  holy hannah imagine the nightmare of being her doctor . 
  i bet they all have a drink after she leaves . 
  i know right ? 
  last time i saw my pcp was ... before christmas when the strep throat i had been ignoring turned into an ear infection and a burst eardrum . 
  i do call to fill my prescriptions every 2-3 months .
