  i need this in my life . 
  it 's moby dick !, 
  i did n't see it the first time i watched it . 
  then it started again and horror and nightmares forever and ever and ever . 
  i 'm making a christmas stock right now , i 've got one more and a calender left to do before christmas . 
  i started in february . 
  why not ? 
  i am so envious right now . 
  i really want the tinkerbell to put on clothing one . 
  i got a few of the same , but the ones different were :, 
  fat is not a fairytale, 
  fat is not a feeling, 
  secret eaters made me start count calories . 
  i had used the ' i do n't eat so much ' excuse for so long that finding out that yes , i eat that much was a real eye opener for me . 
  when i first came on reddit , and went through all the subs that they think you 'll like that one was the first to go , because it looked terrible . 
  dressing rooms are the worst , small , bad light . 
  i usually find something that fits , then open the door and take a few steps back . 
  the lighting will be better , there 's usually mirrors outside and no one cares what you look like because they will be fretting over their own clothing , and the few who might care , you know what ? 
  they are the weird ones . 
  you might even get a shop assistant to help you !, 
  that said , in my experience h&m have the nicest dressing rooms . 
  it might be just where i live , but they are big , have plenty of mirrors and good lighting . 
   they mention some of the activists have died . 
  i wonder how old they were when they were activists in the 70s , because they should be about 60-something if they were activists in their 20s ... 
  that was what stood out the most to me as well . 
  i mean , my parents were in their 20s in 1970s . 
  they are not old now . 
  there might be some fatlogic here , but the abc diet is a pro-ana diet . 
  none of the people in this discussion are healthy . 
  yeah , yeah , yeah . 
  it 's 2am and english is n't my first language . 
  is it neither ? 
  i have no idea . 
  yeah , it is amazing . 
  rereading it you are right . 
  blue is n't overtly as bad as red . 
  to me this just read as a conversation between two pro-ana people . 
  and if you go into it there is some amazing dietinglogic in there . 
  i mean , you cycle through different amounts of calories for each day because it somehow tricks your metabolism , so it induces starvation mode . 
  it is so random . 
  that is adorable !, 
  a single man , by christopher isherwood, 
  i was lost . 
  at times i had no idea what the book was talking about , i think i would have gotten more/anything out of the book if i was more knowledgeable about the 80 's and geek/nerd culture in general . 
  i know , right ? 
  the language is so pretty i wanted to read it out loud . 
  am i mean for really looking forwards to her ` run ' ? 
  i will be genuinely sad if she does n't run . 
  i 'm both cheering on her ( because i 'm not even going to attempt an ironman ) and knowing she will fail . 
  it 's two difficult emotions to process at once . 
  i 'll remember to bring popcorn . 
  i googled to see if there might be another silly diet called abc , but i could n't find it . 
  i 've tried the abc diet . 
  i was just hungry for the three or four days i was on it and cheated twice . 
  then i gave up and ate all the food . 
  and to be honest in comparison to the abc-diet , that sw rep is a downright diet genius . 
  i 've watched to many disney sport movies where the underdog , sometimes literally , wins in the end despite no one believing in them . 
  so i still believe there 's a chance . 
  period pants , they live in the back of the closet and comes out when the week of pain and shame comes around . 
  if i listened to my body i would be eating plain sea salt right out of the box . 
  nope , i do n't have any deficiencies , i 've been doing it since i was a child . 
  but that is what my whacked up head thinks i want to eat . 
  and it 's delicious , but you really ca n't live of salt . 
  some infuriate me with their own stupidity , sometimes they have ` helpers ' who keeps them trapped and refuse to let them go . 
  but sometimes ? 
  sometimes they are just people who did n't know what to do and the operation is what they needed in order to get their life together . 
  for me it 's worth watching for the best stories , you get an idea pretty early who will make the effort and who will fail . 
  tumblr is the same . 
  but to be fair it is almost exclusively pro-ana . 
  fatspo tags should not be searched without safe search . 
  there is a lot of fat , nude women there eating fatty foods . 
  that is a great flag you can fly over the gulag they would send you to for anti-social behaviour . 
  but to be fair , soviet did n't discriminate . 
  they sent everyone to the gulag . 
  i would n't even try to swim 2 km . 
  i mean , that is a * long * swim !, 
  so i 'm going to give her credit if she just finishes the swimming , although it does depend on how humble she is after . 
  that would be my guess . 
  if you use #thin or #skinny they warn you that it might contain graphic material and give you information on eating disorders . 
  #fat and #obese have no such warnings . 
  so my guess is that all these tags have been abused , curvy i would guess with sexually explicit material . 
  the #skinny and #thin now comes with a phone number for eating disorder recovery . 
  i 'm tearing up just thinking about that episode !, 
  this is relevant . 
  somehow . 
  what 's with all the asthmatics in the comments using it as an excuse to why they ca n't lose weight ? 
  `` prednisone has a number of side effects that impact their nutritional status , '' gleeksman says . 
  `` the biggest one is significant weight gain , partly due to an increase in appetite from the prednisone , partly due to the way the medication works and slows down the metabolism and leads to fluid retention . '', 
  `` weight loss in that population is no different than weight loss in any other population : balanced diet , increased activity , decreased calories -- basically , the same thing that everybody knows , '' gleeksman says . 
  adorable, 
  that would be a mess . 
  their commenting system is for shit . 
  and part of it is that in many of these countries women belong to their husbands and before that they belong to their fathers . 
  there is n't a need for an official law , because their family will kill them regardless of what the courts say . 
  and that quote is taken out of context as well , most respectable bible scholars believe it 's about how a man should n't treat another man as he does a woman ( since women was seen as less then him ) . 
  women are not their own person . 
  they belong to their husbands or their fathers or pretty much any male relative . 
  so it 's not that they do n't think lesbians are abominations , just like gay men , it 's just that it 's handled ` in house ' with honour killings , no need to involve the justice system at all . 
  i 'm not even to look for a cloth diaper group on voat . 
  i think it 's the different angle that gives this case a chance .
