  but if it truly bothers you , install res . 
  it will allow you to block entire subreddits or posts with certain words in the title on all subreddits from showing up in your feed . 
  finish last years presents in may , start next years in june high five !, 
  but seriously , my sisters and cousins should stop having babies . 
  love them all , but there 's just so many of them . 
  the thumbnail looks great !, 
  the closer up is obviously not as complete as it looks , but still i think it 's going to be amazing !, 
  this non-american uses res and does n't get the problem . 
  that is a terrible search term . 
  that looks great !, 
  what size is it ? 
  time to go to see a gynecologist . 
  so true . 
  much easier to do 5-10 easy minutes every few hours then to break your back trying to move all at once, 
  i got my exposure for free !, 
  i 'm on day 3 right now . 
  no longer projectile vomiting , but no energy to speak of either . 
  if you pay attention there is a lot of ads directed at men , basically telling them that real men eat big portions , and they eat a lot of meat . 
  you can see it reflected in society , or maybe the ads are a reflection of society . 
  women are suposed to care about their figures , men needs to eat a lot to keep strong . 
  chocolate can stay in the kitchen for weeks , chips is gone in hours . 
  5 ' 1 '' here , and mfp is just being cruel at this point . 
  i checked in with my new weight recently and watched as my maintenance calories went from mid 1600 to high 1500 . 
  the ammount of pseudoscience in nursing is staggering . 
  who cares ? 
  no really , who cares about their own stretchmarks let alone anyone elses ? 
  seriously , i ca n't remember the last time i actively thought about my own . 
  and the last time i lookes at someone elses was ... i never fucking do that , because i 'm not a crazy person . 
  i live in a country with socialiced healthcare . 
  that cost conversation needs to be had , since there is n't endless resources to take from . 
  and if you can have a conversation about cost/benefit of new or experimental cancer drugs , then you 're right we 're talking about the cost on society for people to stay obese . 
  in that case , you should refere to me as f\u00fchrer . 
  for some reason this made me hum the pokemon theme `` got ta catch them all ! '', 
  wait , you get weighed in the doctors office ? 
  manga , books , hats & scarfs, 
  i have a three exchanges hard limit . 
  it took close to 30 min to get it down to three . 
  i just started my free trial , to watch westworld , and i just ca n't understand their setup . 
  i can put movies on `` my list '' , but the list is buried at the bottom of just one page . 
  and i ca n't put series there , just individual episodes ? 
  and for a service that have one episode a week , there does n't seem to be a system where you get notification for new episodes of shows you follow . 
  even netflix manages that . 
  i came here to see if there were any tricks to get the app , or the webpage to work better , but there does n't seem to be . 
  i 'm new to hbo , and honestly , for me content wise it 's pretty even . 
  that said , i 'm on hbo nordic , so the content is probably different . 
  in addition i 've had netflix for years , so in time hbo might learn what i like to the extent netflix does . 
  movies : netflix have more movies . 
  a lot more movies . 
  but for what i 've seen the quality is pretty similar . 
  a lot of the content on hbo seems to be stand-up , which i do n't watch . 
  and netflix have much better variety , and they 've dropped a lot of the absolute garbage they had a few years ago . 
  on the whole there 's a few great movies , and then a lot of random terrible to ok ones . 
  netflix wins this one just because they have more movies , so there 's more great ones by default . 
  series : you ca n't beat hbo for great classic series . 
  from the wire , to sex & the city . 
  i 'm re-watching band of brothers right now , and my list of shows to watch is long . 
  when it comes to new series , i 'm leaning towards hbo , mostly because i 'm not a marvel fan . 
  the only comicbook series on hbo seems to be supergirl . 
  interface : netflix wins this . 
  no competition . 
  hbo is absolutely garbage when it comes to user-friendliness . 
  from finding things you want to see , to a way to remember the things you want to watch , hbo seems determined to make it difficult . 
  instead of putting the entire series in `` recently watched '' , so you can just press one icon to get back to where you were , they put individual episodes . 
  you ca n't put series on `` my list '' just individual episodes . 
  and the `` my list '' is buried at the bottom of the page with no way to pull up the entire list . 
  and netflix is better at pushing new content at you , and even better at telling you when there 's new episodes of shows you watch . 
  i was beginning to suspect as much . 
  but the content is great , so i 'm sticking to it and hope it gets better . 
  i 'd love a series about the children 's crusade , but watching children walking , dying of starvation and exhaustion , for then to be sold into slavery or die in shipwreck might be to `` real '' for even hbo . 
  your pictures are a joy to look at !, 
  that looks so great , the effect is just noticeable enough to not look costumy . 
  and for the love of all that is knitty , brush down the scales on your left shoulder . 
  no , pintrest . 
  removing the cane sugar and replacing it with honey might lower the calorie count some , but it does n't make the carrot cake healthy . 
  i might be following different fitness blogs , but none of the ones i follow say anything about obese people . 
  a lot of cheesy inspirational memes , sure , but all of them focused on improving yourself . 
  and god looked at his creation , and saw that it was good . 
  then god turned to adam and in a mighty voice said `` look at your fierce , independent woman ( who do n't need no man ) , see her jiggly arms , her mighty fupa , and curvy figure with a booty to die for and breasts like the goodess she would be if this was n't a monotheistic religion . 
  look at this bbw and worship her . 
  except , do n't take that last part literally , because hell and damnation and stuff i 'll tell you about later . 
  also fruit and veggies are evil , just go to kfc like i do . 
  you could just give them money . 
  or buy the cookies and give them away to a shelter or a nursing home or something similar . 
  i just mix mine with some hot water and baby porrige powder like the crazy person i am . 
  i take the 113 calorie hit for a can of red bull passion fruit . 
  that said , i work with an obese diabetic who thinks she knows everything about nutrition . 
  she thinks sugar will kill me dead . 
  the parents talking about how they started comfort eating as young children and now see the same pattern in their kids gets me every time . 
  oh , sugar free carrot cake , i wonder if it 's more savory ... nope it has almost a cup of honey instead . 
  peta is garbage . 
  pure and utter , comparing eating chicken to the holocaust , fabricating animal abuse videos , wanting to ban pets , and calling fish `` sea kittens '' garbage . 
  like he did n't have it in his hand already . 
  huh , takk for forklaring . 
  wait , what ? 
  this person can not have watched a single episode of project runway . 
  as someone who have no trouble walking out of movies for pretty much any reason ? 
  the trailer does n't look bad . 
  possible solution , get another bird and teach them to knit together . 
  i know this will work , after watching disney movies . 
  also , you 're missing a comma there .
