  no idea , i just started playing a week ago . 
  well rowling never actually establishes why some muggles have magic children , and a squib somewhere in your lineage is n't an insane theory . . 
  actually i like this theory . 
  it sounds like a terrible fanfiction plot . 
  but there are certainly some things that ... does n't support it , but does n't exactly rule it out either . 
  it helps that rowlings backstory is as shitty and full of holes as it is . 
  so a mix between anne frank and la vita \u00e8 bella . 
  i know , right ? 
  but the way i see it the dursleys are not the bad guys here . 
  but in this au ww2 lasted longer , so harry have been , as he sees it , locked up under the stairs since he was very young , since his parents were either killed or deported and sumbledore sent harry to the dursleys who reluctantly accepted him . 
  he makes this fantasy world where he has magic and goes to school , while in reality he is still at the dursleys . 
  that is until the fourth year when the tone of the books shift , meaning that harry 's reality shifts . 
  i imagine he incorporates bits and piezes of what is happening in the real world into his fantasy , and in the real world the nazis are closing in on him . 
  then he is captured at the end of the book , the reason why it ends so happy is because he 's on a train to a camp . 
  um ... i have n't actually read past book 4 , so i ca n't actually say anything past this . 
  sure , or ` livet er herlig ' if i wa n't to translate the title to the least pretentious for me . 
  but i wrote the movies title instead , like the hipster i obviously am . 
  i got my grandmothers stash after she died . 
  all these slightly bent knitting needles and impossible small crochet hooks . 
  youtube have the answer if you 're interested, 
  [ top 10 dead people who 's still on mt everest ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7onnx9-587o ), 
  [ frontline documentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hj5olbdxd10 ) about 1996 disaster, 
  [ k2 documentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgx8zdzfapc ), 
  yeah ... that 's in the northern parts . 
  you know , the parts filled with out of work fishers , russian hookers , sad , and alcoholics . 
  as for the rest of the country ? 
  while the rest of the world is complaining about how hot it 's been this summer it 's been raining since the end of june . 
  eh ... norway gained independence in 1905 , so not that big of a difference . 
  question , i 've recently read jurasic park , is the sequel worth reading ? 
  thank you !, 
  they look so good !, 
  my favourites are elsa and jasmine . 
  seriously , am i the only one who ca n't see an article in the link , but a bunch of collected links to different sites ? 
  rant , and a bratty one at that :, 
  so , i recently started to watch major crimes , and now i just want to read some angsty rusty fanfiction . 
  well that or major crimes/battlestar galactica crossovers . 
  but i 've gone through everything on ao3 and ff.net . 
  why ca n't people write the fanfiction i want , when i want it ? 
  * sigh *, 
  waiting for moving vans could give you plenty of time . 
  i get why some people dislike it , it 's not what they read fanfiction for . 
  some are more about character study . 
  personally i 'm all for the what if 's . 
  thank you !, 
  sims 4 : my sims have to pee all the time , that and they are always hungry . 
  it 's just so annoying , that is n't the realism i wanted from the game . 
  eat the animals , save some time finding a middleman . 
  story about how the [ tamir rice ] ( http://www.gq.com/story/tamir-rice-story ) case was deliberately mishandled by the da . 
  the 15 minutes ads for a 2 minute video is what get 's me the most . 
  ad long as the ad is 20 seconds or less , i 'll watch it . 
  but i 'm not sitting through a short movie about buying a car or getting weightloss surgery in another country , and i 'm not watching an entire youtube gameshow episode . 
  i 'm skipping this round , was shafted by my arbitrary day santa , and i doubt i 'm getting rematched , so i 'm paying it forward by being a rematch santa for someone else . 
  do you ban by real name or by username or email address ? 
  what stops someone from just making a new account and then doing the same again ? 
  i 'm coming back for next round , most likely . 
  and if not , i 'll be back for christmas . 
  for some reason i seem to do more rematches then actual exchanges . 
  thanks for the answer , i get the need for secrecy !, 
  you guys are awesome , you probably already know it since it 's impossible to be as awesome as you are without someone having told you already , but i just wanted to tell you again . 
  because you are , awesome that is . 
  `` asked for something practical , like cocaine , got a small child instead . 
  not happy with my santa . 
  although kudos for somehow having him shipped to me . '', 
  i 've been there , message your santa , and if everything fails i 've never gone wrong with local candy . 
  any marvel movie . 
  this is a good change , it 's not perfect , but it 's better then what was before . 
  oh , i can phrase it differently ? 
  how about this : i 'm so sick and tired of all the good changes you are making here , i wanted the chaotic system you had before , that everyone complained about !, 
  new coke is terrible , we want old coke . 
  and bring back surge while you 're at it . 
  usually i 'm not that fond of the ... kinkier side of fanfiction . 
  but my stupid brain have been circling back to this idea for an abo-au major crimes story all day . 
  it 's insane . 
  i 've written down some ideas , and i know i wont actually write it , but still my brain seems like this is what it wants right now . 
  i remember a similar case where the fbi set up some petty criminals as terrorists . 
  edit : [ found it ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/phil-hirschkorn/the-newburgh-sting_b_5234822.html ) , not the best source , but it was the first i found . 
  i 'd betray my family for great quality turkish delights . 
  google ` great wall of vagina ', 
  sorry , was on mobile with a bad network . 
  different disabilities . 
  it does n't say * why * he ca n't tie his own laces , if he lacks the motor skills or if it 's a learning problem . 
  if he can hear and speak/write he can parrot things he hears in the media/from people in his family etc. 
  that said , they lucked out with the kids . 
  because 8 hours with terrible child actors would have been a nightmare . 
  we should buy the casting director a fruit basket or something . 
  so , fruit baskets to everyone who worked behind camera . 
  i went in blind , and i almost turned it of the second i saw the kids . 
  i 'm really glad i did n't . 
  i just really want some fruit right now . 
  thank you !, 
  i thought i was the only one who felt that way . 
  people i know are surprisingly forgiving when it comes to the potter movies . 
  i think we can say he 's a terrible actor , or maybe one who needs a lot of great direction that he is n't getting in the show . 
  have n't watched the video yet , but i still remember the baby mice on the thorns . 
  i 'm going to go ahead and say this is a troll . 
  because it seems a little to deliberate . 
  now some of the idiots agreeing are real idiots . 
  but it 's in french and reading subtitles is the leading cause of cancer, 
  this was the video i hoped you 'd be linking to, 
  i read the headline as ` horrible accent ' and thought that it was a little harsh of the police to shoot her for that , unless it was really terrible .
