  that 's what the media focused on . 
  what the verdict focused on was the practicality of the isolation and the fact that he was strip searched every time he went outside . 
  why is this story here ? 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  i 've mostly ignored the netflix originals . 
  ( oitnb was n't for me , daredevil and jessica jones just reminded me that i do n't watch comicbook movies ) . 
  but i 'll give bloodline a try . 
  it 's that or watching the first season of rick and morty for the 14th time . 
  i know the feeling . 
  i went a good 10 years trying to avoid having my picture taken . 
  so i do n't have a good before picture , , but 6 months in i found my old pair of jeans in the back of my closet , where i had thrown them in when i realized they were to small . 
  i tried them on . 
  i took some pictures that turned out to nsfw for me to post anywhere before i donated them . 
  interesting idea . 
  the rock would be an awesome james bond . 
  ebay , you can get all expansions for less then $ 20, 
  nice . 
  i really like acorn grove , the new old feel of it . 
  great work !, 
  it 's not that simple . 
  where would we keep these giant tanks of fish that would be needed to keep a healthy population ? 
  bad news , they will still dissolve and in the attempt to get all the fish we will crush the reefs further . 
  but if we killed all humans , then we might get somewhere . 
  i 'm going to go watch utopia now . 
  for research . 
  she 's a rn ( registered nurse ) at a hospital in flagstaff , working on the neonatal unit . 
  [ full documentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2-re_fl_l4&amp;t=0m1s ), 
  yeah !, 
  i 'm shocked . 
  shocked , i say !, 
  [ dudu duuuuuuuu , du du duu duuuuuuu ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n_ek_tfz9ug ), 
  [ when marnie was there ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt3398268/?ref_=nv_sr_1 ) , ghibli movie that 's released in may . 
  that looks really good . 
  that looks like a train wreck . 
  but a delicious one . 
  mozarts requiem ? 
  or any requiems . 
  verdi is good . 
  a coworker of mine who is muslim says what she fears the most is converts . 
  the ones who have little knowledge about islam and then gets seduced by extremists who do n't really know much about islam but have their own interpretation of it . 
  people who do n't know much about their own religion and then , gets to college/university and wants to learn more and then end up getting roped in by extremists who do n't know/care that they do n't know much about islam either . 
  yarn and t-shirts for me !, 
  and maybe lego . 
  what exchanges are you looking at ? 
  i had to be strict with myself to get it down from 5 to 2 exchanges . 
  you ca n't do both got and hp . 
  it 's a rule . 
  so one problem solved . 
  if you do lego your pet will just end up eating the bricks and pet surgery is really expensive . 
  i would avoid it if i were you . 
  crochet is the best , you should def put it on your list . 
  did that help ? 
  edit : i 've been informed by the mods that the / s ca n't be silent . 
  it 's like sophie 's choice all over again . 
  i will make the / s clearer . 
  [ this it ? 
  ] ( https://www.redditgifts.com/gallery/#/?type=exchanges&amp;pagenumber=1&amp;pagesize=21&amp;sort=date&amp;sortdirection=desc&amp;filterexchange=craftexchange ), 
  i do n't agree with you . 
  this might be because of the rights netflix have where i live , but there 's a lot of good , and new movies available . 
  trying to find out what 's up with all the netflix hate here . 
  for $ 9 a month i 've got no issues with the company . 
  and most of the issues people have with netflix , is n't really about netflix at all . 
  i mean , it 's not netflixs fault that licensing works as it does . 
  because you do n't have to get up from the sofa , get the disc , put it in the player , try to find the remote , fail and try to operate your tv without it , fail , remember that the remote is in the kitchen , find it with no batteries , go to the store to get batteries , but there is a robbery in the store and you end up getting shot and die in the hospital . 
  watching winter soldier just is n't worth your life . 
  i agree with you , the one thing netflix does have is newer seasons of tv shows . 
  i know , right ? 
  i 'm doing yarn , because i can never have to much yarn . 
  i 've been hinting at wanting yarn for pretty much every exchange i could fit it in , so i ca n't sit this one out . 
  that and like half my family is expecting babies right now and i 'm getting bored by the same old yarn . 
  those are just adorable !, 
  you made an adorable thing . 
  this is perfect . 
  i love the frame , love the fabric used , the colour choice and even the font . 
  mr. poopybutthole !, 
  nice . 
  i love the colourwork !, 
  i love the font for these , and the message is so lovely . 
  i 'm working on a fish sampler right now , but this might be a little better then mine . 
  love it , your stitching is wonderful . 
  nice and simple , which is the hardest thing to do pretty !, 
  hope you show us finished result !, 
  i love the eyes !, 
  it looks so cuddly cute and adorable !, 
  second this . 
  what kind of kitchen do you have ? 
  are you looking for something that 's easy to eat with little dish washing after ? 
  my opinion ? 
  we have enough live action 101 dalmatians movies . 
  and emma stone is cute , but she is n't glenn close . 
  so something you can make on a stovetop , in one pot . 
  i 'd go with some kind of stew , or chili . 
  you could throw in some home made bread if you feel inclined . 
  those who forget history are doomed to repeat it . 
  how can you even suggest that ? 
  after what happened to your brother ? 
  and even when i do turn it of , the page still does n't load for me . 
  do you have any good sources on the ghost cities ? 
  because it does sound interesting . 
  i 'm thinking this will be more of a symbolic thing , quickly signed and then forgotten a few months later when they need that one thing they can only get at target .
