  you 've truly made it into a post apocalyptic survival skill . 
  i have a decent calorie , and very filling banana cake that i use to end cravings during shark week . 
  i 'll digg up the recipe when i get home, 
  those are adorable !, 
  thank you !, 
  thanks for the advice . 
  thank you !, 
  i 've wanted to try miso soup for a while now , this might give me the push to actually do it . 
  and it looks delicious !, 
  you 're like me !, 
  lose weight , go up a cup size . 
  that is a terrible list , a strange mix of to young to old and just bad . 
  and i know it 's about the length of the band and shape of the breast , and something about the mayan calendar ( seriously , bra sizes makes no sense ) . 
  but it 's still funny . 
  not canada , you were the last polite people left !, 
  i look at the holiday meal as just that , one meal . 
  so do n't use it as an excuse to eat all day . 
  in addition you should enjoy your meal , and not eat until you feel you 're going to burst . 
  if anyone asks you why you 're not eating more say you 're making sure there 's left overs for the next day ( you might even get a free second meal out of the whole thing ! ) . 
  also , you do n't have to try every cake your relatives make . 
  it 's not rude to not try a bit of everything . 
  if everything else fails , just take a small portion of something and eat slowly . 
  eat and enjoy yourself , just in moderation . 
  what worked for me was eating lightly before the big meal , making sure i was n't starving when i sat down and then treated it like a normal dinner with my extended family , meaning that of course i ended up eating a little to much with everyone telling me to eat more , but i did n't leave the table feeling ready to burst . 
  i used to do this . 
  the `` it 's christmas '' excuse when i was still eating way to much that was soon replaced with `` it 's new years '' . 
  nope . 
  it 's two days , and i 'll enjoy myself instead of stuffing myself . 
  that was the strangest thing i 've read today . 
  kind of hot , mostly strange . 
  my best advice ? 
  what worked for me , was going to bed earlier . 
  it made it easier to get up . 
  i 've given up morning runs for the year , it 's just to cold and dark . 
  but i 'll start again in late spring or early summer . 
  you 're drunk . 
  remember when once got an r rating ? 
  that movie about two people who meet , sing some songs as they falk in love and then walk away from each other ? 
  imagine the rating if they had * actually * fucked . 
  then imagine the rating if there had been a bloodless shooting spree and some explosions . 
  `` wait , is that woman * enjoying * the sex ? 
  better make it nc-17 '', 
  well , the movie does take place in dublin . 
  so the day could be [ 17th may 1974 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dublin_and_monaghan_bombings ) and the car bombs could go off halfway through and then it could turn into a revenge movie . 
  imagine [ falling slowly ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fg_is-qg_ys ) being played over an exploding car with body parts flying everywhere . 
  and yes , the singing continues to the end of the movie . 
  at that point i 'd just make them their own profile so that they do n't mess up your recommendations . 
  how do you know it 's a man ? 
  so do we agree that you name the account person in kenya ? 
  i 've been looking at feet today , more specifically peoples shoes . 
  this morning there was an obese young woman at the bus stop , and for some reason i looked at her feet . 
  she was wearing trainers , and they were close to bursting . 
  the laces were done up so lose that the fabric in the middle barely covered the gap , and at the same time the shoes were bulging out because there was just so much flesh stuffed into it . 
  it looked so unnatural , like my grandmothers feet when she was at her sickest and her feet were bulging with fluid . 
  and sure you could say that she was perfectly healthy wearing fat shaminh shoes , but really that would be silly . 
  sorry for the rant , i 'm going to go back to looking at peoples feet . 
  yeah , these all seemed very ... tame is one thing to call it , not stright up calling for assasination of the n word occupying the white house would be more accurate, 
  question !, 
  i have only the last run left and i see it 's a 51 minute run . 
  which i thought was a little strange . 
  does the run go for that entire time , or does it stop when you 've reached 5k ? 
  thank you !, 
  does it say when you 've gotten to 5k ? 
  again , thank you !, 
  i followed a few of my favorite authors over to other fandoms they were writing for . 
  i read kingsman as well , and man from uncle . 
  never watched the movies . 
  years ago i had read all the harry potter stories of my favorite author and then started to read their stargate atlantis stories . 
  read a lot of stories , and loved the universe . 
  then i tried watching the show and absolutely hated it . 
  norway as well . 
  small packages of candy and nuts tend to try and trick you with the serving sizes . 
  i love the mix of knit and crochet !, 
  makes the face pop out a little more !, 
  i love cloudsfactorys stuff , this came out great, 
  the local library had a ` return the books without a fee ' campaign in the end of the 90 's , and my mother had me return a book she had borrowed in the 70 's , i do n't remember the title ( some guitar book ) . 
  the librarian was surprised when i came in with it . 
  i 've wondered about that , for me it sounds like a recruitment tool to get teenagers up to standards before they can be recruited for real . 
  from movies the only thing you see is people marching with rifles . 
  iran is trying really hard to not be invaded . 
  just like qatar they are trying to host as many sporting events as possible . 
  my only solo in my brilliant orchestra career was when i got to bark like a dog in ` waltz of the cat ', 
  i thought it was in the primaries ? 
  [ cnn has severed ties with donna brazile , the interim chair of the democratic national committee and a longtime contributor on the network , after hacked emails revealed brazile provided questions in advance to hillary clinton 's campaign during the democratic primary debates on cnn . 
  ] ( https://www.yahoo.com/movies/cnn-parts-ways-donna-brazile-debate-questions-were-040000691.html ), 
  it 's worse , it 's cheating against your [ jewish grandfather ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sk_udj4kkz8 ), 
  except i bet she did n't even * think * about the issue before it dared be extended to women . 
  well , you have to spend a few years throwing soldiers at it before the brilliant , but socially awkward scientist everyone has been ignoring for years manages to come up with a solution and convince everyone to try it . 
  i have two sci-fi/fantasy geeks in my life who will mention star trek , lotr , and other geek things as often as they can . 
  they are both women . 
  when i was in high school there was a week long coding course for girls . 
  i went and loved it !, 
  it was really fun , we got the basics of making our own website and started to learn the basics of how to make games . 
  it seemed like a really fun hobby , but the idea of doing it professionally ? 
  nope . 
  the teacher tried really hard to get us to chose stem , but not many did . 
  and this was out of a group who was actually interested in computers . 
  even the most health conscious vegans have to take supplements for things that is missing from their diets ,, 
  [ great , sane , introduction to a vegan diet ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=id_2ymmvw5w ), 
  honestly ?
