  i 'm not going back to it . 
  i did n't mind w4 , i did really good in the free run , jogging most of the time , and at the point my fast walks were faster then my runs . 
  i think it 's what you make of it . 
  that said i hated week 7 with an unhealthy passion . 
  gym at school was what put me of sport and exercise !, 
  i was a tiny girl in a class that was 90 % boys . 
  i could n't run as fast as them , i was n't as strong , and i really hated conflict . 
  so when the teacher compared me to the boys i was just terrible at it . 
  that and the three months a year that went exclusively to playing football ( soccer for you americans ) . 
  that 's actually pretty nice . 
  they are perfection !, 
  today i sat on my knitting , managed to break * both * needles . 
  the judges ended up giving me a 7.8 , 6.4 , 9.0 for the way i both rescued my project and managed to macgyvered two needles so i could keep knitting . 
  that is lovely !, 
  are we knitting twins ? 
  thank you for sharing the pattern !, 
  these looks lovely !, 
  big sale ? 
  enjoy your intervention !, 
  remember to bring some hooks and yarn . 
  maybe make a planned pooling scarf . 
  i live in a tiny country , with few people . 
  for me it 's worth the extra costs for shipping , and the only time it was super expensive was when i sent to australia . 
  i 've been surprised at how big package 's can be sent as letters . 
  i agree . 
  i still have some by colour where i do n't know the number . 
  but it 's so much easier to just go by nr . 
  overnight oats !, 
  you can make it in the morning and it will be ready by lunch time . 
  it 's very versatile , add what you want , making them sweet or savory and as calorific as you want . 
  30 $ for the first 5 mb of data , then you can add more for jusr 3.99 $ a mb !, 
  so just disney programs and some original content , and that will probably turn to a pure marvel series thing ? 
  nope . 
  not interested . 
  peoples century is brilisnt as well , but old, 
  i put knitting something for myself , because i never seem to have the time to do that . 
  there 's a lot of people who have a reddit account just for the exchanges , never actually going to reddit . 
  yup . 
  pretty much . 
  the eugenics movement is a really interesting subject . 
  and the number of people who were forcibly sterilized around the world is kind of terrifying . 
  but i think you underplay how influential the us was in the movement . 
  [ wiki link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eugenics_in_the_united_states ), 
  i 'm getting a little jelly by all these awesome projects !, 
  this looks great !, 
  i love the pattern , the shoulders look amazing , and your stitching is so neat !, 
  the idea of picking up stitches terrify me . 
  but i kind of want to try it anyway . 
  so pretty already !, 
  ca n't wait to see final result . 
  that is ... a level of dedication i do n't poses . 
  it 's perfect . 
  it 's my gauge . 
  do i go up or down in size ? 
  thank you !, 
  the one instant being 5 ' 1 '' is a plus . 
  i ca n't reach the top shelf , but i can sit comfortably in my seat . 
  no , this is great !, 
  one more question ? 
  i think i might be placing my stitch marker wrong ? 
  and youtube ca n't seem to agree where to place it . 
  i 'm placing it on the ch2 , but is there another place to put it ? 
  it totally is . 
  and ikea makes some awesome ones . 
  i think i panicked a little early . 
  i did a few more rounds and got a little more comfortable with the tension . 
  that and i found out i 'd been missing a few of the stitches on the first chain . 
  i was having some problems with tightening the stitches to much for the free chains . 
  going over finse in the winter is a bit like being in snowpiercer . 
  been there !, 
  that is amazing !, 
  it says it costs more * per calorie * . 
  and i do n't doubt it . 
  but the problem is that people eat to many calories . 
  that is super cute !, 
  your knitting is perfect !, 
  that is so adorable !, 
  christmas panic started early this year . 
  i 've scrapped the idea for christmas presents for the age 2-4 children in the family . 
  it turns out i 'm really bad at crochet and i doubt my skills will improve enough in the next 15 days to complete the 4 gifts . 
  so now i 'm going to have to make other plans . 
  and i 'm blanking out completely . 
  i have knitpro , mostly because it 's the only ones i could find in the local stores . 
  i 'm pretty happy with them , even though i 've managed to break a whole bunch of the smaller sizes . 
  right now i have 5 active wips . 
  i have one project for work ( squares for a blanket ) , two bigger projects i work on at home ( sweaters ) , and then i have two things i know the pattern by heart and are easy to take on the bus . 
  and those are just the ones i have n't put aside for later . 
  i 've washed a pom-pom beanie , made of cotton/acrylic yarn , and it held up pretty well , but it was washed on ` delicate wash ' setting . 
  yesterday i started a sweater for my niece . 
  i have until the end of the week to finish it . 
  the pattern is from a book , and i ca n't find it on the [ paelas ] ( https://www.paelas.com/ ) website . 
  but they have a lot of nice patterns , some of them are even in english . 
  and i 'm still working on a [ baby blanket ] ( http://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/triforce-blanket ) , mostly getting 1-2 squares done at work each day . 
  thank you !, 
  i 'm just glad to have someone small to knit nice things for . 
  thanks , i 'm going to need it ... 
  oh yeah ... i 'm pretty sure that 's one of the first patterns i put on my want to knit list when i got a ravelry account . 
  give us plenty of update so that we can all live live vicariously through you !, 
  both look super comfy !, 
  i love drops , they have so much nice , and their yarn is really nice as well .
