  holy fuck !, 
  i 'm watching the documentary now and it is a horror show . 
  seriously that is fucked up . 
  yogi tea has 4-5 teas marketed as ` woman 's tea ' . 
  one of them can even be used to induce a miscarriage . 
  is this where i recommend everyone to read ` so you were publicly shamed ' , by jon ronson . 
  he has a chapter on this picture and what happened and it is fantastic . 
  more important : does this book explain what happened to the condom that grey put in his pocket after fucking anastasia at his parents home . 
  the one that is never mentioned again in the first book ? 
  well , these girls seems to be under the impression that if you want to be autistic then you are , so by tumblr logic then if you do n't want to be autistic then you 're not . 
  seems legit . 
  who eats oreos on a date ? 
  children , that 's who . 
  i have a friend , who is a big girl ( and i can see her slowly falling for haes ) and for a while she sent snaps of her dinner every single day . 
  and it was n't even good looking food , just fat and carbs on a plate . 
  i think someone told her to cut it out , because now it 's mostly weekend pictures of her plates of carbs and fat . 
  crazy parents make it necessary to say these things . 
  i have a friend who does this . 
  i meet her a few times a year , and her son even less , but she insists that he hug me and gets cross with me when i tell him that it 's ok not to want to hug me , i give him a high 5 instead which he accepts . 
  i do n't have a problem with the main message in this article , which is ` hey !, 
  your child should be allowed to have a measure of control of how they great and say goodbye to others ! ', 
  of course it is wrapped in a lot of bs , but still !, 
  parents it 's ok if your child does n't want to hug everyone , most adults understand that they are not entitled to hugs from children , so stop insisting that i touch your smelly , sticky offspring . 
  i have no idea what i just read . 
  you left out jehovah 's witnesses who were percecuted '' [ ... ] because they were unwilling to accept the authority of the state , because of their international connections , and because they were strongly opposed to both war on behalf of a temporal authority and organized government in matters of conscience . '', 
  source : http://www.ushmm.org/wlc/en/article.php?moduleid=10005394, 
  let this be a troll , please let this be a troll , please do n't let them be * this * crazy . 
  stop with the trans hate !, 
  by being a mother you are discriminating against trans women who can not give birth to their own children . 
  check your privilege !, 
  i know , right ? 
  we should all be inspired by this womb-less woman 's apparent ability to give birth . 
  damn you medical insurance companies and ... um ... patriarchal job ? 
  for real ? 
  for * real * ? 
  you 're right , i 'm sorry and i hope to do right in the future . 
  that is the worst luck !, 
  hope your next book is better . 
  i 've been re-listening to ` the martian ' , mostly because i 'm to lazy to find anything else . 
  and the narrator has a very nice voice for when you 're trying to fall asleep . 
  i live to serve . 
  that looks great !, 
  sugar and flour are both calorie dense , so it 's easy to consume to many calories from not that big a quantity of food . 
  personally i do n't really buy into the whole ` sugar is the devil , and corporations are evil ' vibe that the documentary preached , and the way it dismissed personal responsibility . 
  when did the snack become a thing ? 
  although that could be said about all the meals . 
  yes !, 
  you can say vagina and penis in front of an 8 year old , in fact the way this child character talks he 's either much younger or retarded . 
  considering her mother is presented as very christian , she probably had a religious upbringing . 
  take the fucking flyer , or say no thank you . 
  make small talk if you have the time , or just walk past . 
  do n't be a smug little bastard . 
  jw have heard way worse . 
  nope , not interested in this vegan bs . 
  no , it 's been a while since i saw it , but the so called science here is bs . 
  you do n't have to search hard to find articles that debunk this movie , with actual science . 
  go fuck yourself . 
  even christian science ? 
  it has science right in the name !, 
  guess we should give up all medication and believe in the power of jeeeeeeeesssuuus instead . 
  fully disclosure back : i do n't like meat , i keep chewing it dry , so i do n't really eat that much . 
  what ? 
  no really , i have no idea what i just read . 
  rewarding yourself for not over eating by over eating is fat logic . 
  but going slightly over your calories a few times is n't . 
  if that distinction makes sense . 
  it took me a while to get it , the balance between eating to much as a ritual and realizing that eating a little over your allotted calories is n't a sin , but neither is it something you should do every day . 
  eh ... i get the argument , and she should have taken her measurment . 
  but dresslink is horribly unreliable when it comes to their items being true to size , even when you measure a lot of their things just do n't fit . 
  i count a day from when i wake up and when i go to sleep . 
  fairgrounds does n't count . 
  i mean , what else are you going to do on a fairground except work on your diabetes ? 
  my only knowledge about the us justice system comes from watching law & order , so take this with a grain of salt :, 
  personally i think that has more to do with the kind of crimes where dna evidence is both crucial , easily collected and easily stored . 
  for rape cases it is relatively easy once you 've been granted the right to test/retest the dna evidence it gives you a pretty straight forward answer on if it 's a match or not . 
  i do n't call myself a feminist for the same reason i do n't call myself an atheist : crazy people , who only stir shit up and do n't understand how to live in a society where people disagree with them . 
  that looks awesome !, 
  for me it 's any author you can reliably get books from in an airport . 
  although the last time i went flying i realized there was a lot more books there now then the last time . 
  pretty much all the jodi picoult books i have were bought at airports , and they are a fast read , if you can read through tears and have a high tolerance for emotional manipulation ( so pretty much the same as john green ) . 
  no , this is my take as well . 
  i have no problem hanging out with people i disagree with politically . 
  we just do n't talk about politics/religion . 
  we have plenty of other things to talk about . 
  although i do tend to limit my contact with her a little in the month or so before elections , because she tends to have more opinions then and i just want to talk about disney and knitting . 
  i have two books that i read on kindle that i read and loved so much i had to get a physical copy just in case amazon goes bankrupt and my kindle ends up as a paperweight . 
  lending is n't available . 
  she did . 
  there was a patient once who was in his 60s , he was a heavy man and had just had both his legs amputated because of complications from diabetes . 
  in addition he had this massive pressure wound on his back , you could literally see his spine . 
  had he stopped eating cake when he was diagnosed with diabetes his quality of life would have been so much better . 
  he died after a month and it was a relief , because he was suffering . 
  but you 're right eat your cake . 
  thing is if people just lived while fat , i would n't care . 
  it 's when people pretend that unhealthy lifestyles are healthy that i object . 
  wtf ? 
  how big are your yoghurt containers ? 
  that said i was tricked not long ago by a yoghurt that claimed to be 10 % less sugar , did n't read the label and found out the hard way that they had replaced the sugar with aspartame . 
  is yoplait the ones with the cake/pie flavoured yoghurt ? 
  and the commercial where a man is looking in the fridge while his wife is talking about all the ` cakes ' she 's been eating ?
