  amaaaazing !, 
  that is so pretty !, 
  love the colours , and the little hat !, 
  i 'd still add ... something . 
  maybe some couliflower rice ? 
  after i started buying rice at the asian market i 've started loving it even more . 
  * internet high 5 *, 
  it sucks a little to get drunk so fast , but it 's cheaper . 
  who has n't been pissed at conventionally attractive people in the same weight range who just have better bodies ? 
  seriously . 
  i do it all the time when i 'm in a bad mood . 
  i 'm so glad tumblr , or much of social media was n't a thing when i was a teenager . 
  i would have overshared like cray . 
  i 'm glad you did the hard work so that we did n't have to . 
  now , scrub your history or amazon will start suggesting some really strange shit for you . 
  only go to the floor with the register , and go in with the register . 
  paper things are usually about halfway through . 
  take a walk into the as is section . 
  oh , and i find it really useful to wear headphones and listen to audiobooks . 
  makes the long walk seem ... shorter and time go faster . 
  their paper stuff is really cute , and they have a lot of variety . 
  min mor underviste 1 . klasse for et par \u00e5r siden . 
  do you want some of my ass and tighs ? 
  for real , they never go away while i 'm at a sensible weight . 
  my ribs were really visible , my collarbone could kill a man , and my waist was tiny . 
  but my ass was still massive . 
  ok , smaller then it was , but still , finding jeans was hard . 
  this week have been terrible . 
  it 's cold , when it 's not raining it 's snowing , and the sun still sets early enough that i ca n't really get a good run after work . 
  so pilates dvd at home it is . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  and yes , it 's doing amazing . 
  or when you live somewhere where the bookstores do n't take in the books you like , or you have to travel far to get to both them and the post office . 
  i ugly cry every time i watch it . 
  for me it depends on how well i remember the story , how long it is , and how much i loved it . 
  if it 's been a long time , for me it helps with an an that sums up main points of the plot up to that point . 
  if i do n't remember the story , i usually just unsubscribe . 
  i do n't care , people can do whatever they want since it ultimately does n't matter . 
  if i do n't like , i just wont read . 
  although if people get mad , i will mock them . 
  that said , i like it when people tag their pairings . 
  i 'm with you . 
  i 'm not a big fan of it in general , although there are exceptions , but it 's not something i care enough about to get angry . 
  i just do n't read . 
  i do n't care what the author says , years later . 
  it 's not even hinted at in the text . 
  death of the author . 
  after it is released the author do n't get to decide how her work is interpreted . 
  unless it 's clearly stated in the text , it 's all speculation . 
  i did n't get a hint of relationship from the text . 
  what works for me is following `` unfuck your habitat '' , just google it . 
  it deals with decluttering on your own level and finding methods that work for you , as well as si ple advicw that we all need to relearn every now and then . 
  eat 100-200 calories under maintenance for a week . 
  go out , have 1-2 drinks instead of 5 , skip the blooming onion and go for something a little healthier . 
  i usually fail at the 1-2 drinks , but i manage to not eat so much . 
  pure bs , not worth even a tl ; dr, 
  that is if the store even have a petite section . 
  chemical castration just takes away the ability , not the desire . 
  they can still abuse children with objects , digits etc. 
  in addition , and this might be a different process , i seem to remember that it was pretty simple to reverse it using testosterone you can get online . 
  that and from what i read the side effects could be pretty terrible . 
  i gave up , found myself a seamstress who will do alterations . 
  then i bought a cheap sewingmachine from ikea and started hem my own pants . 
  yes . 
  they 're not great ones , but if you 're not planning on doing anything fancy they work just fine . 
  i got mine for $ 50ish . 
  i ca n't knit and read a book at the same time , i love audiobooks . 
  adorqble !, 
  personally , i 'd rewrite . 
  post as a new story , then make a new chapter in the old story where you explain the change . 
  the people who are still interested will follow you to the new story , and it will be easier for new readers who gets to not start reading a story where chapters gets changed after they have read it . 
  i do n't mind the presence of magic !, 
  this story looks great . 
  that sounds hilarious , and just what i was looking for !, 
  you nade me tug my braid , cross my arms under my breasts and call you a fool . 
  rand and his three women fighting over him , then deciding to share . 
  did min have a large chest ? 
  or was she just childish with a dark , man , dark and heavy gift ? 
  i do n't agree with previous poster , but you ca n't link to cracked and expwct to be taken seriously . 
  interesting approach , that would work with my goal for thw year . 
  i 'm aiming more towards reading or getting rid of my tbr shelves . 
  i also have a read a book from every nobel prize winner project that got stuck in the mid 70 's . 
  that and not buying any more books . 
  everything in that mra cult post could be used against ... pretty much anyone . 
  and the second was just the same point over and over again . 
  and it took me a few minutes to remember who , or what that was . 
  yes , they had multiple warders , i honestly ca n't remember the details . 
  but the way it was described with rand was just ... bad . 
  i have the first book on my kindle , from when i wanted to try to get to the end of the series , i might have to re-read it . 
  well , make another attempt . 
  maybe if i 'm slightly drunk . 
  that is creepily adorable !, 
  and that chocolate = broccoli . 
  thank you internet . 
  i 'm thinking about decluttering all my cabinets , just in case there 's a cat hiding there . 
  it was really fun to see how the ratings of the same movie/series varied between the different profiles on my account . 
  i was pushing obese bmi and still barely into size 12 . 
  but i was clearly anorexic . 
  pretty much how i use musicals . 
  i can put on a cd , or just find something on netflix to listen to while i clean .
