  i 'm pretty much going by what i remember . 
  i know i read books before my ` first book ' , but it 's the ones i remember reading by myself . 
  that and i was pretty much obsessed with the series . 
  goosebumps got me when i was 8 or 9 . 
  it was all i wanted for christmas and birthdays for 3 or so years . 
  my mother used to read roald dahl books ( and others ) to me and my sisters at bedtime , so i do n't think i ever read them for myself . 
  still love them . 
  this is one of the reasons why i kind of want an iphone . 
  they do n't make things like this for android phones . 
  you can probably find them cheaper on ebay, 
  that is brilliant . 
  what ? 
  we have all tried to juggled several replies and failed . 
  although that sounds like a goosebumps for conservatives story . 
  dude where 's my car ? 
  18 % on rt and 5.5 on imdb . 
  the movie is funny and quotable . 
  critics seems to think they were going to see a shakespeare play . 
  that is just a good popcorn movie . 
  it 's silly , makes little sense and still manage to be all around awesome . 
  i was genuinely sad when this was pulled from netflix . 
  i think that was a case of the marketing department misrepresenting the movie . 
  from the trailer i watched it looked like a fun adventure movie for kids . 
  that looks great !, 
  is it freehand ? 
  that is lovely . 
  you need a membership card for storcash , but they do n't check that it 's your name on the card . 
  i 've been using my fathers card with no problems . 
  that settles it . 
  i 'm going to learn how to crochet . 
  ripper , by michael slade . 
  part crime story , all horror . 
  those jumpsuits do not look good . 
  what 's with the stripes ? 
  is this from before they became ghostbusters when they were all working as janitors ? 
  to be fair that is in part because while home cooking have been seen as a females job , the ` art of cooking ' have been male dominated and still is . 
  sure ... he has the right to be annoyed , but the other dude has the right to not want to watch more of the movie . 
  ye ... wait , are we talking about masturbation now ? 
  i can never really tell . 
  um ... i usually sit in the back and bring my kindle for when i 'm bored . 
  i 'm not a movie person . 
  well , cinema person . 
  oh ... thank you !, 
  i 'm working up the courage to do socks and this is a great help to cure my fear of heels . 
  with how muted the colours are in your living room i would have gone for a statement piece . 
  a light blue colour or even a light green like mint ( is that green ? ) . 
  although that might be my bias showing since i love mint colour . 
  yeah , that does n't look great on you . 
  something about the shoulders , or lack thereof . 
  and the length in the arms is off ? 
  that is adorable !, 
  i 'm lucky that my sisters and cousins keep having babies , so i do n't have that problem . 
  i 'm in love . 
  i weigh myself every morning . 
  mostly because the scale is right there in front of the sink and i 'm to lazy to move it . 
  but i know that when i suddenly gain 5-10 lbs over night it is time to stock up on tampax , because aunt red is about to come to town . 
  but the trend is down . 
  it 's a slow trend , and it fluctuates , but it is going down . 
  5 ' 1 '' here , who was on a 1200 calorie diet for 6ish months and now eat 1500 . 
  not only is finding convenient food that does n't take all your calories for the day a problem , on top of it all when you 're sitting there with your small , but filling , meal in front of others who have their `` adult portions '' ( as my co workers are fond of calling it ) , and you have the option of eating really slowly or sitting there waiting for them to finish eating . 
  my workplace is focusing on health , mostly to get the costs down . 
  one of their solutions to get us to eat healthier was to add a salad buffet . 
  and you know where i 'm going with this , right ? 
  my co workers regularly eat salads that consists of several types of cheese , ham , pasta , croutons , and a little lettuce . 
  then they cover it in dressing . 
  mmmmm ... what a lovely salad . 
  and on the end seat . 
  that said , i usually just end up knitting . 
  i do n't go to the cinema that often . 
  shocking , i know . 
  and if i really hate a movie cough * snowpiercer * cough i will just leave . 
  i 've got netflix on my phone and the cinema has free wi-fi , so i 'm good . 
  go to the doctor , get some blood-work done and see if your deficient in anything . 
  so let me get this straight : going into their ` safe spaces ' aka their facebook/tumblr/whatever posts and talking about how being overweight is n't healthy is almost equal to rape , but them posting fatlogic on a post that clearly did n't want it is ... what ? 
  not the same ? 
  am i missing something here ? 
  that is n't just good advice when your breastfeeding , it 's just good advice in general . 
  you 've even done the backstitch !, 
  that is great thinking . 
  i took a few flights with my brother in law a few months back and he could not got the 1-3 hours without getting crisps and soda , the amount of money he was willing to give for it was staggering . 
  and let 's not forget that 2/3 of the seats are pointing the ` right ' way . 
  if you have an issue you can pay the extra fee to pick your own seat . 
  for a long flight , sure . 
  but for an hour or two ? 
  and this does n't seem to be saving space . 
  and i came minimally prepared , i mean , if you know you 're going to get hungry then you bring something to eat instead of paying the airline price . 
  i had with me a couple of granola bars that stayed in my purse a week after i got home . 
  story time : i was at mango a few weeks back and noticed that they had all the different country specific sizes right there on the label . 
  a size s pretty much everywhere else was a us size xs . 
  scrubs , oh how i hate them . 
  i used to work at a nursing home that provided uniforms , at the time i was about 30 lbs heavier then i am now and i was swimming in the xs uniform . 
  when i was young i was tested for cystic fibrosis because i was skinny and obsessed with eating salt . 
  turns out i 'm just strange . 
  and yes , i still eat plain salt . 
  i speak fluent gibbirish :, 
  she says it looks really good and she 's going to start eating more of this now because she feels she has a fat face and needs to lose a few pounds . 
  left . 
  the colours are better , the backstitch looks more sketched , and the flowers are prettier . 
  she obviously have no interest in changing . 
  so ... live your life , collect your rent , try to ignore her .
