  the way i see it , just leaving positive feedback that does n't help them be a better writer . 
  i 'm not going to be mean , and i make sure to have nice things to say as well . 
  but if there 's massive plot holes or something does n't make sense , i 'm going to tell the author as tactfully as i can . 
  that said , bad books i just stop reading . 
  this is my take as well . 
  i always include a lot of praise , but point out things that need a little more work . 
  what you have to remember is that opinions are like assholes , everyone has one . 
  some people thinks ya is the one and only genre , some think it 's for children only . 
  some people think harlequin is trash , some see it as an interesting read . 
  so ask yourself , does these guys opinion actually matter to you ? 
  and why ? 
  i bet you can find something they like and point out how pointless/creepy it is . 
  the fuck even is that ? 
  seriously , is she eating that goop from the matrix , covered in butter with a side of charcoal ? 
  once again i am wowed by how awesome canadians are . 
  so ... do you have some numb3rs stories in that folder of yours ? 
  sigh ... i forgive you . 
  i 'm the complete opposite , i 'm a bigger fan of trailers then movies . 
  but then again i prefer to go into a movie knowing as much as i can about it , so i 've usually seen a bunch of spoiler reviews already . 
  the pattern is amazing , and i 'm only a little disappointed that it was n't a dress for a lizard . 
  i do that as well . 
  i 'm not a big fan of the unknown . 
  you mean you 've gone through your life not knowing the story about how mozart got a violin and was so excited about it that he broke it the first day ? 
  troubleshooting . 
  i 've installed fanficfare , and ... nothing . 
  i can start downloading , and then it looks like it 's complete , but it does n't show up in the library and when you go to details there is an error message . 
   typeerror : % d format : a number is required , not unicode, 
  have tried from ff.net and ao3 with same result . 
  is one of them . 
  yeah , my computer is a bit ... wonky . 
  but knowing the problem is on my end is a great start . 
  thanks for the help !, 
  problem solved . 
  turns out it was a language thing . 
  guess i 'll have to deal with english . 
  i did , but changing the language fixed some general issues i had with calibre as well . 
  seriously , my sister had two normal pregnancies that both suddenly became high risk . 
  if she had n't been in as good health as she was , she would probably have lost them . 
  so ... i decided to go all out and get the expensive icecream , the one made with real cream , the kind i used to love and could eat the entire tiny box in one sitting . 
  do you see where i 'm going with this ? 
  i got a few mouthfuls in , and started to feel sick . 
  and an hour later i still have a low grade nausea . 
  luckily i got some cheap sorbet as well , so i 'll be fine tomorrow . 
  some people , who i love very much in person are terrible people on social media . 
  the reason why we stay friends is because i keep it irl, 
  oh yeah , i really like the independent harry fics . 
  up to a point . 
  because pretty much all of them decide to go completely overboard with it . 
  so much this . 
  harry stopped taking maths when he was 10 , and never talks about his muggle schooling in canon . 
  ancient runes is barely mentioned in canon . 
  and 99.9 % of the time daphne greengrass is a bad self insert . 
  it 's like the trifecta of terrible plots . 
  and stories like this is why i keep clicking the links . 
  because sometimes the description sounds great , and i 'm a sucker for independent harry stories . 
  link to study ? 
  so because some women grow up in cultures where fgm is the norm , and see nothing wrong with it , does that mean we should legalize it ? 
  except that 's just one of the four grades of fgm . 
  the mildest is just a pinprick , the worst is removing everything . 
  so should we allow grade one and two , the more non-invasive ones ? 
  there was a really fun game in my primary school of sending people to a site with images of a man being fucked by a dog . 
  the game lastes until someone told their parents and then it was n't fun anymore . 
  yes , because turning into sovjet russia is obviously the only alternative, 
  thank you , although this is a link to a press release , not a study . 
  in fact , there 's no links to any study i can find anywhere on the site , only one sentence mentioned about trials in kisumu , kenya , rakai district , uganda . 
  and i found a rebuttal to the studies : https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc3255200/ , that show they were ... flawed . 
  your friend is a genius . 
  did you read these ? 
  because they are just meta-analysis , and for the ones i could find references , they all reference the same , flawed africa studies . 
  holly hannah that is a great colour , and great pattern , and amazing work !, 
  is n't this the people who did n't want bill nye because he was a white male ? 
  i read dick instead of mouth and giggled a little, 
  you should drive up through sogn , driving next to the fjords is great . 
  it 's like gmos and vaccines . 
  sensible things that the left thinks are bad , because of reasons . 
  not in new reactors . 
  i was expecting e-coli , or even listeria . 
  but golf ball ? 
  that 's above and beyond . 
  jill steine is against both . 
  sanders is iffy on both . 
  and they are surprisingly safe as well . 
  linking to the league of nerds podcast on the subject : [ 1 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_o-djebimwo ) & [ 2 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4a3ap2ocqtg ), 
  what antics ? 
  because sanity prevailed over intersectionalism ? 
  you see every crime won it 's own when sentensing , other countries sees them under one . 
  there should be some middlegground, 
  you 're of course right . 
  fukushima managed pretty great considering how old it was . 
  thank you . 
  you 're right , the movie is a copy of every other evil stepmother story out there , the father is always an idiot . 
  it 's late '90s lindsay lohan , when she was still adorable . 
  not a terrible movie for its intended audience , but the olsen twins did it better . 
  there are alternatives , you can buy reusable products or make your own . 
  you 'll need an initial purchase . 
  but making it from leftover yarn and fabric was all the rage back in the days . 
  that said , pads and tampons ? 
  not really that expensive . 
  you really did n't read the article . 
  my mother , born in 1955 learned how to make them in school .
