  i 'm pretty sure i 've read that the whole alpha-beta-omega wolf theory is a bunch of bs , that the wolf pack studied was n't as much a pack as a bunch of captured wolves from all over crammed into the same space , when wolf packs in the wild are family packs . 
  $ 6 for wrapping is just silly expensive . 
  i 've never been mad at not getting wrapped presents from amazon . 
  i 'm really excited for the gift i 've got no matter if it 's wrapped or not . 
  to be fair i pull the info on the first day , then copy it to a note and never go back to the site again unless i 've got questions . 
  i 've never heard about names that destine someone for obesity , but there are a few names that are stereotypically seen as ` criminal ' names . 
  that is awesome !, 
  i 'm the strange one who loves soft gifts . 
  [ we all know it 's true ... ] ( https://youtu.be/aoujxrvh1ss?t=1m8s ), 
  i 'm having the same kneejerk reaction to several of the classic `` norwegian '' ( and sometimes they are more danish then norwegian ) authors , but hamsun is the worst . 
  i ca n't make myself pick up any of his books . 
  do you have link ? 
  because that sounds fascinating . 
  oh ... that does sound painful . 
  i 've been pretty lucky so far when it comes to narrators . 
  i just finished listening to this , and i agree . 
  great story , great narration . 
  the closest i 've gotten to stop listening to an audiobook is hunger games , the narrator made this horrible , voices for the younger characters ( rue and prim ) , but luckily there was n't much from those two . 
  personally i think it just looks silly . 
  but it 's obviously been made to create outrage and shares . 
  my biggest question is what they are selling in the first place . 
  just looking at the pictures i do n't really get it . 
  yeah , but this trailer really makes me want to clone mara wilson so we can grow a new one to play sophie ... 
  that sounds like something right out of a roald dahl story ... 
  nope . 
  [ according to this ] ( https://voat.co/v/whatever/comments/711614 ) it 's someone trolling, 
  [ you already have the option to not pay fee for fire department and take your chance on your house not catching fire ] ( http://usnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2011/12/07/9272989-firefighters-let-home-burn-over-75-fee-again ), 
  it 's where people fled after r/fatpeoplehate and r/coontown was banned . 
  try to google voat and under more results from voat you can see what they care about on that site . 
  i usually just drink a glass of juice with my iron supplement , and a cup of coffee or two . 
  but this is something i 've worked down to . 
  [ i never miss a chance to insert a random bring it on clip ] ( https://youtu.be/vbbujs2qpas?t=6m46s ), 
  it 's been a while since i took biology , but i 'm pretty sure you need a vagina to give birth ... 
  that is excellent straw grasping !, 
  i guess you could read it like that , but in context it 's a really strange thing to write . 
  not to long ago i ate an entire pizza alone . 
  the pizza was bigger then my hips . 
  it still somehow fit in my stomach , though it did look like i was slightly pregnant . 
  i get it , heart disease and diabetes are these big , vague things that might happen to you . 
  but physically not being able to fit into a seat is something concrete that you ca n't really say ` thin people get too ', 
  i 'm not sure why i knew this , but i 'm glad i 'm not the only one . 
  i 'm more impressed over the menenjitise . 
  i mean , that does sound like a serious disease ... 
  there 's an entire sub where people talk about it . 
  r/loss is pretty much where i went after my grandmother died . 
  this is n't from personal experience , but two of my co-workers have lost infants . 
  both of them are open about it , but while one of them say she has 6 children , including the one who passed away , the other do n't . 
   1 ) what did the white woman do after she spilled hot coffee on her legs ? 
  file a lawsuit . 
  did n't that woman get third degree burns and never really recovered after ? 
  she sued to get mcdonalds to cover her medical expenses and the jury thought that having mcdonalds pay her what they earned from one days coffee sale would make them lower the temperature of their coffee to a more sane temperature . 
  [ they made a documentary about it and everything ] ( http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1445203/ ), 
  canada post managed to lose the gift i sent for an earlier exchange , so this made me lol !, 
  [ have you read this piece on the usps and how they treat their workers ? 
  ] ( http://www.themorningnews.org/article/blues-on-wheels?src=longreads ), 
  my brother in law had to teach his cousins to read when they were 9 and 11 because their parents and the steiner school saw nothing wrong in kids that age not being able to read . 
  and to be fair , public schools also produce kids that ca n't read , but they at least do see it as a problem when they ca n't , even if bad schools sometimes sweep it under the rug . 
  that 's a ` it 's to much work to wash my kids hair ' hairstyle if i ever saw one . 
  i usually went for the number for the local alcoholics support group , their number was n't so obvious . 
  there is ? 
  huh , that said the last time someone i knew had dreads was high school , and by the smell of it she did not know about those products . 
  at what age does a male child become a man ? 
  how long is temporarily ? 
  what do you do with the male children who become men in the ` banning time ' ? 
  some family is toxic , and toxic people are not worth keeping in your life . 
  so ask yourself , what do you get from keeping this woman in your life vs. what would you lose if you cut her out of it . 
  seriously ? 
  but is it effective ? 
  will someone not murder because they 've seen a sticker on a car ? 
  and will a person stop before raping someone and exclaim ; ` wait , i remember a youtube video telling me rape is wrong ! , yolly gosh what did i almost do ! ', 
  my santa was awesome , but this is above and beyond !, 
  this reads like he 's part of the quiverfull movement . 
  i did that last year , knitting [ fox cowls ] ( http://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/failynn-fox-cowl ) for 7 children and 1 adult . 
  this year i 'm not doing anything close to that . 
  i 'm pretty much just knitting for my sister who is having a baby right after christmas . 
  oh ... thanks !, 
  the lesson i got out of it is to not knit at work , or to not knit for co-workers ( i say as i sit knitting for a co-worker ... ) . 
  but to be fair it was only 3 of the cowls that was n't for family . 
  i 've started doing that with new baby gifts , i 've got a collection of premie and newborn sizes for 2 different outfits , so that when there is s surprise baby i do n't have to scramble to make something . 
  i 'm glad that my crazy relatives stick to strange jesus quotes and skip the dead babies ... 
  have anyone seen a toucan ? 
  i seem to have lost mine . 
  [ as an alternative method of encouraging or coercing registration , federal legislators passed laws requiring that to receive financial aid , federal grants and loans , certain government benefits , eligibility for most federal employment , and ( if the person is an immigrant ) eligibility for citizenship , a young man had to be registered ( or had to have been registered , if they are over 26 but were required to register between 18 and 26 ) with selective service . 
  those who were required to register , but failed to do so before they turn 26 , are no longer allowed to register , and thus may be permanently barred from federal jobs and other benefits , unless they can show to the selective service that their failure was not knowing and willful . 
  [ 6 ] there is a procedure to provide an `` information letter '' by the sss for those in these situations , for example recent citizens who entered the us after their 26th birthday . 
  [ 37 ] ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/selective_service_system#failure_to_register ), 
  it 's not that simple . 
  just as the chance for a child with down syndrome increases when a women passes 40 , there seems to be something similar for men . 
  i vaguely remember reading a while ago that the chance of there being something wrong with the child is as big for women over 40 as it is for children conceived by 1st cousins . 
  although you should n't quote me on that . 
  and women should n't have children after that time because there are significantly higher chance of both complications with the pregnancy , down syndrome , and other developmental disorders . 
  someone have n't watched boardercontroll australia ... 
  for some reason it comes out the 16th where i live , and there is still tickets , and i 'm hours before the us ... i might have to stay of the internet to avoid spoiling the movie ... 
  that is usually the situation for where i live as well . 
  but no , not this time . 
  it gets out the dec 16th at 10am . 
  i work at a nursing home , and putting a patient on a diet is just an all around bad idea . 
  i mean , unless they 've been declared incompetent we do n't have the right to deny them anything . 
  we can suggest , we can trick , but we can not outright deny . 
  and while we will not serve the cake with sugar to the diabetic , the family and the patient do what they want .
