  the way i remember it ( and i might be wrong ) there was a long process of trying to help the parents , but they refused to see there was a problem and/or deal with it . 
  so in the end there had to be action taken . 
  now i think removing a child should be the last resort , but on the other hand how far should neglectful or even ignorant behaviour be allowed to go before you step in ? 
  because if you do n't know what you 're doing , then losing weight is hard . 
  and there is some degree of discrimination against overweight people . 
  so overweight people found each other on the internet , and like other people who find each other and create a community it turned into an echo-chamber , and then what started out as a healthy safe place to help each other turned poisonous . 
  this is n't exclusive to fat acceptance , or feminism , or menninists . 
  it 's universal . 
  if you lock yourself up with people who agree with you that is not healthy . 
  i came across a sub here that i think started out with people who were childless and did n't want to have children came together . 
  but what i saw was bitter people talking about ` breeders ' and how much they all hated children . 
  i backed slowly away . 
  yeah , that is my next step . 
  i was just wondering if there was a pattern already or someone had a better picture . 
  you are brilliant . 
  another thing to put on my to learn list : how to reverse-search the images . 
  thank you !, 
  if i had time to read i would be reading vampire academy , but instead i 'm going to watch law & order episodes and do cross stitch . 
  but vampire diaries is awesome . 
  i do n't think the first 4 books have enough plot , or possibilities to expand plot to fill a season ( even a uk series ) . 
  and the last 3 books are to convoluted to make sense if you stretch it out and not make the cuts the movies did . 
  that is pretty much what i got from this documentary as well . 
  i mean . 
  the documentary wanted to show how ` thought crimes ' were being persecuted and it certainly made it 's biased case for it . 
  but how much planning can you do before it goes from being a thought crime to planning ? 
  this guy is a creep who was way beyond simply thinking about this in the abstract . 
  so does he have to kill someone ( and eat them ) before we can stop him , or can we say that this was what he was going to do if given the chance ? 
  i really like the alphabet you used . 
  that and it is crazy even . 
  you must have nerves of steel . 
  oh , i agree with this . 
  i 've read this joke before . 
  holy hannah !, 
  i have no rhythm and i move like i have arthritis , but even i could do that ` dance ' with a little coaching !, 
  you did good . 
  and just so you know , i 'm going to use your letters for a project i 'm working on . 
  and one of the lessons is that you need sadness , that sadness is n't bad and just an emotion like all other . 
  is it a general american thing , getting anaesthesia for getting a wisdom tooth out ? 
  no one i know have been given anything stronger then local . 
  i 've started substituting pretty much everything with greek yoghurt . 
  need sour cream ? 
  nope greek yoghurt . 
  need cheese sauce ? 
  nope , greek yoghurt . 
  buy ice cream ? 
  nope making my own with greek yoghurt . 
  wait , you remove teeth that do n't have to come out ? 
  it is n't everyone 's cup of tea . 
  try r/loseit or r/trueloseit, 
  my friends laugh at me because i do n't eat the filling of oreos . 
  doublestuffed is a nightmare to me . 
  my green aliens can be short !, 
  that is awesome !, 
  and yes , my sims are all different coloured aliens . 
  deal with it . 
  gone girl or dark places , by gillian flynn, 
  11/22/63 , by stephen king, 
  it is dark , has a main character that is more then a little despicable , and for the last hour and a half of the audiobook i could not pause it even to go to the bathroom . 
  the plot is a little less complicated then both gone girl and sharp objects . 
  gone girl is a little more polished , but this is still a great book . 
  personally i love the descriptions in this book and the characters make my skin crawl with how creepy and realistic they are . 
  dr. melanie wilson is a christian psychologist turned homeschooling mother of six . 
  her life can be crazy , so she looks for sanity-saving ideas for parenting , homeschooling , and getting organized and shares them at psychowith6 , on google + , and pinterest . 
  yeah , that bitch is crazy . 
  i 'm really glad it is . 
  i ca n't see anything wrong he ... oh . 
  i see . 
  call the squirrels !, 
  that is the cutest !, 
  this one is a mixed bag , and probably one you 've heard of before . 
  i tend to find something in every magazine i get , but i usually get them based on what i can see on the webpage or in the store , and the ` gift ' is usually awesome . 
  it 's a mix of modern , childish , and old fashion . 
  i do n't think it 's worth getting every issue , mostly because it is expensive and i do n't love all the issues that much . 
  it is . 
  correction , it 's 16 count, 
  i watch the movie again and again just for the sarcastic bitching of snicket and the director on the commentary track . . 
  eh , that has been debunked . 
  if they ask me directly , and depending on the person i 'll talk really general about what worked for me . 
  i 'll also tell them that my solution might not be their solution , that they should try to figure out what their issues are , but that a good starting point would be to go a few days and just write down everything they eat and then calculate how many calories they are consuming on average and to be honest with themselves about what they eat . 
  i keep out of it unless they ask specific questions about how or why i lost weight . 
  mfp is amazing and gave me a control that i did n't know i did n't already have over my food intake . 
  my mother was much the same . 
  she would tell me i was fat and then tell me i had to eat the massive portions of food she put on my plate . 
  because of circumstances i gained about 20 lbs in the 5 years after moving out , and she would not stop telling me about how fat i 'd become and how she would pay me a lot of money if i lost weight and that i should do low carb with her ( she failed hard at low carb ) . 
  her telling me i was a failure did not help me lose weight , for that i barely talked to her for 6 months while counting calories and being more active . 
  i tried to read it once , but it was so full of veganlogic i could n't . 
  5 ' 1 '' here , so yeah i get it . 
  mfp thought me that i could eat a lot of food for my calories , or i could eat close to nothing . 
  it made it easier to find a balance . 
  and being short means i sometimes lie about how much i weigh because of people who do n't realize that 120lbs is n't underweight for me . 
   yes , female . 
  it did the same for me , and i could n't understand what the fatlogic was . 
  you only got one ? 
  i read a few of them in primary school , and then i found the first 11 books at a second hand marked a few years back . 
  they are amazing . 
  i 've always imagined them as a movie series with a ` watership down ' type animation . 
  i 'm not entirely sure . 
  i started reading books myself when i was 6 , in 1st grade and at that time i know i read the franz books by christine n\u00f6stlinger obsessively . 
  but there was a bunch of different books in a series called reading lions that were targeted at beginner readers . 
  i also remember reading ` jacob two-two meets the hooded fang ' by mordecai richler .
