  i really enjoy stephen kings books , except for the endings , and sometimes up to the last 5th of the book . 
  he ca n't end a book . 
  i think the medical stories where it 's obvious that the writer is n't a doctor is funny , like they could n't google the symptoms of appendicitis ? 
  the sexy-times stories that show that the writer have not had any kind of sex-ed is a little sad . 
  but in a hilarious way . 
  and makes me hope they are with a more experienced partner if they ever want to try out anal . 
  it 's like they got their sex-ed from r/nsfwtf, 
  her books are manipulative af , they always make me cry , and i always hate the endings because she does n't have the courage to follow through her tragic plots . 
  i love his ideas . 
  i 'm not a big fan of his writing style , or the way he ends his stories . 
  i love all the books stephen king writes , except the ones i do n't like . 
  but i read them all . 
  so true . 
  or for the endings of amazing books to be a struggle to get through . 
  11.22.63 is one of my favourite books , and i still skipped over a lot in the end . 
  for chuck palahniuk i 'm realizing the list of books i like is ... short . 
  i like invisible monsters . 
  a lot . 
  it 's the second book i read from him , and i was the right age . 
  yes , much of the book is vulgar and violent and crass just for the sake of being edgy . 
  but i still like the story underneath even though i do n't think it 's a perfect book , this is one of the only books where i 'm completely behind the narrative choice . 
  i do n't like fight club , but i did n't hate it either ? 
  maybe because i saw the movie first , but mostly because it 's so much more annoying with a whiny book character then edward norton , so really because i watched the movie first . 
  i have mixed feelings about survivor . 
  so mixed in fact that i 'm leaving it at that . 
  the same goes for haunted . 
  i read both of these just a few years ago , and i 'm no longer impressed by the cringe/shock factor . 
  i really like the idea behind both , but palahniuk is just so far up his own ass i 'm surprised he did n't choke to death . 
  which brings me to ... 
  i hate everything about chocked , i ca n't even begin to find something i like about it . 
  edit : i forgot about lullaby !, 
  great idea , bad execution . 
  but all in all i. . . liked it ? 
  for stephen king it 's a little simpler , i generally like horror books he wrote in the 80 's , although i have not read everything . 
  my favo urite is misery . 
  of his newer stuff i love everything except the endings of the kennedy book and under the dome . 
  i do n't like the dark tower series or the mercedes books . 
  possibly , are you sitting in your underwear on the sofa right now and consider going to bed ? 
  thank you for showing me a new sub !, 
  i sense a backstory here ... 
  so close ... 
  i almost give her credit for perseverance . 
  i sense a pattern . 
  give me your fandom of choice . 
  i do n't actually have any links . 
  i read a lot of bad lemon for harry potter when i started a lot of snape teaches still at hogwarts harry about the magics of l\u00f8\u00f8ve . 
  there is the queen of bad fic , the one no one is really sure if it 's someone trolling or seriously writing it . 
  [ my immortal ] ( http://myimmortal.wikia.com/wiki/my_immortal/chapters_1-11 ), 
  and remember that 50 shades started out as twilight fanfiction, 
  then there 's [ weepingcock ] ( http://weepingcock.livejournal.com/ ) , lots of examples there . 
  that was gold . 
  [ ** turner diaries by andrew macdonald ** ] ( https://archive.org/details/theturnerdiariesbyandrewmacdonald ), 
  it 's not a good book . 
  but i 'm following a theme , so it was natural . 
  scary as heck , and kind of interesting look at a strange worldview . 
  i have n't read it , but the movie was great . 
  it is !, 
  and seriously , i went to goodreads to look up the books ? 
  the ratings are insane . 
  you sweet summer child . 
  it would have been a shitshow no matter who won . 
  this is the new reality now . 
  depends if the killer is a white neo-nazi or a poor , oppressed palestinian . 
  congratulations , your diploma and itunes giftcard is in the mail . 
  he did , but the order was for federal employees . 
  what i read this was about was allowing service providers , so the butcher the baker and the candlestick maker , to refuse to cater in gay weddings . 
  maybe for the same reason why i remember the major plot points of all the flowers in the attic books ? 
  hint ? 
  it gets even more creepy and incesty . 
  awww ... 
  i did n't hate the actual ending . 
  just the `` alternate future '' timeline . 
  i wanted it to be more about changes if kennedy had lived and less natural disaster . 
  but the ending itself was sweet . 
  but i almost did n't get there , because i threw the book away in disgust at the cop-out with the natural disasters . 
  great actors , the girl playing melanie is perfect . 
  huh . 
  then i hope you like the veggie springrolls you/i 'm eating right now . 
  i just started the day with a glass of water , and the sound my stomach makes as i push it while lounging on the sofa ? 
  hillarious . 
  they can pay for classes with private swim groups , and show proof of participation . 
  you really must . 
  how do other countries stack up against that number ? 
  without that data set then it 's just kind of arbitrary . 
  welcome to the club !, 
  i spent two days eating icecream so that my vomit would taste nicer . 
  i get it , break rooms can be cancer . 
  just do like the rest of us who do n't want to be dragged into a conversation about trump , homeopathy , or how everyone in the room have seen an angel at one point or another , do : wear headphones and be that strange one who listen to music and knits . 
  it 's been a few years since i went to the message board , but i remember some good and some really funny discussions . 
  it was great at finding out what classical music was used in movies . 
  that said , at some point i lost my password and when i tried to make a new account they demanded a phone number and i gave up . 
  so many times . 
  except you already can do this with at least the android app ? 
  because i can do this with the app on my phone . 
  go to the lines on the upper left corner . 
  scroll down to account , it will redirect to the browser , and you can go to viewing activity , and you can delete to your hearts content . 
  yeah , it 's not a one click option , but it 's not that hard either . 
  just posted this . 
  thought maybe i had a magical android app , but glad it works for other people as well . 
  not as a writer , but as a reader ;,
