  i really miss the episodes . 
  spring is so far away . 
  sometimes it 's better to just have a clean break . 
  you can tell them that it was more work then you expected it to be , and that you unfortunately do n't have the time to do it properly . 
  `` thank you for your comment , your comment is very important to us '', 
  repeat in spanish . 
  or ignore it . 
  block anon ask , they are cancer . 
  now i kind of want to read your stories ... 
  i love the this !, 
  guy . 
  picoult question : i love 90 % of any given book , but then usually hate the ending with a fiery passion . 
  i reread my sisters keeper pretty regular , but have torn out the last few pages . 
  how is this one ? 
  emotionally manipulative in all the right ways ? 
  ... no ! ^ ok ^ yes ... 
  and this is why you do n't look at your phone while crossing the road . 
  documentary about the first documented case of a person who [ survived ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qdpuxhhewdk ) . 
  she was bitten by a bat and three weeks later when she had the first neurological symptoms , tingeling in her left arm , she was given a death sentence . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/jeanna-giese-rabies-survivor/ ), 
  it does n't really have to be cheap either . 
  i bought a battery for my phone , it was priced like a samsung product , and it was n't supposed to send from china , but when it arrived it was an obvious counterfeit . 
  what ? 
  not what i meant to say . 
  have you tried contacting cbs ? 
  i am not alone !, 
  they 'll just start selling supplements . 
  or they did n't want their products to be shown on racist articles . 
  doctors are book smart . 
  they can still be fucking idiots . 
  source : ben carson is an amazing doctor , and a complete idiot . 
  i watched parts of a hour long video that set out to prove that michelle was a man . 
  it was funny until i realized it was n't satire . 
  then it was terrifying . 
  where have you been for the past 8-9 years , because they were vocal about it long before trump decided to run . 
  pretty much the first thing i asked the person who showed it to me . 
  the answer is that it 's technically about `` weaving '' , that and the band is called la corchetis . 
  but there is knitting in the video !, 
  every time i see these posts i push elephants one slot higher on my list of things i 'm making . 
  it 's curtently at nr 8 . 
  it has taught me to stay away from brazil , and that you should never trust cars . 
  oh , and do n't look at your phone while crossing the street . 
  it makes me wonder if they are part of the quiverfull movement . 
  always watch out for lampposts . 
  or possibly , stay away from china . 
  um ... at some point you might have to take out the garbage . 
  hint ... do n't take out the garbage . 
  seriously . 
  stay away from knives in general . 
  but , yes . 
  stay the fuck away from cartels and do n't assume that just because the doors open that there 's an elevator waiting for you . 
  necessity is the mother of invention . 
  on another note , this is why i love the interchangable circular needles . 
  you can just love the work on the wire and use the needles for the next project . 
  is that dna you 're stitching ? 
  that is adorable , my favourite is the a with the snitch !, 
  those are ... perfect . 
  seriously , i 'm a little bit jealous right now . 
  good find . 
  i must not be doing it right since i only seem to find condoms and used needles : /, 
  i hope that was intentional , because you made me laugh until i cried . 
  i 've done it before , with [ great success ] ( https://www.redditgifts.com/gallery/gift/wonderful-september-surprise-1/ ) . 
  but it 's christmas , and i have 20 days to knit two sweaters , so not an option . 
  i watched a youtube video about it , well parts becaude it was nearly 2 houfs of insane rambelings . 
  then i looked at the side bar and saw that it was filled with other videos just like the one i was watching . 
  i 'm not surprised someone showed up with a gun . 
  adorable !, 
  you are brave . 
  and with a marius pattern . 
  that seems like the perfect gift !, 
  crochet flower/cactus for the desk !, 
  i 'm not going anywhere near a window , that shit will kill you twice . 
  i love the paper !, 
  now i want it as a wallpaper , and have it be like the wallpaper in charlie and the chocolate factory . 
  pretty much . 
  a cheeseburger and the fries ads up to mif to high 500 . 
  and that is without drinks . 
  i get it for dinner on my running days sometimes as a treat . 
  of topic : i 'm making `` i have a motherfucking phd '' scarf as a christmas present for my cousin . 
  so now everytime i see phd i giggle a little . 
  and then panic because christmas is just 20 days away . 
  in my late teens i would follow the 500 calories a day diet for a few days , then eat everything in sight for a day or two then try to be good and go back to 500 calories . 
  i did n't get why i was n't losing any weight since i ate close to nothing . 
  yeah , as long as they do n't replace the actual size with positive messages , then i 'm not outraged over this . 
  that said , if i have to find out if i 'm a flower or a snowflake in any given store i 'm walking out of there . 
  so like the toothfairy ? 
  they come in the night , and leave a note with your goodess size under your pillow ? 
  i watched this show with the kid i babysat . 
  the only thing i remember is the cake song . 
  in fact i still know all the words to it . 
  pina colada tastes like pina colada . 
   he 's more ~ ~ machine ~ ~ cocaine now than man . 
  ftfy, 
  if done right , + sizes having their own size charts could be great . 
  a bit like children 's sizes having their own charts . 
  it could make it easier to find the correct sizes . 
  but it has to be an industry standard and not just some random store making it up . 
  surprisingly accurate , except i shortened the intervals . 
  and by the way , fuck you . 
  seriously i was going to bed soon , but now i 'll have to spend the next hour and a half watching butterfield videos .
