  that makes more sense !, 
  that is just pretty !, 
  i loved browsing the suggested exhanges , and the sent gift thing was amazing . 
  i get the elf status a month at the time by doing rematching , so it 's not always i have it . 
  planning , my nemesis ... 
  as someone who have given my address to 8 random ass persons as of right now , the worst that has happened is that they did n't use it . 
  and if you 're worried you could get a postbox if you still want to participate . 
  what if you already live in mexico ? 
  asking for a friend . 
  thank you ... or rather , my friend says thank you . 
  i 've made an deleted so many profiles because of this . 
  it 's frankly easier then going in and deleting things from the watched list . 
  another thing that irritates me is the ` continue watching ' feed that is filled with movies and series i 've watched until the end . 
  for the love of all that is holy , never watch any food related documentaries , you 'll only be recommended vegetarian/organic food themed movies until you go crazy and start eating your own flesh . 
  um ... not sure about this subs stance on streaming sites ... ( couch tuner ), 
  but have you tried hulu ? 
  i think a few of the shows are there . 
  the postman , by david brin . 
  yes there is a movie based on this book . 
  but the book is really good . 
  there is some science talk that is outdated , but it 's limited , and the book itself is fascinating . 
  i 've done homemade gifts , in the end it depends on what your giftee wants . 
  i do n't automatically go for home made items , just when it 's appropriate . 
  so get your match and then ask sneaky questions to find out if homemade will be appreciated . 
  i think it 's easier to go home made for the more specific exchanges . 
  i did cross stitch for both the comic book and the disney exchange , but doubt i 'll do it for this main exchange since it 's so broad . 
  only downside with this is that there is no tracking , but as long as you take a picture of the gift with stamps , custom forms and receivers address clearly visible that should be ok as proof of shipping . 
  i use this as an opportunity to clean up my wishlist . 
  but for me the list is a quick and easy way to show my interests . 
  that and if my giftee is from the us the money i save on shipping is not insignificant . 
  that sounds amazing , i wish it was an option for me . 
  from what you 've written i 'd say uti , but since you 're still walking upright i doubt you 'll get hospitalized . 
  go to the doctor , get antibiotics , and then take the antibiotics . 
  or maybe one of the hip , young characters will show of their [ vintage converse shoes ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3hpizroh4zc ), 
  i usually do the cheat codes to get money . 
  mostly because i want to build more then my budget allows . 
  i 'm in love !, 
  that looks so pretty , and so time consuming . 
  this is adorable !, 
  that is pretty much amazing !, 
  i 'm going to search for the plastic canvas . 
  i am in awe !, 
  and the black background really makes it pop . 
  in fact , i 'm getting more and more into black aida . 
  will the magic beans sprout and take me to a magic castle in the sky ? 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't get it ... 
  thank you !, 
  sometimes i 'm just really slow on the uptake . 
  voi voi ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvpiep0mys4 ), 
  i 've done it , sometimes you can add gift option with personal note , other times i 've just messaged my giftee and informed them that the amazon gift showing up on their door soon is from me and not them sleep ordering from amazon . 
  the most expensively shipped gift i 've received was from australia and the price was a little over $ 50 australian . 
  on average sending from norway to us/canada costs $ 20 - $ 30 if i ship it as mail and not package , and i can send up to 5kg as mail as long as it is n't bigger then a large shoebox . 
  i 'm going to wait and see what my giftee wants before i start making plans ... 
  not as much asking for as telling what i 'm interested in , in addition i 'm including my amazon giftlist . 
  try finding an address from the country your sending it to and go from there . 
  i do n't think there is . 
  i `` only '' have 12 credits , and signed up for the 1 credit option . 
  depends how you play . 
  i would go for crazy . 
  things are never boring with crazy . 
  i ignored everything that was n't mandatory . 
  put a lot of information into the notes to help your santa box and pretty much nothing else . 
  i 've loved the reddit drama , but i have no idea how that would help my santa get me a gift . 
  that sucks . 
  my rematch for the keychain exchange picked up the info and then there was nothing . 
  for europe use the amazon uk or germany sites . 
  but yeah , i do agree with you . 
  amazon is such a convenient thing if my giftee from the us wants specific things . 
  i 've been lucky enough to have seen yorgos lanthimos previous movies in cinema as well , and the best way i 've found to describe the lobster is yorgos lanthimos most commercial movie . 
  my favourite movie from him is still dogtooth , but the lobster is a great movie as well . 
  i have n't actually watched that many wes anderson movies , and from what i have watched i do n't agree with you . 
  to me anderson 's style is quirky , narrated , with a big focus on sets and colours being very stylized , as well as him directing his actors to be very ... wooden ? 
  the lobster have traces of this , but his other movies reminds me more of documentaries . 
  very low key . 
  why ? 
  i mean , it 's not a masterpiece , but what makes you want to erase it from history ? 
  i pretty much only filled out the notes for santa part and did so with general interests , some info about myself and the fact that i 'm remodelling the kitchen right now and was looking for fun , functional , and practical kitchen appliances . 
  but yeah , i 've done twice as many rematches as i 've done exchanges . 
  from that i 've already have so many ideas !, 
  i 'm going to copy you and add my etsy list as well , just need to find out how . 
  adorable !, 
  i 'm mentally trying to figure out what i can do with them . 
  right now i 'm considering making 200 of them and just filling the bathtub with them . 
  i 'll call it the snuggletub instead and it will be the best place in the apartment . 
  so cute !, 
  mine is in august , but i 'm still thinking a trip to ikea to buy new storage boxes are in order . 
  this might lead to me actually getting the game ... 
  when i get bored of a big project i usually just make baby clothing , they 're usually quick projects and there 's always someone having a baby , so having a stash to take from is at times a nice thing . 
  for tiny thing i make cards . 
  just like baby clothing , there 's always something to use a card for . 
  #alas , babylon , by pat frank, 
  nuclear holocaust story about a little town in florida that gets spared , but have to struggle to get on with life . 
  ** tomorrow when the war began , by john marsden **, 
  i 'm also reading my way through the entire series , currently on book 3 . 
  australia have been invaded by a coalition of their neighbouring asian countries , who have been envious of the wealth of australia . 
  we follow a gang of teenagers who managed to evade the first attack and are now struggling to both survive and to fight back . 
  sherlock holmes , to me , is best when adapted . 
  because even though i love ` the hounds of baskerville ' , the other stories i 've read have been less detective and more sherlock solving crimes of screen and then telling watson about it , and watson being impressed . 
  how is it ? 
  i 've wanted to pick it up , but it just seems a little pretentious from the blurb on the back .
