  i have no faith that they will ever release a good spiderman movie . 
  even if the original script is perfect they will rewrite it until it makes no sense . 
  no objections from me !, 
  better off ted !, 
  funny , no storyline to speak of and insanely quotable . 
  that is a great idea !, 
  yeah , but you have to have had a gold membership for 3 months . 
  and i 'm not there yet . 
  and the classic ` it 's home-made so it 's healthy ' argument . 
  there 's also apps made for ed recovery that again , you log the food and you 're not told how many calories it is , but rather asked how you felt when you ate this and why . 
  seriously ? 
  who looks at the ads with models in bikinis eating junk food and thinks , yes this woman eats hamburgers ? 
  me and my sister used to try to find clips where the models actually took a bite and swallowed . 
  when i was 7-8 i saw a lion 's mane jellyfish that was at least 1.5 m diameter . 
  i 've been sceptical about going into the sea since then . 
  but remember to check the genetic database to see how closely you are related first . 
  iceland is pretty much one big family . 
  and it 's an app , http://grapevine.is/mag/articles/2013/05/10/its-not-just-an-anti-incest-app/, 
  that to , i mean is eating a skill now ? 
  oh , i use that extensively . 
  what kind of gifts do you do ? 
  and who gets them ? 
  i 'm considering adding something to the usual gift of home made booze to the relatives . 
  a bookmark or something small , or i might just go fancy and make some christmas ornaments . 
  it ended up gorgeous , and you have an impressive story to tell about it !, 
  thank you !, 
  we all have a traumatic pintrest story . 
  but yours involved cat hair , and that makes it the pintrestest of all . 
  this awesome artist made it . 
  i was looking at it and wondering what show it came from , then i noticed the woman in pink at the end and that could only be penelope !, 
  i have n't watched this show since season 2 , but i remember her . 
  that is adorable !, 
  my stash is small , but it does lean towards mint coloured for some reason . 
  most likely because i do a lot of knitting for babies , and i think it 's a nice and neutral colour . 
  there is no consequences . 
  and judging by the thriving pro-ana community , it is n't a hinder either . 
  so a while ago a man died during a triathlon not far from where i live . 
  he started having problems in the swimming portion , and flagged down someone to help him . 
  even with help being less then a minute away , he was dead by the time the medics reached him . 
  this was a man in his 50s , who had actually trained for the race and most likely had a heart attack . 
  i 'm starting to get worried that ragen is actually going to try to compete . 
  it was like that for me as well , got an e-mail telling me my santa had gotten my info before i knew it was live and then nothing until they pulled my info yesterday and i 'm hoping it was just to confirm address or something , but it has n't been shipped yet . 
  i 'm doing rematch for nintendo . 
  i 'm hoping my comic exchanger comes through . 
  i had 2 exchanges this time . 
  the first was easy , and fun to shop for and done in a few days . 
  the second was hand made , and i would have had plenty of time to do both the things i was planning on making . 
  then my grandmother had a stroke , and my time table got shot to hell . 
  so i informed my giftee that i might be late in shipping and managed to limp over the finish line a day on overtime . 
  i sent the half of the gift that got done and saved the address so that i can send the rest later . 
  that said my disney rematch was shipped the same day as i sent the first gift of this round . 
  thank you . 
  it was n't the kind of stroke you get well from , so were just waiting . 
  she 's ready to go home to gramps and jesus , and we 're praying she 's not going to have any pain . 
  good luck hug !, 
  i 'm calling bs . 
  there is no sources anywhere for this story . 
  i 'd recommend adding wannsee to that day trip . 
  the contrast between the villa area where the final solution was planned to the concentration camp was chilling , and if i remember correctly the 1 train goes from wansee to oranienburg ( which i found strangely poetic ) . 
  eh ... live and let live i say . 
  one of my santas have sent a message telling me the gift will be late due to shipping , the other have not given a single peep . 
  it sucks , but as someone who had a hard time this challenge ( medical emergency in the family ) i 've decided not to judge . 
  either they will come through , or i will add myself to the rematch and they have to deal with the consequences for themselves . 
  my heart skipped a beat when i saw the ` season 4 of sherlock cancelled ' headline , then i realized that nope , not real . 
  awww ... 
  this is adorable !, 
  what colour was the water originally ? 
  can you imagine the bloodbath if the thermostat became a free for all ? 
  today i discovered that ` victoria beckham ' was programmed into mine . 
  it 's a strange day indeed . 
  i know the feeling . 
  although where i work there is central heating and nothing we can do about it other then complain that the people in charge do n't know it 's technically summer so the temperature inside is hovering around 30 * c. 
  i grew up with a well . 
  and the water quality was good . 
  as for the city i live in they upgraded both water and sewage lines over the last decade or so and also added a new treatment plant after a pretty nasty round of contamination caused by lines built to close together and , you know , being old . 
  that does n't sound ... pleasant . 
  good call changing it . 
  i had the same problem . 
  lanolin made it better : http://www.tricksyknitter.com/how-to-soften-wool/, 
  it was a revelation for me as well . 
  looking good !, 
  her doctor probably just stared at her , then looked down to avoid asking her if she really was that fucking stupid . 
  that is adorable !, 
  i get their add on the daily show all the time on hulu, 
  a newt ? 
  no , this is from a documentary about a boat that sank . 
  titanic , i think it was called . 
  it was fascinating how much film they managed to recover from the wreckage and from survivors . 
  well we did do the nose . 
  and the hat . 
  but she is a witch !, 
  to be fair , the insurance costs of filming at sea would be insane . 
  do n't feel bad , i do n't think anyone else knew about it either . 
  oh , i agree that doctors can be ... less then competent . 
  my grandmother had a horrible doctor who could n't have diagnosed a bloody nose . 
  but this story just does n't ring true to me . 
  edit : not your story , this story as in the op, 
  ... yarn ... 
  my `` knowledge '' about modelling comes from watching antm , so i know nothing , but there was a girl there one season who was told by tyra banks that she could either gain some weight and become a + size or lose weight , and that with her figure the smart thing to do would be to gain some weight . 
  um ... i 've seen this mentioned before , but what is cake day awards ?
