  so discriminating on grounds of height is fine ? 
  what an oppressive person . 
  one of the reasons why i do n't have cats . 
  if i die suddenly at home i do n't want them to eat me . 
  so youtube have been insisting on showing me this my big fat fabulous life before every video i watch :, 
  it reminds me of the more cabaret video where a bunch of women barely move and call it dancing . 
  she 's so obese that the movements disappear . 
  i think that is everyone 's favourite secret eaters moment . 
  is n't there pretty much a consensus that breaking bad is the malcolm in the middle sequel we did n't know we needed ? 
  it really does !, 
  i 've had co-workers look at my weight and without taking the fact that i 'm short into consideration , told me i 'm underweight . 
  my bmi is around 23 . 
  after their bs anti-gmo video i ca n't stand them . 
  and what does hank do , except hang on the coattail of his more famous brother ? 
  i watched a few of their vlog videos and did n't see the point of them . 
  then i stumbled across their science once and they were cringe worthy . 
  why ? 
  she gets her salary , it 's not her employers task to make sure she follows basic hygiene . 
  give her notice and tell her to deal with it or get fired . 
  but it 's not the fringe , it 's their biggest spokesmen and philosophers . 
  i appreciate everything feminists have done for women in the past , but right now they are boggled down with petty arguments and causes . 
  it 's everything about feminist accademia , the prevalence of the horrible ( and not funny ) ` kill all men ' hashtag , the strange policing of women who do not identify as feminists ( and that is the majority ) , and the way they treat mras . 
  me to . 
  i 'm for women 's rights , but i am not a feminist . 
  being a stand-up comedian is hard work , it 's not high pay and you have to have really thick skin . 
  i think it 's about how women , with or without families , chose to prioritize their time . 
  and berating women for the choices they make for themselves is terrible behaviour . 
  the updated version was a year later , and it was almost as terrible . 
  that is what i thought to , i even called myself a feminist until some true feminists told me i was n't a real feminist because i questioned some of their dogma , and it turns out there is a lot of dogma . 
  like the there is no difference between boys and girls ( and if there is it 's all societies fault , not biology ) , that women get lower wages then men , that you should always believe someone claiming they have been raped without evidence ( but women ca n't rape men ) . 
  depending on who you ask you might just be another hetronormativ cis oppressor . 
  i think the biggest problem is the younger generations , where the crazy , kill all men feminists used to be fringe , these tumblr feminists have never actually been disadvantaged because of their gender and are grasping at straws to find ways they to have been oppressed . 
  we 're not against womens rights , we 're just against the ideology that feminism have become , that cares more about manspreading and not offending muslims then they do actual womens issues . 
  i have friends who are shocked when i tell them that i walk home after work at 11-12pm . 
  but i do n't have a problem with it , i 've never had negative experiences and i 'm not scared . 
  while a friend of mine locks all the doors in the car when she drives through town , because ... i guess she watched to many mentos commercials as a child . 
  oh yeah , where i live this is considered a weapon . 
  i 'm doing the keychain exchange for redditgift and panicked a little when i saw the pepper-spray and these weapons being posted in the gallery . 
  i sent a quick message to my santa to tell them to please not send weapons . 
  i do n't think there is an easy advice to give you on what you should do . 
  from what i can see you have three main choices : abortion , adoption , or keeping the child . 
  i 'm a list person , so i would sit down and write pros and cons for all three . 
  take a day or two to find out what you want to do , get a little emotional distance from the shock and hen talk to your husband . 
  really ? 
  that seems crazy to me . 
  i mean , what if your in an accident and rescuers ca n't get in because you 've locked the door ? 
  i do n't know if intermittent fasting is unhealthy at your age , but i ca n't really see any reason why it should be . 
  but when it comes to your family , i doubt anything will convince them it is n't bad to not eat dinner . 
  have you tried mfp to count calories ? 
  maybe even offer to cook dinner for the family ? 
  still do n't get why you should lock the doors . 
  that is pretty !, 
  i know right ? 
  talk about blowing a non issue out of proportion . 
  the worst part is that there is a legitimate point in that rant , packaging that is hard to open is a problem , both for the elderly and for others . 
  but blaming it on the patriarchy is n't helping anyone . 
  everything converted to feminist feels ... 
  that was horrible . 
  if i ever lose track of my cycle i 'll know it 's time by not being able to zip up my pants . 
  not an mra . 
  i 'm just seeing the flaws in her arguments . 
  do what ? 
  sorry , did n't see the deleted comment and thought you were addressing me . 
  so female criminals are sent to men 's prisons , which i guess now will just be called prisons . 
  but is n't that true about male prisoners as well ? 
  then why use such an inflammatory title ? 
  eh ... it 's not the worst , but not the best either . 
  stabbing once every week or so not every day . 
  the thin male friend being taller is triggering her fragile sense of self worth . 
  holy hannah , my knees ache just looking at her . 
  i 'm going to go for a run now . 
  that is just sad . 
  i feel so sorry for this woman . 
  if it was n't for that normal sized girl , they would look reasonable in comparison . 
  i 've never been so happy to see candy in my life . 
  lol, 
  the person was so polite !, 
  my response would be more like :, 
  `` yeah ... no , i 'm not going to do that . '', 
  that mango is magnifique !, 
  just no . 
  you pay for your own menstrual products , they are not that expensive and considering the amount of money these ... girls parents are paying for their precious darling to get a degree in feminist history study they can afford paying for pads as well . 
  who 's name is on the lease ? 
  if it 's yours tell your roommate that sleazy mr. greasy is not welcome and that you will kick him out if he ever sets foot in the apartment again . 
  if it 's him ( or someone else ) it 's time to start looking for somewhere else to live . 
  why yeah ? 
  i was feeling a little guilty for the mac & cheese i had for dinner , it was more then a little calorie heavy . 
  but at least i did n't add a cup of sugar or condensed milk . 
  there is a salad bar where i work . 
  some of my co-workers think salads are healthy . 
  all salads . 
  even the ones that are 40 % cheese and sour cream . 
  except for the fact that the influx of fakers means workers sometimes are less then diligent about keeping gluten free gluten free . 
  the mother of a friend of mine has celiac and a few times she have caught resturant/cafe workers cutting up gluten free rolls with the same knife and at the same place where they cut up regular rolls . 
  at one instance they ordered pizza , specified gluten free several times and got either a regular pizza or one that was cross contaminated . 
  a co-worker of mine is doing this . 
  she does n't count calories , so her fasting days , from what i see is at least 1000 calories and her normal days are much much higher , because ` she did n't eat anything yesterday ' . 
  holy mother of beetus . 
  it really is n't . 
  i have two right now , a mooncup and a divacup .
