  now that does n't mean the school have to change , but in my opinion they should take them into consideration and maybe change to single bathroom to avoid this issue all together . 
  really ? 
  you see no situations where girls would feel uncomfortable being naked and showering in front of a boy ? 
  this is what helped me . 
  i might try it then !, 
  thanks !!, 
  is she planning not to shower after gym class ? 
  preop transman should either go to single bathroom or womens bathroom . 
  i 'm sorry , it 's 1am and english is n't my first language , but i do n't get the ouch ? 
  anyways , to clarify and to make me sound like less of a douchbag ( because i see that my comment makes me sound like one ) . 
  personally i do n't see a problem with a transwoman using the same bathroom as me , or given that there are individual stalls i do n't have an issue with them using the same changing room either . 
  but i can see why these girls do n't feel comfortable with changing in the same room as someone who in their eyes is a teenage boy . 
  i think there is better ways to introduce this then to barge in and demand that they should change how they feel regardless how stupid those feelings are . 
  i 'm really sorry about the spelling in this post , i can see all the red squiggly lines , but i 've taken out my contacts and ca n't see all that much right now . 
  the famous `` fat '' pictures of her were taken when she was pregnant . 
  oh ... i was considering getting ts4 , but that is a deal breaker for me . 
  there was nothing else you could have done , the animal was in pain and you did what you had to . 
  although you might consider transitioning your cat to be an indoor cat if you want to avoid this in the future . 
  better for the cat , better for the local wildlife . 
  if you 're taking women 's studies to begin with you know what you 're getting yourself into . 
  this is true . 
  but there are ways to say things . 
  how about telling him that you 're not interested and maybe ask why he thought you were interested , instead of attacking him as an insensitive asshole . 
  i 'm short , just passing the hight requirements on some rides , and have slim shoulders , and you know what ? 
  i do n't go on rides with harness that goes over your shoulders because it feels like i 'm slipping out of them . 
  i do n't write angry posts about the parks not accommodating my body type . 
  i just accept the fact that i 'm to small for the ride . 
  it 's been a while since i 've been on rides , but i remember there was a few where i was a little over the hight requirement , came to the ride and sat down and then got up again because it was obvious that the seat was n't designed for someone as short as me . 
  and then there was times i went on the ride anyway and spent the entire time there feeling like i was going to fall off . 
  that is the sort of ride i would not feel safe taking , because the harness is usually to big for me . 
  imagine not thinking about your own security . 
  when the over shoulders harness is a good 10cm over your shoulders and the one over your lap is a good 15cm over and you 're thinking , this is n't safe , why is n't someone telling me i ca n't go on this ride . 
  the last time i went on one of those upside down rides none of the harnesses were tight enough and then i felt one of my shoulders slip out of the harness , and i was holding on for dear life . 
  when was the last time you watched the matrix ? 
  because i re-watched it recently , no longer being a moody teenager , and to be honest i was n't all that impressed ? 
  and i used to love that movie . 
  do n't watch it . 
  it will make you realize just how easily impressed you were as a teenager . 
  it 's their money , they can do what they want with it . 
  i mean at least they 're not demanding nhs pays for it . 
  personally i think they should spend a bit of their money on a therapist or two , but it is their money and they can spend it on what they want to . 
  yeah , you fucked up , but i 'm not sure many people would n't have done the same in the situation . 
  now you have to keep your head down and look even harder for a new job . 
  do you have any way to heat food ? 
  i 'm in the same situation , no fridge at work , but there is a microwave . 
  so i make large batch lasagne/pie and freeze it in portions then take it out in the evening to bring to work in the morning , by the time it 's lunch it 's mostly defrosted and i just heat it up . 
  does the brunette work at buzzfeed ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've seen her in a lot of their videos . 
  i know when my iron levels are wonky , mostly because i 'll have no energy and end up sleeping all the time . 
  but before i start taking supplements i go to the doctor to have my levels checked , because high and low iron levels have the same symptoms and to rule out that it 's something else . 
  seeing a ` small ' amount of food on a big plate is for me less satisfying then seeing the same amount of food on a smaller plate . 
  the question is if it would have helped ? 
  i mean , would she be able to stick with the diet ? 
  the problem is that just like with down , it all depends on the parents and how they deal with the child . 
  the behaviour described in the article reminds me a lot of my cousin who is developmentally delayed after getting brain damage when he was born , he has no impulse control , and socially very awkward . 
  if allowed he would eat nothing but candy . 
  i do n't think it 's that simple . 
  she went to special ed , and her food seeking behaviour was more then just her just overeating . 
  which makes me believe she had some issues that either was never properly diagnosed or that the foster parents was n't prepared for a child with her issues and did n't know how to handle her . 
  oh my goodness , that is big . 
  there 's also some evidence that a low-carb diet can help for pcos . 
  5 ' 1 '' here , when i was on a ` diet ' i used to aim for around 1200 calories a day , but then i only had 30-40lbs to lose . 
  1400 calories is a lot of food if you chose the right kinds of food , in addition my food budget went down a lot when i stopped with the fast and expensive meals and started planning ahead . 
  for 1200 calories i could get three filling meals , and desert ( yes i eat ice-cream every day ! ) . 
  and if i was hungry outside of meals i would go for a low calorie snack , like veggies . 
  that said , why was she aiming at 1200 in the first place ? 
  that seems like she picked a number that was setting herself up to fail . 
  are we still talking about this terrible airline ? 
  i mean , with as many crashes they have getting weighed and found to heavy could be them doing you a favour . 
  and if your weight got announced to the entire terminal i would agree , but it seems like these people hear weighing and then jump into defensive mode . 
  if you wear sunscreen and go swimming in the ocean you 're basically killing the coral reefs , you bastard . 
  in the beginning , sure . 
  but after a while you figure out how little shitty food you can eat for a given number of calories and you just want to eat more so better food it is . 
  from what i remember that was it 's one good moment , and then it started on abut how processed food is evil and the big evil companies are forcing us to eat a lot of sugar and we simply do n't have the power to stop eating so the government has to ban everything . 
  edit : i 'm halfway through and they have yet to mention calories at all . 
  it 's all about sugar . 
  they list the sugar content of that p&j , but not a word about how many calories . 
  edit2 : i 've been skipping a lot , but making sure to watch some of each scene , and as far as i saw they did n't talk about calories a single time . 
  at the end they went on a sugar free diet , which had so much less calories , and they lost weight , but you know what ? 
  no mention of calories . 
  the end lesson was good , cook real food , but the why was presented as sugar is evil . 
  i have no problems with the movie telling people to eat what it refers to as real food , or that it points out that the food children get at school is terrible ( and i mean , seriously usa ? 
  that kind of food was banned in my school ) . 
  but they still did n't mention calories , and the fact that it does n't matter what you eat , if it has to many calories you will gain weight . 
  except it lets people who eat home cooked food , but to much of it , an excuse to blame it on `` conditions '' instead of the fact that they are eating to many calories , healthy calories , but still to many . 
  and now i have to scrub my netflix history so this garbage does n't influence the recommendations . 
  i thought glorifying mental illness was a tumblr thing , but it 's obviously spreading . 
  i 'm back on mfp right now after taking a years break . 
  and i 'm seeing a lot more `` body positivity '' now then i did last time i was on . 
  there is a lot of posts that just end up in arguments about shaming , and telling people not to look at what other people eat and give negative feedback . 
  just get uniforms , pants and shirts for everyone . 
  `` i 'm not coming in to work today , i have all the cancers . 
  yes you heard me right . 
  all . 
  them . '', 
  it 's nothing wrong with suspecting that you have an illness , as long as you do n't take that suspicion as proof . 
  where i work there is only women right now , and it is horrible how much backstabbing and gossiping there is . 
  rape is supposed to be a surprise !, 
  you 're really bad at this rmow business . 
  i bet you did n't even go to college , if you had you would have taken the mandatory misogyny 101 courses .
