  that is oddly satisfying ... 
  the director had n't made action movies before , so none of the ` money shots ' were ready in time for the trailers , so there was nothing to impress us . 
  i just did . 
  my grandmother had a huge one , 4 m , covering an entire wall . 
  we had to disassemble it as well as we could and then tried for a week to find someone who would take it . 
  in the end the salvation army took it . 
  it really was , all the other old solid wood furnitures was taken at once . 
  but this one item was just to big and solid that even if i had room in my apartment i would n't have taken it because it would have eaten up the room . 
  i was ready to be outraged , and then i was just impressed instead !, 
  this makes me want to become your friend and then get married . 
  it is so pretty , i love the green lines that breaks the pattern up a little . 
  i 'm not sure if i dare to ask how long it took to make this ... 
  yeah !, 
  time to download tindr and find myself a man !, 
  or i might just learn how to crochet , which was my goal when getting into this sub . 
  is she really ? 
  i mean her top 5 grossing films , and 7 of the top 10 , are all franchise movies . 
  then there 's two awards movies , one of which is an ensemble cast . 
  as far as i can see lawrence was the box office draw to one movie ; house at the end of the street . 
  and that movie had a worldwide gross of 39.5 mill on a 10 mill budget . 
  a doctor who takes blood tests without you having to argue about it ? 
  where do i sign up ? 
  i mean my doctor acts like i 'm about to torture her when i ask to have my iron levels checked . 
  crumble pie . 
  for the topping use 1\u00a01/2 cup rolled oats , add 1-3 tbsp honey depending on how sweet you want it and 3 tbsp oil/butter . 
  then add spices that goes with your filling . 
  except there 's still some communists where i live who still think pol pot would have made an utopian society if it was n't for the west meddling . 
  i 've talked to people who defend pol pot , and in one instance questioned a nepali girl about how she knew the people who burned down her village was the communist rebels and not the government soldiers . 
  the bath bomb was funny , and not actually gendered ? 
  easiest way to know what tools are yours without having to break out 3 different colours of electrical tape . 
  my pet peeve is adults doing children 's voices , that i 'm pretty sure have never heard a child talk . 
  dear mac miller ... i have n't pepper sprayed them ? 
  to me this is just overly emotional and manipulative . 
  and saved the environment !, 
  i 'm a woman , i 've talked about this video with my friends , none of us can relate . 
  considering the box office of twilight and hunger games is pretty similar ( from what i can see , but i might be wrong ) , then yes . 
  i 'm thinking the hunger games would have been successful no matter who was in the role as katniss as long as they were likeable . 
  we 'll see how it goes when she does n't have a franchise behind her . 
  joy is a smaller movie and looks like more of an awards contender then something to break box office records . 
  the true test will be passengers , it will be fun to see if she really is worth the big check she gets for that movie . 
  of course . 
  i 'm going to say yes . 
  there are a few elements that i 'd consider major spoilers that change the way you see the movie . 
  today you learned that communist logic makes no sense . 
  tyl , indeed . 
  that is adorable !, 
  that is quite the difference !, 
  you know , if you fold your socks together before throwing them in the washer you do n't lose them ... 
  thank you . 
  now that is the only thing i see . 
  i 'd suck it up , note that the image is blurry in the description and move on . 
  i get it now . 
  not entirely sure how i ended up in this sub , but this is the first picture i 've looked at and the dreads look great . 
  after reading a few posts i 'm 99 % sure this is satire . 
  it 's that or i 'm quitting humanity and moving to mars . 
  and even if those options were not available you can post privately . 
  harry potter . 
  and it 's pretty obvious . 
  same !, 
  and i 'm so sad that there 's no way to send a gift before the 28th !, 
  did n't the real patch adams hate this movie ? 
  if anyone should receive death threats it 's this terrible person . 
  throw in a festivus pole and i 'm there . 
  that said , both are a fire hazard . 
  trust me , i 've been through the christmas fire safety course , and everything about christmas is one giant fire hazard . 
  my biggest problem here is how lightly they take the fire safety aspect of it . 
  it gets lost in the talk of cultural sensitivity , like the two is of the same importance . 
  instead of making a clear list that states no open flames and turn of all christmas lights when you 're not in the room ( since those small lights are a giant fire hazard ) . 
  and i get the ` hey , do n't hang up a bunch of stuff in the shared dorm without making sure your dormmates are ok with it ' that i think they are trying to convey , but the way they 're framing it is just insulting for everyone . 
  no , this is disney knowing they have the young , white male demographic and trying to get women and poc into the cinema by having a more diverse cast . 
  pretty much basic capitalism . 
  how much does period products cost in the us ? 
  because i spend $ 5-6 tops each month on my period , getting 2 or 3 packs of pads a month and occasionally a pack of tampons . 
  it 's really easy finding patterns to make your own pads as well . 
  i know the feeling , i used to bleed out everything . 
  luckily , not any more . 
  now i usually go for mooncup for the heavy flow day , and then pads for the rest . 
  i mean , they have their purpose , but at times they are a mess to deal with . 
  digging out the menstrual cup , finding the right angle to get it out and making sure not to empty it on the toilet seat or floor and then dab it with paper before sticking it up again ? 
  yeah , sometimes using a tampon where the blood is in the cotton and you do n't have to put it back in after , sometimes that 's a better option . 
  thanks !, 
  i got one for christmas . 
  did part of one , then remembered i 'm an adult and put it in the box with lego i keep for my nephews . 
  high five for out of normal range iron !, 
  even better , the cigarettes are the only thing under the vegetarian option . 
  if they enjoy being warm , then why do fat people always crank the air conditioner to arctic settings in the summer ? 
  i was told that ` hey !, 
  you do n't have hiv !, 
  you also do n't have iron , so go away and come back when you 've done something about that . ', 
  i 'm giving up on giving blood , which sucks because the awards are kind of awesome . 
  last time i tried to give blood my ferritin levels were 7 , and that was after i 'd been trying to get the number up for a while . 
  most likely it was n't pictures of pre-pubescent children , but teenagers . 
  so he might be a creep , but not necessarily a paedophile . 
  to save matt damon there is no limit to what we would spend . 
  oh ... that should teach me to read the entire article and not skim . 
  i was sure it was fangirls on the tour . 
  i retract my statement , he might be a kiddy-diddler after all . 
  i 've been collecting addresses for the last year , and i always forget to delete them . 
  but i 'm going to do it right now . 
  that makes me almost want to watch the show .
