shut up and get a lawyer . 
  now . 
  that volunteers name ? 
  that looks great !, 
  makes you think having them arrested is n't a bad option after all . 
  sorry for gawker link , it was the first that came up for google search . 
  nice . 
  the day after, 
  not so much the war , but the aftermath of an attack . 
  light and vibration . 
  my grandmother had this ornamental polarbear lamp that would light up when her phone rang . 
  this looks like your basic good vs evil dance off . 
  taken to an extreme , most likely because ww2 did n't happen in south/central america and there is an emotional distance that the other continents do not enjoy . 
  it 's the balkans . 
  i 'd be more surprised if there was n't at least one swastika hiding out like some deranged waldo . 
  good for her , now sit down on the floor and get up again without support . 
  repeat 20 times . 
  edit : for reference http://discovermagazine.com/2013/nov/05-sit-down, 
  my bp is low . 
  it was low when i was 30 lbs heavier then i am today and it is still low now . 
  that does n't mean i 'm not healthier now then i was then . 
  i 'm going to be the pretentious hipster who brings up n npr article/podcast :, 
  it is a really fascinating series , both about how heavy patients strain hospital budgets and workers end up paying the price for the lack of equipment , and how cynical the hospital administration is . 
  i work in a nursing home , and we are told that if a patient falls we let them fall . 
  easy to say , not easy to follow through on when instinct tells you to reach out and hold the patient up . 
  but even light patients can fuck up your back if they fall on you , or you strain something trying to hold them up . 
  luckily we do have equipment to lift patients , but it 's still heavy work to get them into the harness to go up in the lift . 
  also , if you 're standing with others to pee you probably will not spend a minute checking facebook while you 're there . 
  have n't like three of the main actresses admitted to having had some form of eating disorder ? 
  at least buzzfeed have cute interior designs diy ideas every now and then . 
  mortplayer audio books, 
  go by the address you have . 
  depending on where you are and whatthe rules are , you can try looking at the census records . 
  i clicked the link , pressed continue after the warning , saw the first image and realized ` nope , i do n't actually want to watch this ' . 
  ` i 'm here for a penile exam . ', 
  ` um ... you have a vagine , not a pen ... ', 
  ` stop oppressing me , you cis scum ! ', 
  in order to be a nurse you need to have at least some strength training if you do n't want to end up injuring yourself . 
  i mean , we are called on to move heavy patients , and even with equipment to make it easier you still have to lift some . 
  i 've worked in a nursing-home now for a year and i 've actually developed noticeable triceps . 
  yeah , i do n't drink soda often , but when i do i ca n't imagine drinking diet . 
  for me aspartame tastes like death . 
  what these people do n't understand is that if they make the wrong food choices then it does n't take that much eating to eat to many calories !, 
  i was at mcdonalds the other day , and when looking at their menu i saw that two of their burgers have over 800 calories , and they are not giant burgers . 
  combined with a soda and fries that meal will be in the ballpark of 1500 calories . 
  i 'm not saying these people think mcdonalds is healthy , but if i was to guess i would have put the burgers calories to a little over 500 ( like the big mac ) . 
  the food looks delicious !, 
  but really , that is a lot of lunch box . 
  i would have problem filling them up , and bringing them . 
  my ` lunchbox ' is a zip-lock . 
  when i moved out my mom bought me these fancy plate sets . 
  they are square and so pretty , but the dinner plates measure 9,5 x 9,5 inches . 
  i do n't think i 've ever used them except to put an entire pizza on . 
  for dinner i use the breakfast plates that came with and are in a more reasonable size . 
  although you might also get lead poisoning . 
  seriously ? 
  that 's their excuse now ? 
  if you ca n't see the difference between edema and obese , here 's a hint : if it 's on your entire body , it 's not edema . 
  hormonal imbalance gives women beards , so most commonly old people and fat people . 
  yeah ... this woman was raised in a bat shit crazy , evangelical christian family . 
  i 've become so used to seeing lbs that i saw 124 and thought , that 's not high and then noticed it was in kg and then said , oh it is high . 
  keep following your doctors recommendation . 
  i assume he gave you a diet list as well ? 
  i would give you some of mine , but they are 1200 calories at the lowest . 
  my thought as well . 
  this is like that crazy paleo chef who told parents to give infants bone broth instead of breast milk . 
  battle shit, 
  he wrote a book and everything . 
  he also claimed eating paleo could cure autism . 
  anf they include raw milk in the formula , because that is n't a shitty death waiting to happen . 
  edit : this looks messy, 
  if her kidneys were failing she would have retained a lot of water , but like you say if you 've seen someone with edema then you know it looks nothing like obesity . 
  should n't she be out practising for that ironman she is doing in ... um ... is it four or five months ? 
  time to ride that bike for more then a few miles . 
  and her behaviour was pretty bizarre as well . 
  i guess they thought she was going to be one of those ` audition to fail ' type of singers . 
  when she tried to hide that she took cocaine in the middle of a song on stage ? 
  that made me want to try cocaine . 
  nah ... disney is my drug of choice . 
  thing is the oldies we remember is always never the ones that were popular in it 's time . 
  a co worker of mine was talking loudly about how she was on a diet , and only had 1200 calories a day . 
  then at lunch she had a salad covered in oil 0.5 l of cola and 0.5 l of iced tea . 
  she basically had 500 calories worth of liquids in that meal alone . 
  but when i asked her about it she got mad at me and told me it was none of my business , this after spending 2 hours talking to me about her diet . 
  and if his ` inner goddess ' does the merengue with salsa moves . 
  i was afraid it would be * that * song . 
  if i keep singing it all night , i will hunt you down , liam neeson style . 
  because i enjoy my housewife porn , i read harlequin books by the dozen , but 50 shades is just bad from a technical standpoint . 
  there are so many basic writing , spelling mistakes , along with just plain wrong words used that it is painful to read at times . 
  if i wanted badly edited porn i would have gone to ff.net or livejournal . 
  when i pick up a book i want there to have been done better spellcheck then ... you know spellcheck . 
  i used to count every calorie , now i still weigh food to get correct portion for meat and grains . 
  for veggies i do n't bother . 
  i do n't eat that much fruit , but i do keep a closer eye on how much i 'm eating . 
  and every two-three months i do a week where i log everything on mfp . 
  i 've been seriously craving a big mac for a few days now . 
  there is nothing in a big mac that my body needs and ca n't get somewhere else . 
  the reason is probably that my diet have been a little high on fat and carbs for the last week and a half , and that is what i 'm craving and my stupid monkey brain equates big mac with those things . 
  this seems ... time consuming . 
  with airlines generally wanting everything to go as fast as possible with as little personnel as they possibly can manage with this really does n't seem economical to bigger airlines .
