  that looks so cozy !, 
  it made me talk out loud when i realized one of the twists , and the mindblow was strong . 
  i 'm sick , my entire body is aching and i really need to focus on something else . 
  i 've been listening to `` the things they carried '' and it would have been perfect if not for the fact that i get really emotional when i 've got a fever and keep crying my eyes out and listen to the part about the dancing girl on repeat . 
  most of these are bad jokes , not criticism . 
  it was a good tv movie , not a cinematic masterpiece . 
  it won best picture ? 
  seriously ? 
  this is what happens when you do n't have internet for a week . 
  you miss stupid shot like a tv movie winning best movie at the oscars . 
  at least we have another movie to go in the `` that movie won ? 
  but x was nominated '' category of why the oscars suck at picking winners , and nominees . 
  do you have an iron ? 
  wash it again and then iron on low heat , or if it 's cotton thread you can lightly steam it . 
  edit sorry for the multiple posts , i 'm on mobile, 
  saving for later , was it a good book or just an interesting consept ? 
  thank you !, 
  i know . 
  you did not underspend . 
  the guideline is $ 20 . 
  meh , much bs and claiming that it 's all the fault of the big bad companies and not the fact that * you eat to many calories * . 
  it 's great that you 've broken the code !, 
  for me i had to stop buying cheese , because moderation was n't possible . 
  i did not know that , but now that i do i ca n't stop thinking about it . 
  and i 'm still waiting for this exchanges gifts . 
  that is a bad start . 
  hopefully you 'll get a rematch santa that is beyond awesome . 
  or you could start counting calories and eat real food . 
  food manufactorers want to sell a lot of food , so they make food that people like . 
  people wat to much of said food and get fat , and their children eat to much of it and they too become fat . 
  then dr lustig jumps out and tells you sugar is evil . 
  instead of saying moderation and maybe know what you 're eating they jump to ` sugar is evil ' . 
  the parents angered me . 
  if your child is hungry they will eat , and do n't give soda or juice in the bottle for the baby . 
  i used to live next to a cinema . 
  needless to say i saw a lot of movies , and not even good ones . 
  i ended up watching national treasure twice . 
  my santa sent me a message telling me expected delivery would be in 6-8 weeks and they shipped pretty close to the 4th . 
  i see many of these reminders in ny future . 
  [ i have to do this , it 's the law ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=anwy2mpt5re ), 
  cage is many things , but bland is n't one of them . 
  that said , to make up for all the bad movies i watched i joined the cinema club and watched a lot of amazing classic and foreign movoes as well . 
  would you lie to a bunch of tunning wizards ? 
  i think not . 
  primark . 
  the answer is always primark . 
  i have the same problem . 
  my work invilves a bit of walking and a bit of heavy lifting , but not enogh for me to think of it as being active . 
  5 ' 1 '' here and have done the same . 
  when i started my new and on the way to slimmer life i was obsessed with nutrients to the point where i could n't make my diet work . 
  then i remembered the week when all i ate was a pizza a day and washed it down with soda . 
  and as long as i did better then that i could stop thinking so much about it . 
  i was in the same boat . 
  info pulled once and then nothing before i was notifies that the gift was sent . 
  virtual high five !, 
  you 've done great . 
  my take as well . 
  i suspect 28 weeks was an unrelated script that got made into a sequel . 
  and viggo mortensen , you ca n't forget that . 
  human use of antibiotics is actually a very small part of the problem . 
  most of the problem is from agriculture , and the fact that farmers can buy bags of antibiotics without consulting a vet . 
  when i was 150lbs i had problems with chafing on my thighs when i was wearing a skirt and i was on the very beginning of getying a fupa . 
  sometimes it 's the height that matters and sometimes bodies are just strange . 
  is n't that bacteria food ? 
  i always knew wolf was full of shit , this is just silly . 
  but when it gets moist it promotes both fungal and bacterial growth . 
  i 'm on mobile and to lazy to dig up links , but personally i would ' t get it anywhere near my body . 
  i 've stopped telling people how much i weigh , and begore i only did it when they asked . 
  because they hear 120 lbs , and the fact that i 'm still looking to lose another 10 lbs and start with the `` to skinny '' talk . 
  ignoring the fact that i 'm 5 ' 1 '' and nowhere near underweight . 
  i love to be right on the internet !, 
  my sweaty crotch have it 's own deoderant in the summer . 
  wait , she 's older then me ? 
  i gave her so much slack simply for being in her early 20s and naive and not knowing better , but at 30 there is no excuse . 
  that sounds like something fat-elvis would eat . 
  is n't it strange how fast you can smell the bs when you sit down and listen to what these people say and compare it to what they actually do ? 
  i mean listening to someone talking about how not all overweight people overeat , and then watching them eat an entire bucket of kfc really does put things in perspective . 
  is it still only available in the us ? 
  * sigh * the burden we must carry ... 
  have you reported no gift ? 
  i would watch oliver & company on repeat , i wore out two vhs copies . 
  all of the movies . 
  but if i had to picj i 'd say hunger games , all of them . 
  it needs to be taken away from sony is what it needs . 
  and i really like andrew garfield , i just wish the movies were n't so terrible . 
  oh , i missread this as them not having recieved their secret santa gift . 
  my bad . 
  sit back , have a nap , you 'll get an email when they post . 
  hush , hush, 
  is one such book , not sure if i recomend it . 
  but it does have the elements you 're looking for . 
  yeah !, 
  i 'm working on my legacy family right now , so reading about challenges is fun . 
  pretty much , but i did have much fun reading the books . 
  ferretbrain had it in one of their podcasts . 
  i know , right ? 
  and for something that really would work perfect for international since the ` price ' is digital . 
  but i guess they have their reasons . 
  easter is right around the bend and stores are dumping the price of candy . 
  i 've bought * 10 kg * of candy today .
