  that and one of my old exchanges suddenly came back as not completed . 
  i was n't really worried about that one , it 's the weekend and all , but for me the keychain 2016 is showing as not completed . 
  how hard is it to run the picture through google ? 
  this is tasting more like incompetence then lazy . 
  according to [ stephen fry ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1uom7-wkeza ) , there probably would have been someone more competent there instead . 
  someone who was n't so obsessed with blood purity , who did n't start a war with russia at such a stupid point , who was n't so paranoid ? 
  sure . 
  i mean , have you read mein kampf ? 
  man was a nutter . 
  i 'm more shocked that there only appears to be one meal planned per day . 
  little kids are savage . 
  adorably savage . 
  i still remember a lot of the comments and remarks i heard when i worked with 5-7 year olds for two years . 
  anyone actually played the game ? 
  is it good ? 
  crunches ? 
  forget about those , you obviously do n't need them this close to the race , but not a single mention of aquajogging ? 
  an obvious faker . 
  well , i had plans for this evening , but i can spend 5 hours watching nostlagia critic videos . 
  no problem . 
  i like open world . 
  this is worse then i thought it would be . 
  i mean , you ca n't even go back to the channel , every single link is just not there . 
  thank you for the channel link !, 
  well ... that 's ... terrifying . 
  i was going to call her a shitty writer , but i do n't want her to murder my family . 
  i 'm not sure there is one at this point . 
  she 's a scam artist , and this scam is on it 's last leg . 
  i do n't think she 's getting much money for it anymore . 
  she 's focusing more on academia and this whole fat and fit thing will die a quiet death . 
  loud bells for fire alarms ? 
  how abelist of you . 
  i 'd rather we all burn to death rather then be startled by a loud sound that is supposed to warn you about `` fire '' . 
  i 'm back at my old workplace this week and the next , and at some point during the summer they have started a ww-esque cult . 
  and it 's all about no sugar . 
  in the morning meeting we spent a full 10 minutes talking about how they had n't had any sugar , or confessing their sins . 
  no talk about calories , just no sugar . 
  seriously , one of them talked about how she had this tiny bit of chocolate and then spit it out . 
  if i really wanted to burn all bridges , i would have said something . 
  but i kind of need to keep the bridge for now . 
  to be fair i did n't get to the meeting in time , so i missed all the relevant parts and just ended up listening to the evil sugar talk . 
  i 've seen a lot of epileptic siezures . 
  they are terrible to watch , but might be even worse to listen to . 
  seriously , there are a few of his videos that are kind of on the border , for me at least , as in talking positive about the ss . 
  but at the same time he is clear that he does n't support hitler . 
  this though ? 
  seriously ? 
  well , that certainly was loud . 
  there are [ so many versions ] ( https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=erika+german+marching+song+lyrics ) of this song on youtube i do n't see the point in jailing just one . 
  but by banning him you are saying you ca n't debunk him , and it really is n't hard . 
  at all . 
  and why just this one , and not one of the many hour long compilations ? 
  what about communists songs , or the sovjet military parades ? 
  what about the north korean propaganda videos ? 
  my opinion is that it should all stay up , but if they are sending it to the goolage , why are they not sending everything there ? 
  probably . 
  did you watch the video ? 
  it 's the same things that 's been debunked over and over again . 
  what ? 
  100 % correct . 
  thank you . 
  it still makes no sense , but at least it 's clearer what was intended . 
  no , the struggle is real . 
  in iran for instance obesity is punished by death from hanging . 
  they hoist you up with a crane , which is the bad way to hang people because you die from suffocation and not from a broken neck . 
  the only way out is the have weight loss surgery and transition to a thin person . 
  it 's barbaric . 
  #read another , fucking book already !!!, 
  when she brainfarted and told everyone dumbledore was gay , had the hots for grindewalds , and wanted to * subjugate all normies . 
  that was just horrible , not that dumbledore enjoyed polishing other peoples wands . 
  but in a universe where love is the source of goodness ( it even redeems snape for crying out loud ) , the one `` canon '' gay character falls in love once , which leads him to terribleness and killing his sister , and then become de fecto asexual ? 
  really ? 
  remus and sirius ? 
  no , there was a bit of a rage in the fandom when in one of the books , i want to say 6 ? , rowling made sure to write in posters of women in sirius old room . 
  remus is just a bad hiv metaphor , you know , if people with aids became rabid once a month , and mindlessly infected everyone they bit . 
  and remus is the one who fucks a much younger woman . 
  sure , tell me which one of his claims you want debunked . 
  i am disappointed in myself that i did n't think of it . 
  it 's a good game , so i do n't care * why * they did it . 
  they made it work . 
  to be fair to 4 i borrowed it from the library , so i only had 3 days to play it . 
  but i did n't bother getting it again . 
  this one i bought , although i admit that a big reason was * because * of the female characters . 
  in my opinion his biggest weakness , and to be honest his only argument , is the cremation process . 
  and that 's not * just * because i gave up on the video 15 minutes in . 
  the arguments start at around the 7:30 mark . 
  * he assumes the crematorium operated like a normal civilian one , where bodies are treated with respect and you burn one body at the time , and with safety rules . 
  the second link goes into detail of how cremation worked . 
  * he makes assuptions about the capacity of the ovens , without sources or going into what kind of cremation ovens were used he just speculates about maintenance and cooling time . 
  again , without any facts , just his say so . 
  [ an overview with sources ] ( https://www.hdot.org/debunking-denial/ab4-civilian-ovens-comparison/ ) . 
  [ more comprehensive ] ( http://www.phdn.org/archives/holocaust-history.org/auschwitz/body-disposal/ ), 
  i see we went for different parts of the video , i 'm not sure if i 'm proud that i got longer into it then you , but i feel something , possibly disgust . 
  from around 7:30 -15:00 he goes into the old and debunked crematoriums of auschwitz . 
  in case you 're interested [ holocaust denial at trial ] ( https://www.hdot.org ) is a great resource , giving a general overview of most of the denial arguments . 
  i did n't get past that point , he started talking bible and i had better things to do . 
  i 'm pretty sure something similar already exist . 
  and it was n't all that expensive . 
  last time i saw it it was about a teacher giving it to a trans student . 
  and then everyone clapped .
