  i read in browser , not app ( did n't even know there was an app ) . 
  my phone have no problem keeping the text in the same place over several sessions . 
  i still prefer long chapters , even on mobile, 
  / r/therewasanattempt, 
  seriously , the amount of nazi 's in * russia * is even crazier . 
  in addition , sending a message gives your giftee a way to contact you . 
  there 's a will smith movie about the injuries and everyrhing . 
  my book santa have already shipped . 
  from what i remember , the script was a horror movie when it was circulating on the black list . 
  and this could be a solid space horror story . 
  make it a spring release , and a $ 2-2 ,5 million budget and it would have done great . 
  also , get some cheaper actors . 
  how are any of those things considered breakfast related ? 
  i had the same thing . 
  i mean , i 've had a few in the past , but never three in the same batch . 
  the turner diaries were ... fascinating . 
  and terribly written . 
  i use mortplayer audio books for android . 
  or if you have an escape artist . 
  not sure if i love the shorts or the top the most . 
  i 'm leaning towards the shorts . 
  but both look awesome . 
  my mother used to take a radio to listen to the matches when i played concerts on sundays before christmas . 
  i did not care . 
  she showed up and drove me home , and i was 2 . violin so no one could hear me anyway . 
  i think i 've owned this sweater . 
  in middle school . 
  there might even be pictures somewhere . 
  where are you planning on using it ? 
  at home , work , outside ? 
  nothing , it is litterally meaningless sjw speak . 
  but why ? 
  the best part about watching netflix in another country is to get different movies and tv shows, 
  read article about how they played and lost against all male high school teams . 
  and now i 'm kind of curious ... 
  what toxins ? 
  what ingredients ? 
  and her swinging is terrible , so inefective . 
  so [ miracle mineral solution ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rp05ltwd1fk ) ? 
  do n't forget the cheese , ham and croutons . 
  to the point where it 's more of a deconstructed sandwich . 
  what if he 's princesse anastasia ? 
  i do n't see volkswagen offering to pay the bill . 
  it 's a. nice thing to do , and a pr boost , but no one would have blinked if he did n't do anything at all . 
  we are on the brink of a post-antibiotics world , so enjoy it while it last . 
  and by enjoy , i mean do n't use it so often . 
  he kind of denies being antivax , and then he starts sprouting antivax bs . 
  that said , my asthma got a lot better with some weight loss and starting to exercise . 
  my plan involves happy meals . 
  i have a guy . 
  he gives me adult packaging . 
  jokes on them , with all the time i spend on r/watchpeopledie i know how to avoid rampaging vehicles . 
  g\u00e5 til fastlegen og be om en hendvendelse . 
  i 'm a little disappointed that it 's not a thing . 
  yeah , i might actually show something on now , rather then just flat on the ground . 
  short people problems . 
  seriously , i 'm 5 ' 1 '' and a coworker was shocked and genuinely worried about me when i for some reason told her i weigh 55 kg ( 121 lbs ) and hoping to stay there or lose a little more . 
  i 'm limiting added sugar , not because i think it 's the devil and the root of all evil , but because i look at the calories and do n't think it 's worth it . 
  try telling that to someone , and they either are 100 % on board with the no sugar because it 's the devil 's own , or they think i have an eating disorder . 
  pretty !, 
  do you have detail pictures , the neckline looks nice , how is the back = is there a zipper ? 
  and a lot of them were fired . 
  your point ? 
  it 's the dad method of clothing shopping . 
  i do the same with trousers . 
  when i buy , it 's because everything i own is worn to death , and i get two or three of the same . 
  my dad hates shopping for clothing so much that about once a year he used to give me and my sister his credit card and told us what kind of underwear he wanted from h&m and let us go semi wild as long as we came back with underwear . 
  i do the same with purses . 
  if i find something perfect , i 'm getting a spare . 
  poor , dead whale . 
  belly full of plastic . 
  the republican reinstated the thing all republicans since regan have reinstated . 
  just like obama revoked it , just like every democrat have done . 
  same old , same old . 
  i have one . 
  it 's called abstinence . 
   oh those tiny little 5 ' 9 165 lb men , they 're like hamsters . 
  i just want to pick them up and rock them to sleep ... 
  be careful with picking up hamsters . 
  my sister did that once at a friends place and it bit her . 
  she had to get a tetanus shot and everything . 
  then again she got bitten by a swan once , so maybe animals just hate her . 
  ugh ... a co-worker asked me why i was n't eating lunch today . 
  this was after she had watched , and commented on me sucking down these delicious jelly shots all through the shift . 
  my co-workers kept up the do n't lose any more weight talk for close to two months aftee i switched to maintenance and stopped losing weight . 
  `` i 'll eat one now , and then save the rest . '', 
  followed a little while later with that terrible `` one more , then i 'm saving the rest for later '' . 
  and then repeat until there 's none left . 
  my best advice is to make the blanket a little bigger so that it can be used longer . 
  there was a post here a while back about gifts to babies and what was the most practical . 
  i know that the gifts that have been appreciated the most have been a [ simple jacket ] ( http://www.garnstudio.com/pattern.php?id=6613&amp;cid=17 ) , in several sizes . 
  edit :, 
  knitting pants is on my bucket list !, 
  my dream pattern is these [ bubble pants ] ( http://www.ravelry.com/patterns/library/bubbly-pants---bukse-med-bobler ) . 
  maybe you could try to simplify the fair island ? 
  i know !, 
  seriously , crap on the diet industry as much as you want , all in all it 's pretty terrible , but do n't for a second think food companies are your friend . 
  it used to be called adult onset diabetes , and usually old people got it . 
  so did they get diabetes because they were old , or were they old because they had diabets ? 
  you are a hero .
