  at least they wont ban you the second you step away from the party line . 
  the way i see it religion is what you put into it . 
  and the catholic church is at a cross road , where they have to decide who they want their followers to be . 
  because at some point , if the church remain dogmatic on certain points , the liberals will go away . 
  and if they change their stance they will lose the conservatives . 
  that is why the current pope fascinated me . 
  he manages to follow this really narrow path where he does n't really change anything , but at the same time change things just enough to placate everyone . 
  and there is already a huge problem with human trafficking and parents selling or being tricked into selling their children to adoption agents for close to no money . 
  i would have no problem with pro life stance if what they offered were solutions to the number of abortions and not a ban . 
  but the people screaming the loudest about abortion being murder are usually the ones who are against comprehensive sex-ed and cheap and readily available long term birth control , the two things that have the most influence on reducing numbers of abortions . 
  next time your having ` tortillas ' just hand him a leaf of lettuce . 
  when he asks you wtf that is , tell him it 's a vegetable . 
  congratulations on surviving !, 
  which camp are you in , the ` so pretty it was totally worth it ' , or the ` f ** k it i 'm burning the rest of the threads and maybe the planet alongside with it ' ? 
  that does look awesome !, 
  oh i agree with you , it 's why i keep away from the childfree sub here , they are so flippant about abortion . 
  to me abortion is a necesary evil . 
  there is nothing good about it , but sometimes it 's a necesity . 
  and i rhink there should be a pretty strict limit to it . 
  where i live aboetion is rwasily available until week 12 , after that ot gwts a litt le bit more complicated , and after weel 20 its only if the fetus is n't compatible with life or mothers life is in danfer . 
  the worst i remember is close to a page describing a man getting into and out of and into a chair again, 
  the worst i remember is close to a page describing a man getting into and out of and into a chair again, 
  i have no idea . 
  i think that in my mind it just does n't look ` right ' . 
  that does sound lovely , but not available where i live . 
  this is a problem for me with knitting . 
  cross stitch is more focused for me , although i do have a christmas stocking that i work on until i 'm sick of it then pick up again when i feel like it . 
  i 've been in your situation , my solution was to send me giftee a quick message telling them i had picked up her details , but would n't be able to do anything with it for a weeks time , and that if they had any additional information to bring it on . 
  i usually send everything in the mail , i 've got proof of shipping approved with just a picture of the package with stamps , customs note etc. 
  knitting is something do do on the go . 
  it 's simple to bring with you , unlike cross stitch which is for sitting in the sofa watching netflix and making elaborate systems to keep control of all the colours . 
  as for reading , my kindle is both a blessing and a curse . 
  instead of buying a lot of books i 'm planning on reading one day i can just download a sample for free and then not pay for it until i actually read it . 
  but it does cut down on my knitting on the bus time . 
  usually the mature rating comes in the form of the books not being in school libraries or in the children sections . 
  it 's perfect for leftovers . 
  just throw any and everything you 've got in it with lots of fresh herbs and spices . 
  you transfer the accuser somewhere else . 
  because an accusation is n't a conviction , and until there is a conviction then the accused is innocent . 
  except it is n't anymore . 
  the schools have started expelling male students for even the weakest accusations . 
  the government meddled . 
  but the accuser is still just an accuser , it does n't prove guilt and anyone can make accusations . 
  the accused is innocent until proven guilty . 
  yes ? 
  the accuser is the one making accusations , so if they are so scared to sit in a classroom with the one they accuse then they should ask to get a transfer ( and be granted one ) . 
  i do n't see a problem here ? 
  it 's evident that schools are not capable of judging the validity of accusations , since they seem to take the accusers word as truth with little to no evidence . 
  and schools are not capable of making a fair judgement , there are to many interest groups out to have every man who as much as looked at a woman expelled , and even when they are found innocent , and i mean when it is proven that the woman lied ( the one who carried a mattress around comes to mind ) there is no consequences for the false accuser . 
  the school should keep out of it , it 's a criminal matter , and then a civil matter , but in no way does it involve the school . 
  a less extreme situation like this happened where i work now , before i started working there , there was a smell of rotting flesh following her and she just kept putting on more perfume like it would cover the stench . 
  turns out she knew it was cancer , but was just scared to admit it to herself , and by the time she went to the doctor it was to late . 
  let us agree to disagree , mostly because it 's bedtime . 
  night , night . 
  and i 'm sorry for being a douch in my last post , because looking back at wow was i a douch who could n't form a coherent reply to save my life . 
  i 've started looking at things and wondering if my giftee would like it . 
  it 's really hard not to making these elaborate ` fantasies about what my giftee is like and what i could get them . 
  sometimes i get small and generic fillers if the exchange allows for it , but other then that i remind myself that it 's not that long to wait . 
  right now , for the halloween exchange i 've bought two different kinds of stickers to put on the package and these small cut-outs to sprinkle over the inside . 
  very generically halloween , but cute and there to give the gift a more halloween feel to it . 
  i did n't report no gift , so is the reason i was rematched that original santa have n't sent yet ? 
  i thought you had to ask for a rematch ? 
  can second . 
  they are really nice , and fast shippers . 
  that looks so nice !, 
  i only saw the episodes with eccleston , so kind of in the same boat . 
  i was thinking about it , actually . 
  indian chai or chocolate chai . 
  or any kind of chai , really . 
  i really like jodi picoult books , but she can not end a book to save her life . 
  the last few pages are usually terrible in order to force a ` happy ' ending that goes against everything that has been building up to it . 
  there are spoilers in this thread, 
  what vpn do you use ? 
  hola works for me right now . 
  what did you like the most about the hp series ? 
  wait , there is n't a seasons expansion pack for sims4 ? 
  for me it is n't even the last few chapters , it 's just the ending . 
  that horrible horrible ending . 
  in my copy i 've ripped out the last few pages so that it ends on a better point . 
  the movie actually did that right , it did a lot of other stupid things , but the ending was great . 
  then i 'm going to spoil it for you . 
  they changed the ending completely . 
  no car accident . 
  anna survives . 
  oh , yeah the ending made me mad . 
  so mad i wrote a fanfiction alternate ending . 
  i usually pick the books up when i find them , even though they do tend to make me angry towards the end . 
  no , i can totally see that view on her writing . 
  i 'm pretty sure that if i had picked up her books at another time then what i did my reaction to her would be different . 
  did not know that . 
  then i 'm never the first one to pick up a new game . 
  i thought sims 3 always had seasons , because it always had seasons when i played . 
  and if the books had been masterpieces i could , overlook the terrible endings . 
  but they are just very readable with enjoyable and slightly emotionally manipulating plots . 
  is this where i point out that the story of star wars is the most basic story ever and the basis of a good percentage of all stories ever told ? 
  that was a sensible way to price it . 
  that is as good as all her books . 
  if she had just quit writing 5-10 pages before the end i would have had no problem with them . 
  but as it is i usually stop reading a few pages before the end . 
  i 'd give ` the first 15 lives of harry august ' by claire north a chance .
