  personally i like the mooncup better . 
  i think it 's easier to get to sit right , and to get out without to much fumbling . 
  russia , right ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've seen similar videos before and that this is a thing in russia , just like free climbing radio towers and jumping from apartment buildings . 
  i think so , that it 's an easier fold and that it go back and fit better . 
  is this for real ? 
  tell me this is a joke . 
  for the love of all that is beautiful in life , tell me this is a hoax ? 
  high stress profession filled with people who have control issues ? 
  that seems like a breeding ground for disordered eating . 
  i 'm watching 3rd rock right now . 
  and you are right , although i 've never minded don because he is n't spouting fatlogic , he just is a character who happen to be overweight . 
  i think he is n't a fa hero because , well he is just a flawed character and not the hero of the series , and because it is n't a fat is healthy psa . 
  and you 're right he has lost a lot of weight !, 
  asthma , the walking outside in humid and warm weather is a bad idea kind . 
  that was my take on it as well . 
  holy hannah that is shitty behaviour on her part !, 
  but look on the bright side , you dodged a bullet by not marrying and having children with this psychopath . 
  it 's not $ 40 , it 's $ 55 ... and it 's a fantastic business idea . 
  a $ 10-15 scale , a new sticker is what , $ 1-2 if probably less if you buy in bulk , and some fake fur that ca n't be expensive . 
  i mean , the profit margins must be huge !, 
  i love you . 
  i just wanted this subs take on it , i 've seen it floating around on here , and since trigger warnings seems to be a feminist issue i thoight why not see what feminists rhink about it . 
  trigger warnings and safe spaces have become a feminist issue , look at oberlin college and how they demanded a talk be cancelled because it was triggering for sgudents , when the talk was about conservative feminism and was beibg held by a feminist . 
  i 'm on a block happy work wi-fi right now , but i will provide links when i can . 
  but search oberlin and christina hoff summers in yourube she is conservative feminist and although i do n't agree with everything she says there is nothing that should have her banned from campus , but they stil tried to ban her . 
  my favourite sports bra right now is a high impact one , it 's white and cost $ 70 . 
  before the appointment with the counselor you should try to find out what you actually want for yourself . 
  and then let the counselor help you put it in a way your husband will understand and you can take it into the couples counseling . 
  i have nothing against general trigger warnings , but when they demand a list of everything then might possible by triggering for greek mythology , it has gone to far . 
  when they want trigger warnings or ban talk about rape law in law school it has gone to far . 
  like i read somewhere , if i 'm bringing spiders into a literature class i would give a warning so that people who are afraid of spiders could chose to skip that class . 
  but if it 's an entomology class , then the spiders should n't be a surprise and you should have taken some other class if you are deathly afraid of them . 
  but is it , though ? 
  what is the evidence for or against the effectiveness of trigger warnings ? 
  i have no interest in reading any more bell hooks , she is not my cup of tea . 
  and if trigger warnings was actually used to help those with ptsd , i would n't be against it ( although there is no evidence that trigger warnings help ) . 
  but it is n't . 
  in oberlin college they want to put trigger warnings on ` things fall apart ' by chinua achebe because , and i quote `` trigger readers who have experienced racism , colonialism , religious persecution , violence , suicide and more . '', 
  they also wanted to have trigger warnings on greek mythology and most other classic literature that was n't about puppies frolicking in a field . 
  a good article about the origins and current madness of trigger warnings :, 
  seriously ? 
  that is bs statistics and you know it , stop promoting it . 
  i was told that losing weight and exercising could help my asthma , i was also given several types of inhalers . 
  but you know what ? 
  after losing weight , i did n't need the inhalers so much , which is great because big doses of asthma medications is n't great for you . 
  she has a right to feel that way ? 
  but i do n't . 
  i see it as a gesture of intimacy , or friendship . 
  i mean , and this is where i confess not getting through the entire comment , what does she feel about a woman putting her arm around a man ? 
  in addition lucy mangan has a lot of comments that make me question how weak she thinks women are that get offended by anything from a man opening a door to claiming britain is a nightmare for women . 
  this is n't a great blog , but it does show the posters put up by some students, 
  here is an article on the incident, 
  here is her actual opinion on trigger warnings :, 
  the fatlogic of dr. lustig makes me cringe . 
  neither is make-up , or the insulin they will be depending on in a few years . 
  i 'm behind a pay wall , screen shot or a few words about what it 's says ? 
  i know there is a lot of jokes about flight attendants being glorifies waiters , but you know what ? 
  they are highly trained to deal with emergencies , and if that emergency occurs , you want someone who is fit and able to help . 
  thank you , for you know ... not letting it be just me who find him sexy !, 
  i 've blocked it so that i never visit it again . 
  halfway through i thought it must be satire , somehow . 
  but it 's just to mean and petty for anyone to think it 's funny . 
  that is n't dr. lustigs party line . 
  he is a fascinating person , who in my opinion twists facts to prove his theories . 
  i have nothing but sympathy for those girls and their parents , imagine thinking your child is free of cancer , finally well , and then getting hit by that complication ? 
  or a child that will always be a child , and always be hungry , with little to no impulse control and an explosive temper . 
  warning , posting at 3am will lead to awkward and misplaced question marks . 
  if i could get away with not brushing my hair , i totally would . 
  adorable !, 
  i love that shade of blue . 
  i took a shower last night and fell asleep before my hair was dry and as a result before i could brush my hair . 
  so this morning i had the joy of spending 15 minutes trying to untangle it , and seriously considering just cutting it all of . 
  this made me cry . 
  when i was walking home from work today i was listening to an article about reproductive rights in the us from the perspective of those who remembers how things were before abortion was legal and opened clinics when it was legal . 
  my condolences . 
  i 'm lucky and just have really thin hair that is naturally tangled . 
  statistically the chance of getting ... um ... special children is about the same in a one of first cousin marriage as it is if the mother is 40 years old or older during pregnancy . 
  this summer a man died of , what i think was heart issues , in a triathlon in a city close to where i live . 
  this was n't in a lake , it was in a man made river , so there was spectators all around , and emergency personnel was with him within a minute . 
  still , he was dead before they reached him . 
  i looked it in the eyes , and now my soul is gone . 
  big parts of eastern europe is not a happy place to be disabled . 
  but yes , there have been a hard fight to stop the stigma of having a special needs child , although denmark have close to no children born with down because they screen all pregnancies and are pretty heavy on the offer of abortion when one is found . 
  my elf status expired today , so i can only up-vote once . 
  my flexibility is pretty much non-existent . 
  but i 'm 98 % sure i could do this . 
  has there ever been a review of ragans books here ? 
  i 'm a little curious to what she has to say , but do n't want to have it on bank statement ... 
  when i walk to work i do 2km ( 1.2 miles ) somewhere close to 15 minutes , depending on how much i 've overslept . 
  so , yeah !, 
  i 'm a runner !, 
  i walk faster then that !, 
  i 'm feeling better about myself !, 
  maybe i should sign up for the olympics . 
  my body hates running , the motion is just to harsh on my hips on even a good day . 
  one foot always on the ground , no stomping . 
  even better then i imagined . 
  i 'm in the middle of a blog series where someone else have taken one for the team and read the new 50 shades of grey book , and is reblogging parts of it with sarcastic commentaries and serious discussions about both content and format . 
  it is glorious .
