  but the labour party is filled with self described marxists and communists , so i do n't think they 're the better choice . 
  no , i 'm saying he 's right about the conservatives , but his solution needs some more work . 
  til, 
  communists do n't care about the workers . 
  what else do they want ? 
  do they have some projections about cost/benefit for extended weekend ? 
  it is . 
  but i 've been to two of their stores and it 's no longer for sale . 
  their stocking policy is a bit like zaras , there one day and gone the next . 
  tiger really is amazing . 
  i think you 're out of luck , been to two of their stores and they are both out . 
  late to the party , glad you found a place !, 
  the un is a mix of the good , the bad , and the ugly . 
  they have some great agencies that do good work , and usually do n't get much attention . 
  and then there 's bs like this . 
  do some reading , it 's badically the condemn israel council, 
  even evil people are right every now and then ? 
  i mean , do you think smoking is bad for your health ? 
  congratulations , you 're basically hitler . 
  this already exists , so sure , you can make another one ? 
  you go , glenn coco !, 
  that 's about the prize un norway as well . 
  you get a cheeseburger for $ 1 , but that 's the only cheap item, 
  some touristy places takes notes , but the exchange is shitty and you get norwegian coins back . 
  the opposite of epic and grimdark fantasy is , in my mind , character driven contemporary . 
  so , to kick you out of your comfort zone ... ok , so there 's some sci-fi . 
  in no particular order , these are books i love . 
  [ the catcher in the rye ] ( https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/5107.the_catcher_in_the_rye ) - this is n't epic , there 's barely a story at all . 
  but the doubts and fears of the main character makes it a great read . 
  [ the three-body problem ] ( https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/20518872-the-three-body-problem?ac=1&amp;from_search=true ) - it 's about china and the ramifications of the cultural revolution , and it 's about aliens . 
  it 's epic , about the destruction of humanity at either our own hands or aliens . 
  [ room ] ( https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/7937843-room ) - this books world is tiny , and claustrophobic and about the relationship between parent and child . 
  [ byzantium endures : pyat quartet ] ( https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/60155.byzantium_endures ) - this is the history of russia and the world around the second world war as told by a liar . 
  it 's not for everyone . 
  it 's a hard read at times , but i love it . 
  you tried to remake the it crowd . 
  you failed . 
  netflix canada or australia mislabeled the babaduk , a horror movie as lgbt . 
  and the bs started . 
  nwwtflix canada or australia mislabeled the babaduk as an lgbt movie . 
  so obviously it 's a. lgbt movie now, 
  it started as an error , and people tumblered all over it . 
  going over the entire vidden takes 5ish hours , and is well worth it !, 
  it 's a brilliant hike in the evening . 
  my mom and aunt took me to see the english patient in cinema . 
  i was 11 . 
  it was awkward . 
  hbo is the same , a bunch of my favourite hbo shows turns out is n't hbo . 
  warm bodies !, 
  is it perfect ? 
  but it 's a different take , showing the zombie apocalypse from the pov of the zombie . 
  op mentioned it . 
  no worries , it was very anonymous there without any capital letters . 
  when i see greengrass i just assume it 's going to be a badly written self insert fic . 
  i have n't been wrong this far . 
  and we have medication for a lot of things that used to kill us , although we are working hard to get rid of those antibiotics . 
  my sister , the 20 something art student working in a health food store have people ask her complex medical questions . 
  and while she 's been to conferences to learn how to sell more quest bars , she knows fuck all about how to boost the effects of your chemo treatments . 
  there 's asthma medications there , not smoking might help , but no ammount of carrot will help you . 
  are you sure ? 
  you should try eating quinoa and see what happens . 
  i 'm glad i 'm not the only one who thought creepy vegans . 
  is it the one where the zombies apologize after eating your brain ? 
  i think i 've heard good things about it . 
  what i thought was a teaspoon and what * is * a teaspoon have very little to do with each other . 
  wait , free dinner ? 
  i 'm in !, 
   `` it 's a little strange that so few people cycle in bergen . 
  the city has an ideal climate for cycling , '' fyrhi told nrk . 
   `` it is wet , but there 's wet weather gear . 
  of course there are challenges , but ... much of the explanation is probably to do with how much infrastructure is available , '' fyhri continued . 
  really , she does n't get why the people living on wet hills do n't bike that often ? 
  really ? 
  no hate !, 
  they all look great , so any recommendations ? 
  thank you !, 
  i 'm leaning towards the shumann and wagner , but i do have 2 credits , have you listened to the more technical ones ? 
  how to listen to sounds interesting . 
  the people who demand antibiotics for a flu , the rampant use of them in farming , doctors who give them out without testing to see what type of antibiotics would work best . 
  aspirational rave : so i 've started a new job , again . 
  well , more like aditional job . 
  and this one starts 30 minutes later , and is only 5 minutes further away . 
  so depending on the weather i 'm planning to bike to work . 
  i just have to buy a bike . 
  rant : no really , why is there so many obese people working in health care ? 
  at least there 's been no fatlogic so far . 
  paprika , litt salt , pepper , cayenne pepper, 
  nothing , i 've found a lot from the music courses and have n't even dared try for the other categories . 
  it does , and i 've now removed all the cushions , found more candy and a whole bunch of stitch markers , knitting needles , and the headphones i 've been looking for for the better part of a month now . 
  no cable needles . 
  i 'm youtubing it right now . 
  i usually drop them into the heater or an air vent . 
  and the candy was still good . 
  that is adorable !, 
  my hair was the first place i looked . 
  well , the second , first i looked down to see if it was underneath my breasts . 
  i even found some of the green ones !, 
  i really like the green ones . 
  i messed up my math yesterday and ended up eating 500 cal more worth of garlic bread then i was planning on . 
  it was 1/3 of a pretty small bread .
