  and horrible . 
  horribly glorious . 
  future hip replacement high five !, 
  wait . 
  what ? 
  monday ? 
  holy hannah , where did time go ? 
  they should start with offerings at once . 
  glittering things and food . 
  then again , with my luck i 'd probably end up like this, 
  how many strands ? 
  i 've started to try getting as few strands as possible to thread , so i use half the number needed and double it or stitch over it twice . 
  that and scented candles and reward chocolate . 
  how many strands ? 
  i 've started to try getting as few strands as possible to thread , so i use half the number needed and double it or stitch over it twice . 
  that and scented candles and reward chocolate . 
  oh yeah , the glue trick is a life saver . 
  do n't even think about using satin threads . 
  they are worse , if that is even possible . 
  karaoke . 
  endless , tragic break-up song karaoke . 
  i listened to a lot of ozzy osbourne in my formative years , but somehow i 've never felt the urge to bite the head of a bat . 
  or a dove . 
  or do drugs . 
  i think people will be fine listening to this song . 
  another perspective here ? 
  i 've never really gotten comfortable with tampons , mostly because my flow is n't that heavy most days and it feels like trying to shove a piece of sandpaper wrapped wood up my vagina . 
  indonesia , the most populous muslim-majority country , elected megawati sukarnoputri as president . 
  pakistan , the second most populous muslim-majority country , twice ( non-consecutively ) elected benazir bhutto as prime minister . 
  bangladesh , the third most populous muslim-majority country , elected khaleda zia and sheikh hasina as prime ministers . 
  turkey , the fifth most populous muslim-majority country , elected tansu \u00c7iller as prime minister . 
  in the muslim majority region of kosovo , president atifete jahjaga was unanimously elected by the assembly of kosovo on april 7 , 2011, 
  furthermore , nearly one-third of the parliament of egypt - the fifth most populous muslim majority nation - also consists of women . 
  when you 're ready you 'll sing , and then suddenly you will go from the sad heartbreak to the power songs . 
  and then it will be bonnie tyler all the time . 
  it looks great , but i ca n't help getting a little bothered by the text going up and not down . 
  you 're allowed to grieve . 
  it 's a loss , not just of someone you love and was planning a future with , but of part of yourself . 
  give yourself time , let yourself heal . 
  just remember that this is n't the end , and that one day it will not hurt as much , not be this raw and festering wound , but a scar that with time that to will fade . 
  i 'm pretty sure that is how you find witches . 
  it 's one of their selling points . 
  why should you become vegan ? 
  health !, 
  look at all these models who are vegan , it could totally be you !, 
  a long long time ago , before being vegan was seen as cool the few vegans i knew fell in one of two camps : healthy people who knew a lot about what rhey were eating and anorexics who used it to hide that they were eestrivting . 
  now the new vegans i know use an app to find out of a produvt is vegan anf eat more junk food then i do . 
  damn you , 2am posting self !, 
  lol , that is hilariously great !, 
  that is adorable !, 
  stupid clumsy fingers , and mobile view that makes posting long responses so hard . 
  restricting , was the word i was aiming for . 
  ` go educate yourself ' has to be the most idiotic thing that anyone says . 
  why should i actively go out and search for your point of view , when you can just as easily just tell me what you think ? 
  my cousin is gay , and we have the same jacket . 
  is that appropriation ? 
  should i flog myself ? 
  no , it tells me my mass . 
  and sure , it 's the mass i have on earth , but then again i 'm not currently planning on going anywhere else , so it is kind of relevant to my current situation . 
  this is relevant : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ysyzf-dzfy, 
  perfume . 
  so creepy , great descriptions , and a really quick read because you do n't want to put it down . 
  my condolences . 
  i 've never really been bothered by the screen savers before , but now i 'm angry . 
  to be honest ? 
  this is a book where i would recommend getting the abridged version . 
  because dumas got paid per word , and it shows . 
  there is just so much filler in it . 
  the version i read when i was 12 had the story , but was down to a little under 500 pages divided into two books . 
  i 've read the full book later and was just lost in all the words , instead of getting much from the story . 
  except a lot of places do demand that you fit into the uniform and the uniform is size s and smaller . 
  hooters comes to mind . 
  and if you do n't want to `` physical resemblance to a fucktoy '' as you so judgmentaly call it , then do n't work at those places ? 
  they 're not keeping their uniform/weight requirements a secret . 
  telling people you need to be fit to be a fire-fighter/soldier/wwf wrestler means control over what they do in their off hours . 
  get out of there . 
  your room-mates obviously does n't get it , or worse are on his side , i do n't think there is anything you can say to make them change their minds . 
  i replied to the wrong comment . 
  i clicked reply and then just rolled with it , because my brain could not comprehend that maybe since this did n't look like the comment i wanted to reply to then maybe it was n't ... 
  then he gets fired for being 10 pounds overweight ? 
  i do n't really see this as a gendered issue ( something you obviously do ? ), 
  they are adorable . 
  there was so much potential , the aliens looked great , the daughter was annoying , the son should have died , and a great deal of the movie made no sense whatsoever . 
  but tom cruise was in it , and i 'm incapable of hating anything he 's in . 
  i read ` boy ' by roald dahl when i was a child . 
  and there is a scene where he 's in a car accident when he was a child and went through the solid glass window and his nose was severed and almost lost . 
  i always wore a seatbelt after that . 
  how the fuck do you find a correlation between the two ? 
  because being in a wheelchair is n't something you can change , being fat is . 
  she can still have cheesecake , she just ca n't have the entire cake . 
  and we make priorities every day in everything we do , and it 's obviously not important enough to keep her job . 
  that is a choice she makes . 
  i 'm thinking that the people who spend more money then me , have more money to spend . 
  and without you they might not have gotten a gift at all . 
  not to mention the financial strain . 
  i mean even if you have a perfect pregnancy there is a chance you ca n't perform all work task , and if you live in a state where there is no reason firing then you can be without a job . 
  then there is vitamins , clothing , and other things you need to have . 
  all those things add up . 
  on top of that if you 're not the right person ( substance dependant , ` wrong ' race , or wrong health history ) you might just end up with a child that grows up in foster care . 
  yeah , talk about treating women as objects .
