  thank you !, 
  i was getting a little confused by the list of quotes . 
  geronimo seems like a good place to start . 
  i love the ` good men do n't need rules ' one . 
  this makes me kind of want to give the show another try . 
  lol, 
  fezzes do seem to come up a lot . 
  i 'm thinking about making her one now . 
  is rory pond the new rose ? 
  and yes , i only watched the first season . 
  i saw the original extended trilogy in cinema , but i was a crazy fan back then . 
  if you 're a crazy fan then you would n't be asking us about it . 
  there is nothing groundbreaking cinematic in the hobbit movies , so i would n't go for that reason . 
  peter jackson 's movies have this funny way of being way to long and way to short at the same time . 
  he crams in so many things that the runtime goes way up , but at the same time he ends up having to cut so much that plotlines gets left hanging . 
  so i guess it comes down to how much it costs and if you have 12 + hours to kill . 
  personally i 'd watch the regular version on netflix and leave it at that . 
  i want to marry you and knit babies with you and live in a house made of knitting needles and worsted wool . 
  the exterminate things !, 
  thank you so much for answering my questions !, 
  and i am no home-wrecker . 
  in the end i only signed up for the hunger games exchange and the postcard exchange . 
  and as i wrote i really want a hg t-shirt . 
  as for giftees i do n't know , there is such a range of the fans that i ca n't begin to guess . 
  can i just say that i love the green bags ? 
  that and holy hannah so much food to prep !, 
  there are some parts of elementary i like better then sherlock , but it does suffer from being american and having way to many episodes , and being more of a classical crime solving show then anything even remotely resembling sherlock holmes . 
  at its best elementary is so much better then sherlock in every aspect ( i love lucy liu is joan , and the changes made to sherlock ) , but then there are the filler episodes . 
  i 'm a little annoyed that the matching has n't happened yet , because to me it 's been the 5th for 12 hours already . 
  one of the last few exchanges i woke up and the matching was done , that was kind of magical . 
  i feel your pain . 
  waiting for americans to catch up with the rest of the world is always painful . 
  this time around i added both my amazon wish list and a not so subtle hint about what i wanted , although it was more a push in the right direction since there still is a lot that can be done within the parameters of my wish . 
  the first thing i do after retrieving the match is to send my giftee a message to tell them that i 'm not planning on abandoning them ( i 've been burned a few times by santas who retrieve my info and then nothing ) , and to try to get more info about what they like if there is n't enough to go by . 
  so there 's still time to sign up for another exchange ? 
  bad : the terrible french accent , jgl looks plastic , and in my opinion there was to much focus on the drama and not enough on the ` heist ' itself . 
  good : the 3d is stunning , and it 's not a bad movie . 
  i 'm pretty sure i would have enjoyed it more if i had n't watched and loved the documentary first . 
  i had suppressed the memories of watching that movie . 
  in cinema . 
  one shipped , two to go . 
  that sounds awesome !, 
  depending on where in europe you are i 'd go to a health food store . 
  they usually have a great selection . 
  i 'm still at one of three picked up . 
  i 've contacted and gotten reply from one , and shipped one . 
  i was to late to sign up last round so did rematch instead . 
  the wait was terrible . 
  that is just the cutest !, 
  germany is great for vegan food . 
  that sounds great !, 
  i 'm much in the same boat . 
  have shipped one , putting together the second and have no idea what to do with the third . 
  yeah !, 
  roasted tomato soup . 
  like this one http://www.cookingclassy.com/2015/08/roasted-tomato-basil-soup/, 
  do you consider someone who only reads from a e-reader a reader ? 
  i mean since you emphasised paper ? 
  yes . 
  i mean , it 's the same book , just in a different format . 
  looking at the barely handful of people participating in any given exchange from scandinavia as a whole , doing any exchange will pretty much guarantee you 'll get international shipping no matter what . 
  oh yeah , being from a tiny `` city '' in the middle of nowhere means that what can be found in stores is ... limited . 
  listening level : scholar, 
  listening time : 11 days 01 hours 46 minutes, 
  audible titles : 17, 
  member since : um ... not sure . 
  badge collection :, 
  * the closer, 
  * 7 day streech, 
  * repeat listener, 
  * night owl, 
  * weekend warrior, 
  * marathoner, 
  * high noon, 
  that said the stats are not all mine since i share the account with my sister . 
  thanks for the tip !, 
  i am in awe ... 
  i recently learned how to make vietnamese spring rolls , and have managed to make one perfect roll . 
  first read the story pulled me in , it 's a classic ya book and is written for tweens . 
  second read i was more annoyed by the language and the simplistic style and the way she tried to keep the formula even when it does n't make sense in the third book , and in the end i 've read the first book one more time after that , but have n't touched two and three . 
  it is a very simplistic story that tries to appear grand and provoking , even though the plot in the end makes no sense even in it 's own universe . 
  so it 's a book for tweens that can be read by adults who suspend their disbelief . 
  they are terrible , and i mean terrible in every aspect , but i 've got the entire series in my bookshelf anyway . 
  i have to admit i was pretty drunk when i read book 5 , so the impact might have been twisted in some way , but i read the book as bad hp fanfiction and loved it . 
  huh , my dad used to read those to me when i was little . 
  even before i learned any english , i 'd sit in his lap and listen to him read them to me . 
  a truly terrible series , and i mean it 's horrible : hush * comma * hush , by becca fitzpatrick . 
  it 's about nora grey , an average sophomore student , who meets and is instantly drawn to a mysterious senior named patch cipriano in biology class , who just happens to be a fallen angel . 
  it 's a twilight rip-off . 
  huh ... i 've never had this problems when i shave my legs . 
  although in my teens i shaved my arms , and that was horrible . 
  i know !, 
  i mean i have a strong love hate relationship with the series , could n't finish season 4 , loved 3 and 2 , and watched all the episodes of season 1 even though i only half enjoyed it . 
  but this season just sounds great . 
  sq made me like lea michele . 
  i mean , how fucked up is that ? 
  or waking up and stumbling into the bathroom only to see new bruises and wondering if ghosts are real and mad at you . 
  i watched the lobster twice . 
  still not sure what it 's trying to say . 
  oh , it 's worth watching .
