  i was really worried that the cheese would n't be allowed since the description of what cheeses are legal for import leaves a lot up to interpretation . 
  but it got there !, 
  so many man childs . 
  that said i really like min . 
  but there are so many characters you 're bound to find someone you like . 
  and good luck remembering that inkeeper that was mentioned once in book one when that conversation becomes really important in book three . 
  i 'm actually kind of impressed . 
  and i know i 've been hard on the books , but that 's because somewheew beneath all the worda there is an interesting conswpt . 
  i wish i had a garden , or lived somewhere with less pollution . 
  i was thinking about getting a box for some easy things like leek on my porch , but have n't gotten that far yet . 
  [ i 'm shocked this one is n't here already ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghs2coazlj8 ), 
  seriously , what a raging b-word . 
  she deserved nothing . 
  i love this movie !, 
  not entirely sure what it 's trying to say , even after seeing it twice , but i still love it !, 
  i started out in sweatpants , a t-shirt , and the cheapest pair of nike running shoes i could find . 
  for anything that is n't hard hiking that 's more then adequate . 
  that is pretty . 
  is that ipecac syrup ? 
  disney or the strangest harry potter character names i can find . 
  and i do it alphabetically . 
  the advantages of having a film festival every year in the town i live , and since i 'm usually a volunteer i watch everything for free !, 
  i know it 's hard to wait , but your giftee will get reminders to post . 
  how long has it been ? 
  wait , spotlight is getting a sequel ? 
  what could it possibly be about ? 
  who cares about maze runner , this better not delay the filming of teen wolf . 
  or from the titles of the songs . 
  tmz says he [ got hit by a car and have broken several bones ] ( http://www.tmz.com/2016/03/18/dylan-obrien-maze-runner-severely-injured-set-broken-bones/ ), 
  that 's what i wrote , he has to get better for teen wolf filming . 
  i do n't understand . 
  is he your cousin ? 
  i hate to bring bad news , but there is a chance someone just wants to get their point back to sign up to a new exchange . 
  does n't mean they wont try . 
  happened to me . 
  for my part the best exchanges have been the ones outside of ss , mostly because ss have so many first timers , and people who 's not familiar with what it 's about . 
  but i have had a whole lot of wonderful experiences with the exchanges that more then makes up for it . 
  cozy toes !, 
  i 'm doing that as well , if you 're doing international then i might be your santa !, 
  i make lasagna and quiche , cut them in portion sizes and throw them in the freezer , that way i have a quick and easy dinner/lunch for those days when i do n't feel like making anything . 
  also , you could experiment with spices to make old recipes new . 
  edit : words are hard . 
  you look amazing !, 
  and the flowers just looks so real !, 
  that pattern have been on my list for so long now . 
  my immediate family really needs to slow down with the babies so i can knit myself some socks . 
  i made a tunic a few years ago , it was the biggest project i 'd done , and i 'm still not entirely sure if it was me or the instructions that were wrong , but it did n't end up looking like a tunic . 
  in fact it did n't end up as anything i could wear . 
  or trousers if you 're short , but have hips . 
  except , no ? 
  i mean if you know how to do it , sure , but paying $ 10 to get trousers shortened and have them not fit you right because they were made for longer legs then yours is n't convenient in any way . 
  i 'm 30 and one of my friends still buy most of her cloths in the teenage section in h&m . 
  formal dresses are the worst . 
  i said fuck it a few years back and got an expensive one and had it fitted , it cost a small fortune , and i 've been using it for every formal occation since . 
  that was my first thought . 
  the fist 3 books are great * children 's books * , but then she wanted to become a serious author . 
  and as u/cap78 says , the casual vacancy shows clearly that she is n't a great author . 
  robert jordan . 
  yes , he is a genre author , but fantasy fans seem to almost universally love him . 
  and he is a terrible , wordy , and pretentious author . 
  that fucking dog !, 
  chasing her youth , because she is not small . 
  storage at a publishing company . 
  i do n't have the books at hand right now , so no concrete examples . 
  and this is going to be rambling , and to long . 
  so a bit like wot . 
  but in general ; he had an obsession with certain small actions that were repeated over and over again , this includes women crossing their arms and tugging at their braids . 
  filler text that does n't really serve any purpose other then being filler text . 
  and there is a lot of filler text in the books , the amount of story progression in each 1000 page book is really minuscule . 
  pages and pages filled with sword stances , politics that make little sense , and so many characters that your head will spin . 
  winter 's heart is the worst book , in my opinion . 
  where pretty much every character spends the entire book talking about how they are going to do things , but nothing gets done . 
  i 'm glad . 
  because the people i know , my brother in law in particular , who talk about the books do not see these flaws at all . 
  he 's been at me to read them again , and my sister gets angry when i tell him i 'm not planning on trying the series again . 
  then i did get the first book on my kindle and had to stop myself from throwing it out the window . 
  but by that logic if you ca n't find big enough clothing you can make them yourself . 
  * sigh *, 
  dude , where 's my car ? 
  i think he should go back to what he used to do , with great characters like ali g and borat . 
  the ones that satirized our prejudices . 
  and no more fart/dick jokes . 
  eh , not really . 
  she just got married young and started having kids . 
  so now she wants to look like the cool young person she feels like . 
  the sword stances and the entire 3 women for rand storyline . 
  and i realize now just how much about these books i 've managed to forget in the last 15 years . 
  it 's the divided brand . 
  for the young and hip . 
  where i live wedding invitations are creepily specific when it comes to what you 're ` allowed ' to wear . 
  i need to find some younger friends . 
  and was n't his wife his editor ? 
  so i 'm still blaming him for marrying her . 
  oh , yeah , i have a lot of basics from * the adult section * of h&m . she goes for the clothing made for teens . 
  what ? 
  that 's the most idiotic thing i 've heard all day . 
  i hope you threw salt at the sjw demon pretending to be your friend . 
  i used to get a lot of my basics there , then i switched to primark and m&s . 
  and then nothing . 
  dude !,
