  good luck , happy hooking !, 
  i love it !, 
  the colours are great together . 
  i 've heard so much about these cookies , are they as good as is claimed ? 
  or is it just boxed cookies ? 
  as a norwegian , that sounds ... great !, 
  i was n't borderline obese , it was my 100 % viking genes !, 
  the reason why apples are 150 calories is because we wanted them to be bigger , redder and sweeter . 
  we made them 150 calories . 
  chicken , fish and a few vwgetaria . 
  options is pretty much thw only thing i eat for dinner at the moment . 
  i 'll post a link for you when i get home , but i found a page with a bunch of awesome marinades for chicken, 
  why do a juice cleanse ? 
  add some calories to what you already eat . 
  what does a normal menu look like ? 
  add a teaspoon/tablespoon of oil , use the high fat dairy products , use a little more butter and peanut butter , or add some nuts or dried fruit, 
  there 's a cup for running ? 
  and you did n't link to it ? 
  yiu monster !, 
  i usually just add a pad for my running , it 's a little uncomfy , but better then being all bloody . 
  i 'm a shot girl . 
  so practically a nazi, 
  my breasts try to escape from any and all button ups . 
  my style on days when i 'm just going to work and home can best be described as sloppy mess . 
  no one in their right mind would praise me for it , or call my sweatpants , trainers and oversized sweater under a rainjacket minimalistic . 
  pretty much . 
  adding small amounts of high calorie stuff to existing meals , and maybe add a drink of some sort , is easier then re-imagining your entire diet . 
  source : my job is to make thin old people be not so thin . 
  a ring handle ... 
  mind . 
  blown . 
  seriously , that 's the worst part of the cup . 
  i 'd be getting one if they shipped outside the us . 
  my fav is gravenstein , well . 
  my fav is anything that is in season . 
  except we all know that [ short people have no reason to live . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8bfys-s-ijs ) . . 
  whatever . 
  i 'm going to do a 13 km long jog/run tomorrow and push myself to do better then i did last week . 
  oil is a tool of tge patriarchy . 
  you should use menstrual blood mixed with coconut water instead . 
  chemicals and vaccines . 
  and sugar . 
  do n't forget sugar . 
  i have a co-worker sitting next to me right now who does that . 
  her lunch is massive , but it has no carbs so it 's healthy . 
  i might have to check them out the next time i 'm in a country with a victoria 's secret . 
  that sounds amazing . 
  wow , that 's really abelist of you . 
  mental health is a social construct , but then again a normie like you would n't get that . 
  i 'm on a ` what-if ' alternative universe binge right now . 
  also , harry potter . 
  [ boy with a scar ] ( http://archiveofourown.org/series/285498 ) - harry potter with different what if plotlines . 
  what if petunia was a good mother to harry , what if harry and hermione knew each other before hogwarts , what if both neville and harry was killed by voldemort , and a bunch of others . 
  [ a different fate ] ( https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4113087/1/a_different_fate ) - jkr portrays harry as completely unaffected by the avada kedavra cast at him . 
  but how would things have gone if it had been different ? 
  this makes me cry . 
  [ and the wolves all cry ] ( https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8809533/1/and-the-wolves-all-cry ) & [ just stay here tonight ] ( https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9506432/1/just-stay-here-tonight ) - lily potter based what if 's . 
  love the lily character . 
  what about at night ? 
  do you set your alarm for every three hours ? 
  when i started what i call intuitive eating , and following my hunger cues , i was shocked at how long it could take before i was hungry . 
  no , i did n't wake up hungry in the middle of the night when i stopped pushing myself to eat an evening meal . 
  also , turns out the most important meal of the day for me is lunch , not breakfast . 
  this post was so impactful for me . 
  if it was n't for this picture i would still be damaging my body trying to get to 6 ' 7 '' . 
  i seriously talked to my mother about surgical option to give me a few more cm . 
  first she laughed at me , then she told me all the reasons why it was a terrible idea . 
  at 5 ' 5 '' i could reach the second highest shelf . 
  but then again asking tall strangers to get you something at stores is strangely empowering . 
  she has a podcast ? 
  must find it . 
  according to the historical documentary `` sweet home alabama '' it was patrick dempsey who discovered it . 
  you should watch [ obesity post mortem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rlu_hdlwuki ) , it goes through all the organs and show the damage from obesity . 
  i am an idiot . 
  this is nothing new , but now i am an idiot with tendonitis . 
  thumb tendonitis , the stupidest form of tendonitis . 
  and everything is awkward and painful with my giant , stupid splint . 
  so instead of dealing with it like an adult , i 've been eating like crazy and sulking . 
  edit : [ picture of my fancy hand corset ] ( http://imgur.com/a/gnfhu ), 
  i 've been moving more and more into the vegan community , and there 's so much fatlogic and just plain no-logic . 
  makes me back away from the community and just do things my own way . 
  yeah , i somehow stumbled accross the unnatural vegan on youtube and thought there maybe there was a bigger sanity community on the site . 
  but no , drama and banana diets flourish . 
  do you mean knitting ? 
  because if you do then you 're totally right . 
  i have no fucking idea , and i feel like an idiot for getting it . 
  i 'm going to guess there 's a small genetic component , because my dad is prone to tendonitis . 
  but wear and tear , probably . 
  well , there 's rabies and scabs . 
  my virgin ears heard knitting , 
  knitting is still happening , although i have to take the bdsm tool of when knitting . 
  and it 's painful . 
  but i 've got to much to do to give up knitting now . 
  yup , i 'm kind of the same . 
  but i eat meat occasionally . 
  i remember a few years ago when i was vegetarian and thinking about going vegan , and just got frustrated with the petty shit the community cared about . 
  instead of applauding people for making an effort , you got yelled at because the iron supplement you were using * might * contain animal product . 
  do n't you dare go after zara , i will cut you with my teeth . 
  i see that all their best journalists are still looking for the black hole that swallowed the malaysian airplane.at least the intern knows how to copy and paste like a champion .
