  bridge on the river kwai, 
  empire of the sun, 
  the great escape, 
  honorable mentions ( or me getting to mention 5 more movies ) : grave of the fireflies , escape from sobibor , europe europe , the counterfeiters , sophie school - the final days, 
  this is just like the `` white people should n't poc food '' , in that you 'll never hear a resturant owner tell white people to fuck off , and artists want anyone who wants to pay for their music . 
  if you truly loved your boys , you would let them work in the mines and not stifle them . 
  i 've accepted that i 'm more hungry in the evenings and save some calories , i eat low calorie and semi healthy snacks , and drink a lot of ice water . 
  there are mengele-kin ? 
  as in joseph mengele ? 
  wait , no menglekin . 
  never mind , for a second i thought this crazy person was interesting . 
  so ... anyone know where i can watch this as someone who does n't live in the uk ? 
  edit : never mind , found it !, 
  thank you , youtube !, 
  i 'll take anything at this point . 
  escape really is a great movie . 
  this documentary was so bbc that it nearly made me cringe , they said they did n't know why she was fat , they brought in people who talked about the medical reasons why they were fat ( pcos , thyroids , and medications ) . 
  in fact food was barely mentioned at all , exercise was brought up more then food , and that was barely mentioned . 
  it was 100 % objective , and informative to the point where it was a little boring . 
  like something your teacher will put on when they 're to hung over to deal with you . 
  not entirely what you 're looking for , but ` alas , babylon ' does have some of your elements , although it does focus on one family rather then a community , although there is a lot about the community as well . 
  and they even mentioned that they do n't know why she became obese , and there were interviews with obese people with medical conditions . 
  this show was so bbc it hurt a little , respectful and educational to a fault . 
  gay, 
  bisexual, 
  transgender, 
  questioning, 
  que pasa, 
  intersex, 
  asexual, 
  aromantic ( or is that the same as asexual ? 
  probably something silly, 
   inherently hetro fandom shows like star trek . 
  someone have n't discovered fanfiction yet . 
  there is nothing hetero about star trek fandom ... 
  without opening the link i know what it is . 
  worth nothing that when the writers tried to include more regular female characters , the * female * fans protested . 
  yeah , the few books i can think about are all about small cities where the government is non existent . 
  heck , the closest i get is season two of jerricho , and even that 's not really within your criteria either . 
  the 9/11 commission report : final report of the national commission on terrorist attacks upon the united states, 
  i 've done it !, 
  i 've made someone else spend time on tvtropes , my life is now complete . 
  sweet jesus , it is time , i 'm ready !, 
  i have to admit that i gave up and read the abridged version . 
  it 's a great book , but it 's very dickens , so there 's a lot of side plots . 
  for me he just took so long getting to the point with this one that i lost patience with it . 
  this sounds like a great book . 
  probably not , i have no idea , but it might , no one has told me otherwise . 
  on the other hand i had a random guy ask me for some money so he could buy a beer , and when i told him i did n't have cash he quite loudly asked if he could lick my pussy instead then he tried to get the other people on the busstopp to agree with him that i should let him lick my pussy . 
  he was n't the most sober person i 've come accross . 
  and no one came to my defence . 
  i 'm convinced the site is a 4/8chan long game to get feminists to agree with their batshit opinions . 
  her diet must have been pretty terrible if she could n't fit any of her old diet into 1200 calories . 
  feelz before reelz, 
  i can do the same at subways . 
  which is why i do n't go eating there every day . 
  i gave up before that point , but yeah , some new characters would have been nice . 
  some female characters might have made me stick around longer . 
  i ended after season 3 as well , it was a nice ending point and i did n't really feel the need to watch more . 
  i agree with you . 
  to a point . 
  the arbitrary sizes ( s , m , l & the random numbers ) i have no problem with stores `` correcting '' the sizes to reflect their desired customer base . 
  annoyed ? 
  yes . 
  but it 's their store , they can do what they want . 
  i 'll just go shopping somewhere else . 
  but when they take the sizes that are supposed to be reflecting the actual size of the garment , like telling you how many inches it is and then change the sizing ? 
  that is what pisses me off . 
  when i was in primary school another student died while having his tonsils removed . 
  from what i remember he got an infection after the surgery and died a few days later , but it 's been 20 + years , so i could remember wrong . 
  surgery is inherently dangerous , there is a risk of death . 
  anesthesia kills people going in to get their wisdom teeth removed . 
  sometimes surgeons make mistakes . 
  so ... we should stop getting surgeries , or should we go in informed that things might go wrong ? 
  i 'm planning on going through the program once where i 'm more of a jogger/walker then a runner , to get a feel for the setup and to get a feel on where i can run . 
  then i 'm going to do it more seriously , where i focus on running . 
  right now i 'm not even close to running all of the freeforms . 
  i 'm on week 6 and run/jog for 3 minutes at the time , tops . 
  the rest of the time i walk fast . 
  remember you do n't have to become a champion all at once !, 
  i knew it !, 
  seriously , i 've been thinking this since i started , but have n't gotten around to test it , other then trying to count the seconds ( and failing ) . 
  i 'm kind of relieved that i 'm not the only one getting side stitches . 
  i 've been doing some breathing exercises that helps some , making me breath deeper , and also strengthening my core muscles seems to be helping . 
  obese coworkers are the worst !, 
  a few days ago i was starving before lunch , so when there was leftover soup i had a cup of it . 
  so sitting in the cafeteria i was asked several times why i was n't eating anything , and that i should n't let this diet thing make me not eat , by the very people who watched me drink the soup . 
  my solution to that have been to bring fruit to share , whatever is cheap and in season . 
  that means i 'm spending a lot of money on plums right now , but if i 'm honest with myself i would have bought the plums and eaten them all by myself if i did n't bring them to work . 
  positive side ? 
  i think i 've started a mini trend , there 's suddenly random fruit popping up in the break-room !, 
  sure it 's personal responsebility , but you have to give people a chance !, 
  i went with some coworkers to tgif a few weeks ago , and finding the nutritional information was almost impossible !, 
  in the end i found it on the us site , but when i came to the restaurant it turned out the menu was n't even close to accurate , no soup for me . 
  ended up with a cesar salad that seemed kind of reasonable , but i have no idea if it really was . 
  long rant warning !, 
  the last two weeks of training have been miserable , it 's been way to warm and humid ( well , for me , at around 70 * f/20 * c ) , and the only time i 've had time to go running have been mid day . 
  at times i 've felt like i would sweat to death , and have been walking more then running and not very quick pace at that . 
  but today i had time to go running in the evening , and so at a little past 2000 i started my run and it felt great , and so after the first five minutes of walking i started to run and then just kept running and running and running until i 'd ran for the entire 10 minutes . 
  and then when the 7 minutes of free run came i ran again , and then again .
