  so thin oreo 's are now a thing that excists in my home country . 
  i know it 's been a us thing for a long while . 
  i 've gotten them in the mail a few times . 
  they are delicious af . 
  luckily the packaging here is smaller then a regular pack of oreo , a little less then 500 cal per package . 
  and there 's only the original version . 
  if i find the mint version you 'll find me on my 600 lbs life pretty soon . 
  as someone who got strange looks by everyone in the store , and was questioned about what i was going to do with the 60 kiwi that i picked up when i picked them up for $ 6 ? 
  shut up . 
  my fingers are sore and my freezer is full of cut up and bagged kiwi to throw in my breakfast/lunch porige for the next long time , i to want this guy to shut up . 
  and as someone who ca n't even be bothered to boil potatoes , and just throw them into the oven with the chicken ? 
  you impress me . 
  seriously , if it has to be boiled , i will burn it . 
  wow , that 's retarded . 
  having to pay attention to something cuts into my knitting/vampire book time . 
  but , i guess i should start adulting at some point . 
  luckily the only oreo that have been in stores before this is those disgusting yellow ones , some strange strawberry cheesecake that tasted like cancer . 
  oh , and those chocolate covered ones that are so sweet you want to die . 
  i 'm not a huge fan of oreo cookies , i usually scoop out the filling . 
  but the thin ones ? 
  perfect . 
  want to eat cheap ? 
  get your veggies/fish/meat from the freezer . 
  in fact , get everything in bulk . 
  * internet hug *, 
  my santa was super sweet , and a little stalkerish and knew exactly what i needed . 
  completely useless , and now i want one . 
  some great books !, 
  if e veryone steals a loaf of bread , then the baker will go out of buisness . 
   s11e1 of little people , big world ,, 
  there 's * 11 * seasons of that show ? 
  how ? 
  why ? 
  wait , you can get 4 packs nuggets outside of happy meals ? 
  for both shampoo and conditioner find a store brand with low ph. 
  they 're not xpensive and will not ruin your hair . 
  that 's amazing . 
  although , i think i 'd miss my milk and apple slices . 
  that is mcd pricing for you . 
  it 's probably some science behind it . 
  as long as youtube stop trying to sell me * more * hbo , i 'm fine with that . 
  that makes me wish i lived in the us . 
  did you just call me a swede ? 
  your mother is a hamster and your father smells of elderberries . 
  how did disney destroy wolverine ? 
  would n't it be fox 's fault for not selling , or marvel for almost going bankrupt to begin with ? 
  * weekend rant *, 
  dear co-worker ,, 
  the 100 year old lady wants to sleep in on the weekend . 
  so why do you wake her up at 9 am ? 
  so that she can eat a bit of a sandwich and then fall asleep in her chair ? 
  not eating breakfast is n't going to kill her . 
  being over 100 years old is eventually going to be the end of her . 
  yes , she is a little thin , but she is * 100 years old * , she is not depressed , so she is free to make her own choices . 
  and her choice is to sleep until noon . 
  she 's pretty amazing . 
  a little bad memory at times , but otherwise she 's fine . 
  i 've had some really long conversations with her about everything from toast preference to sex-ed and abortion . 
  anyone found a youtube link ? 
  that is n't an annoying witch telling us to go to some website ? 
  would you meet all the requirements ? 
  who wants to tell them what they 've found in [ municipal water ? 
  ] ( https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/birth-control-in-water-supply/ ), 
  paint over ? 
  he was brilliant , i watched a dubbed version of the movie , but he was brilliant . 
  it sounds like a dry , kinda citrucy fruit, 
  is it selling tickets ? 
  last time i checked the random gay character in beauty n the beast was n't doing disney annet favours, 
  belle 's yellow ball gown was a travesty in the remake . 
  it looked horrible . 
  if you get upstaged by cos player then you should clearly change profession . 
  just give adam sandler sone coke and paint him blue , it 's still going to make money . 
  bonus : yago played by that fat malcop guy . 
  we are a terrible generation , even the worst thing we invent is more pathetic then terrifying . 
  pet rocks are amazing , i used to have pet rocks . 
  they were wild caught , but still . 
  so do n't you dare say anything bad about them . 
  was n't there a generation in the 1800 's who straight up put lead on their face ? 
  make-up in general is pretty fucked up . 
  my dinner today . 
  god losing weight have made me into a lightweight . 
  or maybe it 's the not really drinking for a long while ? 
  either way , 1,5 of these and i ca n't feel my teeth . 
  my zuxhini noodles always end up like zucchini paste . 
  it 's sooooo annoying . 
  lime and a few crushed mint leaves . 
  makes even the worst vodka drinkable . 
  my mom did n't know what to do about me . 
  she had been athletic and outgoing , and i was a moody little brat , probably a little depressed , who stayed in and read . 
  so she yelled at me , and called me fat and lazy . 
  but continued to buy the crap food i ate ( when i was n't taking money from the coin stash and buying my own crap ) and cooked really calorie dense meals . 
  i ate and cried in secret . 
  then i moved out at 18 and ate terrible for a few years before i got my shot together . 
  my mother is 60 now and blaming old age and carbs on the fact that she 's gained so much weight , not the fact that she is much more sedentary now and still eat the same amount of calories . 
  also , she has a 1/2 bottle of wine a day habit and insist on feeding my nephews so much terrible food . 
  i love my mother , but at 14-16 getting told you 're fat just as your body is starting to change and you 're a mess ? 
  did n't help . 
  i should send my economics teacher a thank you card for forcing us to learn to touch method so well i can spell even at this moment . 
  even if what i write makes little sense . 
  you have an actual face now !,
