  [ let the sunshine in ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fhnrqc6yvtu ) , from hair . 
  i 'm not a fan of the musical as a whole , but this song and again the way it 's shot is a big help here , and the emotions you see in the performers . 
  [ big spender ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ig3vfklfdek ) , from sweet charity . 
  the musical in itself is n't all that much , but bob fosse did a great job with the choreography, 
  you could go ask at an er ( legevakt ) , they 'll probably know . 
  i disagree , i loved the ending . 
  much more then the open ending of the novel . 
  i thought it was much more effective . 
  what do n't you like about the ending ? 
  and what would have been a better ending for you ? 
  i had forgotten about head , solid choice . 
  i get that reaction . 
  for me it comes down to not liking open endings . 
  that and it was something i was n't expecting , and being a sucker for tragic endings in general . 
  she is n't . 
  i 'm actually glad , because that is some seriously terrible writing . 
  so ... i watched this show today . 
  and my thoughts are that , yes there are several similarities to luther . 
  the way marcella is traumatized is both similar and different from luther . 
  i 'm not sure if i 'm a fan of the blackouts . 
  it 's a little ... convenient . 
  i do prefer the supporting characters from luther , but that might be because they have more time to grow . 
  then again i fell in love with ripley the second he came on screen . 
  now that i think about it the luther characters might be a little more of archetypes , while they are allowed to be a little more nuanced in marcella . 
  with time i 'm going to really like the characters , but i 'm going to need a little more time . 
  except for lee adama . 
  he 's awesome in everything he does . 
  same problem in british prisons . 
  young men , who feel abandoned or forgotten by society goes to prison for petty crimes , where they are introduced to islam and a community that accepts and wants them , want them to succeed and tell them they are worthy . 
  makes for loyal and fanatic followers . 
  release in norway is in the end of august . 
  which is surprisingly late , not that our box office contributes all that much . 
  you really think so ? 
  i do n't think this is what you 're looking for , but ... 
  an eyeopener for me was reading more in depth accounts of the second world war , it really showed how sterile what we learn in school is . 
  the stories about the people who lived and died there , often written by the people themselves left a lasting impression on me . 
  the pattern comes from a book with crochet berries , fruit and veggies . 
  it 's filled with cotton , because that 's what i had at hand . 
  [ read at your own discression ] ( http://moviepilot.com/posts/3963864 ) , and it might not be the actual plot . 
  but from what 's been leaked there is time travel involved . 
  this comparison to [ my immortal ] ( http://nidoranduran.tumblr.com/post/145784773083/things-my-immortal-does-better-than-the-cursed#notes?ref_url=http://moviepilot.com/posts/3963864#_=_ ) is hilarious . 
  crime shows , the l&o / csi/poi kind that you 've seen before and the plot is interesting enough to watch for a long time and something you can watch with one eye . 
  i cried my way through most of the last season and sporadically since season 3 when ... someone died . 
  dude , here in norway we 're still waiting for season 3 . 
  i watched all the episodes over the last two days . 
  i cried like a baby at ... that scene , you know what i 'm talking about . 
  it started out interesting , but slow , there 's a lot of characters i hated ( and loved ) , and then it becomes serious , and then i was crying and watching ` just one more episode ' until 3am . 
  i did n't know it was cw , i bought it from amazon . 
  wait ... it 's cancelled ? 
  but you do have to live in the us . 
  thanks for the tip !, 
  i have to work on wetting tighter stitches . 
  obviously . 
  i will !, 
  lol, 
  i started strange things this morning and i 'm currently on episode 7 . 
  i will !, 
  thank 's for the recs !, 
  and for introducing me to crunchyroll . 
  i actually do n't like that show . 
  or any shows by joss whedon . 
  or his movies . 
  i was introduced to crunchyroll today , so i see a lot of anime in my future . 
  the problem is that i watch shows while i do crafts , so i prefer not having to read subtitles . 
  there 's a patient who calls me ` little boy ' , and regularly wants to help me find my mother . 
  i am a woman . 
  and i 'm 30 . 
  just take an upvote and go sitt in the corner to think about what you did . 
  my dad introduced me to the books , and he pretty much told me i could skip that part , and the ent scenes . 
  do n't feel like i missed out on anything . 
  i love the story of moby dick . 
  i had an abriged version as a child . 
  then i became a teenager and wanted to read the real book . 
  i did n't get much further then you did . 
  yeah , i thought it was going to be your average vigilanti crime drama with surveilance as the twist . 
  something i could put on in the background while knitting . 
  and for the first two seasons it was . 
  then gradually i wad watching more and knitting less until i stopped knitting altogether and just spent spent way to much time crying . 
  root and the asian guy who 's number kept popping up . 
  that said i did n't ... love the first half of season 3 . 
  this is n't what you 're asking for , but i 've had several friends who found it easier to quit smoking by reading ` easy way to stop smoking ' , by allen carr, 
  oh , and for reading i recommend the postman , by david brin . 
  it 's slightly outdated with the technology , but it 's a great read . 
  i 'm going to say [ hollywood accounting ] ( https://www.techdirt.com/articles/20121018/01054720744/hollywood-accounting-how-19-million-movie-makes-150-million-still-isnt-profitable.shtml ) . 
  [ article ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/magazine-35008573 ) about crimson peak , but still relevant . 
  no , they wont . 
  wait , diet coke gives you aids ? 
  that 's gorgeous !, 
  even i would be able to keep it alive !, 
  i read it on the internet , so it must be true . 
  oh , i 've reread the books since then and i 've started to enjoy the ents . 
  but at 12 , reading books in a language i was n't fluid in , those chapters just took forever . 
  [ you made this ? 
  ] ( http://7770647a14b0867efc75-b939f832d8cd9c860ce8909163419528.r92.cf2.rackcdn.com/47975.jpg ), 
  no , but seriously that 's so awesome and makes me want to be more artsy . 
  interesting , do you drink it or squirt it up your urethra ? 
  and what colour works best ? 
  oh ... um ... any advice on how to get mountain dew out of someones urethra ? 
  just asking ... for a friend . 
  a sex friend .
