  i do n't actually watch doctor who myself , but the person i 'm making the gift for is a die hard fan . 
  i 've found a few that were $ 1 if you bought the kindle version , and the kindle version was free . 
  but i was wondering if there was a comprehensive list over whispersync deals ? 
  i was looking at the top posts and saw the ` bill gates is my santa ' post and my first thought was , `` wait , there is a chance i have to get a gift for bill gates ? '', 
  what do you get for someone who could buy your country if they wanted to ? 
  it 's called [ the truth about calories ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sm1s7ew9opo ) , it seems like a bunch of fatlogic to me , but i 'm a newbie when it comes to detecting fatlogic so is there something i 'm missing ? 
  so i participated in three exchanges this time and sent gifts to australia , spain and usa . 
  funny thing , i got gifts back from the same countries . 
  is this just one of those things that happens , or is it by design ? 
  or do i have to wait for them to post ? 
  i really want to do rematch for the hunger games , but my doctor who rematch still have n't marked the gift received . 
  have uploaded proof of shipping , but was wondering if this counts against me since it 's still in ongoing exchanges . 
  i 've lost my kindle . 
  biggest problem right now is that the kindle i had was bought in the us , so i 've got books from amazon.com , and since i no longer know anyone who lives in the us i 'm going to have to get it from the international buyers page ( or venture onto the second hand marked ) . 
  do anyone know if i can still read my us version books on the international version ? 
  i 'm not even really sure what i 'm going for ? 
  can someone point me in the direction of which elements to chose ? 
  i was knitting on the bus , and in a moment of distraction one of the needles slipped and i could only watch on in horror as it fell right down a vent . 
  i could n't see it down there and after staring into the vent with the light from my phone for a little while i became very aware that people were staring at me . 
  so i sat up and put away my knitting while trying not to scream at the unfairness of losing one of the good bamboo needles . 
  i ca n't be the only one with a story like this , what is your most traumatic lost needle story ? 
  i just noticed i 've got the option to open a hotel , so i built a fancy hotel and was ready to open , but no luck . 
  got a message telling me there was n't a hotel building on the property , and that the hotel was closed . 
  after searching i ca n't find any pre-built hotels , and i 've been unable to google my way to a solution . 
  have anyone here had the same problem ? 
  how do i fix it ? 
  i 'm looking for calm and pleasant narrators , not picky on the subject . 
  so , i have n't watched all seasons , and usually not every episodes of seasons . 
  but i 'm watching season 19 start to finish , and by episode 6 there is two people getting pulled from the competition because of medical issues . 
  is this normal ? 
  or is it a high number ? 
  i came across a book , the reviews were great , there was even awards given to it . 
  since it was n't expensive i took a chance and got it on my kindle . 
  the book was as good as unreadable , it was jack reacher fanfiction . 
  worse , it read like a jack reacher/mission impossible crossover fanfiction . 
  the language was simplistic , the dialogues were unnatural . 
  but the book has a solid 4 star rating on amazon . 
  i had a few corrupted cc somewhere in there that i could not find . 
  so in a fit of rage i deleted them all . 
  planning on reintroducing them slowly , starting with nraas . 
  but for a little while it 's going to be strange having so little clothing to chose from . 
  so , i have a bad habit . 
  when i find a book that looks interesting , i get a recommendation , or i simply find a topic interesting , i go to amazon and download a sample . 
  sometimes i read the sample at once and either buy the book or put it in the ` to buy collection ' . 
  but enough times i do n't do anything with them . 
  they just sit there on my kindle for a while before i look through them and do n't remember why i have a page filled with books about the khmer roughe and end up deleting them again . 
  anyone else use the ` send sample ' button to often ? 
  with the announcement of the new adaptation of watership down , i see in the discussion arguments that the book was lovely and it was the movie that was terrifying . 
  so what books you read as a child did `` traumatize '' you ? 
  for me it was goodnight mister tom . 
  the story about a young boy evacuated during the london blitz and placed with an old man . 
  the descriptions of child abuse and the trauma it causes is some of the most realistic ones i 've ever read . 
  [ removed ], 
  this might just be me , but [ 24 different titles ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/b9wpk/ ) seems a little excessive . 
  a little information first ; it 's a gold wedding crown , that 's being made by another friend . 
  when it 's done it will look a little like [ this ] ( http://dms08.dimu.org/image/04uzxpyh6p?dimension=800x800 ) . 
  the bride is a colourful person and she wants something colourful and other then the measurements , 2.5 cm x 14 cm , that 's all i have to go from . 
  here 's my idea . 
  i 'm using linen fabric , and fill it with multi coloured thread , i have n't even thought about technique . 
  i 'm thinking one of [ these ] ( http://www.sewandso.co.uk/threads/coloris ) . 
  and then make a pattern on top with a light or metallic colour ( i 'm even considering glow in the dark for effect ) . 
  the pattern i 'm looking at is [ detail 670 ] ( http://pintangle.com/category/for-the-love-of-stitching-band-sampler/page/4/ ) , but feel free to come with other ideas . 
  i 'm making 3 different bands , and they can be as similar or different as i want . 
  any thoughts ? 
  i ended up bingewatching this show , getting to the last episode a few days after it aired . 
  now , i need a new show . 
  right now i 'm watching containment , but it 's only 12 episodes and kind of annoying . 
  so what are you watching now ? 
  well , in addition to rewatching poi ? 
  edit : you people are awesome . 
  i ca n't respond to everyone , but i 'm going to check out leverage , i 'm finishing up stranger things ( amazing netflix show , with a stephen king in the 70s kind of feel to it ) and have taken note of everything else you 've suggested . 
  i recently started playing sims 4 , and there 's some things i just do n't understand how to do . 
  is it possible , when taking one sim from the lot to keep playing with another sim , to go back and forth between them ? 
  because as it is now when i take a sims to the gym the other just stops what they are doing and stands outside the house when i get back . 
  so i 'm 3 weeks into c25k , and just got around to making an account . 
  and while i can log in from computer , i ca n't from the app . 
  i get a message telling me to check the password and username . 
  i 've made accounts both at the classic and new version , and i can log in from the zombie run app . 
  is this a known problem , or is it just me ? 
  i know , there 's no such thing as bad weather only bad clothing . 
  but for you , at what point do you give up going running because of the weather ? 
  asking because i can run in a drizzle , but the forecast for the next week ( s ) predict heavy rain , all day long and i kind of do n't want to stop running , but i do n't like being soaking wet either ... 
  the 10 minutes of walking in the beginning that makes me wonder if the app is glitching because it takes forever , going from running to skipping , the fact that i just ca n't seem to get my speed up in the running parts . 
  i have one more of these sections and then i 'm never going back to it again . 
  here 's to hoping week 8 is better . 
  so i 'm trying out double knitting with two different patterns , but when i carry the unused thread it keeps popping up on the other side of the work when it should stay hidden . 
  when i knit , it stays hidden , but when i purl it shows through . 
  where i live it 's never really that warm , so i knit with wool year round , but what do you knit and what kind of yarn do you use for gifts to babies living in very warm places ? 
  today was going to be the day , my 5k run . 
  but i had to get it done before work , that started at 1500 . 
  unfortunatly i did n't plan it out well enough . 
  the route i chose after thinking about it for not all that long was a pretty nice one , and i had a great pace and everything was going great until i saw a sign that declared that my end point was 0.7 km away . 
  turns ouy the route was n't the 6-7 km i thought it would be . 
  it was 1.7 km . 
  i decided to scrap the run and try again tomorrow . 
  last night after work , i did it !, 
  i started the run at 2223 , and completed it in 34:21 , at an average pace of 6.45 min/km . 
  it was cold , 6 * c , foggy and amazing . 
  i stopped twice , once to take of my jacket and once to take asthma medication , but i was jogging pretty much all the time except for the story parts where i slowed down to a walk . 
  when the run was over i still had some way to walk , i got home around midnight and barely managed to brush my teeth before going to bed .
