i posted this story already and it was removed because it `` lacked credible source '' . 
  fyi european mods , [ the australian ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_australian ) is the biggest selling newspaper in australia . 
  it 's also all over the [ french newspapers ] ( https://i.gyazo.com/6fc4f39c66ceb195ad7cded4794c9c5f.png ) [ the full article from the australian . 
  ] ( http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/inquirer/seven-and-its-burkini-family-owe-france-an-apology/news-story/212b97b26ad5858a2421523dde546dec?utm_content=socialflow&amp;utm_campaign=editorialsf&amp;utm_source=theaustralian&amp;utm_medium=twitter ) paywall : the seven network and the pugnacious muslim aussie family it flew to the french riviera with the aim of provoking beachgoers into a `` racist '' reaction to the `` aussie cossie '' burkini owe the traumatised people of nice and france a swift apology . 
  the cynical stunt pulled by the sunday night program , where it spirited sydney hijab-proselytising medical student zeynab alshelh and her activist parents off to a beach near nice to `` show solidarity '' with ( radically conservative ) muslims , featured the 23-year-old flaunting her burkini in an obvious attempt to bait gallic sun lovers into religious and ethnically motivated hatred . 
  except according to the french people filmed against their will , the claimed `` chasing off the beach '' that made international headlines never occurred because seven used hidden camera tactics , selective editing and deliberate distortion to reach its predetermined conclusions . 
  this unethical exercise in journalism deliberately painted france as `` hostile to muslims '' even though the most hostile countries in the world for muslim women are places such as iran and saudi arabia , where being female entails forcible veiling and the threat of punishment with the lash , prison or worse for flouting bans on driving , playing sport , committing `` adultery '' or doing much at all without a male guardian . 
  the manipulation is the latest example of calculated french-bashing fuelled by collusion between the goals of political islam and compliant media outlets seeking culture clash cliches . 
  alshelh and her family , just like her burkini -- which leading french muslim women such as broadcaster sonia mabrouk , charlie hebdo journalist zineb el rhazoui and radicalisation prevention champion nadia remadna condemn as a standard bearer of extremism and the retrograde notion that women are impure vessels whose bodies must be covered -- are not just your regular mainstream muslims , as presented in the program . 
  au contraire . 
  alshelh 's father , who appeared in this cringe-worthy report complete with jarring jaws-like music , is ghayath alshelh , head of the islamic charity projects association in sydney 's bankstown . 
  his association was formed from the hotly contested lebanese-ethiopian al-ahbash movement and repeatedly condemned as a `` fringe sect '' by prominent mainstream australian muslim figures and organisations , who even pushed for what they describe as its radical muslim radio station 2mfm to be taken off the air . 
  the association , which proclaims `` islam the true religion '' on its home page , was forced to defend itself last year after a police counter-terrorism investigation into a student allegedly exposed to violent ideologies drawing on radical islam in its prayer groups at epping boys high . 
  beyond the alshelh family 's zealotry , which puts them firmly in an ultra-orthodox , unrepresentative minority , locals claim seven hoodwinked us again : the seaside ostracism of this aussie girl desperate to give a down under lesson in tolerance to those xenophobic french never even took place . 
  according to people quoted in the newspaper nice-matin , the entire show smelled of a set-up . 
  no one was hounded off the beach , despite the scripted whining of seven 's solemn-faced presenter rahni sadler and her well-rehearsed talent the alshelhs . 
  the swimming public were upset to see the camera crew filming them and their children without permission in a country where privacy is legally protected and paparazzi do not have the same rights as they do in australia to film without consent . 
  the beachgoers were also well aware france 's highest judicial body had struck down the mayoral burkini ban at villeneuve-loubet . 
  a french mother who witnessed the incident , which she considered `` more than suspect '' , told nice-matin she was sitting on the beach with her family and children when she saw the camera planted only a few metres away . 
  `` and it was only at that point the man and two women in burkinis arrived . 
  they walked up and down the beach for several minutes , then they stopped and sat down right in front of the tv crew . 
  `` we immediately asked ourselves if it was a set-up . 
  and that was why everyone on the beach started looking in the direction of the tv crew . 
  `` the man on the video ( who said , ` you turn around and you leave ' ) was my uncle . 
  he never asked these three people to leave the beach . 
  he spoke to the camera because he was asking the cameraman to leave . 
  `` there were children on the beach , including our own , and we did n't want them to be filmed . 
  `` yes , he called the police , but not to get them to chase these people away ; instead it was to ask how he could stop them from filming us , and especially our children . 
  `` at no point did anyone come and demand these people leave the beach . '' another witness told nice-matin : `` we could see it was being dramatised , it was too much to be true and it stank of a set-up . 
  the man and the two women almost ran to get themselves set-up . 
  in 10 seconds they had laid out their towels and planted their umbrella . 
  they put themselves right in the middle of the jet-ski corridor of the private beach . 
  because they were in the way of others , the owner of the beach came out and asked them to move . '' it was at this moment that the witness stephane saw the journalist and her cameraman `` planted '' behind cars , filming . 
  `` the man and the two women continued to walk the length of the beach ... sometimes they sat down . 
  then they started moving again . '' but the journalist and cameraman , who had given the impression of leaving , were in fact hidden all the time behind the cars . 
  `` you would say they were waiting for some reactions , '' he said . 
  `` there was a car waiting for them at the top of the beach , as if it was going to spirit them away them just in case . '' zeynab alshelh still insisted on air that she was `` threatened '' and told to leave as she rambled undergraduate-style : `` at least in australia if there is some racism here and there and whatever , but like , the government does not say that it 's ok to be racist towards anyone . '' l\u2019express magazine attacked the sunday night beat-up as a `` caricature of france as racist '' and publications including europe1 online and causeur responded caustically to australians giving `` moral lessons '' to france , mocking our `` multicultural paradise '' and citing the cronulla race riots and ethnically targeted crimes as evidence . 
  ( alshelh , who denies the set-up , tells inquirer she `` wo n't comment on financing questions '' , directing inquiries to seven , but contradicting the show 's script in admitting the network contacted her family first about the french trip ) . 
  the shameful seven report went viral globally thanks to an international media thirsty for stereotypes about france 's unsubstantiated rising tide of islamophobia . 
  it was dishonest sensationalism that deliberately skewed complex issues surrounding secularism a la francaise and surging religious fundamentalism of the islamist variety in the context of ever-present terrorist threats and a state of emergency . 
  next time seven should finance zeynab alshelh trying her luck taking off her veil in saudi arabia or iran , or perhaps the trainee doctor could use hidden camera techniques in egypt on doctors practising illegal female genital mutilation on the vast majority of little girls . 
  ** but as she confesses to inquirer : `` i 'm not going to put myself in that kind of danger -- and anyway , they are not preaching secularism ( like france ) they are just doing whatever they want to do . 
  they were too weak to deserve any better . 
  that 's the problem with all the states run by religion really , it rotten their economy to the point that it end up by invasions , civil wars , religious wars until a secular dictator take over . 
  if there is one thing history taught us is that treaties can be trashed overnight . 
  if the 27th want to kick the uk out of the eu ( they wo n't because they wo n't have to ) , if they really want to do it , they can do it overnight . 
  and not respect anything signed with the `` renegade '' uk ( they 'll have to make up a pretense for it ) . 
  once out , you are useless to the usa , crawling behind their legs would be of no help . 
  but this wo n't happens . 
  the big banks will pressure may to hurry up the process . 
  it will be triggered early 2017 . 
  if he does n't win the election he might very well end up in jail . 
  there are litterally dozen of investigations on him . 
  so he will try anything to gain some votes , starting by being more populist than the populist candidate ( mlp ) . 
  but in a month or so he 'll loose the primary and that will be the last time we 'll hear of him ( untill jail time ) . 
  that is assuming the 27th others are ok with that . 
   it 's weird . 
  i believe they would have had a much much better chance of getting a favorable deal if they would have invoked article 50 soon after the referendum . 
  they never thought it would actually happens and now they are scared shitless . 
  and acting batshit crazy . 
  and they are slowly but surely realizing that the us wo n't be their ~ ~ sugar daddy ~ ~ savior because the uk had a purpose in the eu for the us , being their mole . 
  now that they are out , the usa will not screw their relationship with the # 1 economy in the world for them . 
  they are alone , and scared af . 
  now the uk did n't invent populist politicans or eurosceptics assholes.boris jonhson is acting like a headless chicken . 
  but they pushed their luck too far considering all the specials deals they had in the first place ( no euro , no schengen , reduced fees to enter the single market ) . 
  matteo renzi said it the best , cameron tried to solve an english problem ( no other country let as much european citizen enter their country , it could n't have happened elsewhere ) with a referundum on europe , and he lost it . 
  i 'm sure the whole eu could have understand everything , we all have the same troubles but what we will not understand , agree with or tolerate is that the uk is playing with turkey , veto our futur common task force or use the usa agais n't us . 
  no way the eu let the uk dictate its agenda . 
  not with an uk that is playing turkey agains ' t the eu , threatening to veto an european task force to protect its border and is already trying to deal new treaties with the rest of the world . 
  i 'm having a hard time to understand the british behavior because at this rate they are just going to infuriate what used to be their closest ( on geography ) allies and their most important business partners . 
  something is happening in 2017 . 
  the end of the eu as we know it depending on who is elected in france and germany , a hard brexit , a soft brexit ( trigger of article 50 ) or a new european treaty with or without the uk . 
  i do n't belive in statut-quo , it 's not good for anyone and theresa may as a clock ticking over her shoulders ... the big banks said they would move on the continent rather than wait in uncertainty . 
  [ his wikipedia . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shukri_ghanem#death )  ghanem 's body was found fully clothed floating at 5 am instead of the reported 08:40 cest on 29 april 2012 in a branch of the river danube though there were no signs of violence . 
  [ 8 ] he was 69 . 
  [ 6 ] an austrian foreign ministry official said the family initially told the ministry that ghanem had died of a heart attack which was later denied by police . 
  a bbc report noted the cause of death was not clear the whole scandal between sarkozy and gaddafi 's money was realsed the day before , the 28 april ,2012 on mediapart . 
  mediapart is probably one of the most respected newspaper in france , defenetly the most active when it comes to investigations . 
  because the diary was found by norway i belive , on investigation done in norway that has nothing to do with that . 
  ( investigation on corruption tho ) . 
  when they saw what they saw they gave it to the french as they knew they were investigating on the subject . 
  do you want an odd coincidence ? 
  the dude who wrote the diary was found dead in the danube the day after the scandal went out in france . 
  lol the britishs read yersteday that sarkozy was going to be nice to them and now they 're all pro sarkozy suddenly . 
  actually it 's not 7 millions but 50 that sarkozy might have got from gadaffi and the investigations are years old . 
  they are something like 11 more investigations on sarkozy , so it 's not a convenient timing , it 's 24/7/365 a year with him since he is no longer france 's president . 
  they 're fat , they 're gross and they drink more than men . 
  tyat 's what i saw in northern england anyways . 
  which is quite ironic . 
  they voted out to regain their `` independance '' agais n't the eu and in the end the way it 's going to turn out for them will depend on france and germany elections . 
  sarkozy 's career might end up tomorrow night , one can hope , one of his ex-advisor published a book full of dirt on him and will promote it on the main tv news program . 
  dirt on him about libyan money just showed up too ... it does n't look good at all for him . 
  it 's not like we need your permission to do anything , so if the rest of the europe want/need it , it will happens . 
  a veto from the uk would be a good thing . 
  it would infuriate everyone in the eu and speed things up . 
  because everything you rely on , is the fact that the 27th will respect the treaties that were sign before it was even considered possible that a state leave the eu zone . 
  vetoing such a necessity as the european task force , whereas you are leaving the eu , would give us enough moral high ground to kick you out , plain and simple . 
  that 's one thing i do n't understand with germany . 
  why do n't you have any alternative to merkel ?
