i 've always been very curious about hearing aids : how well can you hear wearing them compared to how you used to hear before your condition kicked in ? 
  also , do you just hear everything quieter now or has the sound changed in some other way ? 
  thank you for your answer !, 
  i wish you all the best . 
  my father works in a big store here in italy , and he was at the return desk for a few years . 
  a guy once showed up and wanted to give back a coffee machine well over the return period , so obviously my dad said no . 
  after a few minutes of arguing , this man raised the coffee machine and threw it at my dad , who miraculously avoided it . 
  he called the security and dude guy was arrested . 
  it seemed just a `` normal '' aggression by a stupid customer , but it was later discovered that he had a criminal record for assault and had a loaded gun in his pocket during the fight . 
  my dad still gets shivers when he tells the story . 
  ** edit : ** ma dad -  my dad, 
  yeah , luckily it did n't do any damage where i live , but other people have been less fortunate . 
  thanks for caring !, 
  that 's the weirdest url i 've ever seen for a wikipedia article . 
  it also refers directly to wikimedia instead of hiding it behind the wikipedia domain name . 
  anyway yes : although i understand how it works , it 's the first time i see an unfolded and secure url for a wikipedia article . 
  multiple layers of pressed cellulose held together with glue . 
  when i was about six or so , i decided that i wanted to know what happened if you pushed really hard on those rubbery things that hold speaker cones in place . 
  dad was not pleased at seeing his expensive hi-fi speakers broken by his too curious son . 
  for some reason i have you tagged as `` pansexual blacksmith '' . 
  upvoted for unforatuntly . 
  so that 's where the wikipedia donations end up . 
  i had to explain to a friend that the parts of you that protrude outside the area of your bathroom scale , do in fact count towards your total weight . 
  she thought that if she held her arms extended , they would 've been subtracted from her actual weight . 
  are you incest ? 
  thank you . 
  he 's quite the dynamic guy . 
  i bought one , and once i discovered that you could buy cracked games for it , it became the perfect companion for waiting at the bus stop : tomb raider , sonic advance , pandemonium were very good ports , and i enjoyed them a lot . 
  people soemtimes pay to share a ticket with other people , thus splitting the ( significantly lower ) price of a 4 or 5 day ticket compared to a single day ticket . 
  disneyland appears to be fighting this by making people with multiple-day passes use two specific turnstiles , where i suppose they enforce id checking on every single ticket instead of randomly or not at all . 
  tom cruise . 
  i hate the cold toilet seat in winter . 
  it does n't help that my family likes to leave the window open whenever they can . 
  could you give some more details ? 
  how is it broken ? 
  did the flat cable snap ? 
  or maybe the chip on it is damaged ? 
  either way , i 'm pretty sure not much can be done : flat cables like that are very delicate , and they 're one with the screen unit . 
  do n't be afraid to call amazon 's customer service . 
  they 're great !, 
  just explain that you did n't do anything and the screen broke by itself , and they 'll probably send you a new one . 
  you can try . 
  opening it probably voided the warranty , but they might or might not actually care . 
  location is n't a problem : just tell them you 're not in the states at the moment due to traveling , and they 'll take care of it . 
  things usually go like this : you call them and explain the situation . 
  if they decide it 's not your fault , they send you a new one for free , and you just give the broken one to the courier guy . 
  what might happen next , though ( and for this i do n't have factual evidence , do you might want to wait for someone else 's experiences ) , is that they might notice you opened the old one , and charge you the price of a new kindle ( perhaps plus shipping ? 
  i do n't know ) . 
  in conclusion the best case is you get your kindle replaced for free , worst case you pay for a new one . 
  you might lose sovereignty , but you gain in economic and political agreements that greatly facilitate trading and grant more stability to your country . 
  also i have yet to see a mandated law that has negative effects on the affected countries . 
  actually the eu often acts as a `` father '' of sorts to scold countries that are misbehaving , having too lax laws and the like . 
  well , hmm , we ... we have n't declared war to each other for the last 60 years !, 
  hi there !, 
  where are you from ? 
  turin is a city with a very interesting night life , but sadly some of the more open minded clubs were closed recently due to not paying rent . 
  the remaining club scene pretty much focuses on commercial pop stuff , minimal house , and the occasional hardstyle party . 
  regarding cannabis usage , i would suggest not doing it on te streets . 
  while i 've never seen anybody get busted for enjoying a joint on a bench , it 's still not legal . 
  enjoy your stay !, 
  the browser is , as they say , experimental . 
  it 's basically code for `` very buggy , do n't rely on it '' : my paperwhite crashed twice since i got it a couple months ago , both when browsing . 
  i do n't think you should be worried , just keep in mind that it easily crashes while using the browser . 
  if you already know what you want to read about , you can use services like instapaper or klip.me to send the article straight to your kindle !, 
  if you want to be able to search for something on the fly , sadly the browser is your only option . 
  i actually appreciate the fact that it 's there . 
  it might be buggy , but at least you have it in case you need it . 
  reminds me of pedro and his family , from disney 's saludos amigos , especially his [ mom ] ( http://imgur.com/1jbnvis ) . 
  see this thread for reference : [ link ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/compsci/comments/1anqpu/recursion_how_do_i_do_it/ ), 
  no version 1.0 yet . 
  i played it too yesterday as we miraculously got one here in italy , and while the table does indeed look fantastic i played a couple games and thought : `` ok , i 'll come back to it when it 's done '' . 
  every time you hear that just press both the flipper buttons , and you 'll get a `` thank you mr data '' 10 million award !, 
  i absolutely agree . 
  that was some amazing play !, 
  too bad our daniele from italy got busted so soon , i would have liked to see more action from him . 
  i really liked the papatv format , although i was hoping they would get the slow-motion and tilt cameras ready for this weekend . 
  does anybody know if they 're gon na stream the awards ceremony later ? 
  i remixed the theme from monkey island , and ron gilbert himself saw it on google + and made it his ringtone . 
  one of the best moments of my life . 
  my girlfriend had it on her keyboard for a while , but for some reason it was very glitchy and she ended up going back to the normal os . 
  on the other hand my dad uses it as a daily driver on his kindle 4 and swears by it , especially because it supports way finer adjustments for text displaying . 
  i 'd say give it a try and see if you like it . 
  if you do n't , you can always go back to the original firmware . 
  edit : sorry , i just noticed you mentioned pdf . 
  duokan does pdf reflowing and can zoom by cutting whitespace in the borders , so it definitely makes pdfs easier to read . 
  how appropriate , you fight like a tauntaun . 
  i found your dad 's website a while ago while searching for more info about twilight zone . 
  suffice to say i spent the entire afternoon reading everything !, 
  tell him he 's done a great job !, 
  as an italian , i can assure you that mario is the right pronunciation , and merio is indeed wrong . 
  i must say , though , that i 've met relatively few people that make that mistake here in north america . 
  fun toyally unrelated fact : you call italian style sandwiches `` panini '' , which is the plural term , so every time you order one , you 're really asking for `` a sandwiches please . '', 
  languages are fun . 
  not hallucinations in the true meaning of the sense , no , but i must admit that i remember my day dreams as being * a lot * more vivid when i was a kid . 
  it changes depending on the level you 're at in the big network of connections !, 
  the basic concept of data can travel through different mediums , with the main three techniques being : pulsed light on fiber optics , electromagnetic waves via air , changes in voltage/current on copper cables . 
  * your home network is either radio waves ( wifi ) or copper cable ( ethernet ), 
  * the link between you and the internet provider can travel on copper wires ( adsl via telephone line ) , fiber-optic or radio waves via satellite . 
  * at the provider level ( city , state , nation , world ) everything usually travels on fiber-optic cables , because they allow great speed and are very cost-effective on a large scale . 
  this implies exactly what you think : there are huge cables that run under the ocean to connect different continents together .
