  neither of which require you to be born in the country . 
  for instance my dad was born in zaire , but nobody is going to claim he is n't british . 
  whether something is safe , and whether the business model behind it is moral , are two very different things . 
  and people who use spurious claims about safety to oppose something that they have moral issues with are anti-science . 
  it 's rather like people who make claims that agw is n't real . 
  funnily enough they tend to have ideological issues with what the consequences of agw imply . 
  docklands light railway . 
  it 's hard to tell really . 
  we 've had automated trains on the dlr for quite some time now , and the number of automated systems on main line trains is quite impressive . 
  on the other hand the technology that would be required to run in unusual conditions ( ice , wet leaves ) or detect hazards such as cattle or people is very recent . 
  hazard detection would need to be at about the same level as driverless cars , which are only just becoming viable . 
  with the subtlety that the norman conquest is regarded in some ways as the foundation of the country , so it is n't portrayed as getting ` our ass handed to us ' , since ` we ' won !, 
  what definitely is n't mentioned is what the normans had to do to keep in power . 
  the big one is probably sewn from scratch rather than bought . 
  it would be interesting to see this with weights applied ( weighting by capital population , possibly wealth ) . 
  that would stop the daftness associated with the minor city-states . 
  edit : thinking on it , scaling the weights with the square root of the capital population would make sense . 
  to a rough approximation that would make the area of the cells scale with population . 
  they 've used a terrain map for the non-eu countries . 
  whether it 's satellite imagery or a heightmap i 'm not sure . 
  in 1791 the usa was much smaller than it is now , and as far as much understanding goes was much more culturally unified than the eu is . 
  i think that it 's due to a lack of a sense of national idenity . 
  whereever you live in the england , there 's still the sense that overall you are part of the uk . 
  even though your local mp might not be one that you voted for , or one that 's in power , there 's still the sense that decisions are being taken by people from your country . 
  when you consider the eu , that is no longer the case . 
  decsions are being taken by people from * other * countries and cultures . 
  and while people in favour of a united europe like to dismiss such concerns as irrational , they are very real . 
  it 's the same process as that behind the numerous independence movements . 
  people do n't like being controlled by outsiders . 
  there 's a big difference between human rights and government types . 
  human rights do n't tend to affect anyone other than those who benefit from them . 
  it does n't harm anyone else if i am able to marry . 
  forcing people to live under a government type that the majority disagree with never ends well . 
   students sharing a residence for 4 or 5 can easily keep their rent + bills way under 300 . 
  not in this city you ca n't !, 
  you 'd be lucky to get rent alone below # 350/month . 
  to a certain extent the victorian romanticism has been embraced by the scottish though . 
  i suppose it raises the question of how much time has to pass before something becomes traditional !, 
  my british passport has a different picture on each page , all of them very british in nature . 
  the front cover is individual to the uk . 
  the key page has a map of the uk on it . 
  if there are eu regulations on standardising the passports then they clearly allow for quite a lot of individuality . 
  where is the median wealth information for italy ? 
  all i could see in the article was a comparison of home ownership rates , which obviously has a huge effect on the figures . 
  why does germany have such a low home ownership rate anyway ? 
  i ca n't see how the numbers are calculated , but it may be that the percentages are calculated from the raw numbers of fatalities . 
  if that is the case , and the population changed , then the rate per million people could go in the opposite direction . 
  typically people do n't know that a bank is poorly run until it is too late . 
  not only does sarcasm not carry well on the internet , but your comment was n't even particularly extreme by the standards of / r/europe . 
  i would n't call it misleading , rather something to be aware of . 
  is n't switzerland highly localized in its form of government ? 
  i 'm not quite sure how much of the outrage in the uk is about the fact that it 's horse , or the food safety aspect . 
  among my friends it 's quite definitely the latter , but we 're not exactly a typical bunch . 
  why not ? 
  remember it 's the rate per 100000 , so the population has no effect . 
  the rate would presumably be corrected if they 're at all competent . 
  collecting data for a longer time will result in lower errors , as does a higher population . 
  it would probably be able to meet the requirements . 
  the main question in my mind would be whether an existing member state would veto membership . 
  spain would probably be tempted in order to discourage its own independence movements . 
  this is an inappropriately editorialised headline . 
  although the majority of british people probably would have qualms about eating horse meat , that is n't the issue . 
  the issue is that the way that the meat has made its way into the food chain means that there is no way of knowing whether it is in fact healthy or not . 
  the fact that meat from a * completely different animal * has found its way in raises huge safety questions . 
  personally , i would quite like to try horse meat - so long as it was labelled as horse meat , and was n't actually beef . 
  i did n't think that this bill changed the equalities act at all ? 
  learning a language can be done , but it is hard . 
  and if your language skills are n't good enough , you 'll end up underemployed compared to your skillset . 
  i doubt that ireland would want n.i. 
  - it would essentially be signing up for a terrorist campaign . 
  maybe it 's because reindeer are the cute things that pull santa 's sleigh ? 
  some of them even have red noses !, 
  they 'll have to - that 's exactly what a national minimum wage is . 
  just stating a name without any link to wikipedia , or even an indication as to which country they are from , is pretty useless . 
  i imagine that 's where the downvotes came from . 
  the picture saying that it is n't of london bridge actually has a third of the photo taken up by london bridge . 
  it 's great publicity for pornhub as well . 
  maybe the ad agency is actually working for both parmesan * and * pornhub, 
  would n't the more likely phrase in such a context be * kyrie eleison * ? 
  maybe it 's lingering resentment over how awful your entry last year was ? 
  if we could go across the sea , i think the * united kingdom of great britain and the netherlands * would be pretty awesome . 
  to even things up so that there is only one sea splitting the country , we could get rid of northern ireland while we 're at it . 
  the argument is that the structures which prevent women from getting to the top are self-perpetuating . 
  if the symptom is the cause , then this might well work . 
   i think this is known as internationality do you mean intersectionality ? 
  what i want to know is the process for agreeing the licensing of various shows for somewhere pitcairn . 
  i can imagine there being more people involved in the decision making than actually live there !, 
  you do n't have to believe the myths to acknowledge that a massive amount of our culture is based around them . 
  it forms a common background that you can generally assume that people will be aware of , and has had an impact on everything from architecture to literature to figures of speech . 
  it is n't clear to me that they * do * think poorly of the uk . 
  it is very hard to judge the size of the circles , for one . 
  but if i 'm interpreting the graph correctly , germans think of the uk as being about the same as germany , and the french see it as better than france . 
  what the colour means is that they both have a slightly poorer opinion of the uk than we have of ourselves . 
  i 'm slightly weirded out by how square that cow 's arse is ... 
  where do those numbers come from ? 
  i suppose there were various commissions as part of the peace process , but how did they figure out who was a paramilitary and who was a civilian ? 
  you 're welcome to it !, 
  i doubt that turkey really cares . 
  they do n't have to be geniuses to realise that certain eu states will never let them join any time soon , so why would they worry about it ? 
   so i take it that the recent migrant crisis in europe somehow escaped you then ?
