  highlights include filenames such as `` loyalist - gibralter ( dj ia gun em down rmx ) . mp3 '' . 
  seriously , wtf ? 
  unfortunately wikipedia does n't have anything on the theological differences . 
  the biggest one that i know of was the method of determining easter . 
  england decided to go with rome rather than ireland on that question in the 7th century . 
  i 'm going to guess that it was still different when henry ii did his thing . 
  hmm , that 's a point . 
  when did the irish church come into line with the roman one ? 
  as i understand it , spain is trying to make a distinction between unilateral and mutual splits in countries . 
  scotland leaving would be a mutual split , catalonia would be unilateral ( with current spanish attitudes ) . 
  the reason that scotland would be mutual is that britain holds the principle of self-determination to be an important one . 
  just dropping the ` who am ' would make it work . 
  for some reason i find ` who is from ' quite tempting , but probably incorrect . 
  it 's perfectly possible to think that something is important for the country , but not be affected by it . 
  for instance someone might think it important to look after ex-soldiers , but never have been involved with the military in any way . 
  what 's pathetic is how some people will seize any opportunity they can to attack a political figure they disagree with . 
   my message to fallen heroes at the menin gate in ypres , including my great great uncle capt john geddes ca n't see anything wrong here . 
  the word ` heroes ' * could * be left out , but does n't do any harm . 
  to be perfectly accurate it would be ` heroes , normal blokes and utter shitheads ' , but that would create its own fuss . 
  once of the basic aspects of our society is that we eulogise the dead unless we have a bloody good reason not to . 
   in honour of all those who gave their lives in the cause of freedom this is slightly more contentious , but i 'm quite sure that that is what many of those who died believed they were fighting for . 
  besides , it is n't exactly * false * . 
  britian entered the war in response to the invasion of friendly democracies by a major power . 
  there were wider reasons for not wanting any one european power to gain too much power , but that does n't change the fact that britain came to wage a * defensive * war . 
  i have no problem with calling that the 'cause of freedom ' . 
  seriously , you 're making a huge fuss over a bog-standard , inoffensive note of rememberance . 
  and apparently talking to school children is a moral outrage as well . 
  grow up . 
  well , obviously this website is going to be interested by the research . 
  that does n't really say anything about the quality of the research itself , which looks pretty decent . 
  other articles on this study have been posted here recently , though they bigged up the islamic fundamentalism aspect . 
  and yet again the spanish government demonstrates that it cares nothing for the principle of self-determination . 
  i say catalonia should just do it anyway . 
  invite international observers to make sure that spain ca n't claim it an unfair vote , and ask the people what they think . 
   and therefore have one of the few languages in * which two persons can proclaim mutual love without implying a threesome . 
  can you give an example in english please ? 
  i 'm having trouble imagining such a sentence . 
  a united ireland i would say would never happen - ireland would have to be mad to take on the problems that would bring . 
  what i could see happening is an independent ni if scotland goes . 
  looking at this research , i 'm sure as hell going to be mistrustful - over 50 % would n't want me as a friend due to their bigotry . 
   the article does not clarify `` western european muslims '' . 
  yes it does . 
  the research explicitly states that it looked at turkish and morrocan immigrant communities . 
  it also explains exactly what they mean by ` fundamentalist ' . 
  sure , it 's perfectly legal and acceptable , but it 's still immigration , and has many of the characteristics that immigration from outside the eu , for better or worse . 
  you seem to be playing into the idea that immigration is a dirty word . 
   i would also like to point out that there are no immigrants within the eu . 
  this statement is ridiculous . 
  sure , there is free movement within the eu , and some might like to think of it as people moving around in one big country . 
  but the reality is that large numbers of people have left their country of birth , and are now living here . 
  if that is n't immigration i do n't know what is !, 
  i was thinking that it meant eurozone countries , but then it 's missing finland . 
  they have bloody good infrastructure . 
  quite why that is i do n't know , but there seems to be more of a willingness on the part of central government to hammer projects through without falling foul to nimbyism . 
  a parisian office-mate agreed to carry a few things back to paris from oxford for an aquaintance . 
  imagining the ` few things ' to be a small bag , and beguiled by her pretty face , he agreed . 
  we still have a 1m ^ 3 box sitting in our office , half full , after he has made a half dozen trips . 
  especially since the second the map looked like this , it would have to change since there would be a new ( and stronger ) seccessionist movement !, 
  the us civil war always puts me in a bit of an awkward position . 
  i 'm pretty firmly in favour of the principle of self-determination . 
  unfortunately that puts me as agreeing with some pretty shitty people !, 
  on the other hand i am be perfectly okay with the idea of invading a neighbouring country because you find their domestic policies abhorrent . 
  the result would be exactly the same as things worked out , but unfortunately the way they did put paid to the idea that states could leave . 
  do n't they rip up the roads ? 
  is she really comparable to thatcher ? 
  what made thatcher such a controversial figure is that she had an enormous drive to see her ideology put in place , and she stuck to her ideology . 
  the impression i get of merkel is that she does n't have a strong driving ideology . 
  the only real similarity i can see is that they are both successful women . 
  unless they 're gypsies . 
  then it 's okay . 
  protecting your culture and heritage by throwing hissy fits about the country next door ? 
  real mature . 
  they make greeks look incredibly petty . 
  depends what you mean by most serious . 
  the scottish independence movement is surely just as serious , seeing as there will actually be a referendum , and the results will be honoured . 
  admittedly , it will probably fail , but i do n't think that that has any effect on how seriously you should consider the movement . 
   and for about 150 million of these stars , the telescope will determine their velocity not merely across the sky but their movement either towards or away from us . 
  that 's an odd way of wording things . 
  finding the velocity along the line of sight of an object is fairly simple - just a matter of calculating the doppler shift of the spectral lines . 
  the movement across the sky is a lot trickier , especially if you are doing parallax measurements at the same time , since you need to account for both the movement of the earth and the star itself . 
  i think that catalonia will be harder than scotland , even if scotland goes first . 
  if scotland votes to leave ( i doubt it will ) then it will be allowed to do so - the principle that a region can leave is already established . 
  as far as i understand , that is n't the case with catalonia . 
  you forgot suet pudding !, 
  were n't brittany and england allied for a good chunk of time ? 
  it 's getting better luckily . 
  the place i 'm currently in has mixer taps in both the kitchen * and * bathroom !, 
  did n't romania move backwards in some ways under communism ? 
  a book i was reading last night made the claim that under communism farms went from using tractors to plough-horses . 
  i suspect that common usage in english will refer to the countries east of the iron-curtain as ` eastern european ' for quite some time . 
  it was a useful political designation for a very long time . 
  and even though the communist governments fell over twenty years ago , to an extent the countries are still viewed in that context . 
  it 's less a geographical designation , and more a historical one . 
  what i find quite amazing is that just about everywhere , crime rates are dropping !, 
  the variations in spelling of muhammad are due to there being different ways of translating arabic text to latin script . 
  it is a reasonable assumption that all the variations are actually the same name ( after the founder of a rather popular religion which puts a special emphasis on arabic as a language ) . 
  good gods no !, 
  you would never get planning permission for that monstrosity . 
  building a room into the sloped roof-space is fairly common , and apparently in the richer areas of london people have started digging downwards to get more room . 
   but being swedish and british does take in cultural and historical values aspects - atleast for me .
