well they do stand for election with it fully known that they do n't intend to take their seats . 
  presumably the people electing them are okay with that . 
  the scenery is absolutely stunning along that part of the coast . 
  if you take the tgv from paris to brittany you pass through endless mile upon mile of the dullest farmland outside cambridgeshire , which has never appealed to me one little bit . 
  silicon spheres are the leading proposed replacement , but as far as i am aware nobody has actually managed to make one pure enough to replace the physical kilogram . 
   while the latter part seems true , i have a hard time believing your first statement is true . 
  at least in america , where people actually quote the ridiculous 1/5 statistic and everyone and their grandmother has been a victim of sexual assault . 
  the statistic is n't that hard to believe . 
  if you 're drunk enough that you will go along with pretty much anything someone say , and they take advantage of that , then that is rape . 
  and that situation happens all the time . 
  personally , i do n't feel that it should be illegal , and my opinion on that did n't change after it happened to me . 
  it 's a sucky thing to do , and definitely immoral , but should n't be illegal . 
  what does puzzle me is that the person who took advantage of me * does * think it should be illegal , but they are a bit of a hypocrite . 
  anyway , that 's probably where the high statistics come from - people giving an honest answer in surveys . 
  the proportion which are reported to the police will be far , far lower . 
  it did n't stop the government offering a subsidy so that the middle classes could feel nice and eco-friendly about the solar panels on the roof . 
  sure , they do some good , but there must have been a better way to spend the money . 
  you could possibly find pigeon in a specialist butchers , and maybe horse . 
  of course , we probably eat more horse than we think , but not legally . 
  you know , i actually see more people bleating on about how it is actually a myth that the us won the war single handedly , and how terrible the propagation of that myth is , than the actual bloody myth itself !, 
  eh , there 's a country called ireland that is n't all of ireland :p, 
  it 's missing singapore imo . 
  sure , it technically got independence from malaysia , but that was shortly after malaysian independence . 
  also , colouring in every us state is a bit weird when you consider that large chunks were parts of spain and france until well after 1776 . 
  really ? 
  the people i know are all pretty cool . 
  admittedly i 've been more involved with university reenactment groups , and it is very white hobby , but still . 
  i ca n't say i 've ever come across any more racism than the general background level . 
  serious question - how on earth was something on this scale organised ? 
  i think if much more gets devolved we would * really * need a proper solution to the west lothian question . 
  which is a bit dodgy , because it neglects the fact that the size of majority a government has makes a huge difference in what they can get through . 
  hoover goes beyond the rest of them in that it is also a verb . 
   why did russia and usa build so many nukes to be able nuke the whole world multiple times during the cold war ? 
  it is actually rational . 
  one of the primary goals in a nuclear exchange is to take out the other side 's ability to retaliate . 
  so you need a large enough arsenal that what is left after the initial strike is still enough to wipe out the other side . 
  do n't you find them terribly dull ? 
  roast beef has to win the competition for ` most boring meat ' , yorkshire puddings never seem to come out right ( and again , pretty boring and flavourless ) and fish & chips tends to mean cod ( most boring fish ) . 
  a nice meat pudding can be good , but its not the sort of thing i 'd ever bother making for myself . 
  but not to the extent of quisling - the guy 's name became synonymous with traitor in a foreign language !, 
  if france as a whole has claimed the cr\u00eape , that leaves galettes free to be claimed by you . 
  by far the better deal !, 
  is there * anyone * who seriously thinks it was shot down on purpose ? 
  i 'm guessing that if the mob wants to come after you , a locked door wo n't deter them !, 
  well , it certainly * looks * nice and dangerous , but is it actually any more effective than an ak47 or whatever ? 
  well , the smaller the group , the bigger the fear . 
  if somebody is attacking people because they have brown hair , the odds of them targeting you are tiny . 
  if they are targeting people who are obviously queer , and there are maybe a dozen other than you in your town , then you are going to be a hell of a lot more worried . 
  also , the majority group is least likely to be targeted , since a bigoted shitbag is most likely to belong to that group . 
  the rationale behind ` hate crimes ' is that as well as the harm done to the individual , there is also the harm done to the group ( through fear of being targeted ) . 
   also here in yorkshire in the north of england you can sometimes find enclaves of old english . 
  like actual old english , and not middle english : i find that really hard to believe . 
  i do know someone who probably could converse in old english , but i do n't think scholars of 10th century monasticism count !, 
  i think this is definitely a case where error bars are needed . 
  people in the other comments are coming up with all sorts of explanations when we ca n't tell how firm the values are . 
  if the gulf stream goes tits up , then the uk would be a much colder place . 
  iirc there is an instability associated with the salinity of the oceans , which could have effects on ocean currents . 
  melting the icecaps would obviously reduce the salinity of the oceans , which brings that into play as a possibility . 
  there 's also the factor that foreign language teaching in the uk is atrocious . 
   people that think this are usually angsty teenagers that think : `` oh , but who would vote this party , surely there was cheating involve '' . 
  either that or people with views so extreme that they ca n't see the differences between the parties that people actually vote for . 
  does n't the r1b label say ` celtic , basque ... saxon ' ? 
  anyway , genetics mean diddly , unless you 're a racist of course . 
  so the question is whether the country is culturally more saxon than norman or not . 
  whether the saxon invasions left a large genetic imprint or not , the culture clearly won out over whatever was here before . 
  what on earth happened to cyprus ? 
  does n't norway have a much larger gdp/capita ? 
  so the spending per person could be more while the spending as a percentage of gdp would be less . 
  maybe we could palm the north off on ukraine ? 
  whichever way you spin it , you 're a bigot . 
  i think that 's mostly due to differences of opinion with regards to economic policy and the role of the state than anything else . 
  there are plenty of stretches out up by the ring-road as well . 
  people ( or rather , the newspapers ) made a massive fuss about romanians being able to move here . 
  just imagine how much more of a fuss would be made about turkey . 
   if you come to the point of fighting for the last drop of water , population drops , i think the point being made is that having a large military helps ensure that it is n't your population that drops . 
  the way the police seem to deal with protests in london , i sure as hell would n't want to bring kids along . 
  when deciding whether to have kids , ` for the good of the country ' is probably pretty low down on the list of considerations !, 
  from what i 've heard , you generally ca n't easily add carriages to trains if the network is near capacity . 
  over most of the network you 're fine , but the problems come at junctions or stations where there is a lot of traffic . 
  a longer train takes longer to clear the junction , and that will play havoc with everything else . 
  i 'm not talking about 1989 at all . 
  the concept is that different countries economies have moved at different rates . 
  let 's be honest - romania has n't exactly been the most prosperous country in the region . 
  my assumption is that the country reached a point where investment in internet infrastructure makes sense later than other countries . 
  and having reached that point , the same investment gets you a lot nicer stuff that it would have a decade earlier ( as well as the advantages of having seen where other places got it wrong etc ) . 
  i 'm assuming this is due to being fairly late to the game ? 
   something like a quarter of people in england have at least one irish grandparent today i find this very hard to believe !, 
  but if you go from 92 % employment to 75 % , that 's a drop of ~ 18 % for only a 6 % drop in gdp . 
  cameron is the person who hammered marriage equality through parliament even though his own party was mostly against it . 
  he 's made some dodgy votes in the past , but his current record on the issue is spot on . 
  odd choice of quotes - david cameron and the pope !, 
  is there * anything * that ni has been forwards on ? 
  no more than you can do the equivalent of an english literature degree just by reading a lot . 
  if you want to study spanish poetry in an academic manner , or study queer culture in the middle east , you do a degree in spanish or arabic . 
  if you 're interested in both you can do a degree in spanish & arabic ( a friend of mine did this , for those reasons ) . 
  a language degree is n't really about learning that language . 
  that 's part of it , but there are extensive studies of literature and culture . 
  except , of course , the loyalist ones . 
  i have a fairly large collection of loyalist music i obtained from god-knows-where that is quite frankly disturbing , and far more so than any anti-british sentiment in songs like athenry . 
  ah , i just found the . tar file .
