  they come to hungary and they cross over to other countries . 
  hungary is a lot easier to enter than other western countries . 
  fuck no it 's not . 
  hungarian here , foreigners are frowned upon . 
  especially in budapest nowadays . 
  just being black gives you weird looks . 
  if you 're an arab - you 're fucked . 
  i want to visit moscow so much one day . 
  the city has a huge history . 
  yes , when a country 's national team gets run over , than i 'd say it is sensational . 
  it could be cricket or football , point is that they represent their country and they are good at what they are doing . 
  we upvote the news , not just the video . 
  not really , it was the second mechanical failure in such a short time-span . 
  [ video of the crash ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37lvqe09wjq ) . 
  skip to 0:40 for the emergency landing . 
  pilot was injured during the ejection , he has been promoted today for saving the aircraft . 
  the towed jet in the video is the saved aircraft itself , showing minor signs of damage . 
  yay ... 
  fuck this country sometimes . 
  i basically share the same view . 
  okay , you 're fat , but do n't try denying that you 're not killing yourself , and it 's just your own fault . 
  ( i do n't mean * you * . ), 
  well they are already quite mad about it . 
  though it is not a must either . 
  i just hate people who call * me * wrong for saying his fat blob body is not normal or healthy . 
  `` it 's just how i am , accept it man , the problem is with you ! '', 
  meanwhile proceeds to eat 8 cheese burgers and 2 pizzas a day ( with diet coke ) every single day . 
  being fat is alright , but thinking it 's natural and that you 're not to blame is * not * . 
  unless you have a serious medical condition that does n't allow you to lose fat , but that 's like 1 out of 10 . 
  just like the immigrants will obliterate yours . 
   why , if it was n't for the greeks we 'd be idolizing fat people !!, 
  well than , 80 % of / r/bodyacceptance subscribers are definitely not greeks . 
  worth mentioning though that they did n't make the dicks small because that was the ideal . 
  it just simply was n't the focus of the sculptures , therefore it was n't given much attention . 
  honestly , who does n't ? 
  just go to any us video showing war , and i bet your ass the top comment is something along the lines of `` give 'em hell !, 
  only smaller countries like us try to avoid war . 
  yesy , they are . 
  almost all families in russia have someone who died in the war . 
  so basically like the us and russia ? 
  never said they won the war alone . 
  just said agreed that they won the war , and damn right they did . 
  agreed . 
  the croatian-serbian war should 've been mentioned at least . 
  they were still the ones who contributed the most . 
  after stalingrad , germany was destined to lose , allies just made it a whole lot quicker . 
  now you might get a better understanding why the russians are still proud of their so called `` great patriotic war '' . 
  almost unimaginable sacrifices . 
  oh , makes a lot more sense . 
  thank you . 
  holy fuck poland is sliced up . 
  how does one even remember the names of each ? 
  no , we do n't give up on democracy . 
  in fact , this is democracy . 
  all new parties do is decrease the opposition 's votes . 
  therefore small parties just help the strong parties to stay in power . 
  [ watch this . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7twhjfhiyo ), 
  pointless , as they 'll never get into power without funding , and the major 2-3 parties hold all the money . 
  true story indeed , though obviously it was reworked a bit for comedy . 
  that 's great germany !, 
  now after you retire your leos , we can finally replace our rusting second hand downgraded pos t-72ms with them !, 
  hungarian here , while i ca n't and wo n't speak in the name of everyone else , it looks like there is n't a single party that is competent . 
  all of them just want to get in power , get a lot of funding then retire/try again . 
  jobbik is the biggest joke of them all though . 
  i still wonder how a party like this can even exist . 
  literally their only program is hatred towards everyone not patriotic . 
  and they are getting popular . 
  i think we 're slowly fucking ourselves . 
  honestly , that 's bullshit . 
  we like to bitch about everything , a lot . 
  i mean really , a lot . 
  our government , our economy , our military , our education ... everything . 
  anything else europe related that we do n't hear every single day ? 
  i understand why , but it 's getting fucking tiring now . 
  * we get it !, 
  * russia is a douche right now , can we stop making every second fucking post about russia ? 
   but only if those things are undefended tanks are easy big targets , if they are undefended . 
  airfields are easy big targets , if they are undefended . 
  sniper teams are vulnerable , if they are undefended/detected . 
  convoys are easy targets , if they are undefended . 
  bombers are easy targets , if they are undefended . 
  everything is an easy target if they are undefended . 
  war is like a big , horrible rock paper scissors game . 
  well , you just summed up why it 's insanely expensive . 
  electronical warfare ( especially newer models ) are very costy . 
  it 's not just the plane that costs a lot , but the electronics , optics ( which are insanely expensive ! ), 
  and to top it off , the missiles . 
  of course , but russian equipment takes it to a whole new level . 
  even a child can use it ( and sadly they do ) . 
  especially if it 's russian . 
  shit 's made to be simple . 
  not really , considering drones are the best weapons of the 21st century . 
  zero casualties sustained at loss , while capable of destroying * any * targets on the ground . 
  there is a reason why the us sends drones everywhere , unless actual intervention on the ground is required . 
  the sole reason the isis commander was attacked by troops and not bombed by a drone , was simply because they had to capture as many targets and take as many intel as possible . 
  when you have the given parts , assembling a drone is literally like a big man 's lego . 
  it 's dangerous out there , take this : '' / s '', 
  why not both ? 
  but romania is of gypsy !,
