  disgusting neo nazi nato conquered innocent eastern europeans and fellow slavs, 
  because most people enlist for money and college funding , not to serve their country . 
  doesnt make the country any better , though . 
  aside from romania and serbia , any other european country is a better option . 
  why would anyone want to live here ? 
  aside from people from kosovo ? 
  seriously , it 's obnoxious . 
  us army bradleys entered and exited hungary towards a nato exercise in romania . 
  hungarian reaction on facebook ? 
  us is invading our country and we 're soon sent to a new war . 
  hello ? 
  it is n't like they * are our fucking allies * or something along those lines . 
  i 've even seen people wanting to leave eu and nato . 
  yeah , `` great idea '' . 
  such is life . 
  also the military is respected in the us . 
  not many countries like their troops . 
  hungary , poland , romania , croatia and even the czechs rely almost absolutely on nato . 
  none of us could face russia face to face . 
  i 'm not 100 % sure about said countries ' military , but ours is about as modern as a 3rd world country . 
  good training , but horribly outdated equipment . 
  meanwhile in hungary : conspiracy theories and whining on facebook . 
  10/10 would live here, 
  `` hungary ? 
  are you hungry ? 
  haha '', 
  people at the age of 20-30 never really felt the horrible effects of the ussr . 
  that 's why . 
  i of go home now and cry deep, 
  hungarian word ? 
  they took it from us conquer them , plunder them, 
  oh well , my sister lives in denmark and her boyfriend there is estonian . 
  few weeks ago they visited us for a week , and when i met the estonian dude , i kissed him twice on the cheek . 
  for us , it 's completely normal , since he 's now part of our family too , but for him , it was awkward as fuck . 
  nordic things , i guess . 
  well than , in most of europe . 
  so it 's like , almost everywhere in the world . 
   unless you 're neighboring them oh , completely no worries than , continue invading your neighbours , because sooner or later that way everyone will be your neighbour !, 
  flawless logic !, 
  well maybe stop threatening neighbouring countries with an invasion and they 'll stop destabilizing your country ... 
  almost all russia neighbouring european countries joined nato on their own , without any invasion needed . 
  baltic countries even made an alliance within themselves in response to the russian threat . 
  and russia 's propaganda videos * literally * say that they literally can and will invade whoever they want . 
  give me one reason why it 's better to be under russian rule , or why it 's better to be invaded by russia . 
  b\u00edr\u00f3 l\u00e1szl\u00f3 j\u00f3zsef - or as foreigners know , biro . 
  the man who invented the biro pen , or , as we know it , the ballpoint pen . 
  not people , but georgia has amazing military industry . 
  of course they are there for their money and power . 
  every country strives for power , and they always did ever since humanity existed . 
  difference is that they do n't invade us , bomb us and throw our country into a civil war , while bragging about international conquest like a nazi would . 
  the us is n't a cute little harbinger of democracy , true , but if i got to choose between russia and the us , i would n't hesitate for a second . 
  true soviet never ded, 
  i feel stupid :(, 
  uh , day of defeat is a video game , which is what i was mentioning . 
  i think we 're onto two different things . 
  umm , what ? 
  i love that game . 
  really though , i had a train break down once , and the spare train they sent had a max speed of like ~ 60km/h . 
  eastern europe stronk, 
  / u/limitlessltd in a nutshell : `` everyone should be very afraid of the russians . 
  you disagree ? 
  you 're fascist russian scum . '', 
  i 'm not , thank you for worrying . 
   if it was `` fast '' it would be able to outrun a fighter . 
  because heavy duty bombers are designed to outrun fighters . 
  i see you 're an aviation expert , are n't you ? 
   im sorry but i do n't live in africa/syria/iraq . 
  if russia was violating africa/syria/iraq airspace then i would react just as strongly . 
  so if people die in thousands , you do n't care , but if russia is involved ( not even in the killings ) , you 'd be up in arms ? 
  that sounds really odd . 
   no , but you are ok with defending their air incursions into baltic/nordic countries and their pretty aggressive moves towards nato countries . 
  and how am i defending their air incursion ? 
  seriously ** how many times ** do i have to tell you that i do n't ? 
  all i said , and i 'll say it for like the fifth time now , all i said is that this event is not the first , not the last and it 's greatly exaggerated . 
  what 's next ? 
  i 'm a putler fascist separatist scum ? 
  or anyone who disagrees with you is a paid russian spy ? 
  greece and turkey have * constant * air incursions , hell , even actual fights in the air between them occasionally . 
  but since russia is not involved , nobody bats an eye in the long run . 
  see how the average media can pump up things ? 
  indeed they do require a background to be effective . 
  but the irish rangers are mostly required for counter-terrorist roles . 
  that 's why the irish consider them to be very important , hence the good equipment and training . 
  right than . 
  edited . 
  wow , a supersonic fighter is faster than a bomber , who would 've though ? 
  if it was n't , how else would they intercept it ? 
  point is , it 's still fast . 
  and it is . 
  an interceptor squadron needs around 15 minutes from startup to takeoff - before they even start intercepting the bear could 've already come 200km closer . 
  this is why they respond to even irish air space incursions . 
   that is when they approached uk airspace . 
  which is synonymous , considering the distance between uk and irish airspace . 
   do you expect me to ignore the russian invasion of ukraine ? 
  no , and you should n't . 
  but that is * off topic * . 
  i could go into how the f-35 deal of the raf was a bad idea and how they should 've kept the harriers , but again , that is * off topic * . 
   this is not extremely worrying to you ? 
  it is quite worrying , but the point is that it 's not a challenge we ca n't overcome ( or had overcome in the past ) . 
   or you can continue to believe everything in the world is ok and dandy and russia is doing a glorious protection of `` ethnic russians '' .
