  fucking mail you a t-90 part to part so you can inspect it ? 
  type `` t-90 '' in google and on the front page you have like 4 rather in depth articles about the t-90 . 
  but again , if you actually cared about the topic , you would 've done that , you 're just here to have an argument , because that appears to be your fetish . 
  go ahead and look up sources on the internet . 
  i guess as an american , you 're used to the fact that others do everything for you . 
  i 'm tired of you . 
  so self-entitled . 
  but for what , i wonder ? 
  but oooh wait , you actually do n't even care about the t-90 or the topic , you 're just here to have an argument and wank to it , then downvote it . 
  because reddit is surely meant to be used that way . 
  people like you should be shadowbanned . 
  okay , thank you for enforcing the american stereotype . 
  ignorant as hell . 
  no matter what . 
  even if i linked a dozen articles here , showcasing the t-90 inside out , you 'd still call me an asshole . 
  just wow . 
  and i thought i 'm about to have a discussion here . 
  instead i got another shitshow . 
  `` not american ? 
  must be shit !, 
  russian ? 
  it is shit no matter what others tell me ! '', 
  okay , so , you call me out for not giving any source , i give source , you deny it , call me a shithead * while you actually never given any proof of your own statement . 
  * clearly i 'm the asshole here . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/t-90 enjoy . 
  anything else that bothers you so much that you have to reply me with it ? 
  i mean seriously , instead of looking it up yourself , you come to reddit and call me out for not giving source that takes around 0.24 seconds ( according to google search ) . 
  i did n't really say it will blow an abrams to smithereens , all i said is that is on par with them . 
  in equal situations , the tanks would probably perform similarly . 
  my question : why do you think the western tanks are like , invulnerable ? 
  rpg-32s disabled tanks in iraq , why would n't a modern t-90 do that , if not more ? 
  in fact , the abrams is rather outdated . 
  the only tank i could call truly top of its ' class is the merkava 5 . 
  as for sources , look them up if you want to . 
  i based them off my knowledge . 
  plenty articles nowadays cover the t-90 . 
  the latest t-90s are equipped with the latest era and even active protection systems , while having barrel-fired guided shells and atgm capability , with modern digitalized sights and remote controlled 12.7 mm hmg mounted on top of the turret . 
  all in all , i consider this to be a tank capable of brawling western tanks . 
  latvia and estonia do not have russian favoring population . 
  that is the kicker in eastern ukraine . 
  ukraine was politically always split when it came to western and eastern parts . 
  estonia and latvia in fact , do not favor russia at all . 
  the chance of a pro-russia rebellion is a whole lot less than in ukraine . 
  why so ? 
  their t-90 mbts are on-par with western mbts in term of performance , and over that they still have thousands of modernized t-72 variants . 
  in terms of firearms , the ak-74ms they are equipped is more than enough for an average soldier . 
  just because it does n't have a fancy picatinny rail or 6 laser sights and eotech on it , it still fires a similar round with only slightly worse accuracy . 
  question : define modern equipment . 
   there are n't many european militaries with significant capabilities france ? 
  germany ? 
  norway ? 
  even italy has a considerable army . 
  sas has a number of a few hundred , the spetznas have at least 10 times the amount of manpower . 
  the `` spetznas '' is a collective term , it is not just a single unit like the sas . 
  if there 's anything ww2 has taught us , than it is that russian do not stop , no matter the cost . 
  those soldiers are fucking crazy . 
  and now with all the propaganda they are fed , some are really crazy . 
  they only sent a few thousand troops and a few dozen tanks to the rebels in ukraine , and the ukrainian army is already in deep shit . 
  imagine if a * million * showed up , with hundreds of jets and thousands of tanks . 
  ukraine would fall in two weeks . 
  and a question here : why do you think they are badly armed or trained ? 
  the russians receive one of the most physically and mentally challenging , not even challenging , more like abusive training . 
  [ read this through ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dedovshchina ) . 
  the spetznas and fsb units are known worldwide , and the [ vdv ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ca2egub5k0 ) has a considerable size as well . 
   thank god for nukes . 
  yeah , as long as nothing big happens , they are a gift . 
  * but * - if something does happen . 
  we are fucked . 
  like , humanity extinction fucked . 
  why do you assume that russia is weak ? 
  especially when it comes to military ? 
  they have over a million troops . 
  * russian troops * . 
  there is a reason why nato exists to begin with . 
  they did n't enter any country 's airspace . 
  they went by the atlantic ocean , coming close to portugal . 
  after a few interceptors showed up , they turned around back to russia . 
  they did n't even enter any country 's air space . 
  ** little bit ** sensationalist title there . 
  they flew above the atlantic ocean , coming * close * to portuguese airspace , but they did n't enter , and after a few interceptors showed up , they returned to russia . 
  edit : as / u/thyrotoxic said , it has happened , it happened again and it will still happen . 
  nothing surprising here . 
  felcs\u00fat will be happy with the internet tax . 
  if the tax goes live , how am i going to feed my family without all that internet karma ? 
  well , they practically did all you listed , to some extent at least . 
  what does the government gain from this ? 
  barely anything noticeable ( $ 0.2 b a year , sounds huge , but considering all expenses of the country , it is still not all that huge ) . 
  what do the politicians gain from this ? 
  a new car and a vacation . 
  welcome to hungary . 
  learning from mistakes ? 
  not a hungarian tradition . 
  at this point , i ai n't even mad , fucking do it . 
  because this is n't the first tax like this to begin with . 
  fucking everything is taxed here . 
  * everything . 
  * think of crisps . 
  * taxed * . 
  orban made a crisps-tax that pretty much increased the price of crisps here by at least 50 % . 
  and now tax the internet ?
