  nothing you can really do about it . 
  yes , they are frequent . 
  but they are solved 99.999 % times . 
  that 0.0001 % is this time . 
  yes , but than why ban people based on ethnicity/religion ? 
  how would it make you feel if some white guy harassed women , got banned and with him every single white man was banned , just because of that single asshole ? 
  at that point they were being harassed . 
  i can understand that . 
  but the guy said they were banned for just looking . 
  what 's next ? 
  banning blacks for being blacks ? 
  banning for saying `` hi '' ? 
  banning for smiling at others ? 
  ca n't you see how absurd this is ? 
  is there any kind of law that says how long i can look at someone ? 
  what i ca n't even fucking look wherever i want without getting banned ? 
  i mean there 's a difference between being concerned and being totally ass backwards . 
  to be fair though , `` tigher and longer '' control can be better . 
  here in hungary the major parties are polar opposites of each other . 
  when one is elected , all the progress the previous one made is now useless . 
  then on the next election , it happens again . 
  and we go back and forth every 4 years . 
  meanwhile in the us for example while the parties sure show differences , they still are n't polar opposites . 
   parliament starts discussion about preparing for a nation wide terrorist act , just in case `` they are killing democracy ! '', 
   terrible terror act happens `` why was n't the government ready for this ? 
  so basically the working age people just said `` ai n't nobody got time for that '' . 
  ah , yes , the glorious gulags . 
  they are only good when it 's not us being sent there . 
  awww . 
  here , have a drink tovarish , for old time 's sake . 
  ^ ^ ^ pls ^ ^ ^ no ^ ^ ^ invasion, 
  you like it , it 's fine . 
  but many do n't . 
  1956 oct 26 best day of my life !, 
  can confirm denmark . 
  even the oldest gran on the street spoke perfect english . 
  ridiculous . 
  it also sucks how only 1 out of 5 people speak english here . 
  and even then it 's usually the younger generation . 
  i just did n't know what 's going on . 
  games ? 
  or what ? 
  confused . 
  so confused , what the fuck is this sub right now, 
  sister of mine told me that the danes took fireworks seriously . 
  well damn she was right . 
  that 's exactly what they want . 
  do n't let them get away with it so easily . 
  good on you . 
  killing is not their way of winning . 
  they ca n't kill millions of people , just a couple dozen . 
  their way of winning is distrupting our lives , making sure we live in fear day after day . 
  and shit like this allows them to achieve that goal . 
  i 'd rather get blown up than give up my freedom/civilized society for them by living in fear day after day . 
  no clue . 
  all i know is that they hate learning romanian and they are mostly bad at it . 
  kind of how we are quite bad at english in homeland hungary . 
  i guess hungarian history 's accuracy is not the top priority for the romanian education system . 
  they are probably fine with `` they were nomads = mongols '' . 
  goal of terrorists is to distrupt our daily lives and make us live in fear . 
  guess they won . 
  yet in practice they have not even won a single battle . 
  no we 're not . 
  our origins are nomadic but we are n't mongols . 
  our culture is like , complete foreign from rest of europe . 
  we basically invaded eastern europe ~ 1100 years ago , and conquered what is now hungary . 
  our culture originates from somewhere east , far east , somewhere in russia . 
  we 're not slavs though . 
  our true origins are still a great mistery today however . 
  nobody knows for sure . 
  so you could say ... * we are emigrants ... * we hate ourselves !, 
  hungary an oddball again . 
  only been to copenhagen . 
  it 's enormous !, 
  i liked it . 
  how is it stupid statement ? 
  are you denying that the ukrainian war is still going strong ? 
  or that the us does not supply syrian opposition and indirectly isis with anti-tank missiles ? 
  who am i kidding . 
  you 're just here to continue a circlejerk , instead of having a discussion . 
  you asked for proof , i explained everything the guy said . 
  why are you so butthurt ? 
  ah , the good ol' `` us and them '' mentality . 
  us does something hideous : well yeah , shit happens , life is n't fair . 
  russia does something hideous : stop them , at once !, 
  as if iraq 2003 was n't a `` land grab '' . 
  and even if the us does n't take land , they just go whereever they please , and bomb whoever they please , with absolutely no consequences , since they know very well nobody would dare to oppose them . 
  proof for what ? 
  despite sanctions , russia is still the largest supplier of gas and oil in europe . 
  the war in ukraine definitely halted too , both sides are tired and exhausted of the war - even though russia still has n't pulled out troops from the area afaik . 
  us has been arming syrian rebels for half a decade . 
  90 % of tow missile footages show us tow missiles , obviously . 
  of course , most of the `` moderate '' rebels have since joined isis , leading to loads of us supplies fall into isis hands . 
  it 's simply because they have the resources and money to research and mass produce camos like that . 
  we made this shit 20 years ago , it sucked back then , it sucks even today , but we ai n't got the money to replace it . 
  so it stays . 
  only our special forces branch gets huncam equipment ( huncam is basically a multicam copy ) . 
  the british mtp camo works even better here in hungary . 
  it 's similar to multicam . 
  and it 's also dirt cheap .
