  these marches are for people changing their minds about homosexuality , not `` oh just being happy '' . 
  but they can just live their lives respected without me caring what kind of hole they prefer fucking . 
  these parades are fucking retarded . 
  there are n't any heterosexual pride marches either . 
  if they paraded in saudi arabia i 'd say okay , because they are standing up and fighting for their rights . 
  but for fucks sake , it 's 2016 in europe , nobody cares about gay people being gay anymore . 
  they have their rights and live their lives normally . 
  with this they just alienate the opposition even more . 
  holy shit the gay hate over here is insane . 
  it 's like 90 's america over here . 
  i do n't even get these parades either though . 
  `` look at us , we are gay ! '', 
  yay more gun strict laws incoming for europe because of some mentally ill fuckface . 
  thank you !, 
  hope you burn in hell . 
  they are a good reminder though . 
  exactly . 
  i have no fucking idea how hungarian sounds like , because it 's ... like hungarian for me . 
  great job romania . 
  we should do the same here . 
  so that 's the trick, 
  i can smell them from here . 
  do i * need * to be compassionate ? 
  do i need to give you hugs every time ukraine is mentioned ? 
  we get it , for fucking years now , you 're at war , yes your people die , yes , bad bad russia . 
  now stop . 
  yes , but that 's not because of the ceasefires . 
  both sides are just exhausted of fighting , that 's all . 
  itt : `` i do n't like this comment , therefore i 'll do my best to downvote it to infinity . '', 
  oh / r/europe . 
  which one ? 
  the 165th ceasefire ? 
  ceasefires in ukraine can be taken with a grain of salt . 
  people died in war also the sky is blue, 
  wow . 
  did n't know that . 
  of course . 
  it 's a train too . 
   the ban on menthol tobacco comes into force on 20 may 2020 . 
  1848 never forget, 
  thats exactly my point . 
  by all means it was an absolutely mediocre song with false vocals . 
  people just voted it because ukraine , and the other was russia . 
  it 's all politics . 
  listen to other songs , then tell me ukraine was the best . 
  oh boy , it 's not . 
  even russia 's one is better , and that was quite shite too . 
  which was just as retarded . 
  this needs to stop . 
  but that 's exactly the problem . 
  eurovision should n't be tied to politics for fucks sake . 
  the song was awful . 
  it just got voted because . . well crimea . 
  did they ? 
  the song was god awful . 
  ** sound the alarm **, 
   ( sv\u00e1bok , ugye ) these ancient runes ... 
  words i suppose . 
  ^ ^ could ^ ^ he ^ ^ be ^ ^ one ^ ^ of ^ ^ us ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ca n't ^ ^ ^ be, 
  hungarian itself is an ethnicity too , they just happen to have a state , whose citizens are hungarians . 
  hungarian gypsies are the same . 
  when they need hungarian citizen benefits , they boast that they are hungarians when they need minority benefits , they boast that they are gypsies . 
  spineless, 
  exactly . 
  there are welfare programs here where they were given free schooling , free houses , stuff like that . 
  you know what ? 
  school dropouts are still significant and my gypsy neighbor once dismantled the entire house they were given , burned the wooden floor for heating then left the house . 
  90 % of the gypsies are just not compatible with us . 
  you give them money , they just wipe their asses with and go fuck a chicken . 
  oh shit it 's about to go down, 
  oh shit it 's about to go down, 
  oh shit it 's about to go down, 
  okay , you are not gypsies . 
  but you are trashy as them . 
  khorne for the corn flakes !, 
  it 's czechia now, 
  khorne for the corn flakes !, 
  `` china ! '', 
  i like to play with fire tho, 
  macedonia . 
  wish more hungarians took your actions right now as an example . 
  i seriously respect your nation more and more every day . 
  tell people that they are in danger and he is the solution , and he 'll win voters . 
  politics 101 . 
  you 're right . 
  i share the same view . 
  as a hungarian , trianon is still painful , but for fucks sake , people need to get over it . 
  funny , i play american football and i have three romanian teammates ...  good guys , but we can only speak english on the field , obviously . 
  i know that , but tell that to the nationalist idiots who will immediately say `` we are bending down to the romanians '' or some shit . 
  knowing how some fucktards are still living in 1919 , i do n't blame the government . 
  the current government is under attack all day from nationalists , this would be adding fuel to the fire for jobbik . 
  just look at the comments under the link you sent . 
  total trash , most of them . 
  but that was the problem . 
  we were handled as austrians as well . 
  language and culture forced on us . 
  it was god awful until 1867 . 
  then , during the austro-hungarian monarchy it was n't that bad , true . 
   there is almost none magyar language used before that year .
