i heard living in france actually sucks though . 
  well not like hungary is any better , but , it 's no wonderland . 
  does n't make it any less legit . 
  that 's still an amazing price . 
  look at this : http://www.ebay.com/itm/british-army-issue-kevlar-combat-gs-mk6-helmet-dated-1986-large-desert-cover-/151451089120?pt=uk_collectables_militaria_le&amp;hash=item23433038e0 they are this damn cheap ? 
  wtf ? 
   * instruction sheet only * not very good example . 
  but you 're right , i found like 5 helmets on ebay . 
  they seem extremely cheap though . 
  $ 30 for a kevlar padded combat helmet ? 
  yeah , thanks . 
  global world wide effort - among ukrainians . . 
  i do n't understand this part . 
  so to clarify , ukrainians group up and buy stuff from foreign countries ? 
  correct ? 
  and where do they get it from ? 
  you ca n't just buy a ballistic helmet from the market , especially not british ones . 
  edit : apparently you can . 
  american helmet ... german helmet ... british helmet ... where do they get these ? 
  okay , let 's be clear here : russia never invaded . 
  if russia invaded ukraine , ukraine would disappear in two weeks . 
  russia just supplies equipment and minimal amount of troops . 
  point is , they are officially part of the government . 
  not a rogue militia fighting for ukraine . 
  they do not have a choice . 
  they * have to * protect nato members , it 's their duty : http://www.nato.int/terrorism/five.htm if estonia was invaded tomorrow by russia , russia would technically declare war on every single nato member . 
  this is the reason why they will not attack nato . 
  and from russia 's point of view , nato is the crazy nuke-owning country , another reason they will not invade . 
  qrf exist for a reason . 
  a full mobilization indeed would take weeks , exactly because of the logistical reasons . 
  but a sizable army can be dispatched in days , especially fighter jets from carriers or ground , and airborne troops . 
  why would n't they ? 
  i mean , like , what would stop the nato from re-taking estonia if it fell ? 
  yes , they certainly are at a bigger threat , but still , i do not think they could n't hold on for a day or two . 
  because that 's about all the nato needs stage up an invasion force . 
  we are living in the 21st century . 
  invasion forces can be deployed in a day or two . 
  jets can get from uk to poland in an hour or so . 
  and even if , let 's say , poland falls entirely , by the time they get to germany , the entire us navy and airforce is stationed in germany while marines are already deployed , while the entire bundeswehr is on the borders . 
   nato has not enough forces to drive them off conventionally . 
  uk , germany , italy , france , poland and the us combined ? 
  are you sure ? 
  maybe they should pursue a cease-fire . 
  yes , yes , you might say that the rebels broke it every time , but the ukrainians also broke it many times . 
  it just seems like neither of them wants peace . 
  un peacekeepers should be deployed , imo . 
  this situation will not resolve itself . 
  russia would never go to war with nato . 
  they can be warmongers , but they are n't * stupid * . 
  your comment does n't sound like western propaganda at all ... ** / s ** on a serious note , the ukrainian army has a openly neo-nazi volunteer battalion , just saying . 
  both sides have `` neo-nazis '' in their ranks , some rebels holding the dpr flag have been found holding the flag of 3rd reich on their fb page . 
  war is part of what makes us human . 
  it always did . 
  we are living the most peaceful times of humanity , so , embrace it . 
  12 year high school , i 've yet to go to college . 
  thank you . 
  i am not qualified . 
  i 'm 17 years old , currently studying electronics-electrotechnics in hs , i 've always wanted to be working around aircrafts , and i target a technician role . 
  do you have any advice that i could make use of when it comes to getting a job like this ? 
  i 'll take it . 
  there are n't plenty of job opportunities * anywhere * in hungary , so if i actually got a job like i mentioned here in hungary , holy hell , even with wizz air , i 'd say i won the lottery . 
  they say they have a healthy airliner industry . 
  i want to work on airliners , mainly as a technician . 
  here in hungary ... we do n't even have a national airline company anymore . 
  oh now that is just deadly . 
  put some kim jong bloodline in there and you 'll have the ultimate scum . 
  i should consider moving to lithuania ... 
  ** still . 
  not . 
  cancelled . 
  ** it 's been delayed . 
  orb\u00e1n said that it can not pass in it 's current state . 
  that 's all . 
  they are going to rethink ways to get this live tax anyways . 
  than who is downvoting me ? 
  as i see some of my comments are below -1 . 
  it is n't like what i 'm stating is incorrect . 
  yes , legally , de jure . 
  but practically , or in reality , de facto , we all know it 's russian . 
  is n't that clear as crystal ? 
  never said it 's justified , nor do i think it is justified , i just said that it 's logical to call crimea russian . 
  because , it is now . 
  it 's relevant because it 's easier to accept that crimea is russian . 
  because let 's be honest here , russians are n't known for being gentle and pulling out . 
  i 'm sure that de jure the world , especially the western countries will never admit that crimea is russian , but de facto , we all know it practically is . 
  do n't think it 's over yet , they are just re-thinking the tax . 
  well , it is n't like crimea is going back to ukrainian hands any time soon . 
   you are following a wonderful tactic your former soviet masters taught you : troika shows up and says you are guilty and it is up to you to prove your innocence . 
  aaand you clearly have no fucking idea of what hungary is . 
  and tell me , when did the abrams ever meet a similarly powerful tank ? 
  that backfired hard . 
  just stop . 
  do n't even reply . 
  you do n't know what you 're saying , you do n't care about the t-90 , you 're just here for an argument and i do n't need that . 
  thank you . 
  de facto it 's still part of russia . 
  what you meant is * de jure not part of russia * , which is , like , obvious . 
  than how should i prove it ? 
  i give you a link , you say `` it 's false ffs ! '' . 
  than what else could i do ?
