  i 'm no radical person but shit , we need to stop being politically correct fast . 
  fine . 
  i 'm all for a joint effort on border policing . 
  but a joint effort in taking them all in just recipe for disaster . 
  oh poor greece . 
  they just let everyone in and passed them on the closest train . 
  hungary set up a border and checkpoints and people already called us nazis . 
  point is , we should n't just let anyone in . 
  or if someone does , it 's their problem . 
  oh absolutely . 
  germany obviously did n't care about finland , they obviously used it to their own advantage . 
  really anyone would 've done the same . 
  my point was from finland 's point of view , on the winter war . 
  during the winter war , finland did not get much support from anyone ( other than some volunteers ) , they pretty much faced the entire soviet union on their own . 
  it was when the germans went on the offensive when what you wrote happened . 
  i get your point , but finland 's invasion was unprovoked . 
  the soviet union just seeked territorial gains . 
  so basically they did fight for their freedom , their independence . 
  and how come nobody talks about hamas ? 
  their use of human shields , indiscriminate rocket attacks against israeli cities ? 
  oh , but it 's gaza , we do n't talk about their side of the story . 
  obviously israel sent tanks there for just jolly good fun . 
  or maybe i 'm just a man who thinks israel is n't some kind of black magic voodoo evil demon people that reddit often makes them to be . 
  your statements are nothing but theories . 
  he was murdered by terrorists and one politician was `` suspected '' to be part of it . 
  well people now suspect bush of doing 9/11 too . 
  both seem equally legit . 
  there are countless rocket attacks , and suicide bombings in israel . 
  what kind of response do you expect ? 
  settlers are not `` israel '' . 
  it 's as if i said criminals in the us represent the government . 
  did i ever justify the settlers ? 
  i 'm talking about israel . 
  are they ? 
  literally all their neighbours have tried to * completely purge them * just a few decades ago . 
  can you be a peaceful little entity with neighbours like that , just because they failed to do so ? 
  even though egypt and syria sucker punched israel , they actually gave back a lot of land to egypt when they lost the war , as a sign of gratitude , and decided not to take over any invaded countries that lost ( such as syria for example ) . 
  yet today , israel is still considered `` the aggressor '' . 
  it 's pointless to argue who started it first , because both sides claim they are the victims . 
  while the jewish settlers are known assholes with no regard to palestinians , the idf ( israeli defence force ) never really acted hostile , and when it did attack , it was retaliation . 
  negotiations have always fell on deaf ears with hamas . 
  meanwhile hamas has been known to use civilian residential houses , hospitals , schools as launch sites , and often use children and women near launch sites to make sure they are n't bombed . 
  it 's on liveleak . 
  basically they force the idf to cause collateral damage , which they can easily turn into a recruitment tool . 
  brilliant , but also rather pathetic . 
  i just wish for a day when the palestinians get a legitimate democratic government . 
  ca n't argue with that . 
  in my opinion palestine should be declared a free state too , just like israel was declared a free state in the 50 's . 
  the problem is that the leading government in palestine is corrupt as fuck , and is basically a known terrorist organization ( the hamas ) . 
  as long as they are in power , no progress can be expected . 
  jews have always been persecuted and hunted throughout almost all cultures . 
  that 's pretty much exactly the reason why there have been many jews throughout the entire continent , they had no actual home . 
  israel is now their only true state . 
  and people hate even that . 
  jews have been there for a milennia . 
  jews have one state in the entire world , and everyone hates them . 
  just one . 
  and people find even that too much and invasive . 
  and no wonder they are very aggressive , pretty much all their neighbours would destroy israel if they saw an opportunity . 
  [ the real wheelbarrow ] ( http://images.wisegeek.com/dirty-wheelbarrow-construction.jpg ) . 
  that thing is just a toy . 
  if it is n't full of 30 year old cement , dirt and rust , it 's not a wheelbarrow . 
  but you make it like that their entire life goes into your pension , like their entire life is all about your pension . 
  while it 's just a couple of dozen dollars from your salary . 
  and you can hardly `` save '' for decades after retirement . 
  at least the vast majority of people ca n't get that much money in their lifetimes . 
  without pension these people , usually lower-middle class would be fucked . 
  is n't that exploitative for you ? 
  what do you mean `` exploit them financially '' ? 
  by that logic paying taxes is also `` exploting financially '' . 
  that 's the problem . 
  everyone is doing their own thing , nobody gives a shit about the future generations . 
  have fun attending to your son 's / daughter 's college graduation at the ripe age of 60 . 
  ** nevah !, 
  except that we were fighting a total war . 
  we are not related to turks . 
  we just took a lot of words from them when they ruled over us a few centuries ago . 
  is okay i have potato , want some ? 
  ( do n't tell latvia ), 
  you can not into nordic, 
  we are always the language oddballs . 
  all at once . 
  the situation was always shit even before the war . 
  actually , shitty situation was the catalyst . 
  true to a point , but bosnia still went from pitch black to not so pitch black . 
  by comparison , russia 's gdp is 4 times higher . 
  like austria for us . 
  we do n't really have the opportunities others have . 
  despite being a poor eastern bloc country , the fact that our gdp is actually increasing is already surprising . 
  here 's to another muslim invasion !, 
  cheers !, 
  hopefully they wo n't stay for a century this time . 
  holy shit ukraine is poor as hell . 
  it 's that they are n't germans . 
  first of all they are kurds , only then comes that they are muslims . 
  kurdish traditions are very old . 
  and arranged marriage is one of it . 
  it 's typical of old cultures . 
  yep !, 
  you can go to a gun range and just for [ ~ 20000ft ( ~ $ 80 ) ] ( http://loterkft.hu/elmenyloveszeti-csomagok/ ) and you can shoot aks , shotguns , pistols without any permit .
