  what i got was that 's the eu is fine as it is . 
  but the current direction of the eu , going for federalisation is n't something he/she wants to be part of . 
  the snp were going to get that seat no matter who ran for it . 
  but a new generation mp in west minister is hopefully a good thing . 
  i would n't say this is toys thrown out of the pram . 
  but a huge , how did the latest polls get it so wrong if the exit poll is to be considered correct . 
  exactly this . 
  we should work closer together i 'm all for that . 
  but each country has it 's own agenda and it wo n't work to try and combine all of these . 
  it 's simple , we like to think we 're the same and we could be a united as one . 
  but we honestly are to different . 
  each country has it 's own prerogative . 
  people were naive to think that european countries did n't partake in spying . 
  it took two nuclear bombs to deter the japanese , but it ultimately deterred them and they surrendered . 
  it comes to a point where the civilian causalities are n't worth the invasion . 
  ever is a long time . 
  who 's to say that combat in space wo n't be with nuclear weapons . 
  large open area no casualties bar those you 're aiming at . 
  but i hope we never have to use them , but i would n't give them up . 
  who 's to know what could happen in a centuries time , that deterrent could be the only thing stopping countries from invading . 
  but the areas which argentina and chile claim can be possibly rebuked because of the falklands being on the continental shelf . 
  in the event that we no longer had the falklands our claim goes with it . 
  it 's also the only reason we can lay territorial claim to british antarctic territory . 
  which is said to have the most natural resources of any territory claimed on antarctica . 
  thatcher had it on the table in the event of a carrier being sunk . 
  you know i think it 's because the bbc news correspondent was with them when they came under fire . 
  might make it news worthy for the bbc . 
  also because it 's expected to heat up soon now winters over . 
  this moment in time . 
  that 's what an instance meant when i read it . 
  # 12m over three years to help tackle the problem of illegal immigrants in calais trying to gain entry to britain : http://news.sky.com/story/1339331/govt-pledges-12m-to-tackle-calais-migrants france wants british police in calais : http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2014/nov/05/france-wants-british-police-in-calais-to-help-with-migrants calais could shut down its port if britain does not take tougher action to stop illegal immigration : http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2014/sep/03/calais-threatens-shutdown-port-immigration seems that the french and especially those in calais believe it 's of our concern what goes on there . 
  christ it 's like you have n't even read this entire thread . 
  i said i 'm all up for free movement but it is helping these migrants get to other countries they have no business going to like france . 
  so stop painting me as some anti eu open borders guy , i was stating the problem with how things are currently run and how migrants can move to where-ever they want , thanks to it . 
  `` though if the `` dublin 3 regulations '' were amended for the migrants to be transported to a country to then be processed and distributed more fairly it would sort it all out . '', 
  which i said on that comment . 
  you know actually as a border control officer i expect them to stop them , to do there job . 
  i mean i expect the police to do there job . 
  the doctors , nurses and surgeons . 
  the fire-fighters and teachers . 
  i expect all of them to do there job . 
  why should n't i expect that of a border control officer ? 
  but you obviously have jumped onto a comment and not read what i 've put . 
  i like free movement but it helps migrants get around that 's all i said . 
  get onto european soil and they have a good chance of getting where-ever they want to go . 
  but honestly , i would expect proper border control would stop them quite a bit from going to country to country . 
  at least slow them down and have a better chance to get them checked out and an official decision made . 
  but i 'd use a fence not a gate . 
  because to them , once you get into the eu it 's a free roam to where-ever they want to go . 
  i 'm not against free movement . 
  i 've said that in comments up . 
  but it does help them out once they get into europe . 
  now i 've forgotten this entire thing and it 's been hours since i posted in this thread . 
  i feel free movement helps them , i 'm not against it . 
  but the fact it 's there allows these migrants to get to whatever country they want to get to and it is n't usually italy or spain that they want to stay in . 
  plenty of them want to get to the uk but are stopped at the border which causes a problem for calais as the mayor has repeatedly said . 
  something needs to change to fix this and i do n't expect it to be the free movement , hell i do n't want it to be . 
  i 'm simply pointing out that if free movement was n't a thing they 'd likely be stopped at the initial countries border where they can be dealt with there or transported to another country to be dealt with . 
  already answered with opinion to someone else and another , so i 'm just linking to my comment : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3380yc/why_the_eu_needs_britain_as_much_as_britain_needs/cqim9zr, 
  migrants will always find a way in . 
  without any country noticing , but the free movement helps them get to the country they want to more easily . 
  unless they want to go to the uk . 
  all i 'm saying is migrants travelling to whatever country they want is directly thanks to there being no borders with passport checks . 
  it 's one of those things . 
  i 've already said this though : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3380yc/why_the_eu_needs_britain_as_much_as_britain_needs/cqim9zr, 
  so that free movement without borders is working wonders . 
  i guess so but calais is more of frances problem for giving up the controls of it 's borders and leaving the migrants to fester in calais . 
  at least the uk is n't part of schegen agreement and has some sort of border control . 
  ok there , are 40 constituencies in wales . 
  each has a seat in parliament and get 's to vote on issues , `` get there voice heard '' . 
  are all 40 of these politicians from wales going to travel to europe and have there voice heard ? 
  how do they get to another country then ? 
  surely they 'd be stopped at the border like they are between the border from france to the uk ? 
  yep wow , haha sorry about that . 
  `` what other country constantly has articles posted about it leaving the eu ? '', 
  well probably greece at the moment ... agree with everything else . 
  just thought you know greece is having a pretty hard time with it at the moment . 
  so the eu is going to sit down and vote on what 's best for wales . 
  countries which wo n't really give a fuck what happens to wales as it 's a far off country with little significance to them . 
  i really do trust those politicians to make the right decision . 
  what about a vote on whether drilling for onshore oil should be a allowed in a small constituency , will the eu really care what 's best for the community that could be up rooted because of that . 
  will they even hear or care about protests in small towns if they do occur ? 
  i do n't believe an eu federation will be any better at distributing power than a national government . 
  at least a national government has a stake in how the countries run . 
  i guess so . 
  but the ability for them to move around and find the right country for them once they get palmed off is because of the free movement . 
  though if the `` dublin 3 regulations '' were amended for the migrants to be transported to a country to then be processed and distributed more fairly it would sort it all out . 
  the ability for these migrants to move around freely between countries is causing a huge backlog in calais as they ca n't get to where they want to because britian is n't part of the schegen agreement . 
  maybe if 950 of them die , they 'll have an emergency summit , while the rest of the world looks on in horror but until then , i guess it 's business as usual . 
  i 'm not against free movement but it honestly is n't working . 
  just have a look at calais . 
  that right there is complete chaos . 
  well exactly , it 's not good for countries within the uk which is why scotland wants more devolved powers . 
  even cities such as manchester are getting or have devolved powers . 
  so clearly even with so much in common , it still causes problems in a country like the uk how would it work eu wide . 
  where there are a lot more differences . 
  i ca n't see that happening any time soon . 
  you just have to look at greece and observe the mess that , that `` discussion '' has become to know we are n't anywhere near to being able to function as a unified federal superstate . 
  we should work to become a superstate yet , it would n't work . 
  but broadening partnership in multiple areas and attempting to work together more than as a monetary union would do this entire continent some good .
