exactly this is what i want , as one of the british public i want some more knowledge of what goes on between europe and britain . 
  economically and in every other area . 
  i could look all this up of course , but the average voter is n't going to do that, 
  no it 's pretty much a eurozone issue . 
  countries which are n't part of the eurozone have n't been part of these talks , why should they now be asked to put money towards it . 
  i 'd expect any none eurozone country to be against this action not just the uk . 
   now we got an agreement with all eu countrys you mean eurozone countries . 
  britain is n't part of the eurozone and did n't agree to any of the terms set out for greece . 
  what about a currency union ? 
  they were made as the uk did n't want to have a currency union like the eurozone because it would be a mess . 
  mark carney suggested it would be possible if some financial controls would be withdrawn from scotland ( which is what the eurozone needs to do . 
  ) , but they would n't want that if they 'd just voted for independence . 
  not with that attitude . 
  i 'm pretty sure cosco bought the port in greece or some chinese company . 
  britain has , money from the imf is also from britain but it does n't have any place with greece bar through the imf . 
  we have , i 'm sure we sent a few million, 
  he could consolidate to a fence with a flamethrower business, 
  repartition claims have been going on before this government . 
  nothing new really, 
  1 family should n't be punished . 
  if you took all the money from one random family that would be wrong but it 's fine from this family . 
  i 'm not saying just because it happens it 's ok . 
  i 'm saying it happens everywhere so we should n't punish one family because of it . 
  you appear to be the amoral one . 
  if we live in a fair society then by all means but we do n't . 
  because it is n't just the royal family that has that . 
  the type of family you 're born into matters a whole lot in society . 
  really we hold the actions of those before us on descendants . 
  i wonder how many people in the world should feel incredible guilt and shame because of the actions of there forefathers . 
  get off your high horse . 
  even then i doubt he was commenting that . 
  he was probably thinking about a recent article he read which said that exports to mainland europe were up . 
  as britain had a pretty good year . 
  but sure , he might of been thinking about judgment of paris nearly a decade ago . 
  yeah i 'm sure he was thinking all the way back to 1976 when he made his comment . 
  colonisation was a problem in itself and i know it was n't positive for the general population . 
  but i think the way in which europe pulled out so quickly from africa without leaving support in place is one of the causes of the problem we face now . 
  what an intelligent reply . 
  gibraltar is an overseas territory . 
  britain has control over foreign policy and defense of these overseas territories . 
  so it is n't different . 
  it matters , gibraltar does n't have a military so britain would need to defend in it 's place . 
  what happens with gibraltar does britain have to defend both the north and south then ? 
  it 's got final cut pro below the video . 
  whether that was the only software i do n't know . 
  but i 'd assume it was at least used partially in production . 
  it seems sort of engrained nowadays , that it was n't germany fighting in ww2 it was nazi germany . 
  it 's something i 've noticed personally anyway . 
  i think it covers it well . 
  it states how german loss of life from france , the uk and the us , it also stated that france surrendered . 
  i think it covers it all pretty well . 
  but i guess the circumstances are slightly different . 
  even though france declared war it was still invaded . 
  it 's still an invasion when it 's territory is taken control of by a foreign force . 
  france also suffered similar atrocities so it seems pretty well placed in that list . 
  just the uk ? 
  maybe i missed the rest of the eu lining up to take there `` share '' of migrants . 
  while the uk was the only one not wanting too . 
  a bunch of countries competing with one another . 
  just seems like the uk will be side lined now . 
  instead of it being a discussion on what everyone wants . 
  the two top dogs have gone into a room , and as they are the two top dogs will get what they want . 
  now if more countries had also be partial to these discussion , italy , spain , poland etc then perhaps that would of been fair . 
  but the two top european leaders . 
  wonder who 's going to win out in this discussion . 
  make sure you have a job lined up , or make sure you have plenty of savings . 
  if i move anywhere i make sure i have enough to support myself . 
  i do n't expect to be bailed out . 
  how so , you can move where-ever you want in europe . 
  but make sure you can support yourself when you do . 
  that seems pretty fair to me . 
  well the uk is n't part of schegen area so it 's a lot harder for these asylum seekers to get to us than it is for them to get to germany . 
  once they get into europe that is . 
  i do n't know why he 's back , he does n't seem to know what he 's doing generally . 
  i assume it 's a position he simply ca n't fuck up . 
  as he did as education secretary and then chief whip when trying to get the speaker out in the last parliament . 
  yeah makes sense, 
  including islands and overseas territories ? 
  i 'd go with 5 personally , scotland , wales , northern ireland , northern england and southern england . 
  that would be my idea , i think england needs to be split , the north needs some re-vitalisation that much like the scots i do n't believe westminster will do for us . 
  the eu referendum will be more definitive than a scottish referendum . 
  it also seems to be hot topic because the snp has done so well as the only left leaning party with any credibility . 
  honestly i would have voted for them ( if they were in england and were n't fighting for independence ) . 
  whether the idea of independence has gained strength or not is anyone ' guess at this point . 
  but devolving powers or even better federalising the uk is what needs to happen . 
  the scottish need more control over themselves , much like england , wales and northern ireland do too . 
  edit : put island not ireland . 
  that 's what i think as well . 
  but after the elections i 'm not to keen on trusting any polls . 
  as they clearly do n't understand the uk generally . 
  honestly when it comes to the referendum , i 'm imagining tory back benchers and ukip will be going along with the whole anti-eu campaign . 
  but the rest of britain going for the pro-eu campaign . 
  the referendum i hope will just solidify our position in the eu . 
  i do n't know what his/her reason for disliking it is , but that 's their opinion . 
  actually if germany had taken france and britain , with most of there navy intact then america would of had a huge problem on it 's hands in the event that germany went to invade america . 
  it was also the reason why they were initially against giving the uk any destroyers . 
  although this changed when britain sank a portion of the french fleet and took over another portion under fear that in would land in german hands when france was invaded . 
  missed a generation . 
  the entire election felt like that to me , it was a huge topic . 
  really ?
