  and look at them now . 
  the fact they have a seat at that table . 
  sole permanent member of un security council in asia , give them significant benefits . 
  * unless you count russia up top . 
  are you kidding france has the sixth/seventh largest military behind the united kingdom . 
  germany for the time being does n't need a large military , both british and american forces are stationed in germany . 
  well for britain it comes to an end in 2020 , but for the time being they still have forces there . 
  that 's because that 's the only way russia is relevant , it spends a huge portion of it 's gdp on military , in any normal country the citizens would revolt , but russia has nationalistic fervour too keep them going . 
  while there citizens continue to struggle , especially outside the big cities . 
  honestly you 've shown a complete lack of knowledge just generally , the fact you think france does n't have an army with all the work it 's military does in africa etc. 
  if europe ever wanted to project military power , a rule of 2 % gdp to be spent on the military along with shared use of all military bases around the world and europe could project power a lot better than any other country . 
  but europe is n't interested in that , it does n't need too . 
  after years of war and a general lack of interest in joining who 's got the biggest dick competition apart from the united kingdom and france . 
  never is a long time . 
  but europe as a whole has some pretty good casting off points from islands etc all over the world . 
  i imagine a combined europe , could project power pretty well , it likely would n't require anywhere near the amount of carriers the us has to use to project it . 
  also means you 'd have to take over the island rather than simply sinking the ship . 
  power comes and goes , you 've got to align yourself and be sitting at the right tables to be continue to be important . 
  that 's why everyone 's wanting to now sit at china 's table as a founding member of it 's infrastructure bank . 
  industry started in europe , it had a huge head start no wonder it would be the centre . 
  two world wars destroying infrastructure and that will no longer be the case . 
  though europe will have some sights to see significant to the two world wars and it 's long history . 
  did n't see a french or british ship in that list ? 
  britain only has 4 submarines which can carry nuclear missiles , and only one is at sea . 
  i do n't believe comparisons can be made if you compare the us and russia to the uk . 
  the uk has a lot less to look after and maintain . 
  who should we ship them onto then ... ireland ? 
  i do n't think that 's much of a concern when it comes to france and the uk , they have a small arsenal atleast compared to the us and russia . 
  the uk also only has a single base for nuclear weapons and it 's an at sea deterrence , is n't going to be flying across the skies of europe or left in random hangers . 
  with only one base to maintain and keep control over , it 'd be a huge cock up for something similar to what happened in the us . 
  i 'd imagine he 's desperate . 
  he 's inherited a black hole and he 's trying to do what 's best for his country . 
  he is n't taking aid from russia , i imagine what he wanted was the sanctions russia imposed to be removed as most of greeces food exports go to russia . 
  or they did . 
  unfortunately that is n't happening . 
  my mistake , probably should of googled the exact date before i posted , 
  you 'll have to move back if it does happen . 
  unless you can get the visa . 
  being at the forefront of the industrial revolution . 
  also holding an alliance with portugal since the 15th century . 
  is a pretty big achievement for both countries considering how many wars were fought between european countries over those centuries . 
  i do n't see how it 's the uks problem , yes they 're trying to get in . 
  but the fact the uk does n't let them in , does n't mean the uk should foot the bill . 
  france should have kept the power to stop them from entering france , then it would n't be there problem either . 
  man , the united states is going to really tumble then . 
  counter argument ? 
  i love reading r/europe just for the multiple views . 
  / u/nickval seems to put it best , it all makes sense in my eyes : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2zni10/france_displaces_britain_as_key_us_military_ally/cpl7ajb, 
  i dunno i look back into the past and know the super powers , not the sole power , constant competition etc. 
  but there seems to always be the one that 's remembered as the super power . 
  but yeah i think i over reacted in my posts yesterday . 
  reading over them i do n't even know what i was going on about myself . 
  you obviously do n't know history very well . 
  powers change , the us is n't going to be on top forever and china appears to be the up and coming super power . 
  when the world pivots and we all aim towards asia for everything , china will be the country everyone will want to work with . 
  including the us . 
  at that point china will surpass the us as the dominant super power . 
  that is unless the us holds on for dear life and does n't want to let go without going to war . 
  hey that last part was a joke . 
  i simply agreed with you that 's it, 
  how so ? 
  if that were the case then poland should never have been lost in ww2, 
  well in that case you could definitely use to lose some military bases . 
  just keep them in the uk , we like your soldiers spending there money over here , 
  i would n't say the us ' super power status does n't effect the wages , but probably not decisively . 
  but the fact the us is the leading economic power definitely offers it 's advantages , maybe not to you personally , that you can feel directly , but to your country as a whole . 
  which in turn does benefit you . 
  but i guess as a taxpayer you know you do n't feel any of those benefits so you do n't care . 
  which makes sense . 
  i believe if we keep going we 'll be doing this for days . 
  so yes maybe i did n't take into account that these are n't benefits directly to us citizens , but i am sure that benefits are there whether you directly feel them or not , 
  but that still would have given germany power . 
  war had been continuous on the continent for a while , countries vi-ing for control . 
  it 's great having hindsight for everyone to think how bad hitler was , but this could of easily been worse with germany taking control of the continent . 
  germany would of then become the world super power and britain would n't have wanted that . 
  it was n't in britains interest to let germany win . 
  well your wages are generally better . 
  i was n't talking about your bases , you 'll lose your bases as you lose your super power status . 
  but if you did understand that : so you do n't like having the economic advantages of being a super power ? 
  did you miss the part of my sentence which said about burning bridges ? 
  would n't we all , but you 're the us . 
  you 're not going to want to give it up willingly . 
  well do n't worry you 99 % will get what you want when china becomes the next `` super power '' , they 'll be a tug of war for a bit , but china will come out on top no doubt . 
  then your military bases will dwindle and you 'll have one on each continent probably . 
  wait it out , you 'll get your wish , 
  never go to war for it ? 
  what were those 2 world wars , occurring in europe , that britain took part in ? 
  just a dream i had ? 
  it 'll be like ww2 with poland all over again . 
  we 'll go to war but finland will be lost before we even get started . 
  the us companies would just find another tax haven , so not very beneficial of you to burn bridges for the hell of it . 
  oh exactly and you know the brat will get bored at home and want to come out to play again . 
  then your foreign policy would be useless . 
  these military bases are in the us ' interests as well you know . 
  this is n't just you protecting us . 
  the bases are strategic to project the us ' power . 
  who 's to say the uk is n't just following it 's own interest like every other country . 
  ( i agree with what your saying ), 
  hey it 's all good you pay for the r&d we 'll pick it up later on , once it 's been tested and what not, 
  that 's not a nuclear germany ... you 're just hosting them , you do n't have tactical control .
