just check this thread . 
  the most upvoted comment atm :  fucking cunts . 
    people can not even enjoy the glorious european pastime of eating kebabs in peace . 
  so , the most upvoted comment is written a joke ( i do not think that the author meant anything bad ) , but i can not see this happening if for example two jews or africans were attacked . 
  from my personal experience people in the western europe tend to look down at eastern europeans , not in a super racist way but just a bit racist way . 
  there is no widespread hatred ( maybe in the uk ? ), 
  towards ee , just a small looking down at them . 
  according to first available slovenian population statistics from 1948 there are more croats than hungarians . 
  weird, 
  in croatia there 8 minority representatives . 
  but you have three bigger minorities with no rights . 
  care to explain why ? 
  because none of the countries from the conflict is in schengen . 
  i would n't even say that the title is bad . 
  the bad title would be merkel on the ropes ?!?!?!?!, 
  with this title they are suggesting it 's really a question to discuss , not betteridge 's law . 
  yes indeed , we need more of these [ beautiful monuments ] ( http://gdb.rferl.org/c8409aff-f507-46e0-8ed6-32c261eb0cb5_mw1024_s_n.jpg ) that celebrate joining . 
  do not take it seriously , as you know in croatia we make a lot of jokes about length of slovenian coast so it was funny . 
  nevertheless , as others have stated , you should check local beaches . 
  i quickly redid some things in the `` translation '' : after makarska , vodice and tisno , municipality preko also developed a problem of crowded beaches , while individuals are trying to `` book '' a pleace leaving towels overnight at the beach or bring them at dawn . 
  some citizens revolted by such procedures , burned the towels , writes the portal na\u0161i \u0160kolji . 
  the worst situation is at the most famous and the most popular jaz beach in prije\u0161ko , where the municipality set the wooden chairs . 
  but from the early morning , there is no room because they were all occupied by those who think they are entitled to it by leaving a towel the day before . 
  the situation is similar at the beaches of preko to ugljan . 
  on some of them chairs are tied with the chains , and the locals already took care of the things by themselves twice , according to the municipality preko , picking up dozens of towels and setting them on fire . 
  `` every day we get calls of disgruntled locals and guests . 
  at some beaches it is not possible to find a place even when there is almost no one . 
  we have to stop this , and in line with our decision on communal order , municipal utilities stewards began to remove `` reservations '' early in the morning and the owners of the things can get them back in the municipal building . 
  this way we also save their things , because we do not them to get stolen or being burned again . 
  as much as it bothers some people , they must understand that this is the public land and the order has to be obeyed . 
  the public area must be accessible to everyone '' , stressed the mayor karlo novoselic . 
  i laughed so hard when i saw a slovenian wrote this ... 
  sorry but it never gets old . 
  they should also make it able to stop orbiting europa and to go in some other place . 
  so they can keep talking about doing it . 
  fuck , i thought i hid well behind german flag, 
  slovenia and slovakia is easy - one is a country and the other is austrian parking lot . 
  gangsta rap is something associated with the poor parts of the society . 
  in germany those are usually immigrants ( and their children who become gangsta rapers ) . 
  i read an interesting article by a daughter of croatian gastarbeiter where she states that italians were also seen as filthy immigrants back in the time of gastarbeiters . 
  also , i often meet germans who have no idea about huge amount of exyu people in germany who are second after turks by number . 
  i know , as my flair states : dalamtian in berlin, 
  they get assimilated partially - their children completely . 
  of course , one is born where he is born , the traces of growing up in certain environment can never be undone , but in the moment where you live in germany for years and you learn german perfectly i 'd say you became german . 
  people like that do not need to fly flags above their flag because their identity is where they live . 
  waving a flag is also metaphorically , for example , that can also be refusal to take take german citizenship or having all your closest friends from your country of origin . 
  ex-yu and turkey have the biggest gastarbeiter communities in germany . 
  they are pretty similar profile of people - low educated , those who had to leave because they had no other choice ( no education ) from small town/villages that were fucked up for years . 
  i believe the mentality was something like why to go to bigger town when i can earn shitload of money in germany , come back and live like a king ( hint : they mostly stayed ) . 
  of course they are a lot of well educated people who went to germany , but they became germans soon afterwards and you wo n't see them hanging croatia , serbian , bosnian , turkish flags around . 
  and you need to have some ancestors born in the monarchy . 
  you 'd be surprised how rare that is ... a friend from novi sad told me that in her group of friends one person managed to get a passport that way . 
  i hate those horrible barbaric albanians and bosniaks . 
  please do not think of croatians based on experiences with gastarbeiters . 
  those are people we are ashamed of too ( i do not speak croatian in u-bahn when i smell gastarbeiters nearby ) . 
  out of curiosity , did you also work with serbs/croats that were on the same job position as slovenes ? 
  but the number of seats in slovenian parliament is ( to a good extend ) proportional to the number of votes . 
  had no idea eu conquered uk 50 years ago . 
  bello is not war but dativ of the world war . 
  it 's nominativ is bellum while beautiful is bellus/bella/bellum . 
  it \u00b4 s interesting that swabians are people from w\u00fcrttemberg and are very much hated by the rest of germany . 
  once i told a german guy that we call all germans shvabe , he mad a really sad face . 
  i really love that lipanj is june in croatia , while lipiec is july in polish . 
  they both come form lipa ( lime tree ) but it blossoms in june in croatia and in july in poland . 
  my hometown ( split , croatia ) has changed a lot because of tourism . 
  10 years ago the whole city had a fair amount of tourists but since the number in rising . 
  therefore the city is changing too . 
  when i was a kid i 'd go to shop for cloths in the city center , there were also a few bookshops etc. 
  now they all closed and became apartments for air bnb , shitty overpriced fastfood restaurants and things like that . 
  it 's not the tourists that ruined the town but the greed of locals . 
  since she was the prime minister of socialist republic of croatia ( at the time president of the executive council of sr croatia ) , she should definitely count . 
  especially since she was the first in the world ( maybe just europe ? ), 
  there is one group that has a huge bar in the basement of their institution . 
  they usually thank it for the fruitful discussions . 
  he \u00b4 s talking about the things that happened on bleiburg field , during the surrender . 
  english wikipedia has quite a good article about it . 
  exactly , tezno massacre ( just as everything that followed ) was a huge crime . 
  on the other hand you were talking about bleiburg , could you point out to the crimes around bleiburg ? 
  no , no , no , it gets worse . 
  it was built some 40 years ago as [ a nice building ] ( https://edge.media.datahc.com/hi295478261.jpg ) . 
  few years ago it was bought by zeljko kerum who started to create a new exclusive hotel there . 
  in the meantime he became a mayor of split . 
  then , in order to improve his hotel 's value , he also used the city 's money to create a nice walking area in front of his hotel . 
  now he does n't even have money to finish the hotel . 
  haha i saw his photo in croatian newspapers earlier :d, 
  you know that gorizia is in italy , right ? 
  can you point me at part of syria where it 's peaceful ? 
  wait , poastawienie was easier to guess for you than znak ? 
  it took me five minutes . 
  i thought this has something to do with refugees and closing border . 
  we all need a rest ... 
  i 'd strongly disagree with the 2 . 
  the fact is that croats , serbs and bosniaks ( bosniak = bosnian muslim ) in bh , are very nationalistic . 
  but those that think of themself as bosnians are not nationalistic , and you can not know their nationality . 
  since kosovo is not on the list , kosovars are also under serbia ? 
  does anyone from serbia actually get a refugee status ? 
  photos ( posted in r/croatia ) https://m.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.834114669953320.1073741832.207657579265702&amp;type=3, 
  i think in 99 % of the cases they returned to their homes . 
  those people were transported by dalmatian partisans and brits . 
  since partisans won the war , back home was the most logical destination .
