  i highly doubt any of them stayed there . 
  the thing is totally different . 
  look at the conditions these people were in . 
  they were in those conditions because they had nowhere else to go . 
  their home is in war . 
  i posted this not to forget that we need to help tthe people who really need our help . 
  why did this people go to egypt and not to italy ? 
  they did , but the italians had a lot of problem themself . 
  maybe we are doing the whole thing wrong ? 
  maybd we should host some of refugese already in egypt/lebanon/jordan / turkey , letting these states to take new refugese , more refugese . 
  since croats are slavs that come somewhere from present day poland , when can we occupy and return our rightful clay ? 
  i think that brac is by far our best connected island . 
  imagine living on lastovo for example ... 
  how relevant are online interviews ? 
  what is the methodology ? 
  at least in croatia , online opinion polls are very shitty because big parties just forge the results , and the online populations is not representative . 
  good thing you did n't mention italians , they are gon na change the side anyway ( just kidding ) . 
  on a serious side , italy has a pretty nice army ( third or fourth strongest in europe ? ), 
  i have never been in london , but vienna is very multicultural ( 38,2 % non-austrians according to wikipedia ) . 
  the thing with vienna is that most of the immigrants are from ex-monarchy ( + turkey ) . 
  also , since it was the centre of monarchy , it has been multicultural for hundreds of years . 
  not sure how usual was migration from colonies to london , tho . 
  as an absolute fan of vienna , i agree . 
  i just want to fix something :  the capital of a fallen empire that was multicultural and multi-religious . 
  i lived there for two months and i must say i do n't understand why you say was , it definitely still is . 
  there are 40 % immigrants in vienna . 
  so ... somewhere in croatia , such as gorski kotar ? 
  the italians are in istria , austrians are close + some hungarians austro-hungarian to the north , medditeranean in the south , balkan in the east ( originally , now they are everywhere ) , ex-socialist : easter european ( and if only warsaw pact are ee , there is hungary right there ) . 
  - no northerns and balts . 
  catholics ( check ) , orthodox ( check ) , protestant ( not particularly in croatia , but there are some protestant czechs in vojvodina ) . 
  + some european muslims ( bosniaks ), 
  this is not america , you know ... 
  i do n't think they have claimed him . 
  probably the map is just wrong . 
  also take note that there are three nobel prize winners : prelog , ru\u017ei\u010dka and andri\u0107 . 
  and croatia , serbia and bosnia have 4 together . 
  go figure out ... 
  prelog is probably counted for bosnia . 
  do n't think it 's a good idea , although he was born there he lived good part of his live in croatia ( since he was 9 ) and he started his scientific career there . 
  it think map counted only ru\u017ei\u010dka for croatia . 
  prelog should be counted for croatia too definitely , while with andri\u0107 it 's a bit weird . 
  croatia has at least 2 noble prise winners ( not counting ivo andri\u0107 , i have no idea who get his nobel prise since he declared himself as yugoslav ) . 
  yes , because i 'm sure mother teresa would have wanted a 5m worth , 32 m high monument . 
  there is no better way to spend 5m than building megamonuments !, 
  actually the movies were filmed in the samo region , dinarid mountains ( in paklenica , croatia ) . 
  i did n't see it was you  . 
  still some others do n't . 
  i guess it would n't be so weird if the german laws were with dm . 
  heck , half of our laws still uses deutsche mark !, 
  ( i 'm croatian btw ), 
  iljada is also commonly used ( today ) in dalmatia . 
  but i understand what you want to say . 
  of course they do . 
  but can you really call a word serbian if it 's in croatian literature since the bare beginning of one ? 
  really ? 
  4 times ? 
  this is the first time i hear it . 
  in judita marko maruli\u0107 uses hiljada ( or iljada , i 'm not sure ) . 
  marko maruli\u0107 was croat , he lived in split in 16th century and is considered a father of croatian literature . 
  til croatian for akord is sazvu\u010dje . 
  this is so funny ... just to clarify , i 'm croatian . 
  edit : ok , after checking this list i 'm pretty sure some of the words in croatian are false . 
  for example : bogoslovlje ( serb ) - bogo\u0161tovlje ( hrv ) , and catholic faculty in zagreb is called bogoslovni . 
  so , not really . 
  indian parliament work in only two languages ( with possibility to use others in special cases ) : hindi and english https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/languages_with_official_status_in_india#parliamentary_proceedings_and_laws ca n't find the info for south africa, 
  i think that the language barrier is the bit problem in european story . 
  let 's say that we establish some euro government . 
  what language would they speak ? 
  every minister his own ? 
  my point is , i believe we need official working language ( s ) of european union . 
  one language would be ideal . 
  historically , latin would be the best candidate , but that would not be very practical . 
  esperanto could do a great job if some political structure decides to back it up ( i do n't see this happening ) . 
  english ... 
  i 'd like to see a face of frenchman you propose this . 
  in the end , in my opinion , it would be best to use two or three working languages . 
  english and french would work well ( and again they are official languages of nato ) , but english/french/german combination could work too . 
  in praxis , that would mean that every member of new european parliament should be able to understand everything said in english , french ( and german ) and be fluent in one of them . 
  honestly , i like the idea of esperanto the most . 
  but i find it very unlikely . 
  well , i 'd say it 's both central and southern . 
  i adore that typical central european architecture in southern croatia ... 
  that was not albanian flag . 
  that was flag of greater albania , aka albania with kosovo and parts of montenegro and macedonia . 
  in balkans `` great countries '' are very dangerous because they actually call for another war ... 
  i imagine that lot of spanish republicans joined communist resistance ? 
  more / less all football fans from around the globe know about croatian national team . 
  could be that it 's the best known one that is not included in fifa ? 
  my god !, 
  hide !, 
  quickly, 
  dubrovnik was never italian city . 
  it used to be a free republic where italian and latin were official ( so ragusa was the official name ) . 
  most of the people spoke croatian or dalmatian ( extinct romance language ) at home . 
  bosnian muslims are no more extreme than bosnian christians . 
  my favourite moment is when re d'italia was sunk . 
  worth nothign tho , a lot of these words are not german , but south german . 
  i sometimes get a weird look using those words in berlin . 
  one example : \u0161vercati ( to smuggle , schw\u00e4rzen ) - noone in the north knows about this, 
  croatia has very different cultures between the regions .
