yeah !, 
  [ russian ship clearance withdrawn after us , uk pressure ] ( http://www.timesofmalta.com/articles/view/20161028/local/russian-ship-clearance-withdrawn-after-us-uk-pressure.629310 ), 
  just two weeks before , on the same media : [ russian ship clearance withdrawn after us , uk pressure ] ( http://www.timesofmalta.com/articles/view/20161028/local/russian-ship-clearance-withdrawn-after-us-uk-pressure.629310 ), 
  you forgot moldova . 
  you can throw in some more conflicts , we all know it 's evil russia everywhere . 
  the pricing is from 2009 russia-ukraine contract and additions to it . 
  it 's quite dependent on other variables such as gas oil , and hence can diverge with the eu market prices . 
  now it 's lower than them because of low oil prices . 
  additionally , russia can offer small discounts by through export duties . 
  here seems to be a contract itself http://www.compromat.ru/page_23857.htm not sure about authencity though . 
   please consider me as uneducated , and stupid as you must - but why the fuck is no-one putting a bullet through his head ? 
  we can literally smell ww3 ... ... ... . yeah , that 's stupid . 
  states avoid killing other states ' presidents or they could risk it spiraling into an epidemic of dying presidents . 
  because once your government kills other country 's president , you ca n't feel safe anymore . 
  it 's an informal continuation of diplomatic immunity . 
  you may hate the man , but you do n't kill him . 
  that does n't apply to independent private murderers though . 
   it 's proven before , that pro-russian political party used trolls in bulgaria , for commenting under news in the websites and creating fake profiles that 's interesting , can you point me to proof ? 
  bulgarian would suffice . 
  that 's nonsense . 
  lol . 
  blame everything on troll factories , that 's convenient . 
  the point is that ukraine can currently buy gas cheaper from gazprom than from the eu . 
  when the prices flip , it can turn to the eu again . 
  yet it decides to pay more because of political considerations . 
   in case of russia , probably even more because they have no alternatives ( while europe has , even if not for 100 % of its demand ) , eu is the largest market , but not the only one . 
  but yeah , until siberia-china pipeline is operational , the eu is influential . 
   and relies economically on gas sales more then europe on gas purchases . 
  it 's debatable . 
  russian gas exports to the eu currently account for about $ 30 billion annually . 
  that 's significant , but only like 10-15 % of all exports . 
  in case of a sudden stop in supplies , russia will only suffer monetarily , while the eu will suffer energetically . 
  but both will suffer , yeah . 
   that does not make it right . 
  who decides what 's right or wrong ? 
  you ? 
  the list is not full . 
  ask him about ` moderate rebels ' and non-isis islamists as well . 
  yeah , it 's like a zero-sum game . 
  if ukraine buys gas from the eu instead of buying from gazprom directly , gazprom sells more to the eu instead of selling to ukraine directly . 
  just adds some intermediaries . 
   the current battles in aleppo at the moment are almost entirely between rebels and foreign shi'ite militia working on behalf of the regime - there 's no functional saa on the front lines anymore . 
  do you know anything about syrian war ? 
  jeez , you can go to / r/syriancivilwar if you want to know something before making such bold and obviously false claims . 
  is n't that what most media do anyway ? 
  oftentimes the conclusion you make from the headline is n't even easily drawn from article itself . 
  they reference some `` finnish tabloid iltalehti '' , not sis . 
  i do n't know what it is , but this tabloid , in turn , references your intelligence agency ( or supo , as in article ) . 
  so i do n't see anything incorrect here . 
   russia invaded their closest ally what ** ally ** exactly ? 
   russian habit of presenting themselves the `` main '' , true slavs or how all slavs are supposed to be . 
  that 's a clear overgeneralization , this ` habit ' mostly only applies to russian nationalists ( which is expected of them ) , and to my feeling is quite a marginal idea nowadays in general public . 
   your economy is too weak . 
  jeez , thanks , now i know that . 
  so much for wishful thinking , 
  fyi crimea is inside russia , 
  i do n't get your point . 
  russia is mainly ( re ) building naval bases , radar systems , air defense and air bases . 
  that looks quite logical for a place positioned like crimea . 
  now that you are in both the eu and nato , what 's your stance ? 
  afaik , learning estonian is obligatory in schools so overtime the issue is gon na go away . 
  in fact , i want to praise lithuania for doing that . 
   lol i do n't get it . 
  you do n't agree ? 
  i mean culturally , not politically . 
  at least i do n't notice when drinking vodka with estonians . 
  maybe that 's because of vodka ... 
  for posterity , we were talking about lithuania , in reference to a guy which prefers germans and poles to russians . 
  i try to keep an open mind . 
  it was n't me constantly bringing up russia/invasion/putin , so i 'm not sure i 'm the one in the propaganda-influenced room . 
   that citizenship thing did n't seem to help in ukraine at all . 
  true , that case is different . 
  but by not giving citizenship you are not helping either . 
  i 'm not much into estonian situation ( only have friends studying in tartu , so hearsay ) , but i think stateless people are more dangerous to stability than those with citizenship . 
   yeah , that 's why you imported them here , so that when time comes , you can loudly state that they are being oppressed ... nah , not going to cause much unless people themselves believe they are being oppressed/threatened . 
  it 's not gon na work otherwise, 
  ofc no . 
  i do n't get why you seem so defensive , that 's probably because of my flair . 
  i wish all good to baltic states . 
  yeah , living decades instead of centuries makes you lower-class minority . 
  there are very few countries in the eu with less than 5 % immigrants . 
  i 'd say that germany or france are struggling with integration issues a lot more than baltics . 
   putin will use them to influence or make baltic countries unstable just like he did with moldova wtf ? 
  putin ? 
   georgia what exactly did putin do to georgia ? 
   lithuanian russians would rather piss on putin 's picture than put it on the wall . 
  then you can sleep well . 
  nothing can really happen without people support , as is evident from ukraine case . 
  i never said that honest journalism does n't exist . 
  it 's just that i can not tell who is honest . 
  if i indeed knew some of them personally that i could trust , then maybe . 
  and also i ca n't understand why you call ng independent journalists ? 
  i 'm sure it 's partially owned by russian oligarch lebedev , who is no stranger to politics and tried to use his influence in favor of navalny . 
   exactly , that 's why we do n't want more russians , they 're fifth column to us . 
  i thought the term * fifth column * ( typical fear mongering ) is only used in russia nowadays ... 
  the only situation in which russian minority can be a threat to security is if it feels unheard/threatened/oppressed . 
  that 's kind of lame trolling , because i have already explained my approach , and it judges articles by verifiability , not by the very subjective notion of authority of the media . 
  under this approach , kp would mostly fail as well . 
   you do n't know the meaning let alone the usage of this word given context . 
  i may fail at expressing my thoughts in english , but my reading ability is better .
