  if you really bring this argument up , you have to remember how kla operated before the war , including terrorist attacks , expelling serbs from their villages . 
  remember how members of kla were trained in albania and financed from there as well . 
  but they could just go to their `` motherland '' instead ... you know , many parallels can be drawn between what happened in kosovo and donbass . 
  yes , i laughed hard at that `` soviet films '' part . 
  100 % directed at foreign readers who have no clue about russia ... 
  i can clearly see the logic you are using here . 
  substitute kyiv with tallinn and ukranians with estonians , and it will apply as well . 
  russians have the option to move to the motherland . 
  so let 's make them do that . 
  interestingly , kosovar albanians also had a sovereign state where albanians are a titular nation ( you know , albania ) . 
  your logic does n't seem to apply well here . 
  i have worked for 10 months in a private company and got a 15 % boost just this month . 
  it 's not stomatology though . 
   the republic of moldova is an artificial state created by accident after the dissolution of the ussr so much for mutual respect . 
   in a war all it takes for civilian casualties is a single stray rocket , missile , rifle grenade , tank shell and so on . 
  or , say , a deliberate bombing of a civil administrative building in the centre of a city . 
  yes , the economy is somewhat fragile , but it 's not in a shock anymore like at the end of 2014 . 
  the government still has means to balance budget if needed , like weakening the currency some more and tweaking oil taxes . 
  but these are undesirable , especially the first , for apparent reasons . 
  i would argue that low oil prices caused like 3/4 of this impact , and sanctions the rest , though it 's hard to quantify . 
   inflation is high this year is likely to end with lowest inflation on record  real wages are down yes , but returned to growth several months ago  ruble has dropped significantly yes , but has stabilized since . 
  and has also become less susceptible to oil price volatility . 
  `` economy has adapted '' does n't mean it 's back to where it was before . 
  it means that it has rebalanced as an effect of external shocks and reached a new stable base state . 
  thanks , i know all that . 
  there 's nothing wrong with them getting depleted , russia is n't gon na collapse after that . 
  we are already cutting spending and selling debt , and it 's gon na intensify as the funds are depleted . 
  there are sanctions against individuals and some state-owned companies ( rosneft , gazmpromneft , some banks and some other military-related companies ) . 
  they are affected , the rest is not really . 
   lack of access to financial markets who can not access financial markets , apart from companies under sanctions ? 
  russia has even sold eurobonds in september . 
  also , it was a push to develop our own financial markets . 
   inability to do business with a lot of european , american and canadian companies , plus just the general uncertainty that now comes attached to the very idea of doing long-term business with a russian company ( or , god forbid , the russian government ) . 
  i guess you mean those companies under sanctions . 
  others have adapted fairly quickly . 
  the company i work for did n't even experience problems , though we do a lot of international activities . 
   as the saying in russia goes . 
  the tv screen can overpower the refrigerator , but not forever . 
   the status quo has to hit russians in the pocketbook , both the elite and the ordinary putin voter . 
  it has already hit , and overtime the effects are diminishing . 
  the economy and the elite are not static , they adapt . 
  so , the longer the sanctions are present , the less effective they are . 
  and i 'm quite confident at this point that the economy has adapted . 
  that 's gon na be the moment i lost faith in europe . 
   do n't be fooled by the russian bravado on sanctions . 
  they 're working so furiously to undermine them because they are hurting russia 's interests badly . 
  are current sanctions hurting russia ? 
  yes . 
  are current sanctions gon na make russia get out of ukraine ? 
  for better or for worse , the situation in ukraine has somewhat stabilized , without either significant escalation or progress in peace talks . 
  so , russia is gon na try to keep the conflict frozen , and work to weaken sanctions at the same time . 
  but even if it does n't succeed in the latter , it wo n't give up on donbass , that 's not likely . 
  you 're gon na be surprised , but the whole idea behind reserve fund at the time of its creation was to use it to finance budget deficits during recessions . 
   wars in any part of the world , bad . 
  wars in europe ? 
  worse . 
  please tell me you 're joking . 
   the us is going to stay there until the taliban is completely eradicated . 
  if that is the real objective , then we will likely land a man on mars before you withdraw from afghanistan . 
   karelia but that was during wwii . 
  you can argue ussr is n't russia but the mentality is still the same with the taking of crimea . 
  well , a lot happened during wwii , and much more before it . 
  russia has been gaining and losing territories over the centuries . 
   i do not think moldova , georgia , or ukraine will reunite with their breakaway regions because of the friction between those regions and the state , plus you have troops there . 
  georgia - unlikely after 2008 war and recognition of their independence . 
  ukraine - well , mostly depends on ukraine . 
  it implemented nothing in political part of minsk agreements . 
  moldova - reunification is possible . 
  their new president has promised to make steps in this direction . 
   by taking crimea , you ended up making more enemies out of millions of ukrainians , more wariness from europe/eu , and economic sanctions placed on your country . 
  there are downsides , but there are upsides still . 
  most important is loyal , mostly russian population . 
   afghanistan is actually miles better than it was a decade ago . 
  but you still did n't leave it . 
  because if you did now , taliban would take over the country rather quickly , just like it did after ussr left . 
  and pray to god it 's taliban and not isis . 
   at least we are not taking territory like in ukraine , georgia , finland , and moldova finland ? 
  did i miss something ? 
  by the way , the only act of actually `` taking territory '' is crimea . 
  in moldova , for instance , the breakaway region almost fought against moldova right after ussr collapse , as did abkhazia and south ossettia in georgia . 
  we did not take any territory from them , locals did ; in fact , in moldova the door is still open to reunification . 
   you at least end up with a free country . 
  free afghanistan , iraq and libya . 
  kind of freedom other countries can only dream of . 
  i just opened it , clicked the latest [ `` review '' ] ( http://us11.campaign-archive2.com/?u=cd23226ada1699a77000eb60b&amp;id=62d2998c9e ) , then read the first accusation :  in the russian talk show vremya pokazhet , poland was presented , on the basis of a recent opinion poll , as being full of hate towards russians . 
  in fact the poll did not mention the word hate at all , but simply noted that better attitudes to other nationalities were recorded in countries with higher standards of living . 
  it is a recurring narrative in pro-kremlin media that europeans hate russians , so the east stratcom task force tested this claim on people on the streets of brussels and found a different picture . 
  so i watched the video , found the moment referenced ( https://youtu.be/nosgjygrkms?t=1995 ) . 
  this is how it was presented : the show moderator started talking about poland-ukraine relations , showed the * correct * chart from that poll with polish attitude towards ukrainians , then continued , literally :  what is interesting is that in the very same poll , the first place are arabs , whom polish people do n't like the most , then roma , and then us ( * well , the turks are third , russians are fourth * ) . 
  so the question is , przemys\u0142aw ( * refers to a polish journalist invited to the show as a guest * ) , is the hate towards russians so strong that [ ... ] then the guest immediately proceeds with a correction :  why do you say `` hate '' ? 
  it 's not hate , it 's a negative attitude . 
  it 's just statistics . 
  and if a person says that he does n't like russia , it does n't mean he wants to kill russians , it 's not like that . 
  the the host agrees :  i did n't say a word about killing , but well , ok , negative attitude . 
  i see this case as a totally made up , and i wonder if other `` reviews '' are of the same quality ? 
  nah , they do n't commit war crimes , otherwise the west would 've noticed ... or would n't it ? 
   besides life in lithuania is far better for average joe than that in russia . 
  i 'm not sure about the definition of `` far '' , but is n't your country losing some 0.5-1 % of population due to emigration annually ? 
  i know , that 's free movement of labor . 
  https://osp.stat.gov.lt/documents/10180/3329771/income_and_living_conditions.pdf  in 2015 , household disposable income totalled , on average , eur 846 per month , household disposable income per capita -- eur 376 per month .
