sure . 
  but i do n't think anyone is proposing that either . 
  [ 2012 we had 3,6 % of the population as immigrants ( people from foreign countries ) . 
  i think it 's safe to say that finland could easily accommodate more refugees in need . 
   racism and wishing the 80s never ended does n't make you a nazi . 
  while not always automatically , sometimes it does . 
  nostalgia and fear of the unknown ( racism ) play a large part in nazi propaganda . 
  it 's a show of presence and defiance . 
  it 's to show that there are neonazis in tornio . 
  or that 's how i interpret it . 
  it 's not funny and it 's not a joke . 
  yeah , because finland is already overpopulated . 
  not to mention the neonazis and other racists . 
  it 's like relocating to mordor . 
  as a finn , i * actually * think it 's done by * actual * neo nazis . 
  just [ last week they were reported putting up stickers or signs on lamp posts near another reception center that was opening warning people of the incoming refugees ] ( http://www.hs.fi/kaupunki/a1305980492871 ) ( article in finnish ) . 
  according to the signs they were put up by the [ finnish resistance movement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/finnish_resistance_movement ) , a bunch of real neonazi fucktards . 
  this is a real thing and i 'm disgusted by it . 
  nice little democracy going on there , huh ? 
  this is actually really easy to enforce : just do n't allow anyone to write anything on the internet . 
  this is so stupid . 
  this ca n't mean anything . 
  my point can be boiled down to this : income inequality is a real problem and evidence suggests that it 's not going away but actually increasing over time . 
  as citizens of democratic nations and institutions we can and should have a say in what we want to achieve as a society - even if we do n't know exactly the steps that need to be done to achieve it . 
  there are experts to do that : politicians , government officials , researchers , academics , ngos and all sorts of people who can take this mandate ( assuming its shared by most people ) and do something about it . 
  so , what i 'm suggesting is that instead of just saying `` this is just the way the world is '' we say `` no , this is a problem in the system we 've created and something needs to be done about it '' . 
  if enough people say this and act on it ( by voting and demanding results ) , then we can expect to get some change . 
  this is how the democratic system works . 
  the question is then : is income inequality a problem and should we ( as a society ) should try to solve it ? 
  so you agree that income inequality is a problem and trickle down economics does n't work ? 
  do you agree that something should be done about these problems ? 
  in a way you 're right . 
  we humans are a part of nature . 
  hence , as we create and manage the global economic system it is in a way created by nature . 
  but you ca n't honestly be equating trade legislation and human-created economic systems with laws of nature ? 
  because have i got news for you : the rules in our societies , countries , the eu and even the rules of global trade are created by people - not by god or some cosmic force . 
  they can be changed . 
  sure , it 's probably not easy . 
  but it 's not as difficult as - say - changing the laws of gravity or thermodynamics . 
  first of all , i 'm glad you agree with so many points . 
  i do n't fully understand why you would call this `` fluff '' if you agree with it . 
  now to the parts that you do n't agree with :   governments should also to make sure work delivers an acceptable standard of living for those at the bottom as well as for those at the top - including moving minimum wage rates towards a living wage and tackling the pay gap between men and women . 
   that 's a complete meaningless fluff . 
  so you 're saying that increasing minimum wage to a wage that can support the lives of people is `` meaningless fluff '' ? 
  i do n't know if i understand you completely . 
  do you mean that people should n't need to make a living off work ? 
  maybe they would get some basic income so that their work income does n't alone need to provide a decent standard of living ? 
  or do you just disagree with the idea of all people having enough to support a decent standard of living ? 
    increased investment in public services and action to boost the income of the lowest paid . 
   who should increase investments ? 
  it sounds like you are addressing the western governments . 
  if this is the case , how would that help the worker in the third world countries ? 
  or are you addressing the governments of third world countries ? 
  where will they get the money ? 
  if they get it , how to stop that money to disappear in corruption ? 
  look , you 're getting stuck on details . 
  if you expect me to solve every detail of step-by-step action plan to a solution on the problem of global income inequality and the injustice of the current economic system , you 're probably asking a bit much , would n't you agree ? 
  i do n't know a single thing about stopping corruption in third world countries - but i 'm guessing someone somewhere knows more than i do . 
  and i think governments could spend the effort to get them to work on the problem . 
  i do n't think it 's impossible and demanding solutions to it is better than complacency . 
  do n't you agree ? 
  my point is that as citizens of democratic nations and institutions we can and should have a say in what we want to achieve as a society - even if we do n't know exactly the steps that need to be done to achieve it . 
  there are experts to do that : politicians , government officials , researchers , academics , ngos and all sorts of people who can take this mandate ( assuming its shared by most people ) and do something about it . 
  so , what i 'm suggesting is that instead of just saying `` this is just the way the world is '' we say `` no , this is a problem in the system we 've created and something needs to be done about it '' . 
  if enough people say this and act on it ( by voting and demanding results ) , then we can expect to get some change . 
  this is how the democratic system works . 
  the question is then : is income inequality a problem and should we ( as a society ) should try to solve it ? 
  my alternative plan to the complacency of the status quo is this : ** step 1 : let 's not kid ourselves that we ca n't do anything about the way the world is . 
  ** we can and should . 
  the way the democratic world works is that no single person can decide on everything . 
  but in fact it requires a lot of people to feel that a need for change is necessary for any change to happen . 
  we need to make some noise about it . 
  so let 's start with acknowledging that there 's a problem ( a [ wicked problem even ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wicked_problem ) ) - even if we do n't know precisely how to solve it yet . 
  the more we underline there 's a problem - the more mandate people who attempt to solve it will have . 
  ** step 2 : let 's acknowledge the fact that not everybody needs to ( or even should ) work - if the work is ultimately pretty pointless and will only hasten the speed at which we destroy what 's left of this planet . 
  ** right now as the global economy is finishing a decade of recession and some economists are not hopeful for a recovery even now . 
  we 're also living on a finite planet that really ca n't sustain infinite growth . 
  we should n't kid ourselves . 
  ** step 3 : let 's look at the alternatives and ideas for solving income inequality and the future of work and have a real discussion about them ** . 
  we should demand that our politicians do something about these issues . 
  for example , [ oxfam ] ( http://www.oxfam.org.uk/media-centre/press-releases/2016/01/62-people-own-same-as-half-world-says-oxfam-inequality-report-davos-world-economic-forum ) is recommending these steps in fighting income inequality from the article i shared ( emphasis added ) :  oxfam is calling for urgent action to tackle the inequality crisis and reverse the dramatic fall in wealth of the poorest half of the world . 
  it is urging world leaders to adopt * a three-pronged approach - cracking down on tax dodging , increased investment in public services and action to boost the income of the lowest paid . 
  as a priority , it is calling for an end to the era of tax havens which has seen increasing use of offshore centres by rich individuals and companies to avoid paying their fair share to society * . 
  this has denied governments valuable resources needed to tackle poverty and inequality . 
   action to recover the missing billions lost to tax havens needs to be * accompanied by a commitment on the part of governments to invest in healthcare , schools and other vital public services that make such a big difference to the lives of the poorest people * . 
   * governments should also to make sure work delivers an acceptable standard of living for those at the bottom as well as for those at the top - including moving minimum wage rates towards a living wage and tackling the pay gap between men and women * . 
   goldring added : added : `` ending extreme poverty requires world leaders to tackle the growing gap between the richest and the rest which has trapped hundreds of millions of people in a life of poverty , hunger and sickness . 
   `` it is no longer good enough for the richest to pretend that their wealth benefits the rest of us when the facts show that the recent explosion in the wealth of the super-rich has come at the expense of the poorest . '', 
  there are also other ideas on the future of work that might be more suitable for western developed countries . 
  while these ideas do n't necessarily directly influence the conditions of people in the developing countries , the ideas are still important as they challenge the currently dominating neoliberal ideology - which ultimately guides the rules of the global economic system . 
  for example nick srnicek and alex williams have outlined an agenda for a post-capitalist future in their book '' [ inventing the future : postcapitalism and a world without work ] ( http://www.versobooks.com/books/1989-inventing-the-future ) '' . 
  they talk about four concrete things : 1 . 
  we should aim for full automation 2 . 
  we should aim to reduce the working week 3 . 
  we need to instate a universal basic income 4 . 
  we need a diminishment of the work ethic more about their ideas summarised here : [ a no-nonsense agenda for the left ] ( http://www.popmatters.com/column/a-no-nonsense-agenda-for-the-left/ ) but i recommend reading the book !, 
  edit : some formatting edit2 : i have to add some thoughts here . 
  we really ca n't even start thinking about solutions to this problem if we do n't acknowledge it as a problem . 
  and the solutions are not going to be straightforward magic bullets . 
  the problem is complex ( understatement ) and it will not go away if we just agree that `` it 's the way the world is '' and just ignore it .
