  much easier than running from the rabid dogs all day long in the american suburbs . 
  baby carrots, 
  what a hypocrite . 
  i once go hyacinth macaw while casually leveling my blood elf hunter back in 2008 . 
  i rerolled on american servers in 2010 ( was on eu since 2007 ) and got hyacinth macaw while leveling my human warrior . 
  double luck i guess . 
  get of the bed , proceed to the bathroom , brush teeth , than walk into shower , you 'll be awake by the end of the shower . 
  build a fort !, 
  canadians are too polite to lough . 
  neighbors are great . 
  afraid of the police , fsb and other government institutions . 
  those are corrupt and totally unpredictable . 
  i made it my default ringtone . 
  not everyone live in a climate where the things grows from the ground . 
  government is looking for the commonly accepted enemy . 
  jews are little bit old school , so gays serve better . 
  nice try , comrade . 
  i 'm actually missing 4:3 aspect ratio notebooks . 
  never had one , though . 
  bought 15.4 '' 16:10 fujitsu instead of the similar dell back in 2005 . 
  yep , things are getting better and better . 
  if nobody respects you pumping gas or waiting , nobody will respect you when you get more socially acceptable job . 
  fuck society , be a man , do what you want to do . 
  `` soylent green is people ! '', 
  a month or so ago i listened to a radio programme on bbc radio 4 about how uk is throwing off half of the food it produces . 
  during the half an hour long show they were pushing the message that we the people are guilty of being too picky and buying more food than we need . 
  only in the end they said that the most contribution to that exceptionally high amount of wasted food has the practice of dumping the imperfect fruits and vegetables due to draconian regulations on how the fruits and vegs should be all absolutely perfect in shape and color . 
  so , the government , the regulators are actually who to blame for the food wasting , not the members of public , most of whom probably would be happy to pay less for imperfect food rather than share the environmental impact of wasting it . 
  i used to live by the similar schedule last year . 
  was more productive than now . 
  the ones you would like to share the fruits of your labor with wo n't make you happy if you will have no fruits to share . 
  gg ria of nz : fined greedy executives for $ 249k, 
  finally , somebody vocalized this . 
  thank you , op . 
  government employee - all of them . 
  because robots do n't steal and are not stupid . 
  open source !, 
  i got used to drink instant coffee . 
  i make it really weak , barely brown . 
  thus i can drink as lot as ten or even feefteen cups per day and still have a no troubles sleeping . 
  and another good thing - 200 grams package of gevalia is good for a whole month . 
  sorry , this channel is not available in your country . 
  it could be easily cleaned with alcohol . 
  do n't know if it works foe lungs , though . 
  works every single time . 
  apple wireless, 
  well , you can . 
  you can buy a used imac with a dead matrix . 
  just plug in an external monitor and enjoy your monitor-less imac . 
  this is called pov and this is quite old actually . 
  as a poor sighted person i wonder if i will be demanded to remove my prescription glasses sometime in the future ... 
  this is how [ average russian google glass footage ] ( http://mattplays.com/wp-content/uploads/2007/09/doom2.jpg ) will look like . 
  no , you have one monitor shaped computer plugged into a working monitor . 
  [ there are a lot more things like this one ] ( http://paradoxoff.com/creative-trailers.html ), 
  spent all my life in the north . 
  it 's so bizarre that the sun is setting so freaking fast !, 
  `` do n't deploy updates on friday 's evening . '', 
  butt fell off - 12:33 pm, 
  ... to live good . 
  ftfy . 
  suddenly , my dentist 's bill does n't feel so scary anymore . 
  [ here we go ] ( http://paradoxoff.com/red-panda-is-the-real-firefox.html ), 
  thank you , this one sounds better . 
  it looks like the keto also gave you iphone 5 . 
  i 'd whisper passwords . 
  social networks passwords of wife to her husband and vice versa ; parental control passwords to kids ; boss ' bank account passwords to pissed-off employees ... 
  google spreadsheet works great for me . 
  though , i 'm not in finance , neither doing a serious math in it . 
  another one use for normal people : `` ok , glass , what have i done last night and who the fuck is snoring on the other side of my bed ? '', 
  i do n't understand why there is so much fb hate everywhere . 
  there is nothing to do on fb other than communicating with other human beings who are mostly relatives or friends . 
  how could it be even possible to spend too much time on such things . 
  it 's like doing dishes . 
  if you 'll try to cut time on doing dishes , you 'll end up with the heap of dirty dishes and eventually run out of clean ones . 
  if you cut time on communication with friends and relatives you 'll lose all the benefits of having a network of friends and relatives . 
  talking to people is a choir , you ca n't spend too much time doing your choirs . 
  found [ here ] ( http://vitalikovalenko.com/2013q1/how-do-sysadmins-drying-their-boots.html ), 
  there were so many films with black presidents before 2003 ... 
  i wander how it will be marked in the specs . 
  if gt2 will be like intel 4600 in the actual pcs spec sheets , how will they call gt3 ? 
  thank you . 
  lol , i got a layout tip from this article : when you are typing your text on a * nix or windows system where you ca n't just press option + shift + - ( at least , without making some settings and/or installing additional software ) for inserting an m-dash , type underscore instead . 
  just do n't forget to make a search & replace routine before posting it on the web ( replace all underscores with ` & mdash ; ` ) or using in the word processor ( replace with the actual m-dash that could be copied from the character map ) . 
  does n't work for the text with the code snippets , though . 
  those who did this probably did n't wanted to run the new cables through the several rooms . 
  install modern browser . 
  camino or this one : http://www.floodgap.com/software/tenfourfox/, 
  use ubuntu mono . 
  more precisely , 90 % , counting with the ah cut . 
  oh those 5-7 fps in dalaran . 
  ca n't say if i miss it a lot , though . 
  yeah , security through obscurity . 
  way to go . 
  hide all those cables . 
  they look ugly . 
  it 's still 8.45 from march 20 ... 
  to save the trees . 
  the background picture is awesome . 
  where did you got it ? 
  brain !,
