  everything above goes to customs office , and the customers will be asked to pay their local vat ( from ~ 17 % to ~ 25 % in different countries ) + a small customs clearance fee + banking fees . 
  for those who live in small towns it could be quite a hassle . 
  they do n't pay any import fees when they buy domestically or from any other eu member-state . 
  if they are a company and not a private person , they also do n't pay vat . 
  is it santorini ? 
  how does it feel to be there in the coldest april in decades ? 
  hello / r/photography ,, 
  i have nikon 5500 and 18-140 lens -- it is wonderful combination for everything i need . 
  but lately i have encountered another photo task . 
  i need to make decent photos of objects about 20-50 mm in size . 
  with my current lens i have to crop out a lot , leaving with the picture about 1000 * 1000 pixels . 
  so i need a macro lens , but i 'm on a budget . 
  and my light setup is pretty general , not tailored for macro . 
  nikon af-s dx micro nikkor 40mm f/2 .8 g will fit my budget but i am afraid that it is too short and i will end up blocking light with the camera . 
  could you please give me some advice ? 
  thank you for suggestions . 
  my budget is about 250-300 euros . 
  importing used stuff from outside eu would be problematic since i am going to buy it as a company . 
  thank you . 
  2b , 3b pencil . 
  staedtler mars lumographs are the best . 
  this is suv effect . 
  you are more likely got stuck in the mud driving suv rather that sedan . 
  because you wo n't go too far into mud on a sedan . 
  choose category that allows variations . 
  not all of them do . 
  i would highly recommend visiting nesebar old town before 10 a.m. 
  it becomes quite a crowdy place later in the morning . 
  burgas is definitely worth visiting . 
  and there is a short bus trip from there to sozopol -- another picturesque old town . 
  is n't it always displays prices for variables like $ 25.00 - $ 35.00 ? 
  if you see a listing with the price range of $ 1.99 - $ 1000 it is very obvious scum 99 % of the time . 
  it is probably a honest mistake . 
  experienced exactly the same when i was buying my current desktop in a major offline electronics store . 
  newbie or temporary workers are not familiar with the stock and do n't pay enough attention to the details closer to the end of the product 's title . 
  1password has amazing password generator . 
  four words pronounceable passwords it makes have the same entropy score as 24-30 character long ` pwgen ` output , but i actually remember a bunch of them , which is humanely impossible with ` pwgen ` . 
  system settings  displays, 
  set `` scale for menu and title bars '' to 1.5, 
  only if your browser does n't respect the os settings . 
  chrome and chromium respect the os settings by default , and it could be turned on in firefox too . 
  unity 7 is very good at scaling , even to 1.5 x. 
  i am running this setup for a year now without any problems . 
  here is the screenshot : http://i.imgur.com/po7zew2.png, 
  yes . 
  it will be much simpler to setup . 
  but most of the time you would be able to set your linux ssd to boot first and rely on grub . 
  it will detect the windows disk and will add it to menu automatically . 
  trump would slaughter entire volunteer 's family , just in case . 
  you can use a lot of different desktop environments on ubuntu . 
  de 's the most similar to windows 95-xp-7 are :, 
  * mate ( you can select `` redmond '' configuration in the mate tweak tool . 
  i run it on several machines for windows users and they 've never complained ), 
  * lxde, 
  * xfce, 
  the easiest way to get them is to install ubuntu flavors . 
  respectively ,, 
  they are $ 26 with free shipping on ebay . 
  it uses a different , slightly smaller nib . 
  also very smooth , though . 
  but on a dry side . 
  this is the price of doing business as they say . 
  agree , but i feel like one hour of walking a day is nothing , barely a baseline . 
  to feel some sensible effect i need to hit 15 kilometers a day . 
  since i live in the city center , it can only be achieved naturally when i have three or four appointments in the different institutions scattered around the city . 
  otherwise , just walking for the sake of walking is a must . 
  preferably , in the big park or the woods . 
  walking in the woods definitely has a very positive impact on mental health . 
  yes . 
  but 15 kilometers a day is far from being exhaustive . 
  proverbial five miles/eight kilometers are barely enough to not being sedentary . 
  may be you are right . 
  there are a lot of different factors in play . 
  uk is mostly safe as it is . 
  pay for tracking/insurance . 
  the address is the shipping proxy firm . 
  this is the best possible option for you because you are only responsible for shipping your product to the proxy , which will be fast and reliable . 
  if the package than will be lost by russian post ( and they do it a lot ) , it is buyers problem , and you are all clean . 
  faber-castell 1510 have very sturdy tips . 
  europe is a small place . 
  do you hate a very short flights ( 30-40 minutes long ) ? 
  fabriano multipaper is perfectly f.p. 
  friendly . 
  now you know who knows everything about your shopping habits or small retail business . 
  they can share a villa with yanukovich . 
  think they will enjoy each other 's company . 
  ebay interface displays the warning for me every time i put a link to my other listings on ebay or my ebay store in general . 
  in the other hand , many large sellers are putting their phones and emails for customer support in their listings , and ebay seems to be totally ok with that . 
  having the same issue , and have n't found any workaround . 
  if only there was a way to report this bug to ebay ... other that calling them . 
  i ca n't attache any image to the message as well , tried many times for the last half a year to no avail . 
  so if i just reply that i am not allowed to contact the buyer or seller by email , i will be ok , and ebay will not take any actions against me ? 
  thank you . 
  sounds reasonable . 
  italians . 
  last october , when ryanair launched those $ 5 flights , the entire city center suddenly started speaking italian . 
  it 's back to normal 50 % english , 50 % every other european languages , though . 
  one month subscription is about 190k gold right now , so you can basically pay the subscription with your time spent on gathering and stuff . 
  it is n't greatest design ever , but far from worst . 
  i emptied edelstein onyx bottle last year and have n't had any serious difficulties up until the last few ml .
