  steel ef is way too dry for my taste , though . 
  one day i put a wet cup on a sheet filled with notes in diamine cult pens deep dark brown . 
  it 's not a waterproof ink , so it was smudged at the place of impact . 
  but resulting wet cup circle looked exactly as if i spilled real coffee . 
  pelikan m200 or m205 . 
  get yourself a safari with broad nib and add their stub nibs as well . 
  it will be a lot of fun for a very moderate price . 
  one word : scan . 
  if the digital scan and its local copy and its cloud copy disappear , you will have an original on your hand . 
  if original will be flooded or burned , it will get to the manuscript 's haven : a very crowded and quite noble place since the fire of alexandria . 
  and you will have your digital copies handy . 
  lighter pens are better for long writing session . 
  the grip size and shape is more personal , but a classic round section 10 to 11 mm in diameter would be a good starting point . 
  i would recommend to avoid slender metal pens , and pens with slick polished sections in general . 
  soviet union was n't . 
  pilot petit 1 , pelikan twist, 
  i actually like them a lot . 
  a great alternative to rhodia . 
  fabriano is just about 80 % cheaper than rhodia in europe . 
  rhodia is probably massively overpriced outside of eu . 
  yes . 
  this is underpath to the inter expo center metro station . 
  edit : really cool place , btw . 
  8mm is minimum for me . 
  9mm ideal , but those are rare . 
  if you cancel before the end of the year , you 'll pay a fee -- some percentage of what remains unpaid till the end of the year . 
  if you open your store before month 1st , you will pay for the number of day left in the month , and for the whole next month , after that , the payments will be monthly . 
  openning a store does n't affect increase of limits . 
  if your limits was already increased in the last 30 days , you will have to wait those 30 days and ask for increase again . 
  or , if your performance is good , limits more likely will be increased automatically . 
  rhodia , clairefontaine , fabriano ecoqua , leuchtturm1917 to some degree ... 
  basically , you should look for the paper that handles well liquid ink . 
  so you will be totally fine with recommendations from the fountain pens community too . 
  spoiler : they worship tomoe river . 
  totally understand . 
  sorry for that . 
  it tends to feather with many fountain pen inks either ( pilot black , for example ) . 
  as i said , most inks do n't , but many do . 
  leuchtturm paper contains fibers that catches some inks and it looks like sporadic two-three millimeter long barbs on the letters . 
  you would only be able to enter numbers from i to x , if you will make it with some sort of a macros . 
  more complex software needed to convert conventional input into roman . 
  this is so lowtech . 
  they also removed the ability to manually set font size in terminal . 
  now you have to choose from the presets . 
  and they go 24 and the next one is 36 . 
  i used 28 on el capitan . 
  thank you . 
  last time ( like four or five years ago ) when i checked it out it was bloated with features . 
  is it better now ? 
  i know , but i always thought about about terminal emulator app as of an ... emulator of a terminal , console . 
  iterm is trying to be ui by itself . 
  it is not necessarily a bad thing , it just requires some time to learn and embrace the idea ( or ideology ) of this approach . 
  how ? 
  mine only has dropdown for font size . 
  leuchtturm is not unique in this regard . 
  another german brand -- brunen -- is also made exceptionally well , the cover and elastic band are even more quality , and better engineered . 
  but the paper is atrocious . 
  bet you can use it for blotting . 
  yes , exactly . 
  this dialogue now contains common dropdown list of predefined font sizes and there is no way to enter your own value with a keyboard . 
  * terminal ver . 
  it was possible in the old * fonts * window . 
  the new one contains dropdown list of predefined sizes . 
  if you start typing digits when it 's open , it will scroll through the presets that start with that digit . 
  however , i found a way to add a custom font size . 
  there is an * options * menu in the dialogue window and it contains * edit sizes * item . 
  there , in another dialogue window , a custom preset could be added . 
  after that terminal app should be closed and started again . 
  after restart the custom preset could be chosen from the dropdown list . 
  i am on 11 '' air . 
  may be it has different defaults for lower screen resolutions . 
  anyway , it was n't polite to not respect my settings from the el capitan . 
  [ and here is mine ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ywey7db.png ), 
  worked . 
  thank you . 
  worked . 
  thank you . 
  so you have left a negative feedback only because seller contacted you several times ? 
  there is a super affordable option : herlitz my.book flex . 
  not leather , plastic . 
  but it comes in standard sizes a5 and a4 . 
  and it is a great way to test the concept , would it work for you . 
  a4 could carry two notebooks and a5 -- only one . 
  however , it is possible to get additional bands and add another notebook . 
  you can find them on ebay . 
  is n't leuchtturm1917 already quite cheap ? 
  call the embassy first and schedule a meeting , either in the embassy or in the visa center they 'd suggest . 
  why do n't you buy online then . 
  it will be much cheaper for you . 
  $ 19 for a book and $ 10 for shipping is still less than $ 40 . 
  this is why i write my emails on paper and then retype them ( after the hours of editing ) . 
  is it possible to make advantage of it from outside us ? 
  for those who came to bujo after trying out dozens if not hundreds productivity apps the whole idea of digital bujo is kinda defeats the purpose . 
  install ubuntu on your desktop and it will serve you till the new mini will come out ( which could be easily another year or two ) . 
  french ruled is when the each line of 8mm is divided into four sections 2mm each . 
  often , slant rules added to assist proper slant when writing . 
  same model , same experience . 
  definitely , bifl . 
  install lts . 
  you would always be able to play with newer releases in virtual machine .
