  in the free market there is no such thing like wastes . 
  someone 's wastes is the someone 's raw materials . 
  russians have reanimated soviet style choice-less elections just yesterday . 
  trust them . 
  he is sucking his brain off, 
  you forgot about languages . 
  russians are kin on black and hate any kind of bright and even light colored clothing . 
  if you are n't wearing black , you are tend to stand out of the crowd . 
  so they showed ` no taxation without representation ' up these bustards ' asses . 
  i have one even easier : put a whole chicken on a 2-4 pounds of salt evenly spread over the oven-tray and bake in the oven till it cooked . 
  it 's called ` chicken on the beach ' . 
  are they going to hang it like those gays ? 
  very weighted and reasonable opinion . 
  you did n't get it . 
  it 's a matter of choice . 
  if you prefer rock solid things which are tactile pleasure to use , go for apple ( or high-end sony , toshiba , dell etc. 
  ) , but if you do n't mind some minor fixes , case cracks , pieces of plastic falling off , and love to duct tape things - acer and other cheap-ass products are just for you . 
  this is you who sound like an idiot when bashing someone else 's opinion . 
  there are ~ 600 000 of children fostered by the governmental institutions in the country where i live . 
  another half a million kids are homeless . 
  i feel it 's not right to give birth to your own kids in such situation . 
  down with wealthies !, 
  breakfast and late dinner here . 
  800-830 and 1900-2000 respectively . 
  and i like it , 
  great comic strips . 
  thank you . 
  i am eating raw bacon . 
  spanish , vacuum sealed . 
  it 's absolutely delicious . 
  and i 'm still alive . 
  no , germans , no !, 
  leave some sunlight for the third world countries , you greedy capitalist pigs ... 
  jamon is totally awesome but i personally do not think it will be a good idea to fry it . 
  the classic cured bacon is also extremely good and could be consumed both raw and baked . 
  the good drug dealer never do drugs he sells . 
  it sounds more like opinion rather than scientific research . 
  one of the most common comments there : '' `` you can use the weather widget to check the forecast '' ... . : - / you 're standing in front of a damn window !!!! '', 
  i 'm sorry , may be i do not have some basic skills , but ... how do you get the weather * forecast * by looking out of the window ? 
  the kitchen is for siri . 
  ipad 3 will crash your already outdated prototype in a matter of three months . 
  i read it in wolowitz mother voice, 
  top hat ftw !, 
  those corporations are selling their food products for money . 
  if the low carb products will be more profitable than hfcs ones , they will switch their production lines ( and marketing forces ) in no time . 
  and this wave will go deeper down the industry to the farms etc. 
  two on the working days : breakfast and dinner ;, 
  three on the weakends : late breakfast , early dinner and some late evening snacking, 
  eat it right away . 
  this shit is a half starch . 
  olives , black and green, 
  `` just because you realize that the one specific god you believe in does n't exist , does not mean that there 's no god at all . '', 
  is n't it should read like `` just because you realize that the one specific god you believe in does n't exist , does not mean that there are no other gods at all . '' ? 
  if there is one god , it means that if the one specific god does not exist , there is no god . 
  and if the one specific god does not exist but the god is here it means that there were at least two gods before it turned out that one of them does not exist . 
  products are much more complicated and hard to produce now than , lets say , 50k years ago . 
  then : take one rock and hit another rock with it until it 'll split the way you can cut things with it . 
  now : try to make an iphone by hitting one rock with another . 
  chinese are not only producing the hell lotta things , they are also buying hell lotta things now . 
  thanks to america ( and europe ) they are much more prosperous now . 
  and this is really good thing . 
  because i tend to believe that the more economy is going on -- the less place for a war . 
  very informative , thank you . 
  how many frightened traditionalists in the comments ... 
  a young brainwashed arab is much cheaper . 
  that 's why the atheists have no soul , 
  people tend to be picky in services they can do themselves . 
  but if you suck in electrics , every electrician will do it right for you ; same way every girl is at least good if not totally awesome in fellatio . 
  if you combine two brands of multivitamin complexes , chances are that you will overdose on some of mineral or vitamin that 's needed in vanishing quantities . 
  upvoted for the cod liver . 
  actually any fish liver ( canned is easy to find , and could be affordable if on sale ) is great , and tastes very good in salads . 
  she is also adored by the libertarians who are even greater enemies of the liberal atheists because they are refuse to warship modern religions like scientology and ` climate science ' too . 
  looks just like finland to me . 
  50 people was murdered on the charge of sorcery in the 2008 alone and they afraid this ` culture ' could vanish ... what a sick world . 
  kill it with fire ; and integrate the survivors , force-school their kids . 
  i 'd move to switzerland to work while the natives are enjoying their 6 weeks of vacation . 
  please , give me the visa . 
  however , most of the processes demands constant attention , on a day to day basis . 
  productivity wise , it 's more logical to cut work hours to 6 per day or even 4 , rather than make a one and half months of interruption . 
  it 's nice to bath in the hot springs when it snowing . 
  whitney houston sold her rights to sony . 
  so this is she who to blame . 
  neil tyson wo n't be amused . 
  actually , i can make an assumption that titanic was carrying at least 2 000 000 insects . 
  probably , billions , if you count the khm ... pubic lice too . 
  checked the weather on my three kilometers walk down to the office this morning . 
  sunday schools, 
  as a sidenote : i often hear here and there that the ketogenic diet not that profitable for the agriculture business as high-carb low-fat one . 
  but where do you supposed to get all those butter , meat and fat ? 
  from mars ? 
  last time i checked the local supermarket shelves , wheat flour was a dirt cheap . 
  it 's like ten times cheaper than the ground meat or butter . 
  how could it be less profitable ? 
  i got the stix with two sensitive pads , for ketones and sugar , in the next door drug store . 
  works the same way . 
  free bonus : seeing that sugars pad remains virgin yellow . 
  but it would be even colder if it was in fahrenheit ... 
  one day i ate like 600 grams of unshelled raw sunflower seeds ( i 'm still fighting my binge eating habits ) and it does n't kicked me out of ketosis . 
  same , now it 's my favorite way . 
  going to buy more suitable saucepan .
