  this airport is a city by itself . 
  it 's easy to get lost there . 
  firewall should do the trick . 
  ubuntu has ufw preinstalled . 
  welcome to the fantastic world of exchange rates . 
  your bank rate and paypal/ebay rates are different , hence the difference . 
  also , your bank may charge a fee for currency conversion . 
  hello . 
  i have new b in black . 
  are you in us ? 
  i am in europe . 
  us$ 8.95 for a nib + $ 1.60 for economy shipping ( + $ 2.70 for tracking , optional ) . 
  you are welcome . 
  i wish you get a great nib . 
  broads are awesome . 
  i live and work nearby . 
  often use the metrostation there and do last minute shopping in the billa ( it 's open till 23:00 ) . 
  judging from my experience , the op is exaggerating / overreacting a bit . 
  reality is not that bad . 
  those middle eastern people are not aggressive towards locals or european/asian foreigners , many of them look actually vulnerable . 
  and this entire spot has the highest concentration of police in the whole city . 
  why left to right ? 
  why the same punctuation ? 
  why the same color scheme ? 
  [ always ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/right-to-left ), 
  bulgaria with the cool guys too . 
  you have a choice between local brand and heineken . 
  true . 
  it is one of the most expensive fast food chains here . 
  m205 is definitely a workhorse . 
  the pen is light and compact , but the section is not narrow at all . 
  the ability to change the nibs very easily , and , in case of steel nibs , for a reasonable price , is a another big selling point for me . 
  my only wish is that pelikan would offer the same range of steel stubs as kaweco does . 
  speaking of steel nibs ( for m2xx ) it goes like this :, 
  * ef -- quite dry, 
  * f -- often dry , or rather dry-ish, 
  * m -- medium-wet, 
  * b -- definitely wet , wetter than most other brands, 
  * bb -- delightfully wet, 
  gold nibs for m40x are noticeably wetter . 
  this is from my limited experience . 
  pelikan 4001 -- the whole series is a definition of workhorse inks . 
  loom 's section could be slippery . 
  and you need a narrower faber-castell branded converter . 
  loom , basic , ambition , and ondoro are using the same nibs ( eventhough f-c sells spares with entire section assembly only ) . 
  those nibs looks very similar to standard number 5 nibs . 
  i successfully used basic 's nib on other # 5 pen . 
  but i have n't tried vice versa . 
  actually , rhodia makes soft cover a5 notebooks . 
  in [ rhodiarama ] ( https://rhodiapads.com/collections_boutique_rhodiarama_soft.php ) series . 
  for less bleeding and feathering on cheap paper choose ink that behaves good on bad paper . 
  the notable contenders are :, 
  * pelikan 4001 brilliant black or royal blue, 
  * lamy blue, 
  * many iron-gall inks like pelikan 4001 blue-black , r&k salix or scabiosa, 
  actually , internet was invented to make using other people 's ( other universities ' back then ) computers easy . 
  well , ubuntu 16.04 is rock solid unless you have some really obscure hardware . 
  and all the software from ubuntu repositories could be installed from their `` ubuntu software '' program . 
  rhodia has square le carre pads and reversible wirebound notebooks . 
  they come in 5mm graph or dot grid . 
  coincidentally , they have a large chunk of caspian sea shore -- the largest enclosed inland body of water on earth by area . 
  technically , everything bought in pompeii shortly before 79 ad was bifl . 
  rhodia has much more quality paper . 
  moleskine paper is , honestly , a garbage . 
  [ scribe market ] ( http://scribemarket.com ) has quite a good selection of ink samples . 
  all the caran d'ache fps i have were characterized by the very slender section and a very dry ( but still very smooth ) nib . 
  these ones looks like they will be priced at the same level as now discontinued dunas series . 
  $ 55 without vat . 
  next level is ecridor at $ 140 + . 
  the most affordable gold nib model is l\u00e9man for about $ 350 . 
  you are right . 
  it will also stop some humans . 
  something i would like to avoid . 
  thank you for suggestion . 
  i will keep it in mind . 
  yes . 
  but the west can give shelter for the persecuted . 
  the borders are still open . 
  paypal will hold your money for 21 days until you work out some credibility . 
  if you will hold the shipping for this long the buyer would be able to open inr case . 
  another linux in the office environment lpt : libreoffice 's headless mode is freaking amazing . 
  there is native os x command line utility for stuff like this . 
  works very well too . 
  you are right . 
  still better than windows , though . 
  libreoffice could be started without gui and do all sorts of convertions . 
  like convert hundreds of . docx files into . pdf files in a second . 
  command line is faster and subjectively more convenient, 
  nice try , hackers . 
  yes, 
  plot twist : he turned himself in to avoid acute led poisoning . 
  if you refunds your customer you lose $ 0.35 fixed part of paypal 's fee , the rest of the fee will be returned to your account . 
  thank you . 
  wizzair could be quite affordable . 
  travelled last week for $ 25 round trip . 
  honestly , i have n't noticed any significant difference in prices between romania and bulgaria . 
  if $ 800 would be ok for you in bucharest , it would be the same experience in sofia . 
  in eu countries there is a limit of $ 22 ( or equivalent in local currency ) . 
  everything under that limit goes straight to the customer 's mailbox .
