  radishes are more than ok , a perfect snack or a nice side dish . 
  yeah , it 's almost impossible to eat just a handful of almonds . 
  once , i ( practically alone ) have depleted the next-door groceries store 's stock of raw almonds . 
  mood . 
  it 's much more better and much more stable . 
  also , i have much more patience , tolerance and even love for the puny humans now , 
  khajits from the daggerfall , they were ugly in morrowind . 
  yep, 
  why mistake ? 
  it could be better to buy eggs in the next door store ... 
  fresher they will be . 
  it 's ron paul who does . 
  yeah , sour cream is like a cake now . 
  fuck the poli ... oh , wait !, 
  we are the police . 
  that 's because they are promoting the russian orthodox church as a state religion . 
  cleaning up the space from the competition . 
  it will . 
  however , exercises are needed . 
  not any particular , but the pretty general ones . 
  [ domesticated foxes ] ( http://paradoxoff.com/domesticated-foxes.html ) are not that rare anymore . 
  they are quite a trend for the last few years , i 'd say . 
  it 's only right if the marriage is the goal . 
  sleep more , wake up naturally , without alarm . 
  lol , my boss does n't speak english , 
  and get the permanent draught in wherever you live . 
  so you 're paying $ 43700, 
  and mitt romney is paying $ 2800000, 
  if the system was just , mitt romney should be getting 64 times more service from the government than you . 
  the watch !, 
  love it a lot , but wearing it on a nato strap right now . 
  [ here ] ( http://vk7.org/860 ) the other pics . 
  but if you are paying full price for the expired product , you are an idiot ... 
  lol , those people did n't knew that they are living in america . 
  they have [ jdm models ] ( http://c-watch.co.jp/ww/pmx562811.html ) which are also cool . 
  they are quality nice dress watches . 
  thank you . 
  yes , it looks like it was designed this little citizen . 
  for running , i got myself casio w800 . 
  it 's super lightweight , nice soft plastic band , big digits , nice stop watch feature , and it can fit in your budget the whole five times , if you will order it online . 
  no they are . 
  sometimes , some humans do the terrible things . 
  and we are not alone . 
  some chimps do the horrible things to other chimps too . 
  buy them . 
  there are a lot of sellers on the black hat forums . 
  well , if they got 500k , apple got something about 175k . 
  what about them returning this money ? 
  ah , that makes apple and amazon the good guys . 
  idk . 
  but you can find those blackhat forums if you really need to know . 
  it 's not simple since they are mostly closed ones with some kind of invite-only systems . 
  thank you for the great informative reply . 
  i will follow your advice and see . 
  thank you . 
  however i 'm having hard times finding coconut oil here in europe , let alone almond milk :(, 
  oh , i 'll try to look in this direction . 
  oh , that 's good for britain . 
  i almost got used to the fact that nobody cares about the victims . 
  i saw cosmetics grade coconut oil in such shops . 
  but it has `` for external use only '' writing on the package . 
  welcome to the noosphere . 
  god only knows how i hated such towers in computer games, 
  geckos are indeed [ adorable ] ( http://paradoxoff.com/cute-geckos.html ), 
  are n't all geckos exceptionally good climbers due to their paws ' special skin structure ? 
  yeah , number 4 over there looking much bigger than the average gecko, 
  her compatriots are gon na kill you , 
  skagen are nice dress quartz watches . 
  i have owned two of them . 
  nice mesh bracelets , easy to read dial . 
  the women 's version is not monocoque , it has a usual back . 
  citizen stiletto is way better . 
  it 's thinner and solar powered . 
  it 's true about 3 times more expensive , however it 's easy to find some for about $ 180 . 
  the leather band ? 
  any third-party one will fit . 
  and the thin steel bracelet is better , imho . 
  work harder . 
  a lot of stuff like this [ here ] ( http://paradoxoff.com/animals-driving.html ) ... 
  this is why government-subsidized health care looks like a scum . 
  it cost two billions but we can offer it to you for a mere three hundreds . 
  they have told me i could be anything ... 
  so i become a tree . 
  it will take several days . 
  the same old 2012 as we know it . 
  because it ca n't be reverse engineered till at least early 70 's . 
  the person who would found it would think it 's old rubber toy hardened from age . 
  facsimile machines . 
  my company still uses three or four of them . 
  as an sysadmin i hate it and hate them all . 
  excuse me , ambassador of the future , but what bright technology have replaced the watch ? 
  how one supposed to tell time without pulling cell phone out of pocket and turning on the screen ? 
  i 'm glad we have no messenger-pigeons . 
  cleaning the bird shit would be nasty . 
  i love [ mine ] ( https://lh3.googleusercontent.com/-mpjfhtqkgrs/tvvgnq5m4hi/aaaaaaaac3e/u8uhzfnethe/s912/photo.jpg ), 
  omg 20 years !!, 
  ! 111one, 
  i have never seen a dead led light bulb yet . 
  why does philips marketing guys think that 20 years is longer than average life span of a led lightbulb , not shorter actually ? 
  looks gorgeous .
