  i was convinced that every japanese paper has an article about robots in it . 
  [ meanwhile , in the lenovo headquarters ] ( http://memesvault.com/wp-content/uploads/i-have-no-idea-what-im-doing-dog-01.jpg ) . 
  this is one of the brightest turquoise on the market . 
  and the flow is good . 
  yes , opportunities like these should never be missed . 
  this is bad . 
  i wo n't open these bottles up until i will be totally sure i will use them up entirely . 
  just a precaution to avoid any chance of contamination . 
  edit : grammar, 
  these two were without their boxes . 
  spent at least two years on the shelf , under artificial light . 
  so , may be they have changed somehow as well . 
  well , paper and cotton are quite similar . 
  what 's permanent on one will be permanent on another . 
  pelikan 4001 black is water resistant ( but not bulletproof ) and works very good on cheap paper . 
  though , i do n't know if it will come off of clothes easily . 
  after all , with the more or less modern fountain pens the chance of spillage is minimal . 
  anyway , this and parker quink black are basically the definition of the school/work blacks . 
  [ yes ] ( http://kwzink.com/language/en/about-kwz-ink/about-him/ ), 
  cool !, 
  how does it compares to the modern inks ? 
  this was smart . 
  / r/fountainpens stuff, 
  those are totally worth the money splurged . 
  can recommend [ this ebay seller ] ( http://stores.ebay.com/fpnibs/ ) . 
  bought a nib from them . 
  if not rfid , guests would stole 7500 towels from them ? 
  i call it a bullshit . 
  quality bath towels cost about $ 2 a piece wholesale . 
  $ 15k on the towels alone would be a huge overshot even for a very large hotel complex . 
  makes sense . 
  but the number of thefts should be really high anyway . 
  my bank scolded me for using fountain pen once , and for using my own violet gel pen the other time . 
  they insist on using their ballpoints that always either out of ink or mechanically broken . 
  always have to ask the clerk for the working one . 
  lamy and any other stiff nibs work pretty good . 
  and gel pens work with carbon copies just as good as ballpoints . 
  ikea has a wide assortment of boxes that look good and easy to organize . 
  those are mostly the same . 
  the fines and mediums are different , but japanese and western broads are comparable save for a few exceptions like pilot 78g ( its broad is actually a stub ) . 
  surprisingly enough , people do n't seem to gravitate towards those 10 % of everything , but spread quite evenly . 
  it is kinda motivational . 
  it does open flat . 
  i am using one for my commonplace book for two and a half years by now ( on the page 158 right now ) . 
  this is the sturdiest notebook i have ever used . 
  they also grow higher . 
  which kinda gives a hint that they were not thin but malnourished . 
  throwing hard drives and ssd 's into [ this baby ] ( https://youtu.be/7aoc8tovbwi?t=31 ) . 
  pelikan 4001 brilliant black behaves the best on a cheap paper . 
  lamy black is close second . 
  looks like you are a fan of reliable things . 
  those are the only pens i need . 
  [ here is the cheapest ] ( http://www.pelikanpens.co.uk/ ) in the eu . 
  they are very good . 
  if you use medium or broader , you would probably be totally ok with a steel nib . 
  if you want f or ef , investing in gold nib could bring considerably more writing pleasure . 
  acquiring tonnes of pens while counting cents per ml or per page is totally pointless . 
  try pens that write effortlessly , with little to no pressure , like high-quality rollerballs , felt-tip pens or even fountain pen . 
  work on your '' \u043b '' . 
  it should be easily distinguishable , visually separated from a `` tail '' of preceding letter . 
  i do hold my pen the same way when rearranging those loads of stuff on my desk . 
  nothing to be proud of , yeah . 
  still happens from time to time . 
  does razer count ? 
  this guy would literally explode five minutes into russia . 
  you can replace the rubber bezel . 
  ask your local official distributor or a watch geeks ' forums . 
  diamine jet black will fix even the driest pens . 
  rhodia classic staple-bound a7 journals is sturdy , thin , and fit any pocket . 
  is it ecridor , right ? 
  gorgeous pen , very well made . 
  i used one for a year . 
  their steel nibs are exceptionally smooth but on the dry side of spectrum . 
  not many , surprisingly . 
  i 've checked * the pen shop * last september and they did n't have any special/limited editions inks . 
  just a few the most well known brands like montblanc/waterman/parker . 
  the prices are not really appealing either . 
  overpriced ? 
  nah , just british . 
  this winter i 've been to * the pen shop * in manchester ( and actually found it to have a better selection than its london 's counterpart ) . 
  i paid # 8 ( about $ 12 ) for a bottle of waterman absolute brown there . 
  for comparison , last year in moscow 's sheremetievo airport i grabbed a bottle of waterman florida blue for $ 3.50 . 
  now entire internet knows you are a dog . 
  when using 5mm grid or dot grid you are not supposed to use every line . 
  only every second , or every third if you right big . 
  the same applies to the 5mm and 6mm rullings . 
  webbies are great , you ca n't go wrong . 
  but if you want white paper you can look at rhodia classic staplebound notebooks . 
  they are only 96 pages but sturdy enough for daily carry and almost ten times cheaper ( 4-5 times cheaper per page ) . 
  dot grid was added this year and only available in black cover , though . 
  check bb nibs , they are almost every time have a relatively huge ball of tipping material on them . 
  below $ 60 you can find them from kaweco , but those are prone to baby bottoms , so be prepared to do some tuning . 
  generally , you need a hardcover journal . 
  they differ in quality though . 
  personally , i can vouch for rhodia webnotebook and rhodiarama -- their build quality is top notch . 
  pelikan 4001 brilliant black and pelikan 4001 blue black both have a very decent water resistance . 
  to lesser extent , you can be not afraid of a few stray raindrops or a spilled glass of water with the following :, 
  * montblanc midnight blue ( new , non-iron-gall ), 
  * caran d'ache magnetic blue, 
  * diamine grey,
