   korben dallas : negative , i am a meat popsicle . 
  amazon.de is now in english . 
  i think that you will have to hassle with putting this thing into a plastic bag in the airport is even bigger disadvantage than its price . 
  it is a water dyed with lamy turquoise . 
  basic will push your price range , but it is worth it . 
  last time in luton they took my little wheel of bri out of my backpack . 
  i would n't trust them with something more expensive . 
  rhodia classic stapplebound a5 and a4 . 
  the best bang for a euro . 
  the icon for `` forgive others '' makes me uncomfortable . 
  it means something completely opposite . 
  definitely not forgiveness . 
  the pen shop in the city . 
  they have standard issue montblanc inks and some more . 
  nothing fancy , though . 
  address : 8-9 leadenhall market , london ec3v 1lr , united kingdom, 
  i use it occasionally because it only comes as the pads and i do prefer classic stitched or staple-bound books . 
  it is ivory in color , unlike the common 80g rhodia paper , more thin , but evidently more dense and more slick . 
  i would love to have rhodia classic with this paper . 
  it holds any inks perfectly well . 
  though , i can see how the impression of any sheen and sparkles could be altered by the ivory color of the paper itself . 
  you can try to fit it into parker . 
  the writing desk ( uk ), 
  lol , the pen is mightier than sword . 
  my funniest montblanc boutique story is from the moscow 's sheremetievo airport . 
  when i asked the sales lady if they have any limited edition inks , she answered that they are not selling standard issue ones either because montblanc have n't provided them with food safety certificate . 
  two hundred of them were made . 
  i was waiting two months for mine to arrive ( pre-ordered early ) . 
  the rainbow acrylic is stunning , and the filling mechanism is surprisingly practical despite being literally ages old . 
  steel nib writes fantastically smooth , though , mostly due to being extremely wet rather than polished . 
  replaced myself on the rembrandt . 
  spare visconti extra-fine nibs are hard to find . 
  jowo is also twice cheaper . 
  this extra-fine nib is on the dry side . 
  it only lays a good amount of ink when a little pressure applied . 
  millennium arc line is so far the cheapest among all the tubular nib equipped viscontis . 
  where all the businesses are ? 
  where do people eat and buy essentials on this street ? 
  residential areas often have little caf\u00e9s and groceries shops here and there . 
  how did you manage to press the shutter button right in that millisecond between the dawn and the sunset ? 
  i keep 128gb sandisk cruzer fit in my 11 '' . 
  sticks out for about 5mm , but never catch anything in my backpack . 
  serves great as the second drive , effectively doubling my mb air disk space . 
   faber castell stone grey, 
  is actually not . 
  it is somewhat water resistant , but not nearly as permanent as the noodler 's bulletproof inks . 
  they call it `` document '' ink because it behaves very good on a cheap paper . 
  looks wonderful and very secure . 
  guess , you can even drop it off the table without much damage to the pens . 
  you have a very neat handwriting . 
  i liked how generous your spaces between the words are . 
  it makes the whole wall of text look more readable . 
  way to go !, 
  it took me two years to empty just six . 
  yes , it is a joy , indeed . 
  the ink is visconti turquoise . 
  check the iron-gall inks . 
  especially , the ones from rohrer und klingner . 
  i found scabiosa to be very good on cheap paper . 
  makrolon safari . 
  all brushed steel studio . 
  accent with the makrolon section . 
  yes , it came in a box with a 30ml bottle of the yellow highlighting ink which i did n't opened yet , since i do n't do any highlightings usually . 
  otherwise , as far as i understand , this is the normal m205 , beta-carotene-pee-colored ( which is not that bad as it sounds ) . 
  the bb nib is not very broad . 
  just a tad wider than visconti smartouch broad with the same ink . 
  practically the same width as kaweco bb and lamy 1.1 mm stub at its widest . 
  i can use it comfortably in the rhodia classic 's 8mm lines . 
  it shines in the 5mm square ruling , where there a whole centimeter is at your disposal . 
  everything more cramped would be way too cramped , though . 
  but i use lined and squared rhodia classic almost exclusively . 
  with the cartridge/converter seat instead of the piston . 
  limited edition lime green z26 converter supplied . 
  the one on the picture -- pelikan m205 duo . 
  men in the same position get it harder . 
  the amount of bullying in this area is ridiculous . 
  the price is negotiate-able . 
  you are wearing your jacket upside down . 
  yes , $ 115 is the price adjusted . 
  the pen is all metal and reasonably heavy . 
  but it also quite slender . 
  the balance is comfortable . 
  shhh !, 
  tsa could hear you !, 
  the paper is quite absorbent . 
  a minor exposure to the slightly blow zero temperatures should be ok in most of the cases . 
  however , if there is a chance the ink will be exposed to the temperatures like -20 \u00b0 c and lower for any significant time , even if the vial will stay intact , it could affect the ink properties . 
  even a few cartridges are way too cheap to justify the shipping , unfortunately . 
  you are lucky . 
  i bought moleskine once and i can say without any doubts that it was the most poor quality paper i ever held in my hands . 
  thank you . 
  i will think about it . 
  and this is why i am insisting on the whole lot . 
  if i would sell them separately , i would have to put a higher price tag on the interesting stuff , and much lower price for the less interesting ones , like pelikan 's royal blue or schneiders . 
  it is $ 45 . 
  the advertising on the wall behind it says `` traveling with us is care free '', 
  yes it was . 
  i just changed my mind . 
  well , it 's the little things mostly . 
  the section concaves a little bit too much for my taste .
