  it 'll be like 60-80fps on good settings . 
  encountered this a couple of times when using icloud 's web frontend . 
  however , it was n't that bad . 
  probably , all we need is to wait till apple will fix it . 
  however , to make it happen sooner we need to report this bug to them . 
  more reports -  more attention to this issue . 
  the going to die thing is actually true , though . 
  wow is quite cpu dependent , especially in the crowded areas . 
  they will update both 13 '' and 15 '' rmbps with haswell cpu ( and graphics in case of 13 '' ) closer to this summer . 
  tons of people would kill to have your skin . 
  if you feel the urge to tidy up your apartment , play some tetris , it will help . 
  i actually see ios as a mature operating system . 
  the fact that there are no major overhaul from version to version i would explane by this maturity . 
  i like it . 
  ball of shit ? 
  lol , as if the ww2 was n't a ball of shit, 
  like five years before . 
  in 1950 there were no people who remembered such a distant past , for sure . 
  reminded me of http://paradoxoff.com/frost-and-water.html, 
  i know enough about wwii to know that today 's world far more civilized and humane . 
  does she knew something different ? 
  six million of my people an forty million of my other people were murdered during wwii . 
  how does it compares to the ruanda genocide or balkan crisis of the 90s , let alone modern atrocities ? 
  school shootings is a crime committed by a man or two , three men , not the whole societies . 
  your grandma feels sorry about family business ? 
  does she feel sorry for isolationist policy , for hanging black people , for cheering hitler for invading those pesky polaks ? 
  a place does n't need to be a country , kid . 
  sorry , i fed the troll . 
  some apple products are cheaper than windows pcs in the long term ( over two years ) . 
  linux pcs could at least as much pricy if you calculate the cost of deployment . 
  they do not think . 
  they are just afraid of you . 
  hint : the blood is inside . 
  diablo will run perfectly well on the mid-2012 15 '' . 
  as well as wow . 
  that 's mostly modern first person shooters that are apply . 
  classics for the win . 
  in 5 years nobody wo n't understand what 's wrong with this screenshot . 
  sips, 
  finegrind some roasted almonds in a blender and mix the powder with full fat creme fraiche . 
  add some cacao powder if you like it chocolate . 
  $ 22 for broadband ( 39mbps , but some connectivity issues on evenings ) , $ 10 for 3g ( speed and network availability sucks so much it does n't even meter it has a 4gb cap , however , it 's still super awesome to have internet almost anywhere in the city ), 
  and the money saved were put into windows licenses ... 
  still , you are not allowed to make people silent . 
  meter , center , etc. 
  is more logical and somewhat more beautiful . 
  however , i 'm not american , not even a native english speaker . 
  why have you needed 5.25 '' fdd in 1996 ? 
  also , $ 3000 ? 
  i bought pentium 100 , 16mb ram , 800mb hdd and 15 '' samsung monitor all for a tiny over a $ 1000 in the september of 1996 . 
  is your insurance good enough for skin transplantation fees ? 
  if yes , frostbites hurt like hell . 
  [ naga ] ( http://vitalikovalenko.com/2012/razer-naga-hex-initial-review.html ) is not for everyone . 
  ha , and you say russia is freezing cold !, 
  we only have had -26 c this winter so far . 
  they do it to dodge taxes and get subsidies . 
  they are no better than starbucks , or amazon , or google . 
  this is the politics of awe : you are allowed to kill anyone as long as you are doing it cute . 
  they are copying palestinians ' business model . 
  threats in exchange for the money . 
  omg !!!, 
  you got me swarovsky crystals encrusted lamborghini galardo !, 
  you 're so awesome ! 1 love you much !, 
  this is the perfect guild name . 
  not really . 
  people who use adblock never click on the ads , they just do not consider ads as a worthy source of information . 
  as a site owner myself ( though , my website is really small ) i do not think adblock makes any harm to publishers . 
  those people would n't click on ads anyway , but with the ads blocking software they would still visit a site , and spread the word occasionally . 
  this is in switzerland . 
  [ here is the story ] ( http://news.nationalpost.com/2012/02/10/its-cold-in-europe-so-cold-a-swiss-guy-put-a-wood-stove-in-his-volvo/ ) . 
  bulgarian ad agency ( [ they are smart ] ( http://paradoxoff.com/beer-case-bag.html ) ) made an ad for bulgarian vodka . 
  how does it imply russia ? 
  that 's why there are dairy products . 
  op is the dog . 
  you are lucky not being down-voted straight into hell . 
  people here hate ketards , 
  well , actually , keto implies choosing full-fat products over the `` healthy '' low-fat ones , bacon and cheaper cuts over the lean meat etc. . . 
  so it 's probably easier on proteins than any non-vegetarian variety based diet . 
  this is how new-yorkers are calling next-door groceries stores ? 
  ( sorry , only knew a spanish meaning of this word before ), 
    these tips will not reduce their need for help with printers . 
  those things are hopeless . 
  this . 
  thousand times this . 
  spoiler alert !, 
  i do too : [ but without sugar ] ( http://www.igourmet.com/images/productslg/paladin.jpg ), 
  squares are just right . 
  two words : maintenance free . 
  taxation is actually opposite to capitalism . 
  teamwork is voluntary . 
  taxation is not . 
  actually , the peer pressure in the apartment blocks is far lower than in the villages like the prised american-style suburbia . 
  people tend to care less if you are different , because there are way to much different people to care about uniformity . 
  that 's how you learn not to fear thy neighbors . 
  they are not , you just ca n't percept the details . 
  why saddest ? 
  the tall buildings are inspiring . 
  furthermore , keeping in mind that they are the houses for the general public and not the powerful corporations , is making it even more inspiring . 
  this is why they can afford apartments in such buildings - they are working hard . 
  all you need to do is to drop automatically pre-sorted correspondence to the appropriate post boxes on the first floor .
