it looks like the bat is getting more food than the guy in white shirt . 
  i wonder how their boyfriends look like . 
  they would be either terminators with the balls of steel or really timid henpecked pussies . 
  thank you , fixed . 
  bike, 
  on dec 26 the day length in minutes begins to decline in the southern hemisphere - this is beginning of the summer 's end , pretty sad day , actually . 
  vodka right from the bottle would be much healthier . 
  usually they did n't notice that they depend on some guy until they fired him . 
  why nothing ? 
  there are a lot of things to celebrate : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/december_24, 
  good for you . 
  and , btw , this is great job . 
  looks more like bear form, 
  she 's a fake and most probably not female at all . 
  just a russian spammer whoring for links or carma or whatever . 
  it 's not europe over there - it 's belarus . 
  in the north east europe almost anyone do this . 
  most probably because of this case : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/leon_trotsky#assassination, 
  excuse me , officer ? 
  did n't you just said my penis is way too sharp ? 
  agree, 
  it 's pretty ok in germany :, 
  there are 17 kilometers of border between russia and north korea . 
  here a lot of pictures from this place :, 
  even the most metric countries have some imperial measurements . 
  here in the eastern europe we have all plumbing fitting come in 1/2 , 2/3 , 1 or 3/2 inches in diameter . 
  only 50mm or wider pipes are measured in millimeters . 
  a lot of other such things are also in inches . 
  also , there are a lot of things ( like the ethernet cable , for instance ) measured in feet and meters simultaneously . 
  100 % true, 
  i have named my first wifi network ` constellation ' five years ago . 
  changed six different apartments and a couple of routers since that time but never changed the name . 
  just because i really hate traditionalism . 
  there is no difference , actually :p, 
  why do you want to live longer ? 
  so you need something to kill time waiting for 30 , and than singularity . 
  sounds pretty pathetic , tbh . 
  just like honda and toyota !, 
  less than $ 375 means less than 1406.25, 
  it 's funny how they are recommending juice over the sugary drinks . 
  the most healthiest juices are still more than 500 kcal per liter , and 99 % of it is sugar . 
  this story is for russian domestic consumption . 
  us/world should n't pay any attention . 
  i mean 99 % of calories come from sugar . 
  water bring no calories at all . 
  afp are not , but putin is . 
  do n't you think he is serious ? 
  he 's just trying to earn some political points before the 2012 elections . 
  minimum what ? 
  caption says `` less than $ 375 '' so $ 1,406.25 is the ** maximum **, 
  if it less than $ 375 per sq. 
  meter per year , it ca n't be greater than $ 1,406.25 for 45 sq. 
  meters apartment per month, 
  is it me or benny hill theme makes anything extremely hilarious ? 
  arithmetics , it never fails me . 
  how did you managed to build such a strong economy with so much socialists all around . 
  watch your weight . 
  i gained 12 kilos in a year after this . 
  one thousand times yes !, 
  two rabbits with one shot !, 
  how sensual !, 
  cultural differences , aha . 
  it 's like between 100 and 0 . 
  you are totally right . 
  there is no moral in `` this vinyl cover fell off '' , 
  furthermore , it is the part of the wall fell off and brought down the cover . 
  thank you . 
  in any given moment in time , yes . 
  but sooner or later ... 
  today i learned a new word : dress-up-a-turd . 
  thank you . 
  masher = mechanical washer, 
  hmmm ... is it pornostar promotion video ? 
  i just do not understand . 
  we are living ten years into the xxi century and any school kid can remove every single acne from his/her skin using his/her portable computer or even a phone . 
  why ca n't we use a portion of the globe 90 % of times we need to publish a portion of map ? 
  have you been eaten ? 
  yours whose ? 
  she is running with scissors . 
  well , the most amazing thing is that it 's still functioning after being drugged through the snow back and forth . 
  at least this feature undoubtedly will be useful in the real life applications . 
  however , the ability to withstand the bb gun fire would appeal to some texans , 
  * dragged, 
  also , `` penis '' is latin for phallus . 
  8 years ago i met a girl in the internet . 
  we were talking about different things for a month or so and finally she has asked me out . 
  i was young and poor , so i spent all my money on a pack of condoms and a chocolate bar , and was not able to afford a taxi . 
  the girl lived 10 kilometers away , on the other side of the river and when i get there by feet it was already 2 a.m. . she was waiting for me . 
  we were chatting almost every night for the month or so and when we finally met irl it turned out that we have discussed all the things . 
  we have walked a little towards the river bank . 
  she brought a towel with her . 
  i decided that she wanted to swim in the river , but she showed me a secluded place under the bridge . 
  she spread the blanked and the month of chatting started to pay off . 
  i live pretty far north , so it 's never too dark in summer here . 
  but it has become pretty light around , like about 5 a.m. when we heard the steps and the smalltalk from the bushy pathway not far from where we were using our third and last condom . 
  the girl panicked a little but i just started hammering her harder and faster . 
  it were three fishermen . 
  they were noticed us but followed further to the river laughing and making jokes about what they have seen . 
  the girl relaxed and we continued , but in a minute or two another noise grabbed our attention . 
  it were the trucks , the ones with the water tanks and the rotating brushes on them to clean the pavement .
