  only at this point i have noticed the pair of huge brightly colored valves not far from our no more solitude place . 
  we decided not to be naked with the bunch of motorized janitors tugging hoses all around , so we have had to stop , put our closes on and left . 
  [ skiltron ] ( http://www.skiltron.net/ ), 
  and this is undoubtedly the only case where this british troll 's quote is totally appropriate . 
  mad skills, 
  it is the flag of china people 's republic . 
  bashkirs are not russian . 
  different nationalities and different families . 
  russians are balto-slavic and the bashkirs are asians just like mongolians . 
  this is the [ panagiotis ] ( http://paradoxoff.com/panagiotis.html ), 
  oh , i think you are right . 
  because they shit on other people, 
  yeah , you know , sometimes it 's really hard to be the host and the parasite in the same time . 
  the new default background from the os x lion . 
  we were throwing the powder actuated nail gun ammo into the fire . 
  like this : http://img04.static-nextag.com/image/hilti-22-caliber-yellow/1/000/007/249/163/724916383.jpg, 
  one day one of these things flew just in a centimeter above my head . 
  being stinky is an offense . 
  stupid people have much more free time . 
  they have the rivals in soviet russia . 
  actually , that 's the good point . 
  the fact that something good could be created using the stolen money does not justify the stealing . 
  made to kill those who are forever alone . 
  everyday washing is undoubtedly an overkill , but they just wo n't last clean enough for more than five days of constant wearing . 
  well , may be a week at most . 
  it seems you have never worked doing something creative for a company , on a paycheck . 
  because if you have , you would probably knew that you can be astoundingly supernovabrightly creative but your douche bag boss could ruin everything . 
  why did she drinking window cleaner ? 
  well , actually , the ideology started the wwii . 
  it 's pretty close to religion but not practically the same . 
  i would n't talk for hitler , but stalin , mao and pol pot were , indeed , atheists , but , in the same time , totally fucked up with ideologies ( surprisingly close to each other and incorporating sacrifices for the greater good ) . 
  macs are soooo expensive !!, 
  in my experience , `` mature adults '' are way too infantile . 
  that margin is hogged by the windows price . 
  the damn thing cost more than the whole office atom-based pc . 
  dude , cmd + shift +4 and than space, 
  and yeah , nice job !, 
  sell it on ebay , it should cost a lot by now . 
  it 's not private , pretty much public . 
  and with the story behind : http://paradoxoff.com/panagiotis.html, 
  god , this thing is awesome ... but unhealthy as hell . 
  this is impossible :(, 
  i would n't even try . 
  yes . 
  apparently , i 'm not the one who can stand for my opinion . 
  you 're speaking like those jews ... 
  yep , i 'm a jerk . 
  it 's not the christians who are to blame , it 's muslims , al-shabab , to be precise . 
  is n't the purpose the religious term . 
  stop buying chocolate . 
  starve those bastards down !, 
  shooting each other with ak-47 's, 
  look for norwegian or swedish brands . 
  thai and chinese are way too traditional . 
  eat liver ( beef liver is more tasty than a swine one ) instead of meat sometimes . 
  never tried it :( i 'm from europe , there are n't a lot of buffaloes roam here . 
  sheldon , is it you ? 
  become tasty . 
  you probably should n't snack while inside ... 
  is n't the red cabbage the sweetest of all cabbages ? 
  wolfram alpha [ says ] ( http://www4b.wolframalpha.com/calculate/msp/msp57919hhi444cge0g51c00004d9cce1eh9fgc1d3?mspstoretype=image/gif&amp;s=55&amp;w=285&amp;h=489 ) it 's like 4g of sugars per 100g . 
  and 100g is less than a fistful :(, 
  she probably meant that adding 5g of carbs to your daily carb allowance every seven days will help you to determine how much carbs you can eat . 
  well , the primary goal of keto and any other low gi/low carbs diet is to make you more sensitive to insulin . 
  and it proved to be working . 
  he 's a pig , not a cat, 
  you should showed one of the torches up his ass . 
  on the second thought , may be better two . 
  give me all you broccoli !, 
  nothing look nicer than a pair of running shoes . 
  actually , there is the answer for this question . 
  the same reason america stayed at low voltage when the europe has converted to ( more economically reasonable ) ~ 220, 
  i am just lifting dumbbells while queuing for heroics and such . 
  and i thing the upcoming raid finder will give me even more time to gain some muscles . 
  you , sir , are the voice of the reason itself . 
  lets prohibit cartoons . 
  people could still believe in cartoon 's reality as well as in the reality of the any other image . 
  those bones were buried by satan to turn of people from the god , 
  oh , i can see it now . 
  thank you . 
  dude , for god 's sake , do n't play hockey . 
  get a frying pan with a glass cover . 
  do n't tell people you are japanese , tell them you are from japan . 
  nationalism is a very bad thing . 
  he would n't listen . 
  i tasted yogurt with the chopped pickles and dill not so long ago . 
  unusual but not as bad as it 's ingredients list looks like . 
  develop a taste for expensive chinese tea . 
  there are thousands of different kinds of it available . 
  it 's called homonym . 
  nothing extraordinary . 
  just the word ` diet ' that has a couple of quite different meanings . 
  bitches love rapists, 
  us citizenship, 
  this case will be perfectly clear if you assume that the judge and the prosecutors are pedophiles . 
  america is kind of ok when comparing to the other 99 % of the countries . 
  99 % of other governments are failing even worser . 
  have you ever tried to cut off someones head with an axe ? 
  it 's not that easy , it 's quite complicated , i 'd say . 
  the best way to kill someone with an axe is to crush someone 's skull with the axe 's poll ( not the blade !,
