  this is not a radio controlled watch , just a lucky quartz . 
  the precision is not really phenomenal -- i actually pressed the shutter button at the end of a second . 
  in reality , the watch runs about three quarters of a second slow . 
  so , it 's about a whole -1 second a year . 
  this is really awesome for 2824, 
  i love mechanical watches too . 
  but after scratching mineral crystals of two watches in a row in less than a year on my old day job ( system administrator ) i decided to get something more rugged . 
  mechanical watches are from another league . 
  it is pointless to compare them with quartz for timekeeping . 
  enable taps . 
  \u00b1 5 + seconds a day , as far as i know . 
  never had eta watch myself , love japanese , myota and orient . 
  this is quartz watch , you do n't need to change the time to change dsl or time zone . 
  not really . 
  most quartz watches guarantee \u00b1 20 seconds a month . 
  better quality quartz watches guarantee \u00b1 15 seconds a month . 
  high end stuff like citizen chronomaster and grand seiko promise \u00b1 5 seconds a year , and \u00b1 10 seconds a year respectively . 
  also , rechargeable battery of g5600e works on average for 12 + years . 
  yes , just pure luck , as i stated . 
  and , may be , a little bit of wearing it 24/7 . 
  ... or dirt cheap . 
  you are lucky . 
  i saw chinese casio rip-off that was in +30 seconds a month region . 
  it was like $ 0.99 though . 
  yeah . 
  latest eco drives batteries are expected to last for 40 years . 
  on the other hand , casio and seiko use the standard rechargeable batteries which are easy to find and replace . 
   and sucks power in a way that unix-based oses do n't . 
  honestly , in my experience , windows 8.1 is on par with ubuntu 13.10 in terms of power saving . 
  thinkpads are lovely machines , though they are more expensive than airs and non-retina mbps . 
  high-end hardware lasts at least twice as longer as the modern $ 400 crapbooks . 
  so this is actually a wise decision . 
  that 's because os x use some sort of a magic . 
  run ubuntu on the same machine and you will see that the battery life will be more or less the same as for the windows 8.1 . 
  and saudi arabia ... 
  and peace and tolerance in africa ... 
  russians were oppressed for 70 years and nobody helped them . 
  they are not angry . 
  i hope for redesigned reminders on os x. 
  the current version is so oldschool . 
  let me guess , your mother tongue is right-to-left . 
  you have put * before * pic on the right and * after * pic -- on the left . 
  i can see wine cellar racks full of pros , 
  norway . 
  this / r/getmotivated material . 
  did it around 10.10 -- 11.10 . 
  no issues . 
  use manuals available on ubuntuforums to do it the best way possible . 
  also , if you are on a small ssd , use some software that searches and purges unused packages afterwards . 
  it weights about 18 grams . 
  it can only gently pat something . 
  btw , this is pre 2012 imac . 
  where are you going to install it inside of the imac ? 
  it wo n't fit . 
  it 's not a common at bay . 
  uni jetstream premier looks nice . 
  not razer , but cooler master with pc layout . 
  no issues save for alt mark on my command and windows logo on my option . 
  my cat loves to knock it off of any surface higher that the floor . 
  good thing that iphone 4 is still tolerates such abuse , for 2 + years so far . 
  i tend to keep it as low as possible , though . 
  cory doctorow is a visionary . 
  now imagine you were a man ... 
  just got mine today from new zealand . 
  large hardcover cost me $ 23 shipping included . 
  this is really great notebook . 
  6mm rule . 
  31 full lines + 1 with the `` datum/date : '' print on top . 
  also , lines are very subtle and become practically invisible once the page is filled with text . 
  that is strange , i have 180 degrees reversed situation with my safari . 
  diamine onyx black was very dry and scratchy , and the stock lamy blue flows like a charm and makes ef nib much smoother . 
  ordered lamy black bottle , will see . 
  ftfy, 
  dind ' t found a little pile of leuchtturms on you pic . 
  i think water after the brita filter should be fine too . 
  it lefts zero residue on the heating elements of the electric kettle after a year of constant use , so it will probably left nothing on the parts of the pen when flushing once or twice a month . 
  stick the paper with the pointy end . 
  i have 12 gb of ram in my imac and almost never use more than 8 of them . 
  add some uni-ball visions to your collection . 
  vision rt 0.8 is one good pen . 
  the ink is really slow to dry , but once it dried there is no way to remove it from the paper . 
  and the pen writes almost like the fp . 
  there are some minor but quite annoying differences . 
  like the place where the aliases are stored , and some more i ca n't remember right now . 
  i do n't really a big fan of unity too . 
  but if i would setup a new linux machine right now , i would install ubuntu server and then install a gnome 3.10 , or mate , or maybe cinnamon . 
  it works perfectly . 
  it sits as secure as a cartridge . 
  i am using sheaffer skrip black in my anthracite safari right now . 
  and found it the first one i ever tried that does n't smudge the inner walls of the converter . 
  no matter how i hold the pen i can always tell the level of ink through the safari 's little window in the barrel . 
  must be a great quality for a demonstrator pen . 
  i wonder if there are more inks like this . 
  they are not available on ebay yet . 
  my two cents : those $ 500 + pens look like the art pieces not the actual writing tools . 
  they look like they are meant to be stored in the wooden boxes and dusted once a month . 
  you can get a girl out of a punk but you will never get a punk out of a girl . 
  i wanted to upgrade my trusty iphone 4 , but than i bought a lamy safari and some cool paper . 
  i feel like i actually saved like $ 500 on a new phone . 
  paper makes hell of a difference .
