  no issues whatsoever . 
  as an alternative , i would recommend [ the writing desk ] ( http://thewritingdesk.co.uk ), 
  how much are you ready to pay for the single safari and shipping ? 
  i have some kind of vague memories . 
  i can be mistaken but i think that this is a stock photo . 
  originally , it was some sort of paper in it . 
  tablet was added by the graphic designers later . 
  no , not really . 
  but thank you anyway . 
  not uk , other eu country . 
  but shipping to us would be way too much for a single safari , indeed . 
  most probably , too much for the used safari . 
  $ 40 with shipping to uk . 
  i have [ loom for sale ] ( http://i.vk7.org/sale/pensale/fcloom-a.jpg ) . 
  interested ? 
  $ 25 + shipping, 
  caran d'ache grand canyon is really great . 
  parker quink black is actually a very nice dark gray . 
  it is also usually the cheapest ink available offline . 
  also try diamine jet black . 
  it will make your pilot a little bit more wetter . 
  yes . 
  this is very sharp lens . 
  it is twelfth month of my bullet journal and i am on page 128 of my a5 leuchtturm 1917 ( lined ) . 
  best value for money ever . 
  the perforation of the second part is killing the whole experience , though . 
  i mean the last half . 
  in softcovers there are 30 perforated pages . 
  graf von faber-castell carbon black . 
  like it , though pelikan edelstein in my opinion is very similar but a little better in almost every aspect . 
  keeping my bujo for more than a year now . 
  this is the best productivity system i have ever used . 
  $ 50 shipping included . 
  i do n't think it will be very interesting considering the shipping costs from eu to canada . 
  $ 40 is too low . 
  $ 45 is more likely . 
  do n't save on the coating . 
  their $ 15 coating is amazing . 
  it makes lenses so easy to clean . 
  those slaves are making $ 2.5 per hour , which is quite a lot . 
  schneider black international short cartridges is a very frugal choice . 
  the ink inside is surprisingly water resistant , on a lamy black level . 
  parket jotter and caran d'ache ecridor are very slim . 
  mostly , because i already have to many pens in my possession . 
  i got it while i was on a trip to belgium . 
  even-though i live in another european capital , the selection here is quite limited . 
  use your hobby as an excuse to visit places . 
  like that fountain pen hospital in new york or one of the many pen shows you have in us . 
  i like it . 
  mine was too dry for my taste , but it was easy to disassemble and make the nib a little wetter following [ the instructions from * the pen habit * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uuq9tukrbcy ) . 
  i like its magnetic clip . 
  it is possible to uncap it and cap it with one hand . 
  only retractable mechanism is more convenient than that . 
  the thing that surprised me , though , is that the long pelikan cartridge ( i put edelstein topaz there ) got stuck in the barrel . 
  it was easy to remove , but now i am afraid of putting there two international shorts back to back like they are supposed to be used in the most compatible pens . 
  do you use your rembrandt with the steel nib ? 
  i saw on the la couronne du comte website they offer an upgrade to dreamtouch 23k palladium nib . 
  now i wonder if it is a good idea to get one somewhere separately . 
  this is bad news . 
  your little country is very beautiful and welcoming . 
  i would love to visit it again . 
  do you keep the second short cartridge in the barrel ? 
  understand , thank you . 
  diamine grey will be quite close to what you are looking for . 
  great watch . 
  g-shocks from japan are the best g-shocks . 
  looks great . 
  how does its calfskin strap compares to the others . 
  is it a good quality strap ? 
  really , i have a 5600 from japan . 
  thank you . 
  a lot more pics like this one on [ that page ] ( http://paradoxoff.com/fennec.html ) . 
  [ many weird stuff over there ] ( http://paradoxoff.com/weirdest-canned-foods.html ) . 
  modern programming in a nutshell . 
  kaspersky is officially working for the russian regime . 
  i would like to hear from the scandinavian cybersecurity firms . 
  looks like putin . 
  the food of the balkans is very keto-friendly too . 
  this is one gorgeous pen . 
  my job ( day job and startup , both it ) takes all my time entirely . 
  fortunately , i can ( and pretty much have to ) use my pens and inks often while working . 
  i almost got hooked on free distance learning courses like at the coursera.org and edx , but my job killed it . 
  :( to keep myself sane i became an avid concert and cinema goer . 
  i have two of them : * dunas * and * ecridor * . 
  both with the steel m nibs . 
  they are the smoothest pens i own . 
  never skip , moderately wet , have no issues at all . 
  and worked like this straight out of the box . 
  the quality is evident . 
  however , recent exchange rate jump , apparently , made them more expensive . 
  i paid $ 85 for my dunas in carbon fiber finish . 
  it is quite a lot for the entry level plastic pen , but i do not regret , because its nib is fantastic . 
  ecridor , silver plated version , i acquired for just $ 140 last black friday . 
  it was one hell of a deal . 
  caran d'ache magnetic blue, 
  27 % are adamant that this is just a scratch . 
  platinum red is actually pink and looks like a chemical weapon . 
  cultpens.com have it for # 1.96 if you are outside european union . 
  so this is the normal price . 
  it is retro 51 .
