  this design is quite ok for the smaller pens . 
  damn , dude !, 
  some people are not retired yet ... 
  tracking is n't free . 
  if you have paid only two bucks for shipping , you definitely have n't paid for tracking . 
  yes . 
  lack of communication is bad . 
  covfefe actually sounds like an american trying to pronounce coffee ( \u043a\u043e\u0444\u0435 ) in russian . 
  leuchtturm 's covers are not particularly sturdier . 
  go for rhodia . 
  the paper is much nicer too . 
  not much at all . 
  it is european thing . 
  if you live in a city , you have at least two-three pharmacies you can comfortably crawl to , should the need arise . 
  running the unsupported version will eventually get one . 
  there is overabundance of food for everyone . 
  it is those bearded guys with kalashnikovs who make 30 % starve . 
  it uses bottled inks . 
  any fountain pen ink will work with it . 
  but avoid inks that were not designed with fountain pens like those marked as `` calligraphy ink '' , `` india ink '' and such . 
  the brands of ink that will work good without much of a hassle are , obviously , any lamy bottled inks , pelikan edelstein or pelikan 4001 , waterman bottled inks , parker bottled inks , and many others . 
  but full of what ? 
  forum hotel in hipodruma district ? 
  on sofiiski geroi street ? 
  if yes , it is like 2 - 2.5 kilometers from the city center . 
  i used to live nearby for a year . 
  you can walk to/from the city center any time . 
  it is safe and the route is quite straightforward , but it will take some time . 
  nice walk , though . 
  ~ ~ and plenty of 24/7 convenience stores if you are into the same stuff as / u/intromatt ~ ~, 
  staedtler mars plastic are the best . 
  fabriano multipaper . 
  it comes in 90 , 100 , 120 and 160 gsm . 
  white , smooth , perfect even for very demanding inks . 
  pretty much every ** royal blue ** from european brands are designed to be easily washed off everything , including cotton clothes and paper . 
  there are special ink erasers available . 
  with these washable inks they work even better than pencil erasers . 
  hong kong is generally okay . 
  well , stalin was as `` non-white '' as kadyrov is . 
  good point . 
  as well as all nations of caucasus . 
  no , but they are white , as well as chechens . 
  russians do their russian things ... 
  the guy in the cellphone service booth warned me about max telecom sim-cards . 
  according to him , they do n't work properly with android phones . 
  a lot of people returns them due to this reason . 
  when i needed one for friends , i ended up getting a prepaid sim from telenor for 8 lv . 
  it offers 100 minutes and 2 gb of data for two weeks . 
  works fine . 
  [ this company ] ( https://belana.bg/en/ ) offers unscented and even not completely whitened ( but still ok-ish 4 ply ) tp . 
  you can find it in any billa and many other stores . 
  probably , not all . 
  and i do n't remember if it stated on the packaging , but the ones with clearly not white paper smells just like recycled paper , without any fragrances . 
  it is not a garbage . 
  it is a very high-quality stuff , one of the best in the world . 
  people usually by 10-20 items at once , but i understand , when someone wants to get two-three to test and decide if they are ready to by more . 
  sofia opera uses ubuntu powered laptops to check tickets during the open air events . 
  of course they are . 
  every time i have to use latin , cyrillic , greek and hebrew ( and sometimes asian symbols too ) in a single libreoffice writer or calc document at work , i am thinking we are terribly ungrateful specie not having a huge monument to the developers of unicode . 
  we need something mount rushmore scale for them and for all who helped to implement it right . 
  why ? 
  font looks pretty normal to me . 
  they need to buy real estate for at least 600000 bgn to get a residence permit . 
  the citizenship is not guaranteed , can only be asked for after 10 years of constantly living in bulgaria ( being abroad for no more than 180 days total ) and they have to officially abandon their original citizenship since bulgaria does not support double citizenship for citizens of many countries , including russia and ukraine . 
  so it is just a bit cheaper and much more difficult . 
  most russians and ukrainians at the black sea coast are just pensioners eating up their pensions an life savings by the sea . 
  nothing but a mild annoyance for local residents and constant stream of income for local small businesses . 
  thank you for suggestion . 
  i will probably do it . 
  do n't need no crystal ball to tell that i 'll spend a couple of hours on the phone with ebay soon :(, 
  i have pristine 100 % rating right now . 
  people love my service . 
  i just passed 10 % returning customers rate a month ago . 
  negative will suck . 
  unfortunately , she paid before i was decided to block her . 
  doubt there is a list anywhere . 
  dual citizenship depends not only on the country of origin of the migrant but also by the reason for obtaining the bulgarian citizenship . 
  those who buy that golden ticket are allowed to keep their original citizenship . 
  those who were living here for 10 + years are n't . 
  well , all your links write about it are in future tense . 
  indeed , the lowering of the limit was proposed in the late 2015 , but it was n't ratified ( the last vote was a couple of month ago , and this proposition was voted contra ) , and i doubt it will be . 
  not in this decade at least . 
  * [ 4 \u0434\u0435\u043a 2016 ] ( http://www.capital.bg/politika_i_ikonomika/bulgaria/2016/12/04/2876821_chujdencite_v_bulgariia_-_samo_sreshtu_skup_imot/ ), 
  fee depends on the country of the buyer . 
  playing is hardly a task either, 
  and the buyer . 
  if you do n't like the price or anything else , look elsewhere . 
  nobody forces you to buy the listing you do n't like . 
  totally possible . 
  huge plus is that you are in denmark and dhl could be really cheap for you . 
  otherwise , check the prices of the government postal service , especially for the registered international postage . 
  keep in mind , that you have to have at least two documents to prove to your national revenue agency ( or equivalent ) that you have shipped the item outside of eu , otherwise you would have to pay your country 's vat from the amount of the sale . 
  yep . 
  if you do n't want to deal with a lot of inr cases , i would recommend you ban canada , australia , all central and south americas , africa , and small distant islands . 
  just call ok supertrans . 
  should fit 15 leva from the city center . 
  check your terminal . 
  ryan flies from t2 , afaik . 
  unicredit bulbank, 
  add him to your block list .
