  if your eyesight is really poor , glasses do n't fix it 100 % , they are just making it a little better . 
  i 'm loosing a little from my faith in humanity pool every time somebody approach me asking to read some fine print or a distant sign . 
  well i have -6.25 myopia ( accompanied with the pretty severe astigmatism ) and my glasses only make it like -4 . 
  my doctor said this is the best i can do no matter if i 'll use glasses , contact lenses or go for lasik . 
  try to borrow a pair of his old glasses , you 'll get the idea . 
  how much that railing will cost you ? 
  low end quartz - about + / - 20 sec a month, 
  and btw , most of them do not display seconds , so it does n't really matter, 
  why do you need to shock it ? 
  any top logitech, 
  you better invest in a good ventilation, 
  it was incredibly good on skagen so i decided to buy one from ebay for my orient mako and was totally disappointed . 
  it was not near that comfortable and lightweight as it was on a slim titanium skagen dress watch . 
  kittens could be multiplied by simple copying like a digital good . 
  however , the copy process is rather slow and take two cats at the initial stage . 
  commies are kind of a pet opposition in todays russia . 
  extremely small 50 % . 
  even out of 146 % they are still the third part of population . 
  will he last for two terms ? 
  35-hour work week is nothing . 
  30-hour work week would make the working two full time jobs at once possible . 
  yes , the consequences would be huge . 
  thank you . 
  unfortunately , i have n't figured out how to fix this error . 
  and 99 % of these data comes to / dev/null, 
  i 'm fighting binges ( pretty successfully ) by eating cabbage and other keto veggies whenever i want without any limits ( it 's impossible to eat way too much cabbage , i think ) . 
  also , i learned a hard way that binges gives much more harm than allowing yourself any amount of healthy food you want . 
  thank you . 
  heating bills will be higher . 
  the more expensive ones are pretty ok . my father loves his corduba skeleton with the beautifully decorated miyota 8xxx . 
  however , the cheapass $ 59 quartz had some issues with hands alignment . 
  i did n't get it . 
  racists jokes eludes me or it 's just because i 'm unaware of who aziz is ? 
  nagrand forever . 
  i have had two adjacent teeth taken out two weeks ago . 
  my dentist have n't stitched the wound -- it will be easier with implants later , he said . 
  so i had to be extra careful the whole first week . 
  it may sound terrible but it actually were n't . 
  my diet that week primarily consisted of soft kinds of cheeses , sour cream , cottage cheese and cold water , since i had a little bleeding after hot tea or coffee . 
  if you 'll get your stitchings it will be much easier . 
  for me , it becomes boring quite quickly . 
  once a week or even less often is ok , though . 
  this is the perfect depiction of why i do not like the japanese dial design . 
  why did they do the hands so small ? 
  even the second hand is n't touching the minute markings :(, 
  looks legit to me . 
  also , it says it comes with the docs , so you can request a copy of the doc . 
  those should be crappy printed and should bear otk stamp with some handwriting somewhere on it . 
  apparently those w/o thunderbolt are not affected . 
  you are mixing up work and worship . 
  i think scrolling the mouse wheel up to scroll the page down is something completely opposite to natural . 
  wildhammer was my first server back in 2007 . 
  moved to us servers two years ago , though . 
  dumb ass electritians are even more successful in summoning the lightning bolts . 
  every day . 
  my yesterday 's breakfast was sour cream with cottage cheese and finnish lactose free cheese with butter . 
  this is like cheese with cheese with cheese with cheese , 
  `` no fat in your salad ? 
  you may be leaving vitamins on the plate '', 
  how can you leave vitamins on the plate if you ate everything that was on it ? 
  probably , they meant another porcelain thing . 
  bad luck brian : applyed the lotion , came ten times . 
  [ full story . 
  ] ( http://paradoxoff.com/london-atm-speaks-cockney.html ), 
  last girlfriend, 
  who is she ? 
  remember , diaria is the greatest cause of dehydration . 
  this thing is really delicious yet a bit pricey . 
  also , almost any canned meat is better when heated in hot water before openning . 
  i better drink my own pi ... or may be not . 
  however , most of the dog foods are not keto . 
  i heard there are a lot of corn starches in there, 
  and on my wrist too . 
  wearing it since last friday when i slightly damaged the left wrist and my citizen diver become uncomfortable . 
  having 24h second time zone , day of the week and stopwatch is great . 
  $ 13 is a bargain . 
  i got mine for $ 35 in the next door watch store . 
  acrylic crystal is a scratch magnet, 
  grind a fistful of them in a blender and mix it with the sour creme . 
  well , the trees are actually made of food : mostly carbs ( cellulose ) and water . 
  puny humans just ca n't digest it . 
  i want to jump into the room like from the scene into the crowd on a rock concert, 
  lol , when i was a student in russia during the communist regime , we were forced to pick up the potatoes ... 
  it 's always upside down and inside out in the soviet russia . 
  there is one not so common solution for this problem . 
  try to wear the watch over the cuff of your sweater or jacket . 
  like aviators ' . 
  i was thinking like this for many years . 
  i was wrong . 
  i learned not to be a slave of the things and know i only pay for things which are able to contribute to the quality of life . 
  no improvements in a matters of fun , comfort or productivity ? 
  bad luck getting my money . 
  be assured , chinese factories are working 25 hours shifts right now , 
  i live in the country with 99,6 % literacy rate and obligatory 8 years of school education . 
  there are still a lot of stupid people around . 
  how comes that infidel-hating muslims are welcomed in belgium and other western european countries , but the low-abiding , hard working , atheist and pro-individual-freedoms guy like me from the eastern europe has zero chance of getting work permit let alone citizenship ? 
  those who have bought an expensive car can sell it . 
  you are not allowed to sell a child , even a mere kidney ... 
  i lvled through vash ` jir twice and it was marvelous both times . 
  i managed to get the vacation time since tuesday till monday .
