  lucky me , 
  this is my first g-shock and i like it . 
  so far i think this is the most comfortable watch i ever worn . 
  it 's lite , it hides under the cuff with no troubles and it sits on my wrist perfectly . 
  i have very poor eyesight , that 's why i have sold all my analog dive watches and switched to digital . 
  i can read the time instantly on this one . 
  though , the backlight duration ca n't be adjusted on this particular module , its default value of approximately 1.5 second is enough to read the time , the day and the date at night . 
  and another great thing -- it seems the elevated rubber bezel around the face of the watch is really working . 
  i hope it will protect the glass from the scratches . 
  i was hating catching scratches on my divers . 
  i just added the text after posting the picture , as comment . 
  see it below . 
  should i delete it ? 
  the g-5600e-1jf is a jdm model but as far as i know it does n't differ from the european market model -1 dr. 
  even on the back it marked as g-5600e , so the difference is in \u00a5 price tag ( 14000 \u00a5 ) . 
  got it for $ 160 including shipping and handling . 
  gw-m5600 would be around ( or even more than ) $ 200 shipping to where i live included . 
  also , i live pretty far away from the nearest radio tower , so the atomic would be great but not really necessary . 
  esthetically , gw-m5600 ( and 5610 ) have the red line around the face and the g-5600e -- white , which i liked more . 
  it 's not the same . 
  it lacks :, 
  solar panels and rechargeable battery . 
  e.l. backlight , just a cheap led instead . 
  better display . 
  world time with 49 city presets with dst on/off, 
  also , shipping from us or hong kong to where i live is usually takes twice as much time than from japan . 
  and ( in case of us ) costs twice as much ) . 
  so , i think , i made a very weighted and actually smart decision . 
  dw - **** - basic model, 
  g - **** - solar powered, 
  gw - **** - solar powered and atomic radio controlled, 
  thank you . 
  thank you . 
  canon 1100d with the canon 50mm f/1 .8 lens . 
  skagen is descent dressy watch . 
  i wore one with a mesh bracelet for two years some time ago . 
  it 's light and comfortable and never fails yet it hardly survive anything more wet than a dish washing . 
  now spend all the money you have saved by buying it to get yourself a shiny new iphone 5 or samsung galaxy s3 to take a better pictures , 
  i got lots of eggs ( hard boiled ) , cheese ( camembert and bri ) , liver pat ' e and diet coke . 
  because protein ( and fat for energy ) is more than stupid sugar . 
  wearing them in the shower make them clean , 
  yes . 
  and by now i have n't took it off for almost a month at all . 
  because it 's tricky without the right hand working . 
  dell has a cheap ips 21,5 '' full hd, 
  my cousin looks pretty much the same and she is 42 too . 
  the difference - she is not asian , yet has part north caucasus origin . 
  about time . 
  damn , i fell the urge to farm for the green leaf tea . 
  * ukraine, 
  also , less transportation cost and eco impact . 
  it 's called taxi for a reason , 
  lol , you definitely did n't get what i said and put your own meanings into my words . 
  there are no meals on this planet that could justify a diarrea . 
  it do not worth it in any case , be it taco bell or burger king , or five guys or virtually anything . 
  it 'll be much worse if he fell on a shampoo bottle . 
  better go for the apple wireless keyboard . 
  it 's not against the russian laws ( directly ) , it 's against the apple 's rules . 
  us and a bunch of so called first-world countries are getting their apple gadgets first . 
  than another bigger bunch of countries . 
  and after a few month these gadgets become available in the rest of the world including russia . 
  this is up to apple to decide which country to get the thing in which order . 
  however , it 's not illegal to visit some `` first-world '' country , buy a thing there and than sell it in russia with some profit . 
  it 's not the `` black '' market , actually . 
  more like `` grey '' . 
  why do you wear a hat inside ? 
  judging by the fact that you are barefoot , it 's pretty comfortable temperature in this room . 
  it seams their beliefs prohibit them from entering any bodies of water . 
  looks like i was bitten by a snake ... right in my penis . 
  what a nice watch you have had . 
  sorry for your loss . 
  however , it 's time to get 30th anniversary a1000 now . 
  believe me , the broken watch was the last thing i was thinking of that moment . 
  actually , all i was thinking was trying not hit the the crapper , floor or door frame with my head since it bears much more value for me . 
  or two, 
  sorry , have n't been here for awhile . 
  congratulations on getting a new video card . 
  why do you need to hardwrap a paragraph of text when the softwrap is available ? 
  ah , now i can see the reason . 
  i would love to see if someone made the ipad case of the similar design with such awesome keyboard ( including its gorgeous color ) . 
  i was hesitated to pay $ 10 for the ipad version of the app since i mostly use it on my mac and iphone ... 
  so it 's like a bargain for me . 
  i can upgrade and get the ipad version in the same time for less . 
  nice , but not exactly . 
  also , i doubt the touch pad is functional . 
  it 's not , as far as i know . 
  if i remember it properly , there is no mouse cursor support in ios . 
  well , since the whole ipad is a big multitouch trackpad , it makes sense . 
  why do n't you update your apps ? 
  yep . 
  i 'm from russia , i look both left and right while crossing the street . 
  also , trying to hide behind something like a lamp post or high curb while waiting for the green light . 
  imac 21.5 '' mid 2010 - runs perfect , yet i 'm thinking of ssd . 
  macvim is free . 
  haswell chips ' hd 4600 graphics is twice as powerful as the current hd 4000 which is ok for retina , so there wo n't be discrete graphics in 13 '' mbpr . 
  however , they can make 13 '' regular thick mbp with amd or nvidia graphics , and maybe , 1440 * 900 ips . 
  before investing into naga [ this ] ( http://6km.org/2012/razer-naga-hex-initial-review.html ) could be helpful . 
  tl ; dr , naga is not for everybody . 
  lynx, 
  xubuntu definitely will .
