  i think / r/bulletjournal should be linked here . 
  communism -- the original anti-utopia . 
  exactly , always . 
  they are not from uk , though . 
  they are from austria . 
  mcdonalds is your best friend . 
  added all of them . 
  and i have more . 
  print them and then scan the prints . 
  thank you . 
  fabriano multipaper is awesome . 
  it comes in 90 , 100 , 120 , and 160 gsm versions . 
  all of them handle any inks perfectly . 
  in the national referendum 146 % of americans vote to be anschlussed by russia . 
  sellers have zero ways to insure the package will arrive on time . 
  the delay could be caused by any of the postal services in the chain and/or by your country 's customs . 
  by leaving a negative feedback you severely hurts seller 's sales numbers because ebay putting the seller 's items lower in serps etc. 
  after that . 
  yes . 
  good communication is a must . 
  you can find it on ebay . 
  look for a fabriano brand . 
  they are cheaper than rhodia , but the paper is still good . 
  why not take an opportunity and move abroad for awhile ? 
  if you can afford spending $ 1000 a month for rent and food , you will be all set in ( south ) eastern europe ( bulgaria , romania , macedonia , montenegro ) . 
  afaik , the same with thailand , ecuador , uruguay , argentina , etc. 
  migrant crisis is blown out of any proportions by the media ( russiatoday , mostly ) . 
  you wo n't be able to see any signs of it on the streets . 
  source : i 'm in the middle of it . 
  and as a us citizen ( i presume ) you do n't need any visa to stay for up to 90 days in most countries , and obtaining a long term visa to stay for 180 day or even a year will be a piece of cake . 
  you wo n't need to involve your company anyhow rather than maybe providing a copy of your contract to prove you are employed . 
  those are probably french citizens , born and raised in france . 
  integration is going on . 
  it takes time , though . 
  you ca n't just wave a magic wand and turn a teenager raised in a very religious society into a flaming gay fighting for women 's rights . 
  frankly speaking , quite significant part of eu population is not very fond of individual rights and freedoms yet . 
  eu nations are indeed the most progressive and free on earth , no argue with that . 
  but still plenty of people who are openly homophobic , think that women should n't be allowed into leading positions , or even putting religious rules above the civil laws . 
  basic level also takes time . 
  for a person who are not `` gifted '' learning a new language takes at least two years . 
  yes , the current efforts are not enough . 
  but they are here . 
  the situation is being improved gradually every day by the efforts of thousands people . 
  so , basically , putin made belarus pay for it . 
  keeping a journal . 
  this is real shame . 
  did it affected black market and organized crime ? 
  not much . 
  not much at all . 
  but a lot of people became poorer . 
  and even more poorer when the sberbank ( the only retail bank in soviet union ) declared all the deposits frozen . 
  wikipedia has [ an article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monetary_reform_in_the_soviet_union,_1991 ) on this . 
  cyprus, 
  the grass is greener on the left . 
  call them . 
  use skype . 
  it 's about 2 cents a minute . 
  it lived in my jeans ' back pocket from march till the end of october . 
  butt shaped , but far from falling apart . 
  if you set your day display to english , it will skip through the spanish ( french/german/etc . ), 
  every night . 
  but it is not instant . 
  second language will be displayed every night for about two hours around 1 a.m. 
  sliced apples and camembert . 
  paypal was very buggy for me for the last week or two . 
  what affects sales numbers the most : price , seller 's ratings , keywords ? 
  thank you . 
  / r/fountainpens, 
   they speak french in quebec , and you 're on their turf , you should speak or try french . 
  why does n't the same applies to paris or brussels ? 
  google safe meals beforehand , write them down and learn proper pronunciation . 
  english is international ( lingua franca , lol ) . 
  learning the language just for a short trip is not a viable option . 
  people often have other priorities . 
  i would be totally ok with the chinese visitor speaking english . 
  certainly would not even expect him/her to speak local language or my mother tongue . 
  as a healthy alternative , a slice of lemon . 
  so you are that guy who eats eight spiders a month in his sleep ? 
  it could be a glitch on ebay . 
  i had a couple complaints from my buyers that they ca n't request total , even-though i have all settings right . 
  called ebay about this issue and they told me they ca n't do anything from my side , the buyer needs to call them about this issue . 
  major cartoon releases from pixar and disney are dubbed , but there are usually a few late night screening for the subtitled version . 
  at least they were for * inside out * and * good dinosaur * . 
  shipping policies . 
  however , you ca n't choose specific countries save for a very short list ( canada , brazil , russia ... ) , otherwise it will be regions . 
  and one policy can have only 6 rules . 
  not every eastern block . 
  unpaved footpaths and lack of grass is totally russia . 
  or , maybe , belarus , eastern ukraine , northern kazakhstan . 
  also , the truck in the top photo is gazelle -- a russian ford transit clone . 
  so this is 99,99 % russia . 
  block this ebay user . 
  much cheaper m200/m205 are bifl too . 
  these pens are perfect . 
  lamy safari is known for its ability to withstand a lot of abuse . 
  what makes pelikan special is that they are remarkably ( by today 's standards ) repairable . 
  the fact that most parts of the pens made in the 50 's are interchangeable with the similarly sized modern models made pelikans m *** true bifl item . 
  even more so than some modern full metal pens . 
  you absolutely should . 
  if you would have good sales , the limits may be raised automatically next month .
