  and the inability to see the level of ink inside buggers me more that i thought it would be . 
  also , i got used to it pretty quickly , but someone could find annoying that it takes 1.25 turns to screw the cap . 
  and since it is a crescent filler , you need to position the crescent at the proper angle to the clip ( -90 \u00b0 ) in order to put them on one straight line with when the pen is capped . 
  i ca n't really name any real issues with it , though . 
  it is a sharp looking pen that grabs a lot of attention , it has an interesting nib and filling system , and it writes well . 
  yes , they are . 
  and the ink capacity is quite good . 
  even with the broad it gets me more than 12 pages a5 . 
  your pen looks like it is working really good . 
  it lays down a good amount of ink . 
  you just need to learn use it without pressure . 
  if you do not like shading , use pigmented black inks . 
  it looks like your pen is bone dry . 
  cardboard box adds one more layer of padding and does n't look this ugly/suspicious . 
  most probably the feed of your pen was less saturated this time resulting less ink was put onto the paper . 
  i almost finished my bottle of fuyu-syogun and never noticed any inconsistencies in saturation of the ink itself . 
  though , this is the most shading gray i know . 
  its saturation heavily depends on the dryness/wetness of the pen . 
  may be some water left in the feed ... 
  oh , it just came to my mind that there is a place on the market for the metal pen with the screw cap made of glass . 
  for those who hate everyone around them . 
  great idea !, 
  apparently , people of brussels are really into [ things like this ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3381525/the-shocking-moment-gang-teenagers-pushed-car-stairs-packed-metro-platform-new-year-s-eve.html ) . 
  i actually do love quink black . 
  i think it is a more shy version of diamine quartz . 
  but does it still splash back ? 
  nice try , \u041c\u0412\u0420 , nice try ... 
  just scan whatever you intend to save and use whatever inks you like . 
  i usually scan a book at a time . 
  usually , after a few weeks after i finish it . 
  it does n't interfere with the pleasure of writing . 
  i have another reason for this , though . 
  i could be forced to move any time keeping only things that fit into a suitcase and the 20-23 kilos of airlines ' luggage allowance . 
  since all my old archives are in the cloud , i can save quite a lot of space and weight leaving them behind . 
   you need to us an archival quality ink, 
  and do n't forget about archival quality paper . 
  it matters a lot too . 
  rhodia classic staple-bound books are fantastic . 
  fabriano staple-bound books are very good , but come in a4 only . 
  yes , they are . 
  and when you take those glasses off , it appears to be just a normal shampoo ad . 
  me too . 
  i have half a drawer of spare notebooks . 
  and another drawer full with inks ... 
  sometimes this hobby looks more like a hoarding . 
  wait , 10-20 sheets a day ? 
  cult pens ' deep dark brown . 
  damn , this is a lot . 
  lol , russian text actually says `` hotel for adult lady only '' . 
  just write it down . 
  the discrimination against single middle-aged men is a thing nobody cares to recognize . 
  this is true . 
  thank you . 
  the one divers use for their equipment works perfectly . 
  there are plenty of offers on ebay . 
  thank you . 
  this one i remember , yes . 
  you must have perfect eyesight . 
  lucky you . 
  me too , you bully fuck turd, 
  police officer will fight you . 
  done . 
  hope you will share the results with us . 
  it will be interesting . 
  for the bank , visit the unicredit bulbank office right above the serdika metrostation . 
  they speak english there . 
  bought a nice pelikan m200 broad nib from / u/flexorhallucis . 
  pelikan m20x with the broader nibs are wet and buttery smooth . 
  great watch . 
  i wear my quartz junkers for more than a year now and love it a lot . 
  i saw a pelikan p200 on ebay for $ 68 new not so long ago . 
  how could somebody visit bulgaria and leave without tasting the local beers ? 
  this chart is obvious fake . 
  it belongs in the / r/fountainpensporn, 
  you know what is better than shiny new notebook ? 
  the notebook filled from cover to cover !, 
  ( preferably , with something meaningful ), 
  in my experience montblanc permanent blue is even `` more gentle '' than platinum carbon black . 
  never had any problems . 
  still a higher maintenance , though . 
  like all the other pigmented inks . 
  also i will second / u/x -51 and put rohrer & klingner scabiosa on the same shelf . 
  totally safe with appropriate hygiene . 
  * pilot blue, 
  out of affordable pens , in my opinion , lamy safari/al-star cope with the nibs tuned to be wetter the best . 
  i never had a lamy nib that was very wet out of the box , though . 
  i love broader nibs . 
  if i did n't emptied a small piston filler in a day , this day was n't productive enough . 
  ( but i do a lot of notes for a online course and some sideprojects lately . ), 
  or even better -- a rollerball , those are more pleasant to write with . 
  prof. dawkins talked about the same thing in his latest book . 
  how he regret he was witnessing bullying in high-school but did nothing to stop it . 
  well , because if `` being kind to the others '' is not good enough reason for you , there is always a chance you will end with nothing to jot down something with but this sacrificial pen . 
  russia today is putin 's propaganda machine . 
  `` no man , no problem '' -- joseph stalin . 
  zomg . 
  just yesterday i was thinking $ 1.15 was way too much for the premium quality avocado . 
  was there an article about robots in that paper ? 
  this is disappointing . 
  i bought inks from the japanese seller ( may be even the same one ) twice , and both times the crumpled newspapers contained pictures of robots on them .
