  as for iraq , we had a plan for a new government , we just did n't foresee that the new leader just wanted to reignite sectarian hatred but in the opposite direction from saddam . 
  we spent billions on training the iraqi military , but it was all undone because the sunnis did n't want to fight on the same side as the shiites . 
  again , hindsight is 20/20 . 
  maybe i 'm reading too much into it , but merkel 's actions remind me strongly of internet slacktivism . 
  i guess she thought all she had to do was express some cheap idealism over the airwaves and the situation would resolve itself . 
  its basically just virtue signaling done on the national level . 
  its a shame , because i did n't think a european leader would ever fall so far to the same identity politics that plague the us . 
  the key takeaway here is the staggering incompetence of it all . 
  i think public opinion of all this immigration would have been significantly better if there was any semblance of a plan or professionalism at all . 
  instead , all europe got was mindless idealism followed by a selfish desire to pawn the burden off on others once the shit hit the fan . 
  this whole situation turned into ... well ... most of europe sticking to historical precedent of trying to fuck each other over . 
  being an american , my feeble mind is incapable of thinking of europe in any way other than stereotypes , so this kind of slapdash amateurism was highly unexpected from germany . 
  accordingly , i also do n't deny my government 's role in creating this situation . 
  but this is the situation we find ourselves in and i ca n't change it . 
  the refugees ca n't walk to america , so i think there is only so much america can do to help . 
  just curious : what is the official position on the five pillars ? 
  specifically the salat and the hajj . 
  do you have to face mecca for prayer ? 
  do you still have to go on hajj once in your life ? 
  the reason i 'm asking is because islam , as far as i know , is still religiously and culturally linked to the middle east , and as long as that is true , i do n't think the religion will ever move past its troubles . 
  edit : i 'm trying to draw a parallel with christianity and the crusades : in that christianity did n't really start to move on from its barbarism until it finally managed to divorce itself from its levant roots . 
  i am so ready for humanity 's grim-dark future . 
  give me my flashlight and toilet paper armor , commissar !, 
  i need to purge me some filthy xenos scum !, 
  as long as the right is talked about in hushed voices like some kind of disgusting disease to be stamped out , the left will suffer the same indignities . 
  as a moderate , i 'll label both sides as i please . 
  i hope belgium plans on stealing the entire masjid al-haram and bringing it to europe ( or at least excising the hajj from the religion entirely ) , as well a cutting out a significant portion of the quran . 
  because as long as islam is culturally and religiously `` centered '' in the middle east , it will not be westernized . 
  ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ ^ see ^ ^ ^ how ^ ^ ^ that ^ ^ ^ can ^ ^ ^ possibly ^ ^ ^ go ^ ^ ^ wrong . 
  it becomes the business of society when fucked up children are born , since it then becomes society 's responsibility to care for that child , unless you plan on forcibly terminating all incest related pregnancies . 
  in which case you 'd have to question whether or not you live in a dystopia . 
  well at least ** somebody ** is trying to think of creative solutions to combat europe 's hilarious birth rate . 
   and it 's not used for procreation yeah ... good luck enforcing that . 
  i for one welcome our new charles ii - looking overlords . 
  or worse , our british royal family-looking overlords . 
  well the `` true left '' likely * would * be in favor of those things . 
  the regressive left however , including third/fourth wave feminism would be hardcore against it . 
  the reddit crowd did . 
  but then again , the reddit crowd is as incestuous with opinions as pre-wwi european monarchies were with bloodlines . 
   to be frank the middle east was for the most part very stable up until the fall of the ottoman empire if you consider the ottoman genocide of assyrians and shiites as `` stable '' then sure . 
  good , the agriculture industry in the u.s. needs to fail . 
  the whole thing is insanely fucking corrupt . 
  a large portion of the u.s. gets produce and other agriculture products straight from mexico anyway . 
  in a way i 'm glad about the shit he says . 
  elections have for too long been about who can lie most convincingly . 
  i 'm glad that trump has basically come out and shown the world what u.s. politics is actually like . 
  he 's laying it all out in the open . 
  i 'm still not gon na vote for him , mind , but i 'm glad he 's doing it all the same . 
  its u.s. politics . 
  the choices for us have always involved picking between liars . 
   russian citizens will take notice and start pressuring their leaders for russia to ~ ~ become more like europe . ~ ~ make europe part of russia like it used to be for glorious motherland . 
  nice non sequitur , considering i did n't say anything about how poor people get punished by the law . 
  by all means , long live the proletariats , down with the bourgeoisie , etc. , etc. 
  in the proletariat utopia \u2122 , anything that does n't stick it to the corporate `` man '' is automatically unfair and needs to be overthrown , democracy be damned . 
  why would they ? 
  considering the entities seeking tax refuge generally do n't break swiss economic laws . 
  but please , continue with your super-mega-ultra righteous proletariat revolution . 
  okay so that 's germany out . 
  what about the other 21 nations ? 
  the difference being that the founders of the u.s. were able to convince the people ( i.e. 
  the voters : ( white , land-owning males ) that federalizing was a good thing for everyone . 
  whereas in the eu there is nothing like that , and federalizing eu is something the political elite is trying to brute force in a way that is completely antithetical to democracy . 
  its a simple if-then statement : if : the vast majority of people feel they have a chance for a better life with a federalized eu , then : they will be on board . 
  if not : they will not be on board and the politicians need to stop trying to bypass democracy . 
  your comparison is actually applicable , but not in the way you think . 
  the way its applicable is that the first time the u.s. founders tried to create a nation , [ they failed utterly . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/articles_of_confederation ) in fact the more i think about it , the more the eu as it is now resembles the u.s. under the articles of confederation . 
  the difference being that the aoc was more or less an emergency document drafted for the specific purpose of fighting the british . 
  after the war was over , the limitations of it become very clear to its drafters . 
  if you actually want a federalized europe , you 'll likely need a new constitution that is tailor made with that in mind . 
  the current eu was never meant to be federalized and trying to force it to happen will lead to disaster . 
  the most you can do is draft a document built for the purpose that gives every nation an equally important voice , and then hope the people view it favorably . 
  you ca n't just deign to take away a nation 's sovereignty and expect the people to want nothing in return . 
  the argument of `` but european solidarity tho ! '', 
  what is a hypothetical eu willing to give its member states in exchange for giving up their sovereignty ? 
  if this subreddit is anything to go by , then the answer to that question is either nothing or just raw cash , and i do n't know of a single nation on earth that would willingly sell their sovereignty for cash . 
  the original thirteen colonies did n't want to join in a federal union at first either , it took the concerted efforts of nearly the entire continental congress convincing the people that joining was the right thing to do . 
  its a naive pipe dream as evidenced both by recent history , ancient history , and the rest of history in-between . 
  that 's my entire point . 
  europe wo n't even defend fellow europeans , and there are morons on this subreddit dreaming of a federalized eu . 
  europe will war with each other far more quickly than they 'd ever defend each other . 
  its why they let ukraine burn , its why they let yugoslavia burn before that , ands its why they will let the baltics burn when it comes to that . 
  where i went to school it was pretty much the same way with regard to germany and russia . 
  so much time was given over to studying the holocaust that when russia came about there was only a cursory mention that stalin killed enough people to make hitler look like an amateurish buffoon . 
  and that was it . 
  as anti-communist as everyone is in the us , there is hardly any mention of the human cost of stalin 's purges , or of mao 's great leap , its fucking infuriating . 
  this is also why the eu is such a hilariously retarded pipe dream . 
  europeans are n't even willing to defend each other when their sovereignty is in danger . 
  this has been true for all of recorded history , and all signs point to it remaining true for the foreseeable future . 
  you just have to look at greece . 
   second point is that europe has relatively small armies because you told us to have small armies . 
  the nato agreement stipulates that all member nations should spend at the very least 2 % gdp on defense , something which all but like 2 member nations refuse to do . 
  the only nation exempt from that is iceland . 
  even if we did tell you to have small armies , you could just tell us to fuck off , like the vast majority of member nations already do with the 2 % spending requirement . 
  nato membership is not mandatory , you could leave at any time . 
  you do n't have to have limited reasoning to get scammed out of all your money . 
  it happens to reasonably intelligent people all the time . 
  especially when it comes to risk/reward ventures like trying to sneak into a country . 
  what the fuck do you think the immigrants will find when they google search news about immigration into europe on their phones ? 
  here 's the simple answer : they 'll find shit-tons of news articles and likely reddit threads where people ( like the people in this thread ) are desperately trying to find ways to keep the immigrants out .
