  the city has a great pr team , thats really all there is to it . 
  even to other unknowledgeable americans , san francisco is seen as an amazing place when the reality could n't be further from the truth . 
  san francisco is a complete shithole . 
  simple as that . 
  still not as bad as chicago . 
  neither do the syrians . 
  call it what you like , the communist party was still the de facto government until 1990 . 
  are you seriously going to revise history and tell me that the ussr was nothing more than foreign occupation ? 
  he should have just answered the questions himself and saved the interviewee the trouble of even showing up . 
  remind me again . 
  how was that stalin guy ? 
  i 'm sure he did wonder 's for order in latvia post ww2 . 
  i wonder how many latvians got a taste of the gulag life ( or were just straight up purged ) to pay for that `` stability '' . 
  or did you say stability when you really meant to say oppression ? 
  the biggest difference i see is that people like chinese or indian immigrants usually just want to be left the fuck alone . 
  they do n't want or need to interact with people not of their own ethnicity . 
  while this mindset they have is n't the greatest at fostering acceptance or tolerance , it is vastly more preferable than the islamist route of demanding the world to bow to their whims . 
  to put it shortly , there are immigrant communities that just want to be left the fuck alone , and there are immigrant communities that want to fuck with their host nations , and islamic communities are in the latter kind . 
  a lesser monster who murdered 100k of his citizens in cold blood . 
  yeah keep calling him that , eventually you 'll fool yourself into believing it . 
  its not the actual lyrics . 
  the full name of the song is blue ( da ba dee ) . 
  a `` proper '' hanging ( christ i ca n't believe i used that word ) works by internal decapitation . 
  the force from falling separates the skull from the spine and death is instant . 
  slow hanging ( a method of execution still practiced in iran ) is much worse . 
  i 'd imagine most suicides by hanging are slow hanging , because you need to fall a certain amount and a lot of people who try suicide by that method underestimate the distance . 
  its hilarious how europeans so blindly trust their governments for everything from free medical treatment , to education , to personal safety , but then try to shift to a less cash based society , they go full pants-on-head conspiritard, 
  bullshit , grad students have the easiest time of anybody paying for school . 
  you are just expected to do something to pay back the time/money the university has invested in you , like teaching classes , or getting grants from the government . 
  i personally know grad students who 've been doing thesis work for over a decade . 
  no , turkey is in nato and if nothing else , america respects its nato treaties . 
  the only thing that could get you kicked out of nato is either a war with greece ( unlikely ) , or for erdogan to go full enver pasha . 
  even if you did get kicked out of nato , the only power that could lead an iraq style invasion is america , as no other power is competent enough or can project as much power , and america 's appetite for another invasion is at an all time low , so it wo n't be happening . 
  the most likely thing to happen if turkey gets kicked out of nato is that erdogan and putin will suddenly become best friends forever , because putin is obsessed with one upping the u.s. and he is not above forgetting a petty incident such as shooting down a jet if it allows him to accomplish this goal . 
  i 'm actually in favor of getting turkey into the eu , because getting closer to the eu means europe ( and by extension , the u.s. ) will have ever more influence . 
  the closer turkey gets to the west , the better chance the west has of reeling erdogan 's bullshit in , and the closer turkey is to the west , the better chance we have of changing the citizen 's views , and then they 'll be less likely to elect someone like erdogan in the future . 
  obviously this plan of approach does n't always work out , but its preferable to forced regime change imo . 
  its always better for the west to flex its economic muscles and its `` western ideals '' muscles rather than its military muscles . 
  well you would have had that luxury , had your governments thought about the situation more than not at all . 
  ah , fair enough . 
  the treaty of versailles was the very definition of a carthaginian peace that all but guaranteed a second world war . 
  as history teaches , europe does not learn from their wars , and so it was with wwi and wwii . 
  the u.s. is n't much better in that regard , but i digress . 
  the goal of britain and france was nothing more than the typical revanchism that was the predominant foreign policy for 100 years prior . 
  of course u.s. interests in europe were n't selfless . 
  fdr knew from the outset of the u.s. entrance into the war that our eventual enemy would be the soviets . 
  opposing the spread of communism would require a europe that did n't descend into its patterned revanchism . 
  the problem occurred when the allies decided to allow the soviets to get to berlin first for no reason . 
  the nuremberg trials was germany 's `` punishment '' . 
  everything else you mentioned was done to keep the soviets from acquiring it all . 
  all things considered west germany came out of it looking pretty good . 
  how did east germany end up ? 
  you wo n't find me defending the 45 year military occupation much , but in no way was the occupation done to `` punish '' germany . 
  communism is the very definition of a utopic ideology . 
  as such , it relies on assumptions about human nature that simply are n't and can never be true . 
  this is why all utopic ideologies fail miserably , because the very foundations of the ideology are based on a reality which can not exist . 
  when the proponents of these ideologies try to implement policy , they finally discover that reality does n't behave like like it does in their fantasies and are forced to change their policies , thereby immediately betraying their ideology . 
  that 's why i always laugh when people say that the soviets did n't implement communism `` right '' . 
  a `` correct '' implementation of communism simply can not exist . 
  its not because they did n't try hard enough . 
  mao tried harder than anyone and his efforts resulted in 15 million deaths . 
  in the u.s. before the 20th century , a republican was someone who was staunchly federalist and anti-slavery , while a democrat was usually a racist from the south who was very much anti-federalist . 
  words change meaning from time to time . 
  well we helped germany because it was obvious the rest of europe did n't learn its lesson the first time . 
  the treaty of versailles was an unmitigated disaster , and left to their own devices , europe would have inflicted something even worse on post-hitler germany . 
  the only problem with our plans was that those pesky soviets wanted their share of germany as well . 
  he 's full of shit . 
  there were never germans in the iraq war . 
  the closest germany ever got to military action in iraq was in 2014 when they sent bundeswehr troops to train the peshmerga . 
  all other german action related to iraq is the donation of arms and ammunition to peshmerga forces . 
  you joke , but ask someone from new mexico to try and understand someone from massachusetts , and watch the hilarity ensue . 
  well , you can . 
  you 'll get cholera ( or hepatitis ) , but you can do it . 
  good thing the people who decide if you are misusing your freedom are always 100 % unbiased and without agenda right ? 
  i 'd hate to see what might happen if someone who is less scrupulous used this exact same reasoning to start outlawing things ... ohh ... oh yeah ... 
  well thats just all kinds of fucked up . 
  but i do n't really understand why you ca n't just remove the law that allows them access to tax money , rather than just ban them . 
  because when you are so incompetent at being a politician that you ca n't keep an openly racist political party from gaining power , the easiest thing to do is just ban them . 
  my condolences italy . 
  because there is such a thing as a hate hierarchy . 
  for example : walt disney was a blatant anti-semite . 
  his antisemitism , however , did n't stop him from producing anti-german , and anti-nazi cartoons before and during wwii . 
  it is possible to hold hate for a certain group of people , yet still recognize that they should n't victims of a holocaust . 
  i know reddit likes its simplifications , but people are complicated . 
  why ca n't you just form an offshoot sect ? 
  you 'll still be considered muslims by the rest of the world . 
  i mean , protestants are no less christian than catholics . 
  of course that may lead to further violence , like the protestant reformation did , but the christian world eventually got over it in a way that shiites and sunnis never did . 
  the point is that the u.s. gets blamed for everything , whether its supporting dictators in order to stabilize a country or deposing them because of said dictators crimes against humanity . 
  now i 'll grant you , we deserve a lot of the blame because almost every plan we come up with backfires disastrously . 
  but its not as if people would shut the fuck up if we 'd stepped aside and let these atrocities continue . 
  as / u/lolmonger said , we 'd face blame no matter what we do . 
  the rwandan genocide comes to mind . 
  i 'm not saying you 're wrong , but i think its a little more complicated than that . 
  for example , the soviet invasion of afghanistan . 
  the u.s. supported the mujahideen and that came back to bite us in the ass 22 years later . 
  nevermind the living hell the average afghan citizen had to put up with in the intervening years . 
  hindsight is 20/20 and all that . 
  its safe say the the world is still feeling the fallout from the cold war . 
  as it turns out , 2 superpowers treating the world like their plaything in an effort to one up each other fucks things up for everybody .
