  to someone with very limited experience with how europe actually is , that looks a hell of a lot like europeans being selfish and trying to keep all that free welfare , healthcare , education all to themselves , and its only going to make them want into europe more . 
  please enlighten me as to this `` encroachment '' of nato . 
  is nato threatening the sovereignty of any european country ? 
  which ones ? 
  you know countries do n't become members of nato unless they specifically ask to become members right ? 
  oh wait i forgot , its the secret nazi homogays doing everything behind the scenes . 
  carry on . 
  its because debt is meaningless when you can print your own money . 
   i get that , in very general terms , debt is not a good thing you 're thinking about this from an 18th century perspective , from when debtors prison was a thing . 
  the world has changed since then . 
  the nations of the world have made debt on a national level meaningless . 
  hell in the u.s. debt largely drives the economy , or a least it used to pre-2007 . 
  nope . 
  our bullshit quota was reached a long time ago . 
  we have no more room . 
  it should be noted that they struck the ypg , which is just another arm of the pkk , a terrorist organization . 
   i know jack-shit about belarus myself but i wonder are russians saying the same stuff about nato countries becoming provinces of america . 
  russia does say stuff like that . 
  or rather putin and his cronies say that because they 've convinced themselves that everyone behaves and thinks like they do . 
  getting away from the men so they can practice islam in peace ... thats like getting away from all the alcoholics so you can binge drink in peace . 
  admit the problem is fundamentally with your backwards ass religion , then you 'll actually be able to fix it . 
  bring on the oh so witty edgelord comments . 
  everyone fill in the `` oh noes !, 
  the evil corporashuns will get us ! '', 
  space on your bingo cards . 
  in america , you are thought of as europeans , simply as a convenience for us . 
  most of us simply do n't care which specific country you are from , because we got shit to do . 
  call it arrogance , stupidity , whatever . 
  we like our generalizations . 
  its the reason `` africa as a country '' became a meme , because at one point people here genuinely thought that bullshit without hesitation . 
  as usual , people on here just talk about doing shit without actually thinking about what it would entail . 
  creating a cohesive european nation would basically entail reversing one hundred thousand years or more of human psychology . 
  people do n't feel an attachment/fondness/loyalty to their nation because of some arbitrary bullshit like , `` oh i was born here , i guess i 'm loyal to where i was born . '', 
  most people are born in a place and live the majority of their adolescent lives there . 
  as a result , that place becomes a part of their identity . 
  even when they eventually move away as part of adulthood , their home remains a part of who they are until the day they die . 
  this is human nature and it wo n't be removed by simply declaring the united states of europe as a thing . 
  the way to remove the concept of attachment to one 's home , is to abolish the concept of home , or rather you move the concept up the chain of command . 
  which venture 's into creepy as fuck stalinist territory . 
  you prevent children from living in any one place too long , thereby preventing them from forming any kind of attachment to any one place , in turn preventing the child 's identity from ever associating with the concept . 
  or we can accelerate space exploration and further expand our frontier , so as we colonize other planets , we will naturally start to think of ourselves less as american , spanish , or german , and more as terrans , or martians , or enceladean . 
  i 'd prefer the latter . 
  american hand egg finally becomes global !, 
  i 'm a millennial myself , so i think that if european millennials are indeed more supportive of a `` european '' ideal or identity , its because they have no clue what obtaining such a thing would entail , nor do they know what they 'd have to sacrifice to obtain it . 
  maybe the millennial culture is so vastly different in the various countries of europe that i 'm really missing the mark , but i do n't think i 'm wrong when i say this : millennials are fuckin ' dumb . 
  and i do n't mean school education level . 
  as an ignorant american , i think it has less to do with nationalism being frowned upon , and more to do with europeans not giving a shit about europeans one or more borders over . 
  if there is one thing i 've learned about europe , its that apathy toward each other outclasses nearly everything else , except for when it comes to criticizing america , then it gets `` yurop stronk '' at lightspeed . 
  not that i blame them for this . 
  i 'm a user of reddit as well . 
  if i cared enough , i 'd change my middle name to apathy . 
  idk how big these new capacitors are , but current ultracapacitors are much larger than normal capacitors . 
  if they can shrink them , that 'd be pretty cool . 
  russia does n't have and has never had allies . 
  russia has always seen itself as the master and other nations as either slaves or tools . 
  if you were expecting russia to treat you as an equal , your dreams of peaceful cooperation were doomed to fail from the start . 
   fun fact !, 
  anders breivik was apparently a huge top gear fan , make of that what you will . 
  ahh , the old `` hitler liked dogs . 
  why do you like dogs ? 
  what are you a nazi ? '', 
  argument . 
   europe would come to help us right ? 
  except you do n't need conjecture in this case , because the u.s. supported hussein 's rise to power once the ba'athists overthrew the hashemites , and even supported him during the iran-iraq war . 
  reddit did n't exist back then but i 'm sure you could find plenty of criticism once the u.s. 's support of hussein became known . 
  i 'm just too lazy to go looking for it right now . 
  in texas its pretty much advisable for nearly everyone to go to 2 year colleges before transferring . 
  the reason being that the quality of education you 'll receive for the core curriculum classes is universally better than the core classes at 4 year universities . 
  in the case of universities with `` competitive '' athletic departments , a large portion of money goes to paying the coaches . 
  american college football coaches get a seriously disgusting amount of money . 
  there is plenty of blame to spread around . 
  some of it falls on the parents , for insisting their kids go to university even though the vast majority of these kids wo n't need a college education for their career . 
  a lot of it falls on the public school system itself for not giving these kids a proper financial education . 
  kids just are n't taught about this shit in high school , yet they are then permitted to potentially fuck their lives up beyond recourse . 
  i was lucky in that my parents taught me the basics of loans and debt when i was young . 
  i certainly did n't receive any help from my teachers . 
  holy shit thats the same person ? 
  i 'm not personally affected by the greek debt crisis , being american and all . 
  now i have a personal reason to hate the fuck out of this man . 
   effeminate behaviour kek, 
  so lovely of you to just go `` guns make bad thing . '', 
  and just sit back and feel proud of yourself for your undoubtedly superior argument . 
  the majority of weapons used in violent gang crime ( i.e. 
  the type of crime associated with poverty ) are either already illegal ( bought through illegal channels ) , or stolen from legal owners . 
  legal gun owners in the u.s. have one of the lowest crime rates of any demographic . 
  of the legal gun owners that do commit crime , to vast majority of those people are people who would have been refused a legal gun if the government was enforcing already existing laws , for reasons including but not limited to insanity , or a past felony conviction . 
  so your argument of poverty + gun = death and lawlessness is completely and utterly irrelevant to the issue at hand , which in case you 've forgotten , law abiding people should not be treated like they will turn into murderous lunatics the moment they touch a weapon . 
  the existing gun control laws in the u.s. were meant for the exact same thing your laws are . 
  the only problem is that no government agency enforces those existing laws . 
  normally gun control laws would fall under the jurisdiction of the atf , but right now they are indisposed : being too busy selling weapons to mexican drug cartel straw purchasers for what seems to be the express intent of killing mexican citizens ( and the occasional u.s. citizen as well ) . 
  our politicians keep forgetting that we still have gun control laws , so every so often they try to pass more laws that wo n't get enforced . 
  i do n't have an issue with immigrants . 
  i 'm not voting trump . 
  in fact , i wo n't be voting at all because i recognize that i as a person , and the populace as a whole , are powerless to change anything about the sham of a democracy the u.s. has , and the most i can do is to find some way of protecting myself and my family . 
  instead of sleepwalking to the voting booth to perpetuate the u.s. democracy sham , i 'll do what every other country does when its democracy has failed , i 'll boycott . 
  edit : nice to see the old r/europe argument de jure of calling someone you do n't agree with `` racist '' . 
  never change r/europe . 
  never change . 
  good thing nobody anywhere here is championing that people are free to do whatever the fuck they want . 
  you wo n't find gun owners supporting those assholes .
