  nice strawman though . 
  apparently everyone in your fantasy world turns into fucking lunatics the moment they lay hands on a firearm . 
  surely the police would have responded and saved her from being raped . 
  / s edit : wait i have a better one : she should have heeded the advice of that german politician and kept her attacker at arms distance . 
  while she 's at it , she should not have dressed so slutty . 
  imagine if every crime that ever happens in norway for example gets reported worldwide . 
  morons on reddit would think that norway has a massive crime problem , when in reality , crime is more than likely going down , its just being reported on by assholes with more regularity , likely to establish a bullshit narrative . 
  that is the situation in america with guns . 
  the media knows that reporting on bad shit that happens makes them way more money than reporting on good or neutral news . 
  so the best way to keep eyes glued to the screen and profits up is to report on as many shooting deaths as possible . 
  consequently , morons who do n't know how averages or statistics work get fed the narrative that gun violence is an epidemic , when in actuality , all evidence points to gun violence being at its lowest point in the nation 's history . 
  now broadcast that bullshit narrative worldwide , and it wo n't be just morons in the u.s. that believe it , but morons worldwide . 
  at least i have the option of defending myself . 
  yeah bad shit is gon na happen , thats the nature of humanity . 
  at least its better than putting my faith in a police force that has no incentive to protect me because its too busy covering up crimes by immigrants . 
  `` gee i hope the police , in their great benevolence , finds it within themselves to protect me today . '', 
  what a utopia . 
  when you refuse to defend your populace do n't be surprised when your populace decides to defend itself . 
  good on the german citizens . 
  yeah , those countries dressed like sluts . 
  they totally had it coming . 
  what the peasants in russia do is of no concern to putin . 
  my problem with the leftists/feminists/whatever is this goddamned infuriating implication that people only care about rape when `` foreigners '' do it . 
  its complete and utter bullshit . 
  am i really supposed to go out and protest every time a rape occurs ? 
  i would never have time for anything else . 
  what if a mass shooting happens ? 
  am i , in my infinitely empathetic worldview , supposed to just ignore a mass shooting and keep protesting against rape ? 
  people do n't go out and protest every rape , not because we do n't care about rape , but because its not even supposed to be our responsibility , and there are n't enough hours in the day to do that shit . 
  rape is already highly illegal , the cops need to do their fucking jobs . 
  i 'm so fucking sick of leftists insisting i do n't care enough about rape . 
  i 'm not ignoring rape committed by people of my ethnicity . 
  i expect the police to do their jobs , and i also realize that crime is going to happen regardless of police presence . 
  is n't that why all countries are supposed to have a criminal justice systems ? 
  so the responsibility to prevent , catch , try , convict , and sentence rapists does n't lie on the populace as a whole ? 
  by the way , what is the correct amount of condemnation that i should be personally responsible for ? 
  since according to feminism i clearly do n't feel enough concern for rape victims . 
  that was how it was in the 1920 's , but its not true now . 
  today thousands of latino people cross the southern u.s. border illegally . 
  i 'm not saying it would be easy , but all a syrian/afghan/north african would have to do to get is get a plane ticket to the mexican airport closest to the border , find a group of people already in the process of crossing illegally , and start walking . 
  the hardest part of that is getting the plane ticket , but the ones that do are basically guaranteed a stay in the u.s. mexican officials wo n't stop them , they are corrupt as fuck . 
  obama wanted to do what most people in europe would deem certifiably , padded walls , straight jacket wearing insane . 
  he wanted to give illegal immigrant amnesty . 
  the most hilarious part is , we know amnesty does n't work because we tried it in the 80 's and it royally fucked us . 
  til i 'm cattle because i had to be fingerprint scanned every goddamned time i clocked in and out with my old ( pseudo ) government job . 
  i should sue for discrimination . 
  i mean , if i was trying to start up internet censorship , the first thing i would do is block sites no european is likely to give a shit about . 
  that way the encroachment , even if it is seen , wo n't get people pissed off , simply because there are n't enough people who care about some nobody north american game dev . 
  then slowly work up from there . 
   under-educated , not financial stable , no money to look good , etc etc in that case they 'll fit right into the dating scene in the u.s. ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ can ^ ^ ^ here ^ ^ ^ your ^ ^ ^ siren ^ ^ ^ call ^ ^ ^ / r/foreveralone . 
  what the fuck is a `` fair '' distribution of refugees and who gets to define what `` fair '' is ? 
  is `` fair '' considered to be the country that is most welcoming of refugees gets the most , and the country that is the least welcoming gets the least ? 
  because that 's the only definition of `` fair '' thats even marginally sane , and would still be true to the dictionary definition of the word . 
  which iranian people are more progressive than saudi arabia ? 
  the ones that storm embassies , take people hostage , burn down buildings , and murder people ? 
  or the people responsible for the country having more executions than everywhere else in the world ? 
  or the ones that still stone women for adultery ? 
  unless your little fantasy alliance has nukes , self-defense is a pipe dream . 
  i thought this was well known in this day and age . 
  i think we all know how western europe views poland and the rest of eastern europe . 
  lets not beat around the bush here . 
  i would hope the u.s. views poland and the whole of eastern europe in a better , more equal light , but who fucking knows with how fucked our government is right now . 
  unfortunately poland will never be even close to a match unless they can afford to completely neglect their military in favor of welfare and social services . 
  i mean that 's how western and northern europe with the exception of britain became such `` progressive paradises '' is it not ? 
  when you do n't really have to spend a dime for military upkeep , nato agreements or not , providing all sorts of free shit to your population to keep them dependent and pliable is pretty easy . 
  i mean its a win-win both for nato ( read : america ) and the eu . 
  europe can get away with not even spending the token amount on defense , and in return america gets to keep its ( both economic and military ) sphere of influence . 
  poland has a pretty strong military , so thats a lot of money being spent that could be used on social services instead . 
  as western and northern europe have proven , there is much value in keeping the population completely dependent on the government . 
  shh dude , your gon na fuckin ' jinx us . 
  edit : actually , too late , we already have sanctuary cities that wo n't deport illegals no matter what horrific crime they commit , like san francisco . 
  `` you do n't care ** enough ** about rape . '', 
  tell me , is there some miracle machine that i can pop a $ 1 coin into and have it measure my humors and the surrounding aether concentration to tell me if the amount i care about rape is up to the standards of the average leftist ? 
  nobody in the world is under any obligation to humor putin . 
  any lack of options putin might have is a situation entirely of his own making . 
  any nuclear option putin uses that is not in strictest defense of recognized russian territory will be the end of his country , likely also the world . 
  its time to stop treating putin like some kind of rabid dog who who lacks the awareness to be responsible for his actions , who attacks at the slightest motion , while idiots in the background call it `` provocation '' . 
  there is no need to mention russian nuclear capability because we all know how it would turn out . 
  putin ( and the us ) have two options . 
  he either uses nukes to kill troops , to which the us would respond in kind , or he uses nukes on cities , to which the us would also respond in kind . 
  both options invariably lead to the world ending . 
  the us does n't want that to happen . 
  putin does not want that to happen either , despite his empty threats . 
  `` criticism '' ... yeah , right . 
  its because in america we do n't give a shit how we are viewed , but we love judging others . 
  even the corrupt do n't give a shit . 
  basically the thing that would make this a huge news story in the states is the fact that the mainstream media would instantly know how to turn the story into huge ratings and cash . 
  this is completely at odds with the * western ideals * \u2122 of most of northern and western europe . 
  edit : in fact , that is the easiest way to understand american news media . 
  whatever gets reported on the most is what the news station thinks will put the most asses in seats , or what will make the most money . 
  are they a source of instability in the middle east as a whole ? 
  yes . 
  are they a source of instability in saudi arabia specifically ? 
  absolutely fucking not . 
  i do n't know if you 've noticed but the royal family does n't give a shit about the rest of the middle east . 
  the whole exporting radicals thing is n't done for shits and giggles . 
  its done so the royal family does n't have to deal with the worst of them , and risk pissing off the clerics in the process . 
  if only the king had had the balls to de-power the clerics . 
  the clerics are the ones filling the people with islamist hatred . 
  i thought their best chance to do so was directly after 9/11 .
