  this is how it works ? 
  [ how about this ? 
  it will be used as `` evil europeans hate our guts , so vote for us '' propaganda , so it wo n't really have much of a positive effect anyway . 
   they couldn \u00b4 t say , had no idea how is that possible . 
  still wondering about that . 
  do n't try to find logical reason & conclusion relationships . 
  some people will just believe what they want to believe , even when presented with facts . 
  tasted of despair , tears and blood . 
  so yeah it tasted good . 
  revenge is always a good justification . 
  turks use it about the armenian genocide too . 
  guess some people think the same regardless of ethnicity . 
  and ? 
  so it was just taking care of traitors ? 
  you guys should decide if those who were killed were natives forcibly converted to islam or were turkish colonists . 
  you ca n't use these two justifications at the same time . 
  they mostly blame other things for the economy going to shit though . 
  like foreign powers for example . 
   many turkish guest workers know what it is like to live in a prosperous country and they support erdo\u011fan more than the turks living in turkey ( who are poorer than european turks btw ) . 
   left -  implying they did n't get slaughtered edit : why do n't people recognize and understand all atrocities committed by mankind against their fellow man rather than selecting which atrocities to `` market '' and which atrocities to justify ? 
  we ate all the churches and christians . 
  kemalists were purged years ago . 
  i 'm not a diaspora turk . 
  i 'm telling what i 'm seeing . 
  if you claim the other side is all terrorists , you are making less people less likely to side with them , because they do n't want to get branded the same . 
  a lot of people already see hdp as terrorists and think chp is cooperating with hdp ( thus pkk ) . 
  to them it 's not a big stretch of logic . 
  those people in street interviews who claim they vote yes because of those who vote no do n't exist in a vacuum . 
  the ones who do n't live in turkey are very pro-akp more than turks living in turkey because they are living abroad feeding from akp propaganda channels not experiencing the reality in turkey and believing in their own delusional alternate reality about turkey . 
  taking the capital province forcibly from another party is a pretty `` large scale '' to me . 
  large scale does n't mean changing the result to 100 % -0 % . 
  even something simple like dead people voting should not be tolerated . 
  if referendum becomes close with percentages like 45-55 , they can literally change the result of the referendum by tipping the result 3-4 percentages off . 
   i highly doubt they can literally change the result of the referandum without getting caught . 
  oh they 'll caught while doing it alright . 
  but who will stand up to them ? 
  like how they stood up to having their province taken from them ? 
  lol . 
  wow , you actually believe the voters will know what the changes are about before voting . 
  this reminds me of a street interview done some weeks ago about the referendum . 
  people get asked why they will vote yes/no . 
  no voters say `` because i 'm against dictatorship '' and things like that . 
  yes voters say `` because i 'm against pkk/hdp/fet \u00d6 / dhkp-c/foreign powers . '', 
  or `` because of no voters '' or `` because of strong turkey '' or `` because i want better economy '', 
  why would you think that ? 
  because actually it 's the exact opposite . 
  if you divide the people , get them to see each other as traitors whose blood must be spilled , it 's much easier to control them . 
   he is running out of external enemies to gather support for his dictatorial means . 
  currently we are focusing on the failed state of terrorist germany . 
   the turks will wake up at some point from this bad dream and realise how silly they were to vote for this megalomaniac . 
  doubt it . 
  some akp voters are voting no but they 'd vote for erdo again in the next election . 
  polls in turkey are not trustable . 
  do n't get complacent, 
   not really . 
  there never was a large scale fraud in elections https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/electoral_fraud_and_violence_during_the_turkish_general_election,_june_2015 also akp stealing ankara off chp in the last local election . 
  that counting was public too . 
  it was interesting to watch the vote count of chp actually decrease . 
  do n't be complacent . 
  election fraud in turkey is a real thing , it happens , and we all should be on the lookout for it . 
  even if they do electricity blackout throughout the country again , votes will be counted under the light of candles . 
   i love how there were random electricity cuts in anti-erdogan areas . 
  what 's funnier is the government claimed the electricity blackout throughout the country happened because a cat entered an electrical substation . 
  usually they do n't go for the effort of justifying the things they do . 
  for example in the last local elections ankara voted for chp but akp took it anyway . 
  nobody could say anything . 
  ankara chp mp protested for a while that 's all . 
  he kinda does . 
  and people remember turks for more about conquests and genocides than any positively great things anyway lol . 
  actually expect him to do reelections if he loses . 
  he 'll try to have a bigger majority to pass the changes without a referendum . 
   whenever someone drops a kebab in germany , the german embassador to turkey is summoned . 
  do not disrespect the kebab call the kebab police !, 
  they want more yes votes . 
  so they 'll create external enemies for that . 
  simple dictator strategies . 
  are n't you the guy who has `` fascist '' as a flair in / r/turkey ? 
  here is some material for you . 
  it was obvious that turkey had no intention of joining and eu had no intention of accepting . 
  it was a diplomatic move more than anything else . 
  most people have woken up to the charade though . 
  turkey in eu , what a joke . 
  earth will be an inhospitable wasteland and humans will live in space before that happens . 
  at least we wo n't have to debate if turkey is in europe or asia after that lol . 
  apathy , hopelessness , defeatism is a stronger factor than fear . 
  i mean , even though i say this , i know if no wins in the referendum akp will just do reelections to pass the changes without a referendum , or try to referendum again at a later date , or do some big fraud to pass the referendum , so it 's difficult for me to give a fuck too , but you got ta do what you got ta do . 
  there are really people in europe that care about free press in turkey . 
  as a direct effect of european press focusing more on what goes on in turkey behind the veil . 
   you are expecting something from mainstream european press , that no press in the world would ever do , something that even the free turkish press would never do . 
  you are expecting them to have detailed knowledge about other things inside another country that are quite complex . 
  this is what all press should strive to be like . 
  when press starts to mislead people or talk about things it has no idea about , then it 's a problem . 
   ergenekon is nothing the normal european cares about . 
  why would he ? 
  i 'm not talking about the normal european , i 'm talking about european media and european governments . 
  normal european citizen could care less about anything happening outside of their country , like most people in the world . 
   the west is bad , they supported erdogan when we voted for him i never voted for him . 
   now , when the west is once looking at turkey suddenly really scared by the posssibilitie of a sultan at his gates good fucking morning . 
  you probably have n't heard about the corruption scandals either . 
  the videos were released before erdo\u011fan became anti-west so your media probably did n't mention it too much .
