  when i learned trump won , i just started laughing like a maniac lol . 
  if le pen wins i 'll laugh harder but that wo n't happen fortunately . 
  my faith in humanity and democracy took enough hits lately , i ca n't take more . 
  need voters ? 
  just import some people who are likely to vote for you and give them citizenship . 
  what could go wrong ? 
  let 's call usa `` trumpistan '' to avoid this whole `` america '' confusion . 
  s. america will be thankful . 
  in english : nietzsche in turkish : ni\u00e7e . 
  english needs some of these letters . 
  dem votes . 
  he wants that as a payment for turning turkey into a refugee buffer zone . 
  that 's never gon na happen though . 
  things suck but turkish secularists and leftists wo n't throw their passports in a dumpster and hole up in europe until erdo\u011fan dies or something . 
  maybe if civil war breaks out . 
  they get nosier in march , but got ta let the little fellas have their fun . 
  tbh our cats are probably too fat and lazy to chase mice too . 
  they are treated just as good ( vaccinated and tracked by the government , fed by the people ) but outside of the big cities things are worse . 
  in sakarya there was a big scandal about poisoned dogs . 
  some suggested the municipality was involved but they dismissed the claim . 
  the municipality said that the police was on the case and they also said they decided to hire vets for this . 
  and occasionally there are news about rabid dogs attacking people . 
  such news are rare in the big cities . 
  you must have seen ear clippings on dogs . 
  that 's how they are kept track of . 
  how to solve a catsplosion : dwarven atom smasher let 's hope nobody understands the reference and i do n't get banned . 
  fun fact : in the last election we had an electricity blackout ... just at the exact moment when the election was happening ... for some mysterious reason . 
  our energy minister said a cat went inside an electricity substation and that why most of turkey 's regions had no electricity . 
  either our government is lying or our government is so incompetent a rebel cat can sabotage a substation and cause blackouts throughout the entire country . 
  so in a sense , cats of \u0130stanbul are an anti-government militia force that occasionally sabotages government infrastructure . 
  by that logic they are even more deserving of upvotes !, 
  you hate turkey ? 
  you upvote submissions about freedom fighting cats of turkey . 
  `` cats on internet '' synergy is a nice bonus too . 
  there is plenty of food and cat shelters on streets provided by people . 
  some of the ones i see in street are insanely fat i just wonder what the hell they have been eating . 
  one day cats will become the majority in the city . 
  that 's why \u0130stanbul is so free of rats and the like . 
  and it still crawls with birds . 
  i feed them on my window every day . 
  \u0130stanbul will probably have a cat problem of some sorts years later . 
  everyone keeps feeding them and building shelters for them , so it 's not like their population can go down naturally . 
  i do n't know what kind of an effect it will have if they keep increasing in numbers . 
  they are fuckin cute though . 
  how can you not hate 'em i mean look at what they do to their [ women ] ( https://images.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=http%3a%2f%2f3.bp.blogspot.com%2f-pkp--2oxduq%2fulchmyjmooi%2faaaaaaaaadu%2ffjquw4aj3bq%2fs1600%2fburka_cat__37817.jpg&amp;f=1 ) . 
  appalling . 
  what is the government saying about this ? 
  are they just hiding and hoping that the protests die down and this whole thing is forgotten about ? 
  school forces you to . 
  if you do n't memorize it you are just gon na fail your chemistry classes . 
  my biggest problem was maths though . 
  i kept forgetting formulas and and even when i got everything right i lost focus and made some simple substraction/division/addition / multiplication mistakes and my answer was wrong . 
  i wanted to become a programmer but my maths was just really bad i said fuck it and became a translator . 
  we read shop signs for the practice so we do n't forget to read !, 
  in the last year of my high school , the classroom was basically a k\u0131raathane . 
  teacher talking with students on what football matches to bet on , students reading newspapers in class , students playing card games , sneaking to restrooms to smoke a cigarette when they can . 
  i mostly just slept through classes or read novels . 
  school is a fucking waste of time . 
  i met my best friends there though , that 's the only plus for me . 
   i mean ... yes ? 
  really ? 
  that 's weird . 
  nobody in turkey bothers with reading it except for the really devout people , so they just listen to `` experts '' telling them what quran is . 
  it 's really dumb . 
  he means when villagers move to cities , they bring their villager mindset with them rather than adapting to city life and learning city manners , things like not throwing thrash on the ground or covering up your mouth when you sneeze or basic traffic rules . 
  and the cities they live in adapt to them instead . 
   questions about books were in exams i just memorized that shit , like everyone . 
   i think we simply do n't like reading books i do n't think something like that can be attributed to national differences . 
  school made me hate books . 
  i voluntarily started to read in high school and realized that they can be enjoyable . 
  but we live in the western provinces . 
  in eastern provinces books are seen as a waste of time and are too expensive so it 's even worse there . 
  yeah i memorized words without knowing what they mean . 
  aquifer for example , in high school . 
  i memorized the definition of it which is just some meaningless jargon for me . 
  i gave that answer at the exam , which was a true answer , but i still had no idea what the fuck aquifer meant . 
  then i played a video game ( dwarf fortress ) that has aquifers then i learned what it is . 
  also , periodic table . 
  that fucker was difficult to memorize . 
  yes they still believe it . 
  do all christians read the bible ? 
   how many atheists really are there in turkey ? 
  statistics are unreliable about this topic . 
  i never did . 
  there was an hour every week where we were forced to read a random book . 
  nobody read anything though , everyone just fooled around . 
  sounds unbelievable , i know . 
  the western areas are better about it but the southeast basically has no life . 
  edit : wait did you find the book reading part unbelievable or art culture part ? 
  again the southeast is bringing book reading stats down . 
  we used to have rural schools called village institutions but they were closed down because us wanted us to ( to combat the commie threat and to keep villagers ignorant and docile before they asked for things like better working conditions ) . 
  things were better before that . 
  really , 40 % of turks never reading a book seems more plausible to me than % 70 of turks never attending any cultural or arts events . 
  you can ( excluding school books ) . 
  i could if i wanted to . 
  there is a stereotype in turkey about all architects being laz . 
  so while every character in the movie speaks with perfect \u0130stanbul turkish , they had that egyptian architect guy speaking with a laz accent . 
  and laz accent sounds funny to us \u0130stanbullers . 
  also the dubbers were just talented which is something hard to come by . 
  italians know their shit .
