  occupation is unlawful but turkey had a right to intervene . 
  edit : people who downvote me please go read the events that lead up to turkey 's invasion . 
  turks did n't wake up one day and went `` oh it 's a good day to invade cyprus '' as people here seem to think . 
  imo cyprus should be reunited but there probably will be ethnic conflicts if that happens , even people here see turks as colonists who have no right to be there . 
  even russia ca n't help it . 
  no need to make `` we thought brexit and trump was impossible too '' no you thought it was impossible . 
  le pen has a * much * lower chance of happening . 
  turkey elected a kurdish leader once . 
  it can happen again . 
  after erdo\u011fan is dead possibly lol . 
  it 's not the majority of turks but yeah even 49 % is too high even when you add the orwellian government propaganda we have , arrest + firing + oppression of people who campaign against akp and election fraud . 
  akp has like 30 % base support who will never change their votes , they are like football team supporters , they 'll vote for akp no matter what . 
  their brains are so washed it 's a wonder that they do n't go catatonic . 
  the shit they believe in is like a fantasy world . 
  occasionally i watch akit ( government propaganda channel ) it 's like watching a fictional world . 
  they got % 40 but they did the elections again , in the same year . 
  if akp loses an election they 'll just redo it again until they get more votes lol . 
  chp actually won ankara in the earlier local elections but akp took it anyway . 
  until election fraud problem is fixed in turkey , do n't have much expectations from turkish election results . 
  nowadays they are arresting people who are campaigning for the referendum . 
  some people are fired from their jobs because they declared they 'll be voting no . 
  i 'm sure fraud will happen also . 
  in an environment like this i find it funny that people here treat turkey like an democratic country . 
  it 's a democratic country when it 's time to hate turks , it 's an authoritarian country when it 's time to hate turkey . 
  oh whatever i hate my own countrymen too lol . 
  but yeah 49 % voting for akp is too high considering the shit they do , even with government propaganda , oppression against the opposition , election fraud , shitty election laws like 10 % election threshold , etc. 
  so i ca n't argue with that either way . 
  nowadays they are calling the referendum opposition terrorists, 
  lol m8 shitty edgelords are butthurt ikr, 
  of course he is . 
  all turks are 100 % pure altaic blood none of that disgusting outsider blood has entered our gene . 
  my dick simply refuses to enter foreigner vaginas . 
  that would make them go crazy lol . 
  the clusterfuck is real though . 
  we should marry off erdo\u011fan 's son and daughter to either armenian , kurdish or greek rulers for non-aggression pacts . 
  better take care of % 100 decadence first though . 
  call it by its ' proper name , yo\u011furt . 
  there are more than two parties in turkey you know . 
  every turk has a different opinion about this . 
  not even turks agree on it . 
  we are a mix of europe and middle east . 
  middle easterners complain that we are ultra-secularist westerner-wannabes , europeans see us as muslims . 
  i do n't think we 'll ever be part of one . 
  and we do n't have anything to do with central asia anymore . 
  btw you should take a look at [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sultanate_of_women ) if you are interested about this stuff . 
  this is a topic neo-ottomanists in turkey wo n't admit to lol . 
  let 's hope he did n't do anything funny to the pizza . 
  lol almost everyone there is like `` now you understand how we have been treated like for years ! '', 
  as a turk that was my thought too while i was reading that whinepost . 
  maybe we should try being nicer to each other and not being judgemental at the sight of flairs . 
  because everyone feels vilified . 
  it 's really annoying when someone blames me for something my country did or is doing . 
  the op seemed like a guy with an agenda . 
  you can pick these guys apart easily from the way they talk . 
  they are usually more subtle than this though . 
  one thread of misinformation and you are pissed off ? 
  try being a turk on / r/europe . 
  misinformation is common in reddit , just ignore and move on . 
  yeah it sucks but it happens all the time to everyone . 
  you get called a fascist . 
  i get called genocidal . 
  or not worthy of living in \u0130stanbul . 
  or some other bullshit . 
  ( though mods are quick to handle such comments ) . 
   ` ottamans loved gay sex ' [ no kidding ] ( https://4.bp.blogspot.com/-masbk0depbw/vxkbsrejw3i/aaaaaaaafou/7iebjg87c5chji0m_ha6ckrjvugxkh_ngclcb/s1600/oglanlarin-grup%2bseksi.jpg ), 
  / r/isturkeysafe /, 
  strangely tame this time . 
  i was expecting at least one `` it 's safe except that we behead foreigners for fun so watch yourself '' that one is always a classic . 
  to be honest it 's not as good as it used to be . 
  statistically you still literally have a higher chance of dying in traffic or something , but i dunno . 
  if i tell you to go for it and then you experience something like that , i 'd feel like shit . 
  you do n't even have to try when it comes to pkk and kurds . 
  it 's so simple to trigger them by using this topic it 's basically cheating . 
  it 's true , but the government 's standing is more complex than that . 
  it would make half the population think better of you and other half want to throw you off a cliff . 
  if that 's happening in europe , it 's filled with erdo\u011fan 's fanatics so you are more likely to run into an akp idiot there . 
  i prefer to call \u0130stanbul by its ' true name , miklagard , anyone who calls it by any other name are edgy shitlords who are trying to get other people triggered . 
  `` soccer '' i can not think of a derpier name than that . 
  it 's football . 
  futbol . 
  turks call it futbol too . 
  actually the d\u00f6ner i ate in germany was much better than the d\u00f6ner i 'm eating in turkey . 
  they just have this awesome sauce man . 
  and they do n't cheap out on the amount of meat they put . 
  meat is expensive in turkey . 
  i call this `` europeans misunderstand us !! 1 ! '', 
  annoyance we have * the midnight express effect . 
  *  most of them are wrong or really stupid . 
  that 's why it 's annoying lol . 
   it 's annoying to see a bunch of stupid posts at the bottom of every thread . 
  better than seeing them on top . 
  and by nature stupid posts are supposed to be at the bottom . 
  if they are at top then it 's time to leave that sub . 
  yeah it annoys the crap outta me too but you know if someone does n't make a comment like that , the thread just feels missing lol . 
  ask him why he does n't wear fez like normal turks do . 
  desert does n't mean lack of forests lol . 
  ooh boy if that keeps up we 'll be living in a city full of gray concrete . 
  we might as well fill the bosporus with concrete . 
  it 's the guys running this country are allergic to green spaces . 
  food debates annoy everyone in the balkans lol .
