  people pay no mind to that weird rectangle next to spain but behind their unassuming shape , one must be blind to not see the world domination plans that one day they 'll execute . 
  we all must be ready for that day . 
  that turkish dub was awesome . 
  laz architect accent was a genius idea . 
  turkish translations were splendid . 
  asterix , spirou and fantasio , lucky luke , tintin , i read them all when i was young . 
  my mother threw them all away because she thought it was just garbage . 
  she is always throwing something important away lol . 
  edit : btw we call lucky luke ` red kit ' for some reason i do n't know . 
  that 's fair . 
  military dictatorship versus communist dystopia . 
  military dictatorship is probably better as long as you do n't get reported to police for suspicious communist activities even though you are innocent but the thing is countries that got a taste of soviet workers ' heaven are more inclined to dislike russia and the countries that got a taste of american liberty and democracy are more inclined to dislike us . 
  we all make comparisons by looking at our experiences . 
  it 's a stick with both ends full of shit . 
  image does n't say soviets , it says russia . 
  and yes i know russia is no saint either , nowhere did i say that . 
   but greece and turkey truly are sad examples . 
  why is it so surprising ? 
  us supported a coup in both that lead to deaths and trampling of human rights . 
  the coup in greece led to ... well usual coup things , and turkey invading northern cyprus and the coup in turkey led to rise of erdo\u011fan . 
  us had a much more direct role in the coup of turkey compared to greece but still . 
  us also supports militant groups that are hostile to turkey right now . 
  it 's only expected that there will be distrust . 
  neither of them loves russia but they see russia as the lesser of two evils . 
  i 'd personally go with us if i had to choose but it 's not unthinkable that some would go for russia . 
  usa supports/installs dictatorships in the name of democracy , russia just straight fucks you up . 
  turkey and russia makes sense considering the distrust turks have for us . 
  backing a coup in turkey , supporting militant groups hostile to turkey , etc. 
  it 's like making a choice between cancer and gangrene . 
  with gangrene you are gon na lose a limb but cancer is gon na fuck you up worse . 
  if none was an option , it would win in turkey . 
  only friend of the turk is the turk and all that . 
  a lot of what you said goes for turkey as well . 
  us backed so many coups and committed atrocities to fight commies around the globe . 
  books banned , people hanged , innocents jailed , all to please the democratic and liberal us . 
  that 's mostly friendly banter than anything serious really . 
  ask a brit , serb , turk or greek . 
  in a year or two we will turn him into a monster . 
  gtfo you people with opinions differing than mine * downvotes every comment in thread *, 
  not wanting to deal with annoying people is cowardly ? 
  you have the sweden flair , of course you have it easy ( see what i did there ), 
  remove your flair . 
  problem fixed . 
  it 's annoying to have your country waved at you whenever you criticize someone else . 
  imo mods of / r/europe should just remove flag flairs completely . 
  people are too judgemental and discriminating for a system like this . 
  edit : yeah i 'm turkish before anyone goes through my comment history . 
  as if / r/europe is so great whenever a specific topic gets mentioned . 
   as to point 3 , according to one study the generation z is much more likely to believe in fake news . 
  well , that explains redditors . 
   total population  poland : 1,916 ( 2007 ) sorry , i did n't know there was such a high number of muslims already living in poland . 
  they integrated so well you probably have to look for them hard to find any . 
  [ i 'll give you a link too ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/refugees_of_the_syrian_civil_war ) . 
  how does her fanbase balance `` muslims want to change our lifestyle '' and `` homosexuals should change their lifestyle '' ? 
  how many migrants from syria do you have today ? 
  if only . 
  the intelligence of this sub shines in threads like this . 
  that 's reasonable . 
  it 's illogical to call it a `` muslim ban '' and then ban a whole country which certainly is n't 100 % muslim . 
  why saudi arabia , the country that funds the kind of terrorism that plagues the western world , is n't banned ? 
   i still do n't understand why people call a travel ban racist it 's not racist , it 's not xenophobic , it 's not anything . 
  when a country is banned , atheists living there ca n't travel here too . 
  or people of other minority ethnicities . 
  or homosexuals . 
  so it just bans everyone without making a discrimination . 
  there is no word to define this . 
  this is more about religion than culture or race really . 
  but of course , there will always be `` dey turk yur jerbs '' kinda people who hate all outsiders equally . 
  i already received an `` it 's because they fought muslims some centuries ago '' answer thank you very much . 
  also it happened 1300 years ago . 
  but it 's probably a defense-offense thing . 
  we all remember the angle and saxon menace , their invasions , things they forced the britons to endure . 
  you laugh , but the people of britannia have been scarred deeply by this and their history affects them now more than ever . 
  no more invaders , the people say , no more invaders . 
  also up there in another comment they are talking about reconquista ( it happened 1300 years ago , you may not , but i still remember that day , and it affects me deeply ) . 
  but anyway , wan na articulate your point ? 
  because it 's not obvious at all . 
  ** edit ** : the deleted comment basically said `` none of that has any effect '' in an insulting way . 
  btw , i thought about it again , and i think i 'll go out on a limp here and say that people wan na ban muslims because of recent terror attacks , not because they fought muslims centuries ago . 
  and when it 's not happening in your country , the media tends to control your perspective . 
  i dunno , maybe i 'm the weird one here . 
  i do n't like arguing against my own point about angles and saxons , though , that was pretty cool . 
  poland and hungary is fed up with the dozens of muslims they have !, 
  of course he wo n't . 
  in an akp youth branch conference an akp member said there will be a civil war if no wins . 
  akp wo n't take no for an answer . 
  absolutely . 
  that 's why you 420 blaze it ottur g\u00fcnah\u0131 yoktur instead . 
  it was n't my intention to anger any yugoslavians . 
  or whatever they call themselves nowadays . 
  yeah i mean they are still pretty much ottoman anyway , just look at their cuisine . 
  ffs guys trump and brexit was n't dozens of percentages apart from being a possibility . 
  the polls showed that they stood a chance . 
  le pen though , she has no chance . 
  sure why not . 
  persian = muslim = arab = kebab, 
  they are muslim , that means they are arab, 
  i am not turkey . 
  which treaty gave greece a right to annex cyprus ? 
  by `` ethnically cleanse '' do you mean the bloodbath that happened before turkey intervened ?
