  at best us supported a coup in turkey which laid the foundation of erdo\u011fan 's rise . 
  us direct help to erdo\u011fan himself is debatable . 
  but yeah i agree with you , turkey 's recent failures is on turkey itself , even when you exclude election fraud and brainwashing . 
  islamists are easily to control because they are more power-hungry . 
  secularists tend to put their own country 's interest above , which makes bribing them to let them have their country exploited difficult . 
  moderate democratic islamist extremist dictators are the best puppets money can buy . 
   where does this notion that nobody in europe cared for erdogans bullshit before ? 
  and why does that make you so angry ? 
  there is a visible increasing anti-erdo\u011fan rhetoric in western media , compared to when erdo\u011fan was still loyal to the west . 
  most europeans seem to think erdo\u011fan became like this just recently , while he was a cunt like this for a long time . 
  [ this cover ] ( http://img.timeinc.net/time/images/covers/europe/2011/20111128_400.jpg ) for example would look out of place if it was done today . 
  this is because europe only cares about keeping turkey aligned with the west , this concern for the free press is just for show . 
  western powers have a tendency to support islamists and then bitch about islamism later . 
  but i thought muslims conquered sweden and france has turned into a battlefield with shariaist forces making huge gains nowadays . 
  + but they make good food . 
  i think i can live with this image . 
  why should anyone have the right to impose their lifestyle on a country they have n't even been born in ? 
  some people are simple . 
  if tv tells people economy is good , that means economy is good . 
  he is probably an akp supporter . 
  he tries to hide the fact that everyone in turkey ( 80 millions of people ) has been imprisoned . 
  yeah that 's right . 
  do n't let fuckers like that get away with playing dumb . 
  we are all imprisoned . 
  apartments have been converted into prisons . 
  erdo\u011fan locked us all in , threw away the keys , then he locked ** himself ** in a cell as well and swallowed the key . 
  `` i just ca n't fucking stop !, 
  i need to imprison everyone including myself ! '', 
  we heard him yelling . 
  i 'm basically sitting at my cell writing this . 
  i wish he let at least one guy out to deliver us food or something . 
  / u/frecoplo , please , come free all the turks . 
  you can do it reddit !, 
  i doubt un holds middle east to high standards . 
  this sub went to shit after it got big . 
  i do n't see this as good news . 
   i would say easily 60-80 % of turkish youth agree with grey wolves ideology , mhp can barely stay above 10 % in polls . 
  but sure turks are fascist genocidal maniacs who want to establish ottoman empire in europe . 
  i eat crying armenian babies for breakfast and drink greek blood every night . 
  i see europe 's longest running butthurt is still going . 
  why do n't you deport every turk if you see them as a threat ? 
  if only reddit ruled european countries . 
  they act like economy is all dandy and shit . 
  one day it will get so much worse they wo n't be able to ignore it . 
  of course it 's a greek complaining about atat\u00fcrk , 
  everyone likes to blame chp . 
  chp is blamed for teaming up with far-right populist ultra-nationalist ultra-fascist pan-turkish turanist pro-grey wolves pro-death & destruction mega-nazi mhp and also pro-terrorist ultra-communist anti-turk stalinist hdp as well . 
  so the party is blamed for teaming up with separatist kurds and nationalist turks at the same time by different people . 
  the reality is , chp is willing to work with anyone to topple akp . 
  anyway , today mhp teamed up with akp and only chp and hdp remains as opposition parties . 
  what you said about \u0130stanbul has been changing lately . 
  it 's been so long since i went to taksim . 
   here in greece the news were saying that after the coup erdogan came out stronger but i find it hard to believe that after all these arrests and all these violations of human rights his popularity has n't suffer ... do you think that the majority of people that voted for him still support him ? 
  akp 's propaganda tools can change every negative thing into a positive thing . 
  those arrests actually increased erdo\u011fan 's support . 
  coup especially skyrocketed akp support thanks to rhetorics such as `` we are the defenders of democracy against evil coupists '' and `` foreign countries fund , arm and shelter terrorists to hurt turkey '' and `` everyone wants to destroy turkey '' if people feel threatened because of external threats , they vote for akp . 
  this is why akp is barking at greece these days . 
  only retarded neckbeards jerking at wwiii scenarios would believe akp actually intends to invade greece . 
   election fraud is something that has already happened or something that you afraid it will happen in the future ? 
  it 's something that has already happened . 
  ankara voted for chp during regional elections , but akp took it anyway after recounting . 
  they just do re-elections or recountings if they do n't like the result . 
  electric blackout throughout the country during election , dead people voting , boxes and boxes of votes being found in places and other similar suspicious things or outright blatant fraud is common . 
  i have no doubt something fishy will happen during the referendum . 
  turkish elections are fucked . 
  threshold is the least of our problems . 
  imo our biggest problem right now is election fraud . 
  let 's make `` would x or y win in a war ? '', 
  discussion again . 
  i love discussions like this in / r/europe . 
   it is no different that lies of brexit campaign . 
  remember the `` turks are coming ! '', 
  rhetoric brexiters used ? 
  as if turkey actually has a chance of joining eu in this current millennia at least . 
  politicians say weird shit when a critical election or referendum is coming . 
  our politicians only bark , they do n't bite . 
  greece has nothing to be afraid of . 
  edit : i forgot how much reddit can be retarded about potential war scenarios . 
  yeah guys it 's still fucking 60s-70s over here . 
  wwiii when ? 
  that `` expected '' number will eventually increase . 
  most of syrian refugees in turkey will never return , especially the ones who are already living and working in cities and not camps ( around 80 % of refugees ) . 
  and erdo\u011fan can get away with it if he plays his cards right . 
  remind yourself this comment in when the time for next election comes . 
  there are tensions but not much . 
  occasionally a syrian stabs or rapes some turk and it makes the news . 
  also the government does n't tax them so they got a competitive advantage if they are running shops . 
  some people are pissed but akp supporters are too busy worshiping erdo\u011fan they are n't gon na protest or anything . 
  yeah . 
  i do n't need to read an article to learn that . 
  i just need to walk around \u0130stanbul and the situation is apparent . 
  several districts have turned into little syrias . 
  just places where everyone speaks syrian and every sign is in syrian . 
  you guys managed to get better before degrading into a dictatorship . 
  that scenario is currently possible for turkey . 
  it will continue increasing because erdo\u011fan needs more voters to hand out citizenships to and europe will be throwing money at us to persuade us to ruin our demographics so they wo n't have to . 
  win-win for erdo\u011fan , lose-lose for citizens of turkey . 
  the government is already placing syrian refugees on liberal secularist aegean provinces to bring those places closer to islamist-conservative ideology . 
  ideological cleansing is underway . 
  when i want to feel better about my shithole of a country , i just browse / r/politics .
