  now give me karma . 
  that 's what erdo\u011fan wants to do . 
  piss off europeans so bad they really support terrorists , this way he wo n't have to lie about eu supporting terrorists . 
  too bad eu is n't ruled by triggered neckbeards in reddit tho . 
  the best alternative is to do nothing . 
  let them ruin the country . 
  if we do n't go down to the shitter we will never realize how much of a mistake it was to elect erdo\u011fan in the first place . 
  otherwise the people will elect a guy even worse than erdo\u011fan eventually . 
  europe only got better after wwii . 
  fill a glass with rak\u0131 and smoke a joint . 
  the dutch people should n't take him seriously . 
  he is trying to cause radicalization and polarization . 
  can you guys stop saying that in every thread about turkey ? 
   dissidents will be no more hopeless because erdo went all-out during the referendum campaign and he lost . 
  the clowns around him and his voterbase will drop him in the moment they see he does n't hold the power . 
  typical authoritarian regime thingies , you know . 
  that 's childishly optimistic . 
  if no wins , erdo will cause a crisis , maybe domestically or maybe with another country . 
  something that will justify the things he plans to do . 
  do you really think they 'll go silently ? 
  they 'll justify a reelection and get a majority . 
  then they 'll try to pass the changes without a referendum . 
  or them may try a referendum again in a different atmosphere . 
  erdo\u011fan has gone too far to turn back . 
  the youth are already getting brainwashed . 
  there is no hope for the future . 
   clear mind  implying akp supporters have clean minds, 
  i stopped taking what the government says seriously years ago and i live in turkey . 
  as a turk even i ca n't blame you . 
  thanks !, 
  in turkish there is a saying `` it iti \u0131s\u0131rmaz '' literally meaning `` dog does not bite a dog '' ( literally not true btw ) which is supposed to mean `` vile people do n't cause harm to each other '' despite it being a saying it 's not a politically correct sentence , so it does n't excuse erdo\u011fan . 
  actually it 's now more offensive that you know the meaning . 
  at this point we need something like / r/blackpeopletwitter which includes weird shit akp politicians and supporters do or say . 
   tells dutch citizens of turkish descent : you know what you will do in the elections , do you not ? 
  and now you know why akp politicians are this hostile towards europe . 
  they want to create polarization ( like they do in turkey ) so people will vote yes in the referendum . 
  reactionary politics . 
  that 's not high actually . 
   nicolae teslea is he related to nikolettin teslao\u011flu , the ottoman inventor ? 
  come ooon , you know you want to stab dat juicy orange mate . 
  if you stand up to akp , you also help the very imminent rise of a murderous dictator . 
  akp can turn it into something positive either way . 
  democracy is a shitty system . 
  i sent you a link but automoderator deleted it . 
  they are n't gon na do shit . 
  it 's just empty barking . 
  * operation : secret kebab compromised *, 
  pouring coca-cola on streets to protest israel still comes on top as the dumbest protest ever . 
  whenever you want to lower your iq score just read turkish politics . 
  [ we shall drink the soul of fascist dutch like this !, 
  * chugs orange juice * ] ( https://i.imgur.com/n19uhnv.jpg ), 
  i 'm not telling you to care , i 'm just explaining the situation . 
  also erdo\u011fan wants to create external enemies to justify his authoritarian methods hence him barking at everyone from greece to netherlands like a dog . 
  except s\u00fcleyman the law-giver was actually a competent leader , as opposed to a bumbling buffoon . 
  expect even more idiocy until referendum is over . 
  the thing he said actually happened once already . 
  no doubt . 
  more like they care about imposing their oppressive ideology on turkey . 
   i 'd rather not substantiate erdogan 's rhetoric that the west is out to get turkey too late for that . 
  they are delusional and have no idea what turkey is like . 
  that 's about it . 
  because akp needs more yes votes in the referendum . 
  akp 's propaganda methods may not be as obvious to europeans but we got used to this . 
  also , she is a woman and she is wearing a hijab . 
  that doubles the victim points . 
  more victim points equal more votes . 
  after the `` oppressive kemalist rule '' akp supporters are attracted to `` hijabi woman is mistreated !, 
  we are the victims !, 
  dey took yer religion ! '', 
  this reminds me , the government fabricated a lie about a hijabi getting sexually assaulted by a group of protesters during gezi once . 
  according to propaganda , a group of leather-clad men circled around a woman and put their dicks in her face . 
  at least creative . 
  they probably sent that bitch over there knowing she wo n't be allowed in . 
  this will help akp 's propaganda machine yet i just ca n't help but laugh . 
  mentally challenged people do n't follow logic . 
  plz no, 
  careful , they bite . 
  are people really getting triggered by this shitty troll who ca n't even speak turkish right ? 
  lol, 
  hahahahahaha i love this, 
  i 'm not angered by europeans judging turkish people based on erdo\u011fan 's government anymore , even i judge dutch turks . 
  we 'll see how they 'll vote in the referendum . 
  though the turks in turkey are n't spectacular either . 
  sometimes i feel like we are two different nations who only happen to speak the same language . 
  my god you believe turkey was supposed to join eu too . 
  astonishing . 
  if an alien race was discovered in mars today , they would have a higher chance of joining eu than us . 
  i will be watching in joy when your kind fucking starves to death because of policies your dear erdo\u011fan is following right now . 
  you wo n't have to wait until a civil war . 
  but you are probably a fucking diaspora retard saying shit from your comfy seat in europe . 
  do you think `` attacker '' means `` those who violate human rights '' ? 
  because pkk violates human rights as well by stopping people in streets and demanding to see their ids or pressing children into joining them or bullying non-pkk aligned kurds . 
  also they kill innocents as well but let 's skip that . 
  when you think `` ok he ca n't make us even more embarrassed by the shit he says , there must be a limit to this '' he says some new retarded shit . 
  galipoli too . 
  akp currently controls all the major tv channels as well . 
  the shit that goes in those channels is like an another reality with alternate facts . 
  we are n't killing anyone over it though . 
  i do n't know why you guys think this is possible . 
  eu is going to give visa-free travel to 80 million muslims because said muslims can contain 3-4 millions of them ?
