  wikipedia is full of false information when it comes to turkey ( or basically any non-western country ) , i would n't pay it much attention . 
  he has a very punchable face . 
  it would look good on a pike as well or at the end of a rope . 
  and turkish elections are so fair and unbiased . 
  no fraud whatsoever . 
  wow , `` nein '' is smaller , that absolves voters of that era of all crime !, 
  we celebrate nevruz as well , probably not at the same extent though . 
  he would have lost the referendum if it was n't for the massive fraud , intimidation and unethical propaganda they did . 
  i consider all elections from now on null and void . 
  changes are not impossible but harder and more painful with dogmatic ideologies . 
  it 's funny to me because it sounds nonsensical to someone familiar with muslim culture . 
  they will be seen as heretics by their fellow muslims , and nothing more . 
  some muslims try to water down their belief when they ca n't face with how barbaric their religion is . 
  here is a fun saying : the dog that barks will not bite . 
  it 's hard to keep track of all the bullshit our politicians say . 
  i doubt europe will do anything too to be honest . 
  it would strengthen erdo\u011fan 's hand to start with . 
  i bet he kinda wants europe to do something that 's why he is provoking them with statements such as this . 
   can i live in your house ? 
  i wo n't pay for anything of course , because it 's my human right . 
  do n't worry , if it becomes too bad as a result of my actions , and the quality of life decreases , i 'll just move somewhere else . 
  i was gon na write something but i realized i do n't really disagree . 
  i want syrians out of my country for example . 
  nobody is comfortable with sharing their country with foreigners whom they deem as inferior in culture . 
  most turks in reddit are immigrants in europe . 
  europe made a mistake by accepting uneducated hordes of workers with open arms . 
  now they made immigrating so difficult educated turks ca n't move to europe . 
  that 's why you have the worst of our lot . 
   he 's known for burning his victims in waste oil . 
  what can we say ... shakira law does n't allow even waste oil to go to waste . 
  either burn people with it or pour it over your ass so it shines under sunlight when you are wearing a thong . 
  strange , all the rightist leaders we had were bitches of superpowers and our only leftist leader had the guts to tell foreign powers to gtfo and did a military operation that a nationalist leader could only dream of . 
  it 's funny because turks of turkey say similar things to the turks of cyprus , like `` if you wan na get genocided then sure we 'll leave you the fuck alone '' cypriots of both turkish and greek origin want to be left alone and it 's best we let them , but of course this is n't an ideal world so we 'll fight over a nation that does n't even want us . 
  it 's very obvious that you are trying to make an argument about a topic you do n't know anything about . 
  you could n't have used a worse example . 
  read about how armeanians invaded it for armenian minority and also do n't use examples you do n't know shit about if you do n't want to make a fool of yourself . 
  it 's funny that you do n't see the irony . 
  good ol' times when we could loot and destroy and rape with impunity . 
  man , those were the days . 
  i remember those days because i 'm like a thousand year old and can be perfectly held responsible for such things . 
  how to win an argument against a turk : bring up kurds or armenians out of context . 
  well i ca n't say turkey is a reliable friend . 
  things are a bit shaky with nato and further we move away from nato more we will find ourselves on friendly terms with russia . 
  yeah we downed their jet and stuff but we keep being enemies with former friends and friends with former enemies all the time . 
  i 'm sorry if my inferior race offends you . 
  first time somebody said something like that to me non-sarcastically . 
  i 'm not crying there is something in my eye . 
  they already fucked the country up in the 80s by installing a coup government . 
  no need to fuck things up further . 
  if not for the us-backed coup we probably would n't have to deal with this shit . 
  that affected our national identity greatly . 
  the problem is religion , more precisely the fucking uncivilized ideology that is called islam . 
  look at all those muslim countries in the middle east . 
  what do they have in common ? 
  yeah , religion . 
  yeah me too . 
  ignorant and uneducated nations ca n't be led by democracy . 
  it 's like sending a herd of sheep into the wilderness without a shepherd . 
  they are just gon na do stupid shit . 
  it 's still the best system we got though . 
  there should be limitations , checks and balances . 
  buuut trump still got elected and even if american system will never let him become a dictator he is still a giant idiot , so ... 
  nobody gave a shit about ukraine . 
  i hope people will give a sack load of shit this time because this is pretty close to us . 
  story behind that image ? 
  wow you really opened my mind to what sharia is . 
  i always thought it was a magical place filled with rainbows and butterflies where they hand out free candy for everyone . 
  thank you good sir . 
  turkey can become more european but joining eu will never happen . 
  they still see us a bit too secular for their taste . 
  if turkey declares sharia definitely then . 
  arabs think we are too much european . 
  westerners think we are too much middle eastern . 
  maybe oceania will accept us . 
  people in turkey have been aware that eu was the dangling ascension card in front of turkey to lead us to wherever they want . 
  we realized this like a decade ago . 
  people are fed up and tired of this eu ascension meme anyway . 
  both europeans and turks are aware that hell will freeze over before turkey joins eu , no need for this fake process . 
  there is also a new generation of uber-religious youth too . 
  when i see some weird news on tv , i instinctively think of adana . 
  there was a bomb call once for a suspicious bag and while the bag was sitting there some guy just walked into it and kicked at it . 
  defusing bombs the adana way . 
  we are a nation that checks for gas leakages with a lighter but adana always takes it to the extreme . 
  yes because everything a turk says must be related to armenian genocide in some way or the other . 
  i ca n't breathe in this sub with this flair without someone throwing that in my face . 
  far-rightists around the world hate each other but they are so much alike . 
  then again , confusing hills is a bit less dumber . 
  i 've come to understand that * history * is little more than a collection of facts that people or governments choose to believe/act like they believe because it suits them . 
  it does n't need to relate to reality . 
  if turkish government apologizes for turks moving into anatolia in 10 . century and genociding pontics and whatever , will people on reddit stop complaining about us invading anatolia or telling us to go back to central asia ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  year can be 3000 and westerners will still complain about turks invading anatolia 2000 years ago . 
  earth will be united under one government and we will be a space-faring civilization , and some greek or armenian or pontic or cappadocian or eskimo on planet alpha centauri will be bitter about antolia . 
  this butthurt is eternal . 
  also , scandavians have n't apologized for raiding and settling british coasts , nor did anglo-saxons apologize for attacking britons . 
  same with every other nation . 
  we 'll go back to central asia when americans return to europe or africa or everyone else to mesopotamia or anglo-saxons back to denmark and north germany . 
  why do we get isolated for doing something that everyone else did ? 
  well it 's not that bad . 
  like i said it 's just a generalization that most of turkey would agree with .
