  turks ? 
  from a foreign country no less . 
  these comments are like a tennis match . 
  ca n't argue with that . 
  it 's basically rubbing it in at this point lol . 
  they are actually nice this time . 
  except for the greeks of course , as always . 
  you 're unique . 
  i do n't see anything to feel proud of though . 
   expansionist i mean i 'm looking at the extent of these borders and i 'm not seeing it . 
  probably a dude trying to play tall . 
  with ottomans . 
  lol . 
  venice is a better choice for it unless you accidentally world domination . 
  happens every tiem . 
   well where europe wanted it was in europe . 
  a secular , liberal turkey in europe . 
  seems more like they want us to become europe 's refugee dumpster . 
  not to mention they praised the `` moderate-my-ass '' islamist pig erdo\u011fan for years . 
  we can be secular and liberal without eu . 
  in fact that 's exactly what we should do . 
  it was never going to happen . 
  a lot of eu countries would be opposed to it . 
  turkey would be the most populous eu state and nobody wants that . 
  it was just a stick with carrot at the end of it to steer turkey into places europe wanted . 
   but maybe they 'd be tolerated less if erdogan has n't gone full psycho recently . 
  i know . 
  a bad enough thing can excuse lesser evils . 
  actually this is why isis has been such an opportunity for some . 
  ends justify the means . 
  one day erdo\u011fan will be gone and turkey will be led by normal human beings , then maybe we 'll have the excuses this time . 
  i do n't care about pro-turkish rallies or the speeches held by akp politicians in europe . 
  unintegrated idiot diasporas poisoned by nationalism doing their usual thing . 
  i 'm not making a comparison here . 
  i 'm just not liking seeing terrorist sympathizers making rallies there . 
  do we have a right to complain about things ? 
  the citizens of turkey ? 
  is someone going to say `` but erdo\u011fan '' every time we complain of something ? 
  because a lot of europeans seem to think `` erdo\u011fan = turks '' i know the kind of comments i 'd see if it was jihadists doing this protest so do n't give me that `` free speech '' bullshit . 
  ps : i 'm not an akp supporter, 
  nobody seems to think so . 
   yes talk about today 's pkk and their actions by bringing up examples that are 10-20 + years old . 
  people here praise pkk 's actions by bringing up what the turkish state did decades ago too . 
   what would be the worst it could happen ? 
  you set up nice assists . 
  did i miss some elaborate and intellectual anti-americanist hypothesis here somewhere ? 
  dude literally said `` murica sucks '' what does that add to the discussion ? 
   most people in europe also think that kurds are a unified group what is hilariously incorrect . 
  yeah that too . 
  i gave up explaining that kurds are not a hivemind . 
   well , he has been using that propaganda for years although never as loud as after what happened in rotterdam . 
  he will go back to his previous mode after referendum is over , i believe . 
  he 'll be sorry if he does n't . 
  i think europe 's patience will last until the referendum . 
   because so many of them are in jail we do n't have enough prisons to jail 25 millions of people but we are working on that . 
   ca n't vote because of political reasons we are working on a new voting system where the ballot box analyzes your ancestry and if you are not % 100 ayran central asia masterrace turk you ca n't vote . 
   well , pkk has been around for much longer than erdogan so its not that much tied together , i suppose . 
  people in europe see it as a `` kurds versus erdo\u011fan '' thing so i try to fit my argument into that perspective to keep things understandable by outsiders . 
  agreed about the rest . 
  it 's not gon na stop erdo\u011fan from using it in his `` yurop supports teror '' propaganda though . 
  of course kurds are persecuted . 
  even i feel persecuted . 
  everyone who is not an islamist is persecuted in turkey . 
  we do n't kill people over it though . 
  yet , at least . 
  raising awareness and non-violent civilized resistance is better way to resist erdo\u011fan while proving him wrong . 
  killing the people you are claiming to protect proves him right . 
  civil wars are not healthy . 
  yeah . 
  maybe the british too . 
  but even those are different things . 
  people will take one look at the guy ruling turkey and think `` yeh , obviously whoever opposing this guy are the good guys '' people like simplifying complex things . 
  innocent casualties are morally acceptable to some people if targets and reasons are reasonable in their eyes . 
  actually secularist turks like us can start the same shit and we 'd get even more support from europe than pkk gets from europe , even if we kill civilians . 
  in my opinion pkk , dhkp-c , g\u00fclen and the likes will always have support as long as we do n't give europe a better alternative . 
  dead people are just numbers . 
  people look at results . 
  maybe cynical but true . 
  useless to discuss pkk with foreigners . 
  greeks are gon na get triggered at that comment again . 
  g\u00fclenists are an islamist cult that should be eradicated as much as erdo\u011fan 's akp . 
  g\u00fclenists infiltrated every aspect of government so hopefully they 'll eradicate each other . 
  one day europe will wake up to what `` moderate islamists '' are , and it will be too late . 
  so you oppose both nationalism and socialism . 
  what kind of party would you vote for ? 
  chp and ldp would disagree on economic policies . 
  but they are both socially liberal . 
  wow we are literally nazis . 
  what my flair says when you hover actually is in-context now . 
  nobody deserves the full blame in this . 
  america likes to install dictatorships in this general area . 
  [ i could n't resist the urge and did it myself anyway . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5zebk0/liveblog_turkey_threatens_with_economic_sanctions/dexglj8/ ) now i feel bad . 
  it 's the comments about how genocidal atat\u00fcrk was that pisses me off more anyway . 
  ca n't let good ol traditions become history . 
  fuck it . 
  have n't you read his comment ? 
  erdo\u011fan does n't care what others think as long as he is the dictator . 
   why the fuck is erdogan intent on antagonizing turkey 's rich and powerful western allies to get votes . 
  king of the ashes .
