remove incentives for migration . 
  there 's an idea !, 
  it 's not women coming . 
  it 's men . 
  and your solution to a nation already struggling to carry out integration measures is to ship hundreds of thousands more ? 
  my point exactly . 
  it 's about fleeing towards economic gain . 
  religion is a non-negotiable . 
  take a look at integration stats in germany and sweden , respectively . 
  in fact , quite the opposite . 
  not nearly to the extent they are now . 
  the ayatollah is actually a western-educated leader , but pretty intent on religious revival . 
  the arab spring is a vestige of the past . 
  i feign to say one instance involving a few orthodox jews can be comparable to a whole society of women discriminated against . 
  perspective , please . 
  at the end of the day , the uneducated christian is n't going to bar his wife from driving nor is he going to make her cover her body . 
  in fact , in iran , where women are highly educated , there are still religious tasks force that ensure women do not mingle with men on public beaches or show too much skin . 
  it 's not about education . 
  it 's about religion . 
  sounds like a stiff cocktail . 
  czech it out . 
  as a jew myself , i would n't compare somewhat failed integration of muslim immigrants to jewish integration within various nations , mostly because judaism is pretty compatible with christianity . 
  jewish views towards women , education , finance , and secularism are pretty on-par with christian views . 
  posthedge , is that sarcasm ? 
  even in western european nations , integration has been farcical . 
  as long as you 're trying to integrate a group of people that already believe on the basis of religion that they are superior to everyone else , they will never truly integrate . 
  wait , let me get this straight . 
  open borders to middle eastern refugees means increased chance of islamic extremism in europe ? 
  shocking !, 
  birdlover , i 'm going to side with kimi here and admit that this is indeed a religious conflict and not nearly as `` democratic '' as you would hope to think . 
  let 's not assign progressive agendas where they are n't . 
  no my point is that much of the financial crisis could have been avoided if each country had its own central bank . 
  it 's very hard for the ecb to enact universal financial policies for such a diverse group of economies . 
  this very mentality of assuming a blanket-wide policy is what essentially has catalyzed the destruction of various european economies . 
  `` showing solidarity with whole eu '' essentially means complying with merkel 's demands . 
  those are two very different things . 
  i do n't berate countries for disagreeing with merkel . 
  just like the failures of the ecb , what 's `` good '' for western europe might not be `` good '' for eastern europe . 
  islamic treatment of women as second-class citizens has no place in the 21st century . 
  appalling . 
  yes , and surprise , not a syrian . 
  it becomes millenia-old conflict when those rustling up conflict continuing to reference a text that is thousands of years old . 
  what distinguishes europe from the arab world is the level of advancement . 
  yes , european wars took place , and many people died , but the simultaneous intellectual and technological advancement is what puts the european conflict in a different light . 
  what is taking place in the middle east is ( with the exception of israel ) arguably tribal . 
  it is small factions competing for competition among radicalized islamic men . 
  isis vs. al qaeda vs. 
  the taliban vs. boku haram ( nigeria ) vs. etc. 
  the european wars started -- and ended . 
  there were treaties drawn up , laws created , and respect established . 
  that is the difference . 
  quite frankly , i do n't see an end in sight for the middle east in the near future , and i can guarantee you it wo n't be a treaty that solves it , but instead an authoritarian regime . 
  for the record , i majored in slavic political science . 
  can anyone be shocked by this ? 
  when a country 's dominating party fails to prioritize its own citizens , the power of the party will inevitably erode . 
  as a jew , i can understand merkel 's potential guilt complex , but i 'm pretty certain that jews in europe are n't interested in vastly increasing the anti-semitic population ( i 'm not attempting a sweeping generalization here ; just referencing the age-old conflict between islam and judaism that pervades the middle east ) . 
  * throws away bread * where is the filet mignon that merkel has told us about ? 
  unless allah signs it , i do n't think anyone would pay attention anyway . 
  too bad time travel does n't exist . 
  because the bleeding liberals will scream racism . 
  works like a charm every time . 
  plot twist 4 : denmark becomes denmarkistan , and the dpp wo n't have any say in 20 years . 
  furthermore , i am fairly certain you are not an eastern european living/surviving on pension or you would have recognized by now the absurdity of germany 's requests . 
  we are , though . 
  we have migrants fabricating papers and claiming ethnic affiliations that are incorrect -- migrants are fleeing from all over africa and the middle east . 
  do your homework , and you 'll see libyans , somalians , afghans , pakistanis , to name a few . 
  if you open the borders of europe , you invite anybody with a disadvantageous economic situation to enter . 
  i mention economics because these migrants have left stable regions like turkey , macedonia , and hungary in order to find the largest welfare state . 
  no one is lacking sympathy , here . 
  but realistically recognizing that europe can not save the entire third world is what you and many others have failed to do . 
  merkel 's unilateral power over the migrant crisis is thanks to the economic powerhouse germany represents . 
  when merkel spends germany 's funds on supporting an additional 1 million migrants , she will effectively reduce her own power . 
  cannibalizing behavior . 
  chechnya is experiencing what historians call a `` negative peace . '', 
  it is not peace brought about by the presence of harmonious relations but by the lack of large-scale violence . 
  on the whole , there is less crime in chechnya , but there is a dramatic increase in human rights ' violations , mostly due to kadyrov 's undiplomatic approach to handling the population and enemies he manages to find within the population . 
  kadyrov is chechnya 's rendition of saddam hussein . 
  he maintains order by quelling rebel islamic factions , but he does little , if any , to maintain personal liberties . 
  the reason kadyrov has been so successful is due largely to his ability to improve chechnya 's economy , thus thwarting young disenfranchised men from joining the radical islamic groups . 
  he also has established quasi-sharia law in the region , thus inhibiting the radical groups from seizing the moral high ground . 
  he has beat them at their own game -- and made putin pleased , given that before kadyrov 's ascendance , nearly 80 % of all suicide bombings in moscow were due to chechen terrorists . 
  this bodes well for assimilation of muslim migrants into european society ... absolutely disgusting . 
  let 's not twist words here . 
  never said `` all canadian papers . '', 
  i simply criticized the one discussed . 
  not moral , economic . 
  there is no possible way some of these nations in the eu can economically handle an influx of unskilled 100,000 + migrants per month . 
  i 'm sorry to hear that this incapacity fails to fit the globe 's political correctness/social justice warrior rhetoric . 
  because these migrants are asylum shopping and dying in the process . 
  it becomes a problem when nations are forced to use vast naval resources to rescue these supposed refugees who could have achieved economic stability with relative safety in turkey and other regions through which they chose to pass . 
  they are not `` accepted '' until they are processed via proper documentation , which is becoming increasingly scarce . 
  western europe could learn a thing or two from eastern europe . 
  when you have illegitimate border enforcements across the eu , it would only make sense to have illegitimate passports too . 
  glad everyone is able to play his role in the farce . 
  i use `` his '' because a vast majority of the migrants are men . 
  breasts covered has been normalized on western culture . 
  covering hair has not . 
  the reason it feels pervasive is because i personally do not feel ashamed of my hair , where as my personal modesty is congruent with covering my chest . 
  that is the distinction . 
  america accounts for 42 % of the world 's market capitalization .
