  considering this fact alone , it is not surprising they have more pollution . 
  honestly , i think the reason women find this so outrageous is because it affects one aspect of our bodies that generally speaking , is not regulated -- our clothing . 
  it feels invasive and subjugating , irrespective of whether it 's appropriate to wear it given the circumstances . 
  it different than say , a curfew law or forbidding one from drinking alcohol . 
  these is regulation of the female body , and it 's therefore on a different level entirely . 
  only the best song ever written . 
  thank god , father putin is n't a drunk like yeltsin . 
  why have doors when you can have bullet-proof windows instead ? 
  accurate . 
  roughly 12 % of the population is responsible for over 50 % of gun crimes . 
  yep . 
  why innovation in medicine and technology has largely been stagnant in europe in the last 20 years . 
  socialism disincentivizes discovery because most fields have been centralized as opposed to privatized , thus limiting the amount of funding that can go to a certain project . 
  just take it from the child of former soviets . 
  socialism is a joke to keep large portions of the population dependent upon the government . 
  never teach a man to fish for himself , or he will no longer need you . 
  ahh , i 'm sorry for you . 
  i know russian racism towards anyone from the north caucasus is rampant . 
  it 's gotten better since younger kadyrov came to power , but not a whole lot . 
  russians still get wary and make inappropriate slurs . 
  i 'm sorry , but i find it incredibly insensitive that no less than a day following the attacks , my muslim friends on facebook are already posting articles about how hard it is to be muslim in europe . 
  honestly ? 
  you know what 's harder ? 
  having a foreigner blow up your legs while you wait to catch the subway to work . 
  now imagine it happening 130x over . 
  and then being told that you need to respect the ideology that birthed the logic that made it ok for you to have your legs blown off . 
  makes me sick . 
  do n't worry , as long as you do n't start blowing yourself up in public places , you should be fine . 
  i can identify them . 
  not all muslims are terrorist , but nearly all of europe 's terrorists are muslim . 
  actually , might not be far off . 
  the proportion of muslims that marry their cousins and/or relatives is extremely high -- around 34 % in arabic countries . 
  could be leading to the degeneration of the gene pool , manifested as mental illness . 
  source : https://wikiislam.net/wiki/cousin_marriage_in_islam, 
  what our rebellious grandparents fought for in eastern europe via samizdat is squashed at the hand of leftists determined to suffocate us until we are hoarse . 
  mods and eu governments alike , they will continue to silence the screams for reform until we 're all neatly muzzled and falling upon our own sword of political correctness , having never gasped the truth , the angst , or the sadness . 
  the crusades , with each century , have become irrelevant . 
  welcome back to the 21st century , mate . 
  if someone told you there 's a 1 % chance a jellybean was poisonous , would you still eat it ? 
  probably not . 
  this number is n't unreasonable . 
  over the course of the last 2 years , chechnya ( an islamic republic of russia ) saw over 1500 men leave for syria and iraq in the name of training with isis . 
  this 5k value is totally plausible , perhaps even a bit low . 
  ukraine is the like the little sister acting out . 
  she will come to her senses ( according to putin news machine ) . 
  belarus , greece , serbia , and parts of central asia ( kazakhstan and uzbekistan . ), 
  safe spaces are a new , vogue form of segregation . 
  it 's the most bizarre trend my generation of millenials have created . 
  as a jewish woman , i know i 'm a minority , but i do n't feel the need to separate myself from others . 
  i 'm not trying to evoke moral equivalency . 
  however , these kids need to get a grip . 
  the world is not politically correct . 
  sorry , it 's not full of rainbows and ponies . 
  in fact , it 's fucking scary and disappointing and wonderful at the same time . 
  whenever they 're ready to come out of their bubbles , it will be waiting . 
  until then , enjoy the artificial environment you 've managed to create to safeguard yourself from opinions that do n't match yours . 
  the only thing safe spaces will do is stunt the emotional maturity . 
  as a russian jew , i say you rock that kippah . 
  we need more people like you . 
  a lot of people might suggest that america is more violent because of guns . 
  but this chart below shows that gun violence is perpetuated largely along racial lines and is related more to economic inequality rather than anything else.http : / / www.brookings.edu/blogs/social-mobility-memos/posts/2015/12/15-guns-race-different-worlds-reeves, 
  sweden , do n't be shocked . 
  it 's in line with the current crime rate for asylum-seekers . 
  in other news , the sky is blue . 
  jesus merkel , how naive can you be ? 
  you 've imported a population of people that are homophobic , misogynistic , and anti-semitic ( ironically , antithetical to every tenet the for which the liberals stand ) . 
  and now you 're surprised . 
  my grandparents would never respond to a poll out of fear that the poll would later be used against them by any government agency/individual . 
  stalin 's whole rhetoric was based on finding those who were unpatriotic , within . 
  i know i sound nuts , but that is indicative and honest to how things used to be in soviet russia -- and arguably , still are . 
  well when you spell `` welcome '' properly , i might give this post a chance . 
  but then you dropped the word `` racist '' when islam is not a race , and i lost the ability to hold your post to any real standard of intellectual discussion . 
  ... and people say merkel is n't responsible for the potential brexit . 
  i rest my case . 
  it 's not a sign of `` social tensions . '', 
  it 's an attempt by one individual to decrease the probability of sexual assault and a commendable one . 
  how much sexual assault needs to occur before the media starts seeing such bans as a result of horrific events and not simply personal bias or `` social tensions '' ? 
  statistically speaking and not sarcastically , the `` lazy jews '' you speak of a few and far between . 
  as a result of a culture that emphasizes education , most are highly educated and end up in specialized careers . 
  merkel only has herself to blame for the impending collapse of the modern eu as we know it . 
   another thing to point out : it 's perfectly possible to learn a new language as an adult so long as you 're immersed in it , so if the germans actively force the migrants to settle outside of ethnic neighbourhoods ( unlike the uk and france ) , they could easily learn the language fairly quickly . 
  look at places like the usa for example , where most immigrant groups ( other than mexicans because of their numbers ) end up living outside small ethnic communities , so they actually become fairly good at speaking english ( and their children obviously speak it natively ) . 
  few things to note here . 
  it 's not germany 's responsibility to forcibly move them in order to force integration . 
  if you 're immigrating , it is your duty to integrate yourself . 
  secondly , the immigrant population of the us is much different than europe for a number of reasons , mostly due to the lack of welfare state in the us . 
  most immigrants who come to the us know that there will be very little handouts . 
  in other words , having lived in the us for a number of years now , i 've noticed the immigrant population is highly self-selective . 
  the notion of the `` american dream '' is both a turn-on and a turn-off . 
  it draws those wanting to work hard while pushing away those simply looking for hand-outs . 
  at least that 's my speculation . 
  just follow the law . 
  someone hurts his daughter purposely , he should be punished -- frankly , i do n't want to hear his excuses . 
  what does the motive matter ? 
  are all criminals now going to hide behind the `` religion '' excuse ? 
  slippery slope , uk , slippery slope . 
  such chastisement is generally reserved for women and generally committed by borderline fundamentalist groups . 
  well , i did try to explain the difference between being chastised while wearing a skirt as opposed to being chastised for wearing a skirt , but it fell flat , presumably because you have n't been chastised for showing too much skin . 
  no it 's not alarmist . 
  getting generally harassed on an nyc subway at 1 am at night while wearing a skirt is different than getting harassed in whitechapel at 8 pm for wearing a skirt .
