  it 's still money that those countries ' governments borrowed though . 
  what changed is who they have to pay back . 
  ... because american schools are closed in july ? 
  you 're making a mountain out of a molehill . 
  you 're aware that economists on the other side have also won nobel prizes right ? 
  they just do n't have regular columns in the biggest newspaper in the world . 
  just because krugman is a laureate does n't make him right and there are always going to be other laureates who disagree with him . 
  he has a opinion column for a reason -- what he writes is his opinion . 
  not all neighbours violently hate each other . 
  are you suggesting the balkan situation is universal or something ? 
  danes and swedes want to kill each other ? 
  germans and dutch are on the brink of war ? 
  it is no more amazing for poland to integrate western ukrainians than for the us to integrate canadians . 
  that 's a political cartoon and not a particularly mean one either . 
  and so what if a lot of people blame greece ? 
  are they not allowed to have their opinions ? 
  even syriza admits that greece bears a very large share of the blame ... 
  but they 're still pretty close . 
  it 's like boasting about how well germany is able to integrate french or dutch people . 
  it really is n't that big of a deal . 
  it 's easy to integrate people who already share history and culture with you . 
  you made a claim and i asked you to back it up . 
  if you ca n't , fine , but do n't evade it . 
  what you said was simply not true . 
  it is , but you 'll still end up with the poorest and least educated people in your society not being able to find work so it 's still a serious problem . 
  examples ? 
  what profitable assets did greece sell off that they would have objectively been better off with under state control ? 
  the greek state has been haemorrhaging money for decades . 
  personally i feel that debt relief has to eventually be implemented again in a fairly substantial way , but it ca n't be done so long as the greek government continues to lose money . 
  [ the greek economy is undergoing a historical correction ] ( http://www.vox.com/2015/6/28/8858727/greece-gdp-chart ) as it transforms from one based on debt-fuelled , state-centric growth and * both * debt relief and further loans should not be available until this is over . 
  all that will do is incentivise the greek government not to change and to continue relying on the pubic sector as the main source of economic growth . 
  you tell me . 
  all syriza has proposed is debt relief ( even more than what has already happened ) and then billions of euros more in loans ( which for all the lenders know will also not be paid back ) . 
  the spending cuts they 're proposing in response to the lenders ' demands are not enough to balance the budget or even come close so they will need to keep borrowing . 
  how is that a feasible solution either ? 
  i agree that there needs to be more debt relief , at least down the line , but i do n't understand how syriza 's plan makes any sense . 
  how can you ask someone to give up their claims on money you owe them and then at the same time ask them to lend you even more money ? 
  that 's absurd . 
  does n't he have multiple degrees from english universities and did n't he live there for most of his professional life ? 
  it would n't be that odd for him to take economic notes in the language he studied economics in ... engineers from other countries who live in english-speaking countries use english even for personal work for the same reason . 
  it 's just more comfortable to do things in the same language you learned them in . 
  how common are pro-franco sentiments ? 
  if he pisses off nato then he loses the americans too , and the americans are the only player outside europe who can really exert influence on major eu leaders . 
  plus , obama is centre-left and it would be foolish to cut off someone who is at least mildly sympathetic to greece . 
  we 'll see though -- if tsipras does it then we know for sure that he just wants grexit without doing it himself and losing his domestic support . 
  who the fuck is calling greeks lazy and getting upvotes ? 
  every time someone says that they get downvoted to hell because / r/europe does n't agree with them . 
  if you have a link to show me where someone said something like that and received support by all means share , but until then stop pretending everyone ( or even anything resembling a majority ) hates greeks and calls them lazy . 
  their government is a net contributor and is fiscally responsible . 
  it makes no difference how much they work or how long they do it . 
  why are you comparing quarterly growth figures like that ? 
  that does n't make any sense -- us and to a lesser extent uk growth is always way worse in the first quarter than the rest of the year . 
  and it was especially bad in the us because all their northern cities were under snow . 
  even with debt relief greece still needs more and more loans . 
  if europe writes off the debt even more , that would be great . 
  but then you ca n't just expect them to give greece billions more . 
  why would they ? 
  so that debt can also be written off ? 
  at this point what greece is asking for is essentially charity , no different from any number of developing countries around the world . 
  the difference is that the standard of living in greece is leagues ahead of those other countries . 
  yeah you 're right . 
  it was a dumb way to argue on his part . 
  is it a legal requirement ? 
  here not wearing one will get you a nasty fine . 
  it would be horrible , but it would n't be a repeat of germany in the 30s . 
  germany was especially dangerous because they were actually economically and militarily dominant in europe . 
  greece/hungary are neither and will never be . 
  if greek fascists came to power they would be awful but they would n't invade and annex their neighbours because they would not be allowed to by much more powerful actors . 
  us exports services though , and the service sector is by far the biggest part of their economy . 
  they also import a lot of things that they designed ( but which were assembled in asia ) , so they make the majority of the profits on the sale although that does n't show up in the trade balance . 
  pretty much all technology fits under this category . 
  it 's a very different situation from greece , which has never really had a strong private sector to speak of . 
  although it is nice to see that countries do n't have to be imbalanced exporters like germany to be economically successful . 
  if governments are responsible then yes , capitalist collapse is a great thing in the long-term . 
  but that requires fiscal prudence during periods of strong economic growth so that the recession/depression can be dealt with . 
  the suicide rate is lower than every northern european country . 
  the suicide rate has been rising at a slower rate than several northern european countries as well . 
  greeks have a lot of problems but suicide is n't one of them , or at the very least greeks do n't see suicide as a way out . 
  people need to stop bringing up this statistic ; it 's meaningless . 
  the rest of your comment is spot-on though . 
  it does n't work that way ? 
  did you try ? 
  in the uk that 's literally all you have to do . 
  no major bank has any problem accepting euros or dollars and they do n't have any sort of processing fee . 
  open an account with a bank and deposit your dollars . 
  it 's pretty easy ... 
  can hollande even convince his own population let alone merkel and germany 's population ? 
  why not ? 
  10 % is not actually that much considering how big of a percentage of their gdp is government spending . 
  i do n't think they 'd be able to pay it all off but 10 % is very doable . 
  more people ( especially the young ) need to emigrate . 
  they have the legal right to do so and the jobs are available in the rest of europe . 
  in the usa 's depression , there was massive population movement and entire cities sprung up as a result of the migration that took place . 
  in fairness he * has * said some pretty stupid things . 
  he just did n't in the video above . 
  yeah i really did n't understand the celebrating ... it 's not like anything was resolved nor are things guaranteed to get better in any way . 
  it 's like holding a party after buying a lottery ticket . 
  more democratic accountability would mean the german government doing what the german people want and cutting greece loose . 
  do you truly want that or do you just want * some * democratic accountability ? 
  so he 's even more left and hard-line than varoufakis ?
