  but in fairness , the gutter press and random citizens say horrible things about everyone and everything . 
  i never understood the whole `` bailing out banks '' accusation . 
  that 's how debt works -- greece borrowed money from banks , they then had a financial crunch when they realised they had to pay the banks back and international markets were unwilling to loan them any more money to help , so the eurozone paid the banks on behalf of greece . 
  yes , it 's bailing out banks , but that money was previously given by those banks to greece . 
  going by the rhetoric , you 'd think the eurozone just gave a bunch of bankers free money and greece never got anything . 
  yes but greece walked out did n't they ? 
  anyway , how does this referendum even work ? 
  is n't the proposal that they 're voting on off the table now ? 
  the fact that you joined eu will change this though , as people will see what happens in other countries where homosexuality is accepted and realise that it 's really not a big deal . 
  that 's how acceptance of gay marriage spread around western europe and throughout the us -- people saw that when it was legalised , nothing bad happened and if anything , the outcome was better than before . 
  edited for clarity !, 
  every single one of my gay friends despises gay pride parades . 
  the way my friend explained it was that when people find out he 's gay , they assume he 's some kind of weird sexual deviant who wears assless chaps and makeup while waving his penis around . 
  that 's basically what gay pride parades are , or at least the flashiest parts of them , so they just reinforce the most negative stereotypes about homosexuals . 
  of course , my friends are all pretty low-key professionals so their views * might * not be that common , although honestly i suspect most gay people out there are low-key and do n't flaunt it . 
  anyway , i think as homosexuality becomes more nomalised around the world gay pride parades will tone down and eventually fade away . 
  once sexual orientation is no longer noteworthy people will feel weird holding parades over it . 
  turkey and the iraqi kurds ( krg ) are close buddies . 
  it 's the syrian kurds who they fear , because the syrian kurds are very closely linked to the pkk ( the main syrian kurdish organisations like the pyd and ypg are offshoots of the pkk ) . 
  the krg ( made up of the kdp and puk mostly ) are completely ideologically opposed to the pkk and their only links to turkish/syrian kurds is ethnic . 
  so yeah , erdogan would n't mind an independent iraqi kurdistan . 
  it 's a syrian one that he fears . 
  turkey is n't going to attack them ; this is just rhetoric to get mhp votes for akp . 
  erdogan was the one who negotiated peace with ocalan in the first place and there 's no way he would restart the war with the pkk -- it would n't benefit him at all . 
  and regardless , there are a lot of western volunteers with the ypg and rumours of american special forces embedded with them directing air strikes . 
  there is no way in hell turkey would start bombing americans and europeans , especially not american soldiers . 
  why would they ever want that ? 
  the crisis in europe is costing them billions , not just through european liabilities but through the decline in sales to one of their biggest foreign markets . 
  also , a weak euro means us exports become less competitive against european ones . 
  if anything , they 'd want a strong euro . 
  plus as mkvgtired pointed out , the us government has spend a lot of money over the years propping up the euro and during the financial crisis before the ecb finally got its act together , the federal reserve was acting as the lender of last resort for europe . 
  not for any reasonably-sized american bank though . 
  the us government [ issues fines ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/robertlenzner/2014/08/29/too-big-to-fail-banks-have-paid-251-billion-in-fines-for-sins-committed-since-2008/ ) bigger [ than that ] ( http://www.cnbc.com/id/102637201 ) every year [ for legal violations ] ( http://blogs.wsj.com/moneybeat/2015/05/20/giant-5-6-billion-bank-fines-paves-way-for-clients-to-sue/ ) and the banks are still doing fine . 
  it 's a country of 320m people where the average person is richer than the average western european . 
  people do n't seem to understand just how much money they have . 
   i would asume , that even after a crash , there 's demand for expertise in these fields yep , and there 's probably more in greece than in most places around the world . 
  the problem is however that there is still far more supply than demand so wages are not competitive . 
  if you want competitive wages , you need to enter a competitive labour market where there are more jobs than qualified applicants . 
  but like you said :  world would be boring as fuck , if everyone studied stuff that yields the highest personal economic benefit i 'm glad a lot of people choose to do interesting things that do n't have economic benefits . 
  it 's just that i hope they go into it understanding that they will not earn very much money and that it will be difficult to find jobs , because otherwise we end up with intelligent and hard-working people making coffee at starbucks ( or otherwise not living up to their potential ) . 
  i have several friends who studied history because that 's what they genuinely love , but none of them were able to find jobs in the field and they all now work in unrelated fields for low wages because they are n't really qualified for anything else . 
  and these are some of the brightest , most hard-working people i know . 
  but why would you expect unprofitable fields to have high wages ? 
  do what you love , but know what you 're doing and understand that if it does n't earn money , you wo n't earn much money either . 
  money is n't happiness and it should n't be anybody 's sole goal , but let 's be realistic here about our expectations . 
  because we are n't talking about actual potatoes in real life . 
  instead we 're talking about complex industries that greece is not competitive in for a lot of reasons , for example the regulatory environment , poor governance , corruption , lacking infrastructure , etc. 
  if you are planning on opening up a new car factory , would you ever put it in greece ? 
  of course not . 
  germany is a great location -- they have the expertise , infrastructure , efficient governance , stability , clear legal framework without excessive regulations . 
  however their workers are also highly paid and more expensive . 
  another option is poland -- less good ( but still good enough ) infrastructure , efficient governance , stability , lack of excessive regulations , and cheaper labour costs . 
  but greece ? 
  nope , it has worse infrastructure , worse governance , less stability , corruption , a poor regulatory environment , etc. 
  even if you were greek you would look elsewhere to invest , which is exactly what happens . 
  the same thing applies to virtually every industry you can think of , from manufacturing ( cars , computers , pharmaceuticals , whatever ) to software development to banking . 
  greece just is n't competitive and has n't been for a very long time . 
  keep in mind this is all relative to europe by the way ; compared to a place like egypt , greece is much more competitive . 
  that 's why egypt is so much poorer . 
  so what does greece do ? 
  their biggest economic sectors are tourism and agriculture , both of which are great , but neither of which are even close to as lucrative a what the rest of europe does . 
  what greece needs is to clean up its system , spend in the right places ( for example in better roads rather than pensions ) , reform its laws and regulations so it 's actually easy to set up a business , lower/raise taxes where necessary and actually enforce tax laws , change labour laws so hiring greek workers is worth it , etc. 
  they do n't have to ever be better than germany , but they * do * have to be competitive with places like poland if they want to remain a developed country . 
  some sources that say the same thing in greater detail : www.nytimes.com/2010/10/15/world/europe/15greece.html < -- read this one to see what a mess greece actually is . 
  even if you have the money and desire to open a new business , it 's nearly impossible without paying outrageous fees or bribes and in some cases it 's actually illegal . 
  for example if you wanted to open a new pharmacy you have to buy a license from an existing one , which means pharmacies have no competition and no incentive to make their services better at lower prices . 
  if you had a system like the rest of the developed world where you could open up a competing pharmacy , you would drive down prices of goods through competition and everybody would win , since their money would now be able to buy more `` stuff '' than it used to . 
  in other words , they can now afford an extra potato for the same price . 
  www.forbes.com/sites/lbsbusinessstrategyreview/2015/01/30/an-inconvenient-truth-greek-economy-is-uncompetitive/ https://www.london.edu/news-and-events/news/an-inconvenient-truth-greek-economy-is-uncompetitive www.worldfinance.com/inward-investment/greece-still-corrupt-still-unsound-infrastructurally-still-uncompetitive www.csmonitor.com/business/new-economy/2012/0904/greece-is-crumbling.-is-there-any-way-out, 
  no of course not , but it adds some context . 
  there are a lot of reasons to care about what 's happening in greece and to feel sympathy for what the greek people are going through , but suicide rates are not one of them . 
  if they were , northern europe would be our focus instead . 
  when i say economically productive , i mean there is a competitive job market that exists for the career because the field has high profitability . 
  i 'm not passing judgement on the intrinsic value or importance of the field . 
  some fields have little demand and/or an oversupply of qualified workers , which means the wages are inevitably going to be low and jobs are going to be scarce . 
  money does n't appear out of nowhere . 
   are n't they guys who think like you the parasytes ? 
  i never suggested he or anyone else was a parasite because i do n't believe that at all . 
  do n't put words in my mouth . 
   people who think like you , on the other hand , took the easy way out . 
  chose something sure and stable , even if they did n't like it , just so they could live with peace of mind . 
  they traded their dignity , their own interests and dreams for a steady paycheck . 
  they might be well-off , but vape_c is still ten times the man they are . 
  not everyone in economically viable fields is doing something they do n't like . 
  why would you believe that to be the case ? 
  also what is with you passing judgement on peoples ' character because they 're not working in humanities ? 
  you just sound petty and bitter . 
   of course , people like you always use the economics card to never address the obvious inequalities , wrongs and bias of the current economic system . 
  you use the it sucks , but what can you do about it as an excuse to never promote any meaningful change or discussion on inequality . 
  again , stop passing judgement about other people because they chose a different line of work . 
  i never once made any judgement about people in the humanities yet you seem to believe it is perfectly legitimate to denigrate everyone else . 
   maybe because if you did , you 'd realize just how shallow you were when you decided to major in , i do n't know , compsci instead of studying anthropology , or becoming a baker or a theatre actor . 
  no , i chose to major in an economically productive field because i came from a relatively poor background and it offered a real chance at social mobility . 
  my parents both worked long hours for little pay but they made sure i succeeded in school so i could one day find myself in a better position than they were in , and it paid off . 
  as a student , i had to take out loans and majoring in something that had no real career prospects would have been extremely foolish as i would be locking myself into a life of debt . 
  it also helps that i love what i do . 
  please mate , if you 're going to be a judgmental cunt , try harder . 
  it 's the way that governments which default are able to acquire foreign currency . 
  the greek government would need to stockpile euros asap to pay for imports and other essentials , so it would seize all the euros in banks and give the account holders drachmae instead . 
  the problem with this is obviously that a new greek currency would not be able to hold its value at the pegged exchange rate at all and would inevitably undergo major inflation .
