  a lot of greeks did a lot of things wrong to get to this point , both inside and outside government . 
  varoufakis really said to stop the blame-game ? 
  are you serious ? 
  all the greek government has done is blame others for the crisis , both inside and outside greece itself ... 
  sure , but it 's undeniable that the biggest catalyst for jews moving to israel was the holocaust so in that sense germany is somewhat responsible for the israel-arab conflicts too . 
  had the holocaust never happened , the british government would have suppressed the few zionists who made noise and israel would never have existed . 
  european jews would have stayed in europe while middle eastern jews would have continued uncomfortable existences in their homelands . 
  that said , i do n't think germans today should stress out over their responsibility because they 're two generations removed from that horror . 
  america does n't provide benefits to migrants . 
  that 's the biggest difference we have with the us . 
  you ca n't have a strong welfare state and mass immigration ; you have to choose . 
  they chose the latter because their entire country exists through mass immigration . 
  that is not the case in europe . 
  they 're high-profile western journalists who document everything and put it online . 
  nothing is going to happen to them because the russian government is not stupid . 
  it 's one thing to take out your own journalists , but killing an american crew is beyond idiotic . 
  if anything , we might see them deported , but that 's about it . 
  when simon was kidnapped by the dnr the russian government even forced them to free him because of the bad pr . 
  yep . 
  very few people realise that there is virtually no democratic or secular opposition in sa . 
  it 's either the sauds , or salafist islamists . 
  in sa itself the royal family are seen as way too liberal . 
  true , but they 're in what may be an existential war for ukraine so things are different . 
  when the uk was last in a similar position we had censorship too . 
  it 'll be popular in 2017 if they win the presidency though . 
  just wait . 
  same way the democrats hated the bailouts until obama came into power . 
  also it was more like 50 miles from florida , meaning missiles could be launched and hit their targets before a response could be authorised . 
  and they generally leave the foreign press ( from powerful and important countries ) alone . 
  he was going to be impeached , which means he would n't be president anymore and then could be arrested by any policeman . 
  uae , kuwait , lebanon , algeria , morocco , tunisia , even qatar ... 
  nah that would stifle legitimate criticism though . 
  i 'd rather err on the side of caution with these things . 
  except westminster never voted against scottish interests anyway . 
  scots receive more money than they pay into the national government and they have more powers than anyone else . 
  what ... ? 
  everything you just said is wrong . 
  funding priorities . 
  we obviously have more money but we do n't spend it the same way ; even our defence spending is extremely inefficient and in many cases the bulk of it is in things like pensions . 
  not enough to slow down the suicide rate ... 
  in principle sure , but in the situation at hand greece and germany are decidedly not equal . 
  greece is in the position of a beggar while germany is the one handing money out -- the leverage lies entirely with the germans . 
  sorry you really think cameron would be willing to declare war on russia to protect the eu ? 
  the man is a consummate politician and would never do something that would cause him to lose popularity , and as it stands only a narrow majority want to stay in the eu right now let alone see their sons die for it . 
  bnp deny being racist ? 
  do n't they only allow white people to join ? 
  buy it there . 
  maybe some items are similar prices but overall you 'll save a lot of money buying things there before moving . 
  it might depend where in canada you are . 
  some major cities are literally right next to the border . 
  you know we can read your comment history , right ? 
  yeah a month ago he was pretending to be french : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2uae5b/what_does_your_country_do_well_that_other/co7077m, 
  do n't forget those local chechens and east asians !, 
  weird example , considering puerto ricans are all us citizens and consider themselves american . 
  how many oppose though ? 
  because of the remaining 42 % not all oppose them . 
  some would be undecided or in favour if it was n't for the economic cost . 
  how bad could it possibly be though ? 
  there 's no way they sold more than a small portion of their goods to russia anyway ... 
  ... or stupid couple , depending on your point of view . 
  not non-eu nato resources . 
  we 're just allowed to use european assets under nato command for european defence . 
  i 'm sure the americans would provide basic assistance and sell us cheap arms like they did for the first few years of both world wars , but there 's no way any american president is going to be able to send his soldiers to war against a country like russia over finland , even if he wanted to . 
  if you think otherwise you 're lying to yourself . 
  and russia is n't stupid enough to attack the us itself like japan did and drag them in . 
  but the russian government can send un troops if renzi can convince both the us and russia to back his play . 
  getting us support is probably easy for him but getting russian support is harder . 
  yes and those bits are now part of russia ... 
  it 's an extension of nato sans the us/canada ( and probably the uk , since we are n't really fans of the eu and would never go to war for it ) . 
  in other words , it 's basically useless . 
  european nato members could n't even bomb libya for more than a week without needing help . 
  how would we resist russia in any way ? 
  and that was before the biggest defence cuts too . 
  he is , but he 's still right . 
  dogmatically , the koran is supposedly the literal word of god as dictated to the prophet muhammad . 
  it is n't like the bible , which was supposedly written by men decades and centuries after its events and translated several times ; instead it was written based directly on what god told muhammad and never translated until relatively recently ( and most copies of the koran today are still in old arabic ) . 
  that leaves a lot less room for believers to ignore various aspects of their holy book and it 's much more difficult to cast doubt on the actual text the way christians do all the time . 
  that 's because those protestors do n't represent majority opinions . 
  if only a small portion of the population want something they deserve to be ignored until they can convince more people to agree with them . 
  welcome to democracy . 
  breaking and burning things does n't make your opinions and more widely held . 
  why would you want your politicians to be scared of a bunch of fringe extremists ? 
  if you believe in democracy that 's an absurd proposition . 
  i want politicians to fear the electorate , not violent radical idiots . 
  it was a joke . 
  i know china got all the oil deals . 
  and we also name us-made planes after birds of prey like falcons , raptors , eagles , etc. 
  i like this system . 
  it may be the best , but it 's expensive and ugly as sin . 
  the korean and israeli ones are sexy though . 
  i 'm sure the italian air force like nothing more than a joke at the italian army 's expense . 
  not if you get all your fuel from said conflict zone anyway though * coughmiddleeastcough *, 
  good job france . 
  probably some of that , but also the fact that the irish economy was bailed out by the uk and it 's not really a major economy compared to the uk anyway . 
  osborne usually says strongest growth in a * major * economy or they specify oecd to make their point . 
  afghanistan is covered in forests and mountains , so that 's even more of an obstacle than anything in ukraine . 
  but even so , trees are n't really a big deal for modern tanks with modern optics . 
  it 's physical geography like hills and mountains that poses the big challenge , [ and ukraine/poland/etc do n't have much of those . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurasian_steppe ), 
  huh ?
