  you 're quoting yourself ... what i was saying was that i 've personally seen attempts by people on the far-left to brigade threads here in order to push their political and economic views . 
  i could post the usernames of people who do it but idk if that 's against reddit 's rules . 
  they call it `` agitation '' . 
  that said , i have no doubt it happens less than with far-right people , but that does n't mean it is n't a problem both ways . 
  edit : here is a subreddit devoted to far-left brigading -- http://www.reddit.com/r/agitation, 
  putting a cost of a tank is silly anyway since different models of the same tank have wildly different costs . 
  i know for example i recently read that the m1 abrams tanks the iraqi army uses are a quarter the cost of the ones the us army uses and are considerably weaker and less capable , which is why so many have been successfully destroyed by isis despite the us ones surviving multiple rpg hits . 
  the `` same '' tank can have entirely different optics , engines , and armour so it 's weird to even pretend they 're the same thing at all . 
  they just share the same chassis . 
  ukraine and poland are both very flat and open . 
  same for the baltics . 
  they 're actually more open and flatter than most of the middle east , especially afghanistan ( which has one of the most diverse landscapes in the world ) . 
  i 've seen posts on communist/socialist subreddits openly encouraging brigading and linking to threads here . 
  and yes , i did report them and the users were banned ( but of course they were new-ish accounts ) . 
  nazi germany was n't a liberal democracy though . 
  it was n't even close to one . 
  protection against the tyranny of the majority is a central aspect of liberal democracy . 
  yes , it 's a big government . 
  but none of those things are essential ... read your own link . 
  under each category it includes a list of things that were not shut down and only the irrelevant sections were closed . 
  you 're right , the only thing that will work is burning german police cars and destroying german shopkeepers livelihoods . 
  fight the power yeah !, 
  the building was planned , funded , and started * before * the crisis ... 
  why would that be the case ? 
  just do n't allow them to access social welfare programmes or receive any benefits and they will be forced to work or starve . 
  this is what the us and canada do and their immigrants are much better integrated because they ca n't just say indoors all day or around their fellow immigrants with no outside interaction . 
  also it 's probably worth pointing out that `` non-western immigrants '' is an enormously vague and meaningless term . 
  indian and chinese immigrants work way harder than native-born europeans for example and afaik none of them have ever become terrorists . 
  salafism is a subset of sunnism . 
  nasheeds like the one you posted do n't count since they 're just prayers . 
  to be clear though , some other sunnis forbid music too so it is n't just a salafist thing , but it is n't a rule of sunnism that music is haram . 
  the op-eds/comment is free in the guardian is completely insane though so be careful . 
  the actual reporting part of the paper is excellent , but the commentary is far too dominant on their website and the craziest , least-informed people are allowed to write there without having to verify any of their facts . 
  yeah but there are also a lot of extreme left people who pop into threads related to the imf/trade/etc and make weird communist or anarchist comments . 
  so i would n't say it 's just a far-right thing . 
  the shutdown was a political stunt and it never affected any essential services . 
  parks closed down for a few days , but that 's really about it . 
  they even paid government employees for the days they withheld their salaries ( in effect giving them all a week-long paid vacation for no reason ) . 
  it was literally just a stupid way for politicians to look `` tough '' in front of the cameras . 
  good thing he did n't say that then . 
  since when is risk supposed to be the requirement for profits ? 
  they oppose foreign wars , they are protectionists , they constantly spew anti-globalisation and anti-capitalist rhetoric and oppose free trade , they do n't want to cut taxes dramatically , they believe in government-funded social programmes ( for french people only though ) , etc. 
  their main `` right-wing '' positions other than the immigration thing are zero-tolerance against crime , reintroduction of the death penalty , and their contempt for countries like iran . 
  all of those are things that even most of the american left are fine with . 
  of course , their * main * issues are immigration and opposition to the eu . 
  the latter is meaningless in us politics for obvious reasons , and the former is irrelevant since both major parties are pro-immigration ( although the republicans oppose illegal immigration ) . 
  of course , that last part is soaked in racism and almost fascist beliefs so it 's a pretty big problem , but other than that they are n't some sort of fringe extreme right-wing group . 
  the tea party is much more extreme in every aspect but race/immigration than the fn . 
  russian influence is never going to usurp american influence . 
  are you serious ? 
  us soft power dominates even our domestic media and culture . 
  this is a political issue and they 're objecting to a political decision by european leaders . 
   even a country like the us would not be the world 's first superpower without allies . 
  also , why would n't this be true ? 
  even if they became distant to europe they 'd still have more allies than china and retain primacy globally , only they 'd be a bit less dominant . 
  japan and south korea are n't abandoning the usa any time soon , and india is actively courting america now . 
  china is currently directly threatening us treaty-bound allies in east asia . 
  the us is responsible for the defence of japan and south korea , two countries whose oceanic territory [ has been claimed by china as chinese ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nine-dotted_line ) according to some ancient map . 
  of course , none of those governments recognise china 's claims , but that does n't change the core facts on the ground ( or water i guess ) . 
  what would be your response if tomorrow the us joined the eurasian union thing as an observer and announced that they no longer have any objection to the annexation of crimea or eastern ukraine ? 
  and this is n't even a fair comparison , since the us does n't rely on european protection for its own security but rather things are the other way around . 
  i do n't think our government should bite the hand that feeds until we can stand up for ourselves alone . 
  although i can see the us side of this issue . 
  it would be like america signing a treaty with russia that hurts the eu , because let 's be honest , russia is not actually a threat to the us itself . 
  that 's essentially what european countries are doing here . 
  not really . 
  cost of living in the us is way lower other than a few small areas like sf . 
  i 'm an engineer who used to live there and i made way more money and had to spend way less for the same stuff . 
  but that 's irrelevant . 
  european skilled workers could move to the us and become 25-35 % richer sure , but we 're talking about people who could move to europe and become 1000 % + richer . 
  you think he was talking about syrian muslims or christians ? 
  because it should be fairly obvious the latter was the group he was referring to . 
  other than its position on immigration it is far to the left of the republican party in the usa though . 
  yes and he would n't have to do that if russia was n't so aggressive and obnoxious . 
  what 's your point ? 
  yes , when russia was losing the war they lost territory . 
  why would anyone dispute that ? 
  but when they began to win , they held a massive amount of territory , including half the european continent . 
  so when you say things like :  what they can hold on to ? 
  you sound incredibly ignorant . 
  russian expansion is n't profitable for them ; it costs them a huge amount of money . 
  they are n't pillaging and looting annexed lands the way germany did . 
  crimea had a multi-billion dollar price tag , not the other way around . 
  germany 's economy was built on conquest . 
  as soon as they stopped taking territory they ran out of money . 
  how was ww2 not an open conflict ? 
  why would a liberal democracy like india have a revolution ? 
  has that ever happened anywhere ? 
  if people are unhappy with their government they can simply vote them out rather than go around killing everyone . 
  there was that time they held onto half of europe , but whatever , that 's not a big deal ... 
  latvian/lithuanian/etc are linguistically closer to persian and hindi than to finnish/estonian . 
  kinda odd how that worked out . 
  we all use similar scripts though because of the roman legacy on europe . 
  that applies to diplomats in a lot of major global powers too though , so why would that be a big deal ? 
  most american diplomats ca n't speak anything but maybe a little spanish ( unless they 're immigrants ) and they get by perfectly fine . 
  the best part : after that whole ordeal they turned around and did n't even stay in the eu . 
  saladin was a kurd . 
  he 'd be on the coalition side . 
  but they are n't going to employ any of that against russia over ukraine , a country which does n't matter at all to the us 's core interests . 
  let 's be completely honest here : the us going to war over ukraine would be political suicide for any politician who supported it .
