  chavez was lucky to die before that happened or his legacy would have been tainted . 
  more turks , less mexicans . 
  any party can do that though ; if they did n't , it 's because they did n't think they 'd get a notable number of votes . 
  i mean , the snp could field candidates in south england if they wanted but it would be a waste of time since they 'd get a handful of votes at best . 
  as it stands , if your party has widespread appeal but is not one of the major parties , you get demolished in uk elections . 
  this happened to ukip , the greens , and the lib dems . 
  if on the other hand your party has regional appeal but no real widespread support , you get a huge number of seats . 
  how is that in any way reasonable ? 
  why should a party with no support outside a few relatively unpopulated areas get to run the country while more popular ones get shut out ? 
  if you do n't have a significant amount of support in the uk , you should n't have a significant amount of power in uk general elections . 
  that 's not a democracy at all and is essentially just institutionalized vote disenfranchisement . 
  what do you mean by `` the ireland way '' ? 
  ireland paid for bank losses and nationalised the biggest problem bank ( aib ) . 
  the government also bailed out multiple banks on top of that . 
  did n't the irish government nationalise banks though ? 
  i know they did this with aib at least . 
  it would n't have made sense to force a haircut because that would 've been a public loss . 
  read what he said though :  i try to be very careful about making proclamations of `` truth . '' science done properly assumes that every proposition is falsifiable and that we must remain skeptical , especially of the views we have adopted ourselves . 
  but this is about as close as you get to fact : when the public sector spends in deficit , it is by definition a surplus for the private sector . 
  if the government spends $ 500 more than it taxes , then it must be true that the private sector earned $ 500 more than it was taxed . 
  period . 
  this is an inescapable accounting identity . 
  this is true * only * in the absence of outside borrowing . 
  if the government spends $ 500 more than it taxes but borrows that money from abroad , that money * does not * represent any sort of private sector surplus . 
  [ here is a graph of greek borrowing . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_government-debt_crisis#/media/file:hellenicoeconomy\\ ( incurrenteuros \\ ) . png ) pay attention especially to the last 10-15 years . 
  that money almost exclusively came from abroad because of greece 's eurozone membership and did not represent greek private sector surpluses . 
  the article you linked was talking about the us , and in the us context that makes perfect sense . 
  why ? 
  because almost all us government debt is held within the us by american institutions and individuals , not by foreign governments or foreign banks . 
  [ this is decidedly not the case for greece . 
  ] ( http://money.cnn.com/2015/01/28/investing/greek-debt-who-has-most-to-lose/ ) edit : even better source that shows [ the greek private sector only holds roughly 17 % of greek debt . 
  ( pdf warning !, 
  ) ] ( http://www.bloombergbriefs.com/content/uploads/sites/2/2015/01/ms_greece_whohurts.pdf ) this is pretty much definitive proof that greek public debt does not represent private sector surpluses . 
  wtf is dodetot \u00e4ror fof\u00f6ror lolitote ror\u00f6vovarorsospopror\u00e5kok pop\u00e5 ror/alollol ? 
  is that just made up nonsense ? 
  is it wrong if i disagree with that notion too though ? 
  allowing governments to adopt stupid laws about the internet that basically silence websites/forums because of what [ some ] users said on them seems antithetical to free speech in my opinion and i have a serious problem with a human rights organisation not taking a strong stance against it . 
  i mean , thankfully i do n't think any eu government is actually going to implement a law like that anytime soon , but it 's still a stupid ruling . 
   if the government spends more than it taxes , where does it come from ? 
  a public debt is a private surplus . 
  it is an accounting fact and you can argue till your blue in the face it does n't change it . 
  the gigantic wall of text you quoted did n't even say this , so why did you even bother including it ? 
  the extra spending did not come from greece at all , let alone the greek private sector ( which absolutely did not have any notable surplus to speak of ) ; it came from abroad . 
  greece , as part of the eurozone , was able to borrow far longer and in far greater quantities than it ever could have were it on its own . 
  the greek government continued doing so for years , which is the fundamental root to this entire crisis . 
  there is no zero-sum game between a country 's private and public sectors and the idea that such a thing exists is absurd , unless said country exists in a void where they are unable to borrow from outside its borders . 
  i do n't know of any country where this is the case though ; even north korea is able to do so . 
  yeah the eu basically mandated that every website give us a bunch of pop-ups that serve no purpose . 
  if you know what cookies are and how they work , the info presented is completely useless and irrelevant . 
  and if you do n't , the info presented is just confusing nonsense you are n't going to pay any attention to . 
  the guy i replied to said * any * republican winning would lead to war though , and that 's not really true as one of the most prominent republican candidates is way less likely to consider war than most of the democratic ones . 
  the most popular candidate to declare his candidacy on the republican side so far is probably rand paul , and he 's widely seen as an isolationist in disguise ( in that he denies it and says he is n't one , but his views are pretty much all about ignoring the world ) . 
  he seems like the kind of person to try to leave nato to be honest , and there 's no way he 's get into a war . 
  he 's just running to get his face on television again . 
  he 's a massively egotistical idiot . 
  but nobody actually likes him and none of the republicans in the primaries would ever vote for him anyway . 
  i do n't know why we 're even discussing joke candidates in a foreign election here because let 's be honest , that 's what he is . 
  i highly doubt even he thinks he has a chance . 
  same anywhere where google maps has a street view . 
  they did n't do it in some countries because of restrictions on filming though . 
  actual military bases are sometimes censored in the top-down view though at the request of governments . 
  yeah but it shows how silly our electoral system is . 
  when ukip gets 13 % of the total uk vote in the uk general election while the snp gets less than 5 % , it makes no sense for the snp to get 56 times the number of seats . 
  that 's completely absurd no matter how you look at it and if less than 5 % of the population get such a huge share of the power , it 's difficult to even call the uk a real democracy . 
  our system is biased toward the big parties , but it 's even more biased toward regional parties . 
  yeah . 
  he wanted to put it on the same day as the elections to boost turnout so the people who vote would n't just be highly-motivated ukippers , but that scared a lot of tories who thought the ukip voters might show up and vote against them so i guess that 's not the case anymore . 
  turkey is even weirder because of that 10 % requirement . 
  if we had that the snp would n't even be in government and ukip would be huge . 
  because the alternative would be not being able to form a government and watching labour form a ragtag coalition with the snp and greens instead ? 
  cameron and the tories obviously look down on ukip but it would be pretty easy for them to placate ukip enough to form a coalition . 
  all they 'd have to do is put a strict cap on immigration and hold a referendum , and while they would n't like the former , they 'd do it if it meant staying in power . 
  that 's not even the worst thing -- look at the percentage of the vote ukip and the snp got , yet ukip got one mp and snp got 56 . 
  that 's right , a party that got less than half the number of votes as another one received more than 50 times the number of seats . 
  thirteen people on that tiny balcony ? 
  how did they even fit ? 
  sad story nonetheless . 
  not when it comes to energy supplies though . 
  the us is the world 's biggest producer and does n't have any problems getting enough oil/gas to supply itself whereas europe does . 
  this is n't even an issue in america . 
  it 's stupid but in this case ukip was screwed the hardest so a lot of people are fine with it . 
  and of course , the major parties have a vested interest in maintaining the status quo which makes change difficult . 
   so a public sector deficit means the private sector is in surplus and has increased it 's financial wealth . 
  by extension you reduce the public sector deficit you also reduce private sector income ... unless you 're germany running huge trade surpluses . 
  one sector 's surplus is always going to mean some other 's deficit . 
  ... what ? 
  why do you think this is true ? 
  how does this zero-sum logic even make sense ? 
  this is n't even remotely close to being correct . 
  the us depression was n't caused by unsustainable government spending though , which is why the government was able to spend its way out of the depression . 
  the greek government on the other hand does n't even have enough money for basic services . 
  it 's not a good comparison at all . 
  they only did that * after * everything fell apart though ... 
  every time the ypg take arab territory from isis people go crazy talking about ethnic cleansing . 
  a week later , it becomes apparent it never actually happened . 
  and why would it ? 
  ypg have several arab fsa allies , and the usaf would n't continue supporting them so thoroughly if they were engaging in ethnic cleansing anyway . 
  it would n't benefit them at all . 
  successive governments but also the people who kept electing them ?
