  much of europe was butchering minorities by the millions and running colonies where famines killed millions more . 
  probably the usa  russia  china  europe in that order . 
  of the four , the esa has the least experience with that sort of thing unfortunately . 
  all other three agencies have had their own solo space stations . 
  they 'll lose some soldiers , which would be politically disastrous , they 'll kill some civilians , which would be counter-productive , they 'll spend money that their voters do n't want them to spend , etc. 
  not to mention , non-muslim armies fighting isis will be labelled as crusaders and more locals will join their cause as a result . 
  see : the entire iraq war . 
  lol, 
  it 's a grey area so different people handle it differently . 
  the quran was written by people who did n't understand how long days in the far north were ( i guess god is n't perfect ? ), 
  so it never accounted for that . 
  i though this already existed ? 
  i know in the us when you apply for permanent residence they ask you ideological questions about your affiliation with extremist groups or communists ( lol ) , or at least they did a few years ago . 
  if you 're already there you can believe whatever you want , but if you want to go there they can ideologically discriminate . 
  did n't the greeks oppose it when they last held a referendum ? 
  i seem to remember the turks supported it . 
  in 1951 there were still huge issues with jewish refugees and many were going to israel and causing problems for the british mandate . 
  it * was * created because of jewish refugees primarily . 
  1951 was literally right after ww2 ended ... 
  and you can abandon them when you 're done . 
  these blocks on the other hand require logistics to remove . 
  useless , expensive , and unnecessary . 
  a lot of things contribute to global warming . 
  ban them all ? 
  it 's not a war zone so why would a military force need to police it ? 
  no , nobody thinks that , not even his supporters . 
  i would be surprised if trump even stuck around long enough for the republican primaries since he 's only in it for the publicity . 
  plus there 's no way the republican leadership will allow him to succeed even if he 's somehow in a position to win because a trump nomination means the democrats will 100 % win the actual election . 
  nokia was dead long before that . 
  elop came in well after nokia 's market share collapsed and apple/samsung dominated the smartphone market , which nokia was barely even in . 
  imf never `` knocked '' with greece though . 
  greece was in a position where they literally could not borrow from anywhere else because market interest rates were over 20 % . 
  they might produce different types of paper for different purposes . 
  wow , textbook example of moving the goalposts ... 
  you make a new plan to pay back a loan in smaller increments over more time , or to take advantage of lower interest rates . 
  in greece 's case it 's more accurate to use the example of paying off a debt you have with a new loan that offers better terms though , since their market interest rates have gone way up and they 're only getting low rates because the rest of the eurozone is losing money and taking on risk for them . 
  even then the usa does n't really deport people very well . 
  there are at least 10m ( possibly a few million more that that too ) illegal economic migrants in the usa . 
  hezbollah has n't just fought israel and played a large part in the lebanese civil war . 
  they also undermine the lebanese state and turn lebanon into a partial iranian vassal . 
  and the houthis are just as autonomous from iran as the islamic front and fsa elements are from saudi arabia/turkey , which is to say they are in reality an iranian proxy . 
  there 's really no way to reconcile this unless you 're going to accept the saudis have no role in syria , which is obviously untrue . 
  the opposition in bahrain is in large part also backed by iran . 
  a lot of it is organic and genuine political opposition to an authoritarian regime , but a lot of it is also simply regional shia vs sunni power politics . 
  iraq 's most numerous and powerful fighting forces are explicitly trained , armed , and openly loyal to iran . 
  this has been the case since 2003 and iranian-backed , trained , and organised militias control the vast majority of iraq oftentimes under direct irgc leadership . 
  some of these militias like the mahdi army attacked the iraqi government regularly and operated death squads that killed sunnis , which lead to a lot of the sunni resentment today that 's feeding into isis 's hands . 
  of course , there 's also assad ... who is being propped up almost entirely by iran and its proxies . 
  their hands are not clean at all , and it 's pretty hard to make the case that their behaviour in the region is in any way better than saudi arabia 's or qatar 's . 
  they are n't but that does n't really make iran a saint either . 
  there are already mosques in romania ... there is a centuries-old native muslim population there . 
  is this really true in other countries ? 
  in the uk it 's the other way around and all sorts of things are blamed on racism even if it 's not necessarily true , and fear of being labelled a racist dictates what politicians and media figures are willing to say . 
  why should you feel any more shame than someone from france or russia or china ? 
  that mentality , that somehow we 're responsible for what other people do in other countries , gets us into constant trouble . 
  yes it 's horrible , but it is n't our business . 
  saddam killed even more people than the serbs and he wiped out entire villages multiple times . 
  that did n't make deposing him a smart move on our part . 
  assad is even worse , but only a fool would support an intervention because it is n't our war in any way whatsoever . 
  you and i are not responsible for what foreigners do to other foreigners . 
  people in literally every other country other than the anglosphere understand this but for some reason too many of us do n't . 
  curiosity ? 
  they probably heard that mauritania still has endemic slavery and were curious about what it 's like . 
  doubt anyone searching that is actually going to travel there let alone to buy a slave . 
  so it 's a town with 12 isis members ? 
  so what ? 
  bradford is a veritable isis hq then ... 
  huh ? 
  i do n't understand what you 're saying ... ? 
  the map is of the french government 's travel recommendations , so it 's obviously going to be tailored to the concerns of french citizens . 
  if a french citizen is arrested in sa they will not have their passport seized and be forced into slavery ; the saudi government will call the french embassy and have them deported . 
  the same is true for most western countries ' citizens in sa because the saudi government has close relations with western governments and does not want to antagonise them needlessly . 
  that 's the only reason sa is `` okay '' to visit . 
  it has nothing to do with them having good human rights records or fair courts or anything else of that nature -- but the really horrible stuff their government does to their own citizens and to migrant workers from poor countries is irrelevant to the travels of french citizens . 
  states still have a lot of rights . 
  the only thing they do n't really control is foreign policy , military policy ( although they each have their own separate national guard that the federal government has to nationalise to use in wars ) , interstate commerce , and constitutional issues . 
  the civil war was over constitutional issues , same for the recent gay marriage legalisation , but almost everything else is controlled at the state ( or lower ) levels . 
  the reason it does n't seem like the states have so much power is because they generally all implement the same laws together to maintain a degree of uniformity , which businesses and citizens prefer . 
  they could technically all have different laws about almost everything if they wanted however . 
  even their presidential elections are n't really popular votes -- instead , the citizens of each state vote on who they want their state to select , and the state 's electors go to washington dc and cast votes on behalf of their states . 
  so really , the states are the entities electing the president . 
  those two words are synonyms ... what are you talking about ? 
  the `` crass keynesianism '' was n't about the current government , which reduced spending and took a more pro-austerity line ( which did lead to a strong recovery ) . 
  that said , the tories only implemented a relatively weak form of austerity compared to most of europe , if only because we have our own [ competent ] central bank that made it easier for the government to fund itself . 
  it 's also worth noting that the us/uk were in a * very * different situation from greece . 
  our problems were caused by failures in the banking sector and the general economic downturn , not by extreme government overspending and high interest rates . 
  so when the crisis hit , our governments were not in a position where they were literally out of money and had to beg international lenders of last resort for loans well below reasonable interest rates ( which is precisely what greece did ) . 
  quite simply , obama and cameron did n't have to cut as much because they had the money not to . 
  greece had none . 
  not really . 
  russian authorities occasionally do something about illegal immigration and make a big show for the cameras but in general they 're about as strict on migrants as the us government is , which is to say they do n't really do anything much . 
  if you 've ever been to moscow you 've noticed all the migrants everywhere . 
  nobody is deporting them and most of them assimilate in the long-term ( after all they 're culturally somewhat close too with their shared soviet history ) , albeit less effectively than immigrants in the us . 
  the problem with those calculations is that they 're applied without looking at the age or health of victims , which does n't make sense if you are actually trying to determine an accurate figure . 
  the people who are dying are disproportionately old or sickly , meaning their economic output is either nothing or close to nothing and their burden on the state is significantly higher than anyone else . 
  friedman was right about a lot of things yet we still ignore him until they become serious problems we have to deal with , at much greater cost to ourselves . 
  being at the top sucks ... look at america and now germany . 
  in a way it 's great that the uk is no longer considered the `` leader '' anymore ; we get to avoid the worst backlash . 
  would it make economic sense to build one though ? 
  you do n't want to fund a rail system that loses billions upon billions of euros every year without benefiting enough people to be reasonable .
