  not that this really disproves your point though -- the romans probably had the best run of long-term stability and to put it lightly , human rights was * not * their strong suit . 
  yeah they were actually . 
  i saw this exact comment on / r/askhistorians a couple days ago and found out that before the us entered the war they were providing the majority of war materiel to the uk ( more than our domestic industry ) knowing full well they would n't get it back . 
  the merchant fleets were actually more dangerous to serve on than us navy vessels once they officially entered the war since u-boats specifically targeted them to keep goods out of britain . 
  the original german plan of starving us out was obviously never going to work as a result . 
  it 's basically the same thing that russia is doing with the separatists in ukraine if you think about it -- giving them money , weapons , equipment , and egging them on without ( well , i guess this part is less true with russia ) directly getting involved . 
  but americans were isolationist after wwi since the allied powers basically ignored wilson 's recommendations , so roosevelt had to wait for something like pearl harbour to happen to galvanise people into action . 
  no , which is why i said `` usually '' . 
  some of the people there might say things i disagree with , but they have a lot of truth to their arguments and are well-worth listening to . 
  of course , those people usually post details and present evidence for their statements as opposed to just vague blanket statements without substantiation . 
  a good example is thomas piketty , who i was inclined to disagree with instinctively but he won me over through his rigourous research and use of objective data . 
  this is n't something most cif writers do however and more often than not the facts work against them , hence the `` contrarian '' nature of their arguments -- they seem like they 're arguing simply for the sake of disagreeing even though they have no real reason to take that position . 
  i did n't actually downvote you or your submission . 
  people should read it and make up their minds ; i have no desire to censor what people see . 
  sorry though ? 
  nah , remember these `` rebels '' are really just russian troops with a few locals mixed in and given that they report directly to moscow there 's no way this will happen . 
  putin might not care how many people he hurts , but he 's not going to let his little green men turn russia into an undeniable global villain . 
  but does he try ? 
  and your fm is as good if not better than most native speakers so it does n't matter as much anyway . 
  putin has only brainwashed the general population though . 
  you think the top generals in russia are also drinking the kool-aid ? 
  shoygu is actually a lot more moderate than putin and was trying to de-escalate things back when russia began taking crimea . 
  so even if putin somehow got to the point where he wanted war , it 's hard to see the military backing him up even then . 
  how many troops though ? 
  you really think russia would go full war-mode if 500 nato troops without air power and heavy artillery went to eastern ukraine to secure the crash site ? 
  doubtful ... that 's not an invasion force nor is it one that could seriously threaten russia in any way . 
  it 's not like anyone is suggesting the us/uk send multiple divisions to eastern ukraine with a dozen air wings to back that up . 
  not really `` slightly '' more advanced tech though , but considerably more advanced tech . 
  the most elite russian units have equipment that comes close to nato tech , but the vast majority do n't have anything much at all . 
  and in terms of airpower , russia does n't really have anything comparable to american fighter jets . 
  of course , why should they ? 
  they are n't ever going to go to war with the us and putin is n't a complete idiot -- he 's spent his whole life murdering journalists and political rivals to get to the top and there is not a chance in hell he would just give it all away like that . 
  even china is pretending their tv is broken or something so they do n't have to comment on it . 
  this is one of those situations when everybody knows russia is in the wrong . 
  not sure the usg has a propaganda wing like russia or china though ... snowden pretty much leaked the general details of all their secret programs and nothing like that even came up , so it 's hard to believe that 's even a thing . 
  but yeah i wish people did n't constantly make silly uninformed ttip speculation and waited to see what was actually officially announced before making a decision . 
  it 's probably not going to work out but i 'd rather base my judgement on facts rather than vague crap about gmos or whatever . 
  military relations are n't bad though right ? 
  i know argentina is in huge debt to the us and ca n't pay it back though so i 'm guessing that makes things rough . 
  sad thing is , that 's still a considerably better lifestyle than 50 % of the world , and almost none of those 50 % have ever actually hurt their fellow human beings . 
  not that arresting them would n't be great , but is n't it better to just let them go so that putin can get his hands on them instead ? 
  there is no way in hell he 's pleased with their recent actions and they 're probably responsible for destroying his imperial project or at least severely damaging it . 
  if i had to guess , six months from now most of them will have disappeared for good . 
  no internet !? 
  shoot me , please . 
  given recent polling numbers this is n't really true , but maybe 20 % of russians are n't really ok with what is going on so that 's not an insignificant minority . 
  it 's worth pointing out that people in the author 's circle in that article are probably not representative of the general population though . 
  yes , and the people they attack are their own countrymen . 
  it 's heavily biased yes , but it 's still a critical news network . 
  rt is just propaganda with no attempt otherwise . 
  all it does is portray the west as bad and russia as good , with that being their primary goal and reason for existence . 
  but there are already clear consequences to the eu not doing anything , just watch the op 's video . 
  the us is less economically exposed and can more easily apply stronger sanctions , but the eu -- while more economically exposed -- is also more physically and politically exposed to the consequences of russian actions . 
  it 's eu citizens who were killed , not americans . 
  the eu could seriously threaten russia 's economy though , and contrary to popular belief putin is not stalin nor does he have such cemented power . 
  if the oligarchs and big business interests are threatened in a serious way they will be able to influence policy changes . 
  nobody , not even the craziest americans , is calling for war with russia or anything . 
  that 's so idiotic though . 
  if dutch troops went into ukraine as per the ukrainian government 's request , how would that in any way justify russia sending troops there too ? 
  troops on ukrainian territory is only for one government to decide , and shocker , that is n't russia . 
  i do n't know , but there are n't any examples of buildings targeted because ukrainian forces were trying to kill any civilians either . 
  russian media would have you think there is some sort of genocide taking place when really there is absolutely no evidence to support that . 
  for all we know , most of the destruction to civilian residences is insurgent-caused . 
  and surely pro-secession people could argue that obama clearly states the us would respect the outcome and work with an independent scotland as well ? 
  if anything , it shows that scotland will get immediate legitimacy from the most powerful nation in the world and is a huge boon to the independence campaign , even if they would rather scotland not leave . 
  it removes uncertainty of isolation from the picture . 
  polonium poisoning looks like natural causes if done correctly , which is why we have no idea how many people putin has murdered to get where he is today . 
  it took a while before doctors in london figured it out . 
  it also has a half life of less than 200 days , meaning any potential exhumation of already-dead victims will generally be useless and inconclusive . 
  well , the answer to the basic question `` is this good for us ? '', 
  is purely subjective depending on who you ask . 
  finding out the answer from as many diverse people of authority is generally a good idea , since no normal scottish voter actually knows the answer themselves and simply goes by what they believe ( which may well be correct for what it 's worth ) . 
  i would rather know what merkel , the dominant leader in the eu , thinks about it though . 
  ditto for the leader of the western world . 
  oh the head of the cia openly traveled there ? 
  yeah sure everyone knew that , but that 's not a secret nor was it some sort of covert operation . 
  he traveled there openly after the us government spoke to yanukovych ( remember , they were trying to end the protests and keep him in charge , but with a pro-eu stance at the time -- the us vice president even called him over this ) . 
   bring nato up to russia 's border - something the west promised russia only 23 years ago would never happen this never happened . 
  it 's a myth . 
  nato is an organization which only accepts voluntary member-states and because of russia 's past actions , its neighbours sought nato membership vigourously . 
  at no point in time did anybody promise not to allow russia 's neighbours to join nato and there was actually a brief period when the idea of russia itself joining nato was entertained . 
  the only promise made was not to put us bases in former soviet states/clients , which has been kept . 
  coincidentally another major agreement the two sides made was not to violate ukraine 's territorial sovereignty , and in return ukraine gave up its nuclear weapons . 
  russia blatantly ignored that promise and did it anyway . 
  he literally answered a question someone asked him . 
  it 's not like he went out of his way to discuss scotland . 
  i doubt the government asked the us for help and if they did i doubt the us would do it . 
  an independent scotland would be a us ally and the only way to alienate it would be to take an active role against independence . 
  fact is , most uk-allies and trading partners would rather scotland not break off . 
  that 's just the reality ; it does n't mean they are trying to prevent it . 
  relations between states are not the same as within states and it is foolish to pretend otherwise . 
  the world is not a democracy nor will it ever be ( nor should it be for that matter ) , and international relations exist in a state of anarchy for powerful players ( and a state of lesser , supervised anarchy for weaker nations ) . 
  germany has a say in spanish affairs because the spanish government put itself in that position . 
  it seems unfair but welcome to the world . 
  if they hold a vote and are approved by representatives of all the currently existing states ( congress ) , yes . 
  that has always been the case though and it is how most of the current states joined the us in the first place . 
  after joining , they have the exactly same rights ( and obligations ) . 
  but of the inhabited us territories , only pr has held one poorly-structured pro-independence vote . 
  the rest chose their current status instead . 
  in the future if pr cleans up its economic mess and holds a well-defined vote for statehood , it will in all likelihood get it .
