  nato is n't really against anyone but russia and the taliban though . 
  everything else we 've done has been outside the scope of nato even if many of the countries involved were nato members . 
  the worst part is the the `` shithole '' posts are n't even from english and scottish people . 
  all these foreigners are trying to get in on the banter and it 's making me angry . 
  people in glasgow were traditionally very working class , used very coarse language , and were heavy drinkers . 
  the city itself was also very grey and grimy . 
  obviously today that 's not really true as much , but the stereotype is still around . 
  and as everyone else pointed out , their terrorists are incompetent . 
  yeah but as we see in the polls , even the turkish `` bible belt '' is not completely unreasonable . 
  18 french citizens per million , but what about as a percentage of muslims ? 
  i 'm pretty sure french ( and western european ) muslims are more likely to join isis than bosnian ones . 
  lots of both . 
  isis is n't ethnically arab even if they comprise the majority of members . 
  departments in the un are given their budgets ; now they specifically choose to spend that money is up to them . 
  the general assembly is n't dictating individual wages or specific expenses . 
  so if interns are not being paid , the blame is n't with the ga. 
  it 's with the un 's administrators , who either hired interns they could not afford to pay or who allocated their funds in ways that made that impossible . 
  wow a 31 % increase in gas exports in one year ... 
  no of course not , but if you wanted to take slaves in a war and rape them you would not be violating your faith in doing so . 
  obviously that does n't mean you have any sort of religious obligation to do so , only that you have the option . 
  and as it turns out , some muslims out there are perfectly willing to take that option . 
  really ? 
  so you 're suggesting that muslims claim it is immoral and therefore hold that the prophet and his companions participated in immoral acts ? 
  for every islamic scholar you find making that claim i can find a dozen ( if not more ) on the opposite side . 
  of course , that does n't mean most muslims endorse slavery -- that 's obviously untrue . 
  but they absolutely do not condemn it as immoral ( although they may condemn certain forms of it ) . 
  you mean to say that a religion is contradictory and inconsistent ?!, 
  shocking !, 
  the source is a random guy in the mirror 's unsubstantiated speculation ... i never liked blair but come on . 
  what were they supposed to do ? 
  the eu announced the change right before a general election that the polls predicted would be extremely close , in a country with a generally eurosceptic population . 
  cameron did the only thing he could have done . 
  honestly the eu should 've just waited until after the election and it would 've been quietly dealt with . 
  i knew an osamah whose parents forced him to get a name change at 14 . 
  that obviously sucks but he went by sam anyway so it was n't really a big change . 
  he was a complete atheist too . 
  the un decides how to spend that budget though ... 
  did you catch the california lakers vs texas cowboys match ? 
  it was amazing . 
  at around 4 minutes in the accents become really terrible and change . 
  it 's pretty obvious by then that they 're just faking it . 
  unless of course cia agents like to role play with each other on the phones and change their accents all over the place for fun . 
  listen to the end of the call around that point and the beginning on the next one . 
  it 's a completely different accent . 
  this has always been a thing for secular people in muslim countries . 
  long beards have been associated with islamists for decades and men have avoided them as a result . 
  it 's pretty well-established that soviet policy was to export lower quality models to non-warsaw pact allies . 
  [ they were called monkey models . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/export_variants_of_soviet_military_equipment ) when the us invaded iraq they found that the iraqi army 's tanks were unable to fully destroy even american apcs and were able to be killed in single hits consistently -- they were clearly much weaker than the soviet versions they had been expecting . 
  other countries have similar policies as well , although in many cases they just restrict their best equipment and instead export older versions ( for example , the us refuses to export f-22s but does export their best models of f-16s to allies ) . 
  the warsaw pact nations did n't get monkey models . 
  those were for african and asian soviet allies . 
  those staff members are lucky the tourists did n't smash their skulls in ... 
  lol  not `` obviously not all of europe did the same shitty things '' but most of europe did not do some shitty things . 
  `` not all '' means `` once in a blue moon '' :  http://www.thesaurus.com/browse/not+at+all you looked up the phrase `` not at all '' , which is completely different . 
  it 's hilarious how worked up you 're getting over nothing . 
  nor did i say anything about white people , but since you want to argue you 're going to find a reason anyway . 
  obviously not all of europe did the same shitty things , but not all of america did either ... my point is just that there 's a * lot * of hypocrisy to be had here . 
  also , `` fucking white people '' ? 
  what 's that supposed to mean ? 
  nobody even mentioned gmos so stop trying to change the subject . 
  the question at hand is whether cheaper meats from other western european countries , which are equally safe to consume as more expensive french meats , should be allowed to compete . 
  anyone who values consumer choice would agree , but you do n't . 
  you disagree because you think they are less safe , despite having no evidence whatsoever that they are less safe . 
  you also argued that french people would n't want to eat them because they have more refined tastes . 
  but if that 's true , why should they be prevented from being sold in france ? 
  if nobody buys them , they will stop being sold . 
  the government should not interfere when it 's unnecessary . 
  if you 're wrong and french people do choose to buy cheaper german/spanish meat instead of expensive french meat , then the consumers win . 
  that 's exactly how it should work , but instead you seem to want to take the side of farmers over the rest of the population . 
  unrelated , but gmos are n't even unsafe . 
  there literally is no credible evidence to suggest gmos are any less safe than non-gmo crops and in many cases gmos use less chemicals and pesticides so they 're actually less detrimental to peoples ' health . 
  you 're making a lot of grand claims without any evidence at all . 
  ever wonder why the rest of the world sees your position as absurd ? 
  what you said has nothing to do with public health though . 
  just because meat in germany is not of the quality you personally like does not make it any less safe to eat . 
  unsafe foods are already illegal . 
  what you 're complaining about is how other people prefer lower-quality food because it 's cheaper and you want to remove that option from them . 
  if you were talking about public health , you 'd advocate banning all kinds of unhealthy foods including french-raised meats . 
  so what 's your point then ? 
  if you 're right , then why does the government have to get involved ? 
  if people want to buy certain products , stores will sell them . 
  if enough people agree with you then the french meat will be fine . 
  if not , people will buy other meat instead . 
  but your personal preference should n't force everyone else to spend more on a product they may or may not want for the price . 
  more left than sanders though and with some controversial ( to say the least ) views on foreign policy issues . 
  the republican party consistently chooses moderates to lead their presidential tickets . 
  the extremists lose in the primaries every time , although they make a lot of noise before that . 
  mccain and romney were both moderates with the latter once governing the most left-wing state , where he implemented healthcare reforms , gay marriage , etc. 
  it 's just that the us primary system ( like uk party leadership elections ) inevitably forces people to act more ideologically pure than they truly are since they first have to win their party 's vote before the general elections . 
  yeah , but what you 're saying is n't really an example of migrants being hurt so much as the natives being hurt . 
  the migrants are making more than they used to make ; the natives are losing their jobs . 
  if you kill all your enemies the conflict is resolved though !, 
  because russia and china are not generally seen as technologically competent in many other fields ( plus most of chinese technological progress these days is stolen ) . 
  russia is actually very advanced when it comes to space and aerospace tech though , probably just as much if not more so than europe -- it 's a holdover from the soviet days when the two big players were the usa and ussr . 
  `` citizen '', 
  he 's right though . 
  and we had foreign slavery through colonies until the mid-20th century too , with much higher death tolls than even american slavery . 
  it 's popular in / r/europe to pretend we have a better history than america but it 's complete nonsense . 
  in the first half of the 20th century the worst thing they were doing was overtly discriminating against black and asian people in parts of the usa .
