  i thought only we had texmex stuff in europe . 
  interesting ... it 's my favourite although i ca n't admit that in real life . 
  that 's how it is in the us too . 
  you 're not reassuring me very much right now ... 
  but chicken tikka is all ours !, 
  even the indians do n't want to claim it . 
  the problem is his suggestions would make the deficits even worse than what he 's complaining about ... 
  is he getting the experimental american drug treatment ? 
  they gave it to the two americans and both recovered , and then they gave it to the spaniard and he did too . 
  i think they 're getting worried about only giving it to europeans though because it makes them look bad so they might not share any more doses ... 
  heard on the bbc that he lived in a million dollar home too . 
  what the hell is wrong with that idiot ... 
  then it does n't need one . 
  not everyone has an independence day ... 
  they must be so torn -- they hate russia yet the alternative is full of homosex . 
  why not turn them back to the countries they left from ? 
  syrians did not come to europe through teleportation , they either crossed through turkey or through lebanon/egypt/whatever . 
  every migrant who goes to spain similarly came from morocco . 
  if they 're seeking asylum because they are afraid of being killed back home , why ca n't they stay in morocco or turkey or wherever else the first safe country they entered was ? 
  that 's the entire point of asylum -- to go to a safe country . 
  if they insist on going to france , germany , england , sweden , etc. , they are no longer just seeking asylum . 
  instead they 're now economic migrants looking to improve their lives in a richer society . 
  regardless , the idea that they will be taxpayers is unworkable no matter what we try . 
  it can not happen in a generation and based on our experiences so far , not even in two . 
  and this is assuming immigration figures are fairly limited -- if instead the numbers are greater , ghettoisation of immigrant neighbourhoods will even further retard their ability to integrate and become net contributors . 
  japan 's `` fate '' is n't really dystopian though -- all that has happened is people have not become wealthier over the last few decades and growth has stagnated , although the population has declined too . 
  this sounds bad , but honestly it 's considerably better than having your population increase with uneducated third world immigrants from violent societies , meaning a massive increase in social unrest , violent crime , religious extremism , the expansion of large ghettoes , etc. 
  the quality of life in japan on the other hand will be far better in 40 years than europe in 40 if nothing changes . 
   besides , i find it interesting that a lot of people are overlooking the population drops some countries have experienced recently and the dire need of those governments for future taxpayers . 
  the problem is the overwhelming majority of the immigrants in question ( african and middle eastern people ) are not net taxpayers and will not in any way help in this regard . 
  they actually use far more government spending than they ever contribute for multiple generations , meaning they put * more * strain on the governments in question rather than support it as new taxpayers . 
  it is n't the same case as in north america where immigrants are some of the best-educated , highest-income , and least government-dependent people in the country . 
  but of course , in north america the governments are able to choose which african and asian immigrants they accept , which means they tend to allow the local `` elites '' to immigrate and the end result boosts the tax base . 
  plus , those countries have virtually no social safety net so they do n't have nearly as many costs associated with poorer immigrants from mexico and central america . 
  the only way to achieve what you want is to also take advantage of brain drain in the developing world and invite the best and brightest in india , china , nigeria , etc. 
  to move to europe , but this ignores the fact that hundreds of thousands simply come here illegally from extremely violent societies with no education , no money , and no prospects whatsoever and we 're stuck with them . 
  no i mean the russian government is itself not very anti-israel and is actually very supportive of israeli actions . 
  rt is not meant for domestic consumption though so it could be anti-israeli for propagandistic reasons -- for example , to increase its appeal among western fascists , far-leftists , conspiracy theorists , and other groups who make up their audience . 
  rt could n't really express pro-israel sentiments without upsetting its western viewers , which would be counterproductive , even if the russian government is fairly pro-israel . 
  it 's similar to how rt never expresses anti-homosexual views because doing so would alienate western far-leftists who watch it . 
  yeah but honestly they probably want galileo to succeed . 
  as it stands their own system sucks pretty horribly and gps is us-controlled , which is basically their worst nightmare . 
  but do n't ask any questions about russia or the things we 're saying !!, 
  yeah i never understood why though , maybe it 's to increase its appeal to westerners who may be susceptible to its anti-american propaganda ? 
  it is n't for geopolitical reasons though . 
  russia is actually fairly pro-israel and is on good terms with the israeli government -- far more so than with the palestinians or any arab country ( almost all the arabs are us allies ) . 
  is n't it supposed to be propaganda though ? 
  they are n't really trying to be like radio free europe or anything ; they 're just a ukrainian version of russian propaganda . 
  only unlike rt , they ca n't actually go to russia to file reports the way russian journalists can go to the west and to rebel-controlled parts of ukraine . 
  like rt 's international reporting is most just stories about how the us is collapsing or whatever but ukraine could n't do that with russia because it 's journalists would be killed or arrested if they tried to record a segment like that in moscow . 
  the police make terror-related arrests all the time but more often than not they do n't advertise it because they do n't want people to know how they found out peoples ' intentions or start taking measures against that sort of thing . 
  plus , it probably involved questionable gchq methods that most people would object to . 
  wherever they came from , morocco , egypt , whatever . 
  if they 're fleeing persecution in eritrea then morocco is a perfectly safe environment for them to be in . 
  if they 're economic migrants on the other hand morocco is n't worth it and they can return home . 
  something to keep in mind though is that in most of africa and the middle east the vast majority of the population are children because of huge birthrates and low life expectancies , so no matter what the majority of refugees will be children ( the same way the majority of casualties in conflicts there are children ) . 
  that alone should n't affect our response to the crisis since it makes no sense if the majority of people are under 16 in the first place . 
  even if that happened it would n't solve anything . 
  most of the source countries where these people flee from have birth rates above 5 , while our own countries are shrinking in population . 
  that 5 % would have to become 10 , then 15 , then 20 , etc. 
  and nothing would change in terms of global dynamics . 
  only our own countries would n't be even remotely similar to what they are today because there would be huge immigrant ghettoes , high crime rates , widespread poverty , and failing public assistance programmes , overcrowded hospitals and schools , and so on . 
  yes but there are more people living in those harsh conditions than we could ever hope to take in . 
  not to mention , our populations are shrinking while theirs are booming . 
  at some point things have to change or our societies will collapse as they exist today . 
  we can not maintain extensive welfare systems and social safety programmes and take in the sort of immigration places like the us do . 
  unless we 're going to restrict public assistance to migrants ( who are already vulnerable ) or do away with it entirely we can not sustain the numbers . 
  he did n't say anything really anti-immigration though and the impression i got was that he actually wants to help people . 
  maybe his username is ironic or something ? 
  but despite everything you said , there is still a tacit understanding that there is some limit . 
  how could there not be ? 
  there are far more people who would wish to claim refugee status than the native populations of many rich countries and the idea that a country should or could accept those people is completely unworkable . 
  the only way refugee/asylum policies can function is through an understanding the numbers are and will be limited even if it 's not something anybody will say aloud . 
  you have to remember that the rich world 's populations are in decline while the poor world ( and the most war torn countries ) have booming birth rates . 
  i agree with all of this . 
  it 's really quite sad . 
  and i do not in any way believe poverty is primarily due to laziness even if it plays a role ( doubtful though since imo many poor people work much longer hours than me ) , but it is important to keep in mind that the poor oftentimes have different priorities from the middle and upper classes and sometimes these seem irrational and irresponsible . 
  many times unfortunately these skewed priorities lead to even more poverty and trap people in an endless cycle of despair . 
  here in the uk it is striking to see how quickly some poor immigrant communities become middle/upper class compared to others because they place a comparatively low value or material goods and instead value things like education far more than even the average wealthy britons . 
  indian hindu immigrants come to mind -- their religion and culture places a very strong emphasis on betterment through knowledge and their children do exceptionally well in school , and more often than not enter the middle class in a generation . 
  i see the same in nigerian families a lot too . 
  sorry i did n't want to but there are big differences in poverty among races in the us so i did n't know how else to do it . 
  rural vs. urban dynamics are very much delineated by race there in a way they are n't here so there 's no real way around it . 
  i was debating whether to even bother with the post in the first place ... for what it 's worth though , i do n't think the race is the key issue though . 
  it 's the poverty and the way people in poverty place higher value on objects of social status than necessities in a way middle class and upper class people do n't . 
  i do n't think this is really exclusive to the us or any race in the us either -- in romania for example you can see the same thing in the roma community with their extravagant houses and things . 
  our energy production is slated to increase quite a bit over the coming decades because we have quite a few accessible shale formations and our property laws make land ownership fairly simple to manage , so yeah we could easily start a fund soon-ish ( whenever production ramps up and our economy is at full steam again ) . 
  progressive is fine if there are clear brackets without exceptions and loopholes you are expected to take advantage of . 
  honestly , it 's probably better than flat since it allows for more reasonable scaling and lets new businesses have more breathing room . 
  poorly-implemented progressive taxation is a complete mess though and is far worse than any flat taxation could ever be . 
  the thing is , poor americans are not really looking for healthy lifestyles anyway . 
  their primary complaints * are * actually in many ways about hollywood things and it 's kind of a problem and a major reason so many people are so irresponsible with their money in the us . 
  when i lived in the us ( in atlanta ) i would see so many nice cars in poor majority-black areas parked in front of the worst , most ghetto houses . 
  they were emulating rappers and sports stars with flashy cars only they could barely afford their rent and utilities , and it was really sad to be honest . 
  people spent the majority of their income on items that had more to do with social status than utility and ended up needing government assistance even though they would n't had they been more responsible with their money . 
  it 's actually * not * just a stereotype even though it seems so ridiculous you would think it is . 
  ask any american or anyone who has lived there and they 'll confirm this is true . 
  ( also pretty much every cadillac escalade is driven by some poor black person from the projects for some reason -- i honestly have no idea why . ), 
  as for poor white people i ca n't really comment since they mostly live in rural areas why i never went . 
  i wish our government had done the same thing with our own oil to be honest ... maybe after the referendum they can get serious about it ( assuming scotland stays ) .
