  russia does n't even do that -- they just invade , take what they want , and annex territory for themselves . 
  what the people want is irrelevant . 
  and they do it to countries that are n't even remotely close to saddam or assad ; indeed , many ( all ? ), 
  of those countries actually have * better * human rights records than russia itself . 
  you really do n't remember crimea ? 
  like 50000 russian soldiers in tanks and helicopters and destroyers , with new weapons and matching equipment , showed up and claimed they were local self-defence units . 
  everyone knew it was bs , but it still worked fine . 
  i ca n't wait until the americans invade their next middle eastern country ... hopefully we get entertaining local self-defence shenanigans . 
  hispanics * do * look pretty arabic and the us army has plenty of them these days . 
  probably , or at least they 'd try . 
  but it 's hard to see how they could get away with it in negotiations that involve two ( or more ) sides -- no french negotiator is going to just allow some german to shill for siemens at france 's expense , and almost certainly the american side will oppose that sort of thing and call it out . 
  make it public though and those multinationals will go after the foreign politicians opposing their interests , whether through campaign donations and lobbying or the same to their political opposition . 
  what about people leaving europe altogether ? 
  i 've heard a lot of stories about massive brain drain to the us and canada in recent years , and i 'm curious how that works out compared to within-europe movements . 
  i ask as someone who moved to america for school/work in the past myself -- people like me were n't exactly rare at all . 
  and there are several european companies who moved huge numbers of their staff recently to places in the us as well . 
   consider for example what would happen if the eu gave subsidies to allow importers to pay a better price that 's not actually the issue though . 
  it 's not a lack of good prices that 's holding much of the developing world back , it 's the lack of jobs involved that is . 
  working in horrible sweatshop conditions is still far more favourable to not working at all and going hungry , and given birthrates above 5 in so many poor countries getting more jobs is the most important priority . 
  unfortunately for africa though , those sweatshop jobs ( which are quite numerous even if low-paying ) go to asia instead , especially china -- hence the massive economic growth there over the past two decades and the [ re - ] emergence of china as a global power . 
  similarly , soft power wo n't do anything to solve the problem of governmental corruption . 
  it has never done so in the past and there is nothing to suggest it ever will . 
  hard power or massive economic growth will , as in the cases of china , japan , south korea , the us , etc. 
   africa 's problems wo n't be solved by having less africans in it yeah they would , but yes , not the way you 're saying . 
  that said , the biggest problem africa has is the fact that it has * too many * people for the limited resources , infrastructure , and economic capacity . 
  there are not enough jobs nor is there even close to enough growth to handle birthrates above 5 , yet the population keeps skyrocketing and people have no option but to leave . 
  for example , by 2050 , nigeria will have a population larger than the entire us , with a gdp smaller than many us cities and a resource base smaller than a single state . 
  that is completely unsustainable and those people * will * have to leave . 
  their * individual * problems . 
  there 's a significant difference between an individual 's personal problems and societal ones , and those migrants basically chose to run away from the societal ones to help solve their individual ones . 
  for them it 's the perfectly logical and intelligent thing to do . 
  for us on the other hand , it 's more important to address those broader societal ones , but that would require an aggressive european foreign policy and that 's something we do n't have nor is it something we will have any time soon . 
  no african dictator ( or hell , even a `` democratically-elected '' president ) listens to nice requests , and the last time africa was `` under control '' was during the cold war when the two superpowers imposed their will through a combination of bribes and force . 
  here 's an interesting ( and frankly kind of shocking ) hdi comparison from the economist : http://media.economist.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/original-size/20101120_woc652.gif, 
   but very little destitution what ? 
  really ? 
  there 's plenty of destitution in the uk ; have you really never been to any poor places ? 
  hell , go to east london if you want to see poverty . 
  some parts of it look like third world slums ... 
  the problem is that income is n't adjusted for the cost of living . 
  all those states you listed are by far the cheapest parts of the us to live in , far cheaper than anywhere in the uk ( mostly because they 're largely uninhabited ) . 
  yeah but the whole point is they were as complicit in starting the war as germany . 
  germany would not have moved to annex poland without approval from the ussr because doing so would have meant germany would immediately find itself at war with the entire continent . 
  remember , germany at this time was not anywhere near as powerful as it would become once the nazi german `` empire '' grew to encompass most of europe . 
  when we say `` germany '' in the wwii context , we 're really talking about germany and every country it conquered as a single entity since they all contributed to the war economy . 
  and that `` german empire '' did not exist until the ussr allowed it to . 
  it 's not all unlike how in the suez crisis , israel started the conflict against egypt but it was n't really just an israeli-egyptian war , since the uk/france both secretly colluded to invade shortly afterward to take control of the canal . 
  you ca n't just blame israel and not britain/france equally since the conflict would have never begun without all three participating . 
  sorry i should have been more clear . 
  i meant they criticise western governments * but they are sitting on * the right side . 
  their actual criticisms are generally the same as the hypocritical leftist anti-imperialism/anti-capitalist the ussr did . 
  basically what i meant was they are to the right on virtually every issue they criticise the west about yet they somehow get away with it . 
  but the problem as i see it , at least from the left perspective , is that russia criticises western governments from a right-wing direction . 
  it makes no sense for that to appeal to anyone truly of the left . 
  i mean , sarah palin criticises barack obama all the time , but that does not in any way mean any self-respecting leftist should have any affinity for her even if they think obama is too right leaning . 
  anti-imperialist leftists who praise a highly imperialistic russia because of its opposition to the us are idiots . 
  it probably would n't be all that different . 
  the eu 's performance has been pretty awful and gotten worse over the same time period that the uk 's became a lot better , so while the two may be linked it is n't an overwhelming factor . 
  the argument that leaving the eu would hurt britain is more long-term , since eventually europe will start growing again ( slowly , but still positively ) and we could potentially miss out on the new opportunities . 
  regardless though , the uk is going to be doing a lot better than most of the eu for some time going forward . 
  iirc according to some recent study that was just posted on this subreddit , it 's now cheaper to hire british workers than spaniards or most eastern europeans despite the substantially higher wages . 
  that obviously bodes poorly for their competitiveness . 
  no choice but sign a nap with the nazis and invade poland ? 
  what kind of argument is that ? 
  they could have just done what 95 % of countries in the world did , and not invade anyone . 
  it 's because they 're scared . 
  people in eastern europe are genuinely afraid that they will be subjected to russian abuse again as in the past and they feel powerless against it . 
  this is important to remember since fear is a very powerful emotional force -- in russia for example fear of `` western imperialism '' is now a serious motivating factor behind putin 's success . 
  in the western countries public opinion was actually quite favourable towards russia until recently . 
  just yesterday i saw a poll from pew that showed a large majority of americans had a positive view of one year ago , which was surprising since i always thought americans hated russia . 
  of course since then things have changed and only a small number still view russia positively . 
  also eu countries finance the bulk of their operations via ransoms , so there 's that as well . 
  ca n't just blame islamists for giving them money ... 
  probably worth clarifying if you me the center-left or far-left , because the two are * very * different things . 
  the far-left hates obama and calls him a capitalist , imperialist shill , although he 's pretty clearly a leftist himself . 
  `` what 's a spanish socialist doing in ` murica ? 
  did he get lost ? '', 
  hungarian communism was also far more lenient and capitalistic . 
  can you retain your british citizenship if you do that ? 
  because if so , that 's a great idea . 
  but if you ca n't it seems pretty foolish seeing as the british economy is doing a lot better than the eu . 
  they definitely will , but after that putin would find himself with no room for expansion without a serious war with the west since ukrainian borders push up against nato pretty heavily . 
  nobody would go to war over a country they have no obligation to defend though . 
  if they were willing to do so , they would make that clear beforehand with a treaty or public statement to make the consequences abundantly clear for any aggressor . 
  i agree with you , but you did the same thing to him with the emigration comment because he 's romanian ... 
  the implicit suggestion was that romania is so bad they have to leave , so by pointing out it 's really not he just refuted your comment . 
  possibly , but regardless he presented it to the public as a success for peace and his acquiescence gave hitler a green light to move forward . 
  had he taken a stronger stance , it 's possible if not likely that hitler would not have been so aggressive in europe -- after all , it 's doubtful he would have gone to war against britain in france over the sudetenland and his `` german empire '' was only a fraction of its size/strength when he actually invaded france later on . 
  it 's all speculation though ... 
  no but i mean your chances of getting harassed by the police in the us are basically zero if you 're white ( or asian ) , partly because whites/asians have low crime rates and police judge people based on race , and partly because police are more likely to bother people in high-crime or dangerous areas ( where pretty much only black and central americans/some mexicans live ) . 
  like for example , stop-and-frisk was n't really a `` racist '' policy even though people portrayed it as such . 
  instead , the police went to the parts of the city with the highest rates of violent crime and stopped/frisked everyone there indiscriminately . 
  of course , this meant that almost everyone they stopped was black since the upper west side was n't really a high-crime area where they needed to check for illegal weapons . 
  all this applies to black people in suits or with african accents too mostly . 
  got ta live in a low-crime area , meaning you 're probably white or asian . 
  if you 're black , :(, 
  is n't apple pie the stereotypical american food ? 
  as in the phrase `` as american as apple pie '' ? 
  is it really british ? 
  but it does n't repulse them like everyone else so they 're still messed up !,
