  if not , spending inevitably must be cut even more . 
  good luck importing anything with drachmae ... and if you think greece would be able to run a primary budget surplus after leaving the ez you 're crazy . 
  there is not a single economist who would suggest that , not even krugman . 
  they also did n't exactly run a surplus last year : www.forbes.com/sites/timworstall/2015/02/16/greece-still-has-a-vast-problem-it-doesnt-have-a-primary-budget-surplus/, 
  because if you stop paying your debts , they will cut you off immediately . 
  what does that mean ? 
  every pension is cancelled . 
  everyone working for the state ( close to half the workforce in greece ) is fired . 
  all healthcare and welfare spending ends immediately because there literally is n't any money to pay for it . 
  imports become impossible to obtain , which in greece 's case includes food and energy . 
  ordinary greeks would either leave or resort to sustenance agriculture to survive and every multinational would cut their losses and get out as quickly as possible . 
  the government has to resort to literal begging for charity to feed its people and provide basic medicine , and the country essentially becomes a third world mess like any number of places in africa . 
  nobody will lend a country that does n't pay back its debts and a country with no source of money is barely a country anymore . 
  people think that things ca n't get worse but they absolutely can , and a pension cut will look like a dream compared to having no pension at all . 
  there 's a 0 % chance of the uk or the us or anyone else lending greece money if they default . 
  do n't kid yourself . 
  there will definitely be foreign aid , but that 's charity , not loans or investments . 
  we 'll treat greece the same way we 'd treat ghana or pakistan . 
  when a country defaults they 're basically saying they can not be trusted at all to borrow money and pay it back . 
  in other words , * nobody * gives them loans . 
  as it stands they 're already unable to get loans except from lenders of last resort like the ecb and imf . 
  labour would do the exact same thing . 
  and ukip would literally try to destroy the eu . 
  you 're upset that the uk 's public are less enthusiastic about the eu than your own and think that 's a good reason to kick the uk out . 
  what a stupid position to hold ... why not get rid of france and italy ? 
  they do n't even follow eu agreements they signed . 
  why not get rid of germany and every other member of the ez for ignoring the no-bailout clause ? 
  the uk is simply doing what its people want , which is to not get dragged into eu structures that do not necessarily benefit us . 
  it 's not really different from the rest of the eu in that regard , only most other countries stand to benefit a lot more than we do from the eu 's structures -- eastern europe gets free development assistance , germany gets a strong export market with a cheap currency , france gets massive cap funding , etc. 
  he did it for domestic political reasons though . 
  he needs to hold a referendum as much as he does n't want to because it 's been a core tory promise for years now . 
  he might also not want to be in a merkel-dominated bloc but that 's a secondary consideration . 
  and the southern states have by far the biggest black populations . 
  people always seem to think that the fact that republican states receive federal money means republicans are dependent on welfare but it 's not really true . 
  the people receiving that money do n't really vote for republicans ( they probably do n't vote at all to be honest , but if they did they 'd almost certainly vote for the democrats ) . 
  look at the budgets of those states -- almost all the money is spent on healthcare and entitlement programmes . 
  ... except every eu member but greece is in the middle of their recovery ( or done with it ) and is on track to reach their pre-crisis gdp . 
  yes , the eu did n't recover as well as the usa , but other than greece the recovery is absolutely real . 
  using that logic the whole world has to pay for the eurozone 's problems . 
  and on the other hand , the eurozone has to pay for crises in america and china . 
  the uk is not a part of the monetary union and has no more responsibility to deal with its issues than the us or russia . 
  economy is a huge part of it though . 
  german economic strength gives it massive soft power in europe and german companies ( and their goods ) are widespread around the world . 
  obviously the usa should probably be number one by a wide margin but i think the index deducted points because they use hard power too ( which imo is a stupid thing to do ) . 
  coca-cola , blue jeans , hollywood , kanye west , google , apple , etc. 
  are way too big to treat the same as bmw . 
  there are plenty of reasons low ( and zero ) inflation is bad that have nothing to do consumer spending , examples being : governments depend on inflation to diminish the value of their debt in real terms . 
  it 's a way of writing off loans by stealth . 
  inflation has a similar effect on wages . 
  unless workers successfully negotiate wage increases in line with inflation , real wages will fall thereby increasing the competitiveness of labor compared to other countries . 
  not to mention , there 's the risk for negative inflation , which actually hurts household spending and investment quite a bit more . 
  the rest of europe outside greece is doing fine . 
  the only thing holding europe back at this point is the economic situation in greece ... 
  yes it does , and popular entertainment absolutely boosts a country 's soft power . 
  if it 's part of a country 's culture and has appeal to the people of other countries , it 's undeniably an aspect of soft power . 
  was n't trying to insult italy ( or greece ) . 
  it 's just that there 's no chance at all that either ( or any other european country for that matter ) could feasibly replace german exports . 
  if people were to seriously commit to some sort of dumb boycott of german goods they 'd almost certainly be replacing them with american and asian ones , because on a productivity/cost basis nobody else could really compete . 
  austerity is n't really a religion ; it 's an inevitable necessity . 
  if a government is spending more than it takes in , it has two options : borrow to pay for things they ca n't afford , or make cuts ( austerity ) . 
  once they run out of lenders , the first option disappears and the only thing left is austerity . 
  no religion or ideology of any sort needed . 
  they 're probably not going to offer serious debt relief until they see the reforms in the programme implemented . 
  there 's no other way for them to do so without losing their next elections . 
  how are european leaders supposed to go home and say that they cancelled greek debts and then let them borrow $ 50b more ? 
  that just looks like they gave greece a massive gift worth tens of billions of euros at their own taxpayers ' expense . 
  do n't forget that greece is n't the only democracy in europe and the other electorates have almost all had enough by this point . 
  european leaders are already walking a fine line as it stands . 
  i mean , they could make reform proposals that address these sorts of issues in specific terms rather than vague generalities and i highly doubt the troika would object . 
  the problem so far has been the lack of specifics , meaning the troika is expected to agree to a bunch of hand-wavey proposals without knowing what they entail nor how they will be implemented . 
  of course they 're not going to go along with that . 
  ... except if that happens , that country will not be getting any loans from anyone for decades . 
  in other words their economy will completely implode and they will find themselves in devastating depression . 
  imagine if all foreign loans were cut off from greece tomorrow . 
  pensions would immediately end , the healthcare system would collapse , the gigantic portion of the workforce employed by the state would lose their jobs overnight , and greece would quickly become a third world country . 
  there 's a reason the imf is considered the international lender of last resort , and demonstrating to them that you will not pay them back basically means cutting yourself off from any and all lenders . 
  you 'll be reliant on what little charity you can scrounge and that 's about it . 
  of course they 're not solely behind any of those things but neither are sa or israel solely behind the conflicts they 're involved in . 
  my point was simply that if your logic is that we should support iran over sa and israel because iran is not a warmonger , then you 're sorely mistaken and are being foolish . 
  i agree with pretty much everything that you said though . 
  he 's in the foreign legion so i guess so ? 
  at least those guys are . 
  iran is just as warmongering as sa and israel though ... are you kidding me ? 
  iran is behind most of the proxy militias ( including the mahdi army ) in iraq , they were behind the anti-democratic massacres that the syrian government committed that turned a protest movement into a civil war , they 're behind hezbollah and the shia factions that fought in the lebanese civil war and later against israel , they were the primary source of arms for hamas ( until hamas took the opposition 's site against assad ) , they 're behind the houthi rebellion in yemen , they 're the primary source of arms for the sudanese government , etc. 
  i could go on for a long time . 
  of course with your username it 's no wonder you 're unconditionally behind iran . 
  it was n't official though was it ? 
  it was just a group of random congressmen who wrote a letter on their own time . 
  they do this for everything . 
  i remember there was a pro-syriza letter by some far-left congressmen a couple of weeks ago too . 
  that 's probably what they 're going to do . 
  i doubt they 'll actually properly just sell it -- that 's very rare and almost never happens . 
  it 's essentially the same thing though . 
  checks out . 
  most actual mercenaries are from africa and former soviet states so it would still be messy . 
  western `` mercenaries '' like blackwater are n't really true mercenaries since they do n't actually fight for the highest bidder and only work for their own governments . 
  it was the most important city in europe for centuries ... under a different name of course but the same city . 
  why not just combine the esa with nasa or something ? 
  i 'm sure the canadian and japanese space agencies would love to join too . 
  we could drastically expand our budget and get loads of new expertise with lots of experience actually going to space .
