  [ and here 's a page on the gross world product ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gross_world_product ) , which shows the entire world 's combined gnp and its change over time . 
  again , notice anything interesting ? 
  it 's been increasing constantly despite the resources on our planet not increasing . 
  [ last but not least , here is a chart showing global gdp growth from 1500 to the present day . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/16/world_gdp_per_capita_1500_to_2003.png ) guess what economic system began to dominate the world around the time the world 's wealth began to spike ? 
  just because the rich are getting richer ** does not ** mean the poor are getting poorer . 
  going by literally all the data , the global historical trends from as far back as we can tell up through the modern day shows us that actually , the rich have gotten richer and the poor have also gotten richer . 
  yes , this can happen in the immediate short-term , but in the longer-term it has never happened even once in modern history . 
  if you think these facts are up for debate , find a credible source that shows otherwise . 
  you are drawing conclusions from thin air , not from actual economic data . 
  yeah but the average person does n't live in nyc . 
  hell , the average person who works in nyc probably does n't even live in nyc . 
  that 's a utility though is it not ? 
  :o learning so much today !, 
  i really should travel around europe more ... in the uk and us most people speak basically the same language but with accents and some regional slang . 
  it 's still pretty understandable though , and once you know the slang even that 's not a big deal . 
  in germany is it just the pronunciation or do they use different words and grammar too ? 
  uh , no . 
  there 's no way immigrants in italy even cost more than 1 % of your gdp and they 're honestly probably way less than even that . 
  maybe if italy was like the us/canada or sweden that * could * be possible ( although in fairness the us does n't really have a welfare state for migrants ) , but it 's not . 
  corporate is ~ 35 % max , capital gains is ~ 15 % max , payroll is ~ 5 % . 
  there 's no way the total would be as high as it is on the graph if it was only showing federal taxes since almost nobody is taxed at the max rate in the first place , even if you ignore deductions . 
  on top of that , roughly half the population do n't pay income taxes . 
  regardless , op already confirmed it shows all combined taxes at all levels so whatever . 
  150 years is a long time though . 
  germany was unified relatively recently as well , and the most of the usa 's population immigrated there in the last 150 years too ( and they all spoke completely different native languages too ) . 
  people in different parts of those countries still speak differently but as far as i know they can almost all understand each other . 
  italy just seems so unique in that regard , especially since we 're talking about different dialects of the same language ( unlike in spain where they speak completely different languages ) . 
  an issue that should have been completely irrelevant became completely irrelevant , forcing politicians to stop wasting as much time on what is a marginal issue so they can deal with things that actually matter . 
  plus , married couples = financial stability . 
  and of course , legalising gay marriage is objectively the right thing to do in a secular society , and the fact that it 's legal means the church has less power on matters of politics . 
  governments should not be religious enforcers . 
  yeah that 's what i was talking about though . 
  taxi drivers created a system where they get to legally prevent new competition . 
  the only way to enter the market is to pay the existing players ( taxi drivers ) extortionate amounts of money to purchase their license . 
  can you think of any other non-utility industry that operates the same way ? 
  an industry in which legally nobody is allowed to compete without buying off their rivals ? 
  imagine if we had laws about how only x number everything were allowed to operate ... we the consumers would be forced to pay more and receive less for everything . 
  i hate uber 's attitude too but one thing they 've shown us is that it 's possible to have a better service , faster , and at a lower price , provided the legal framework allowed competition . 
  the problem is , in most major cities cab drivers have successfully locked in anti-competitive laws . 
  but a default is expected to cut it by 33-50 % , which basically means everything not required for a functional society will be gone . 
  even varoufakis said as much ( although now he wants a no vote for some reason ) . 
  out of curiosity , why do n't you move ? 
  you 're fluent in english , you work for international clients , so why still live in greece ? 
  so much of the stress and worry you live with would disappear . 
  but what other choice do they have ? 
  taxi licenses are extortionately expensive through years of lobbying by taxi drivers and companies , and the barrier to entry is so high now that nobody can compete . 
  if the licensing process was opened up and no longer so protectionist , all of those uber drivers could get official status and pay taxes . 
  artificially limiting the supply through protectionist rackets means everyone who wants to compete will inevitably be breaking the law . 
  and if they 're breaking the law , the last thing they 're going to do is declare illegal income so they can pay taxes . 
  is it any wonder that cabs are such a universally shitty experience ? 
  they do n't have to worry about the competition , and when they do eventually feel threatened they riot to get their way . 
  yeah that makes sense i guess ... you kinda changed my mind . 
  i thought that was camels ... 
  how is it still like that ? 
  do italians not move very much or consume mass media that exposes them to other dialects ? 
  i and everyone i know can understand like 95 % of regional dialects of english with the only exceptions being groups that are small , very far away , and have no real public presence . 
  also some scottish people are impossible to understand but i 've been told by other scots that they have no idea what 's being said either . 
  edit : [ apparently most of these `` dialects '' are really separate languages with separate linguistic origins ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/linguistics/comments/1pz01w/how_mutually_intelligible_are_dialects_in_italy/ ) . 
  the difference between some of them is more like the difference between english and norwegian . 
  the greek economy did start growing for a brief period before syriza came in , so there 's that ? 
  the political instability killed the nascent recovery though . 
  they pay some portion of tax but it 's very low and the overwhelming majority is repatriated to the us to be taxed there . 
  most countries have similar schemes but ireland 's is especially good for foreign companies , which is why they all have their european hqs there . 
  ireland is fine with it because they 're essentially get a small but still substantial share of american corporate profits to bolster their budget . 
  all or it could n't possibly be that high . 
  the top brackets of their income tax are in the mid-30s and obviously only a small minority actually pay that much . 
  oh i understand it , i just agree with my friend that it 's counterproductive . 
  pride parades get plenty of support from people who are already okay with homosexuality , but they oftentimes repulse those who still look down on it . 
  and the latter are the group whose views we need to change . 
  imo the best way to do that is to normalise homosexuality to the point that they do n't really see any significant difference between themselves and gay people . 
  legalised gay marriage is already doing that as people now get to see normal married couples with normal married lives , who incidentally happen to be gay . 
  my parents actually came around to homosexuality when they found out that two of their closest friends ' son was gay . 
  they basically realised that all the stereotypes they had of perverted gay deviants were nonsense . 
  edited my post with a good link for further reading btw . 
  it 's better-written than my wall of text . 
  if you have debt held outside greece in another currency then no . 
  you 're not going to be able to exchange drachmae to euros or dollars for a while , at least until the currency is no longer volatile . 
  the only conversion that will take place will be by the greek state at whatever official rate they set ( which nobody outside greece will even entertain ) . 
  i have no idea if debts held within greece ( say by greek banks ) will convert to drachmae too . 
  i doubt it for the very reason you pointed out , as the greek government probably would n't want to risk a total collapse of the domestic banking system , but with syriza 's radical left ideology it 's hard to speculate . 
  again , a great example is argentina . 
  they were n't in as bad of a position as greece but huge numbers of people lost their savings or found themselves in massive personal debt because of the government 's peso-dollar 1:1 exchange rate . 
  basically , anyone or any corporation that owed debts denominated in dollars could pay it back at the official exchange rate , but obviously that only applied to internal debts . 
  money owed outside the country required unofficial exchange rates since foreign lenders only accepted usd , which caused mass insolvency . 
  unlike argentina , greek individuals and corporations have a lot more cross-border obligations since the majority of greeks and greek corporations use non-greek banks ( or greek banks themselves use non-greek banks ) . 
  they would n't be able to service their debt . 
  here is an excellent article that explains what will happen based on the argentinian example : www.nytimes.com/2015/06/26/business/an-echo-of-argentina-in-greek-debt-crisis.html, 
  sorry that 's what i meant . 
  i edited it to make it more clear since my wording was pretty terrible . 
  the london one is pretty crazy , at least some parts of it . 
  the majority of people are normal but the thing is , nobody really remembers the normal people compared to the wacky ones . 
  and if we 're talking about the sorts of people who still hold negative views of gay people , then that 's actually kind of a problem as it gives them a reason to continue believing gay = sexual deviant . 
  what shameful things have the troika 's representatives said about greece ? 
  i do n't recall any particularly bad examples of their diplomats/representatives throwing insults around or saying anything offensive except for when sch\u00e4uble says brutally honest things that are n't politically correct . 
  syriza imo have acted like boorish amateurs with the nazi comparisons by their own leaders and official party publications . 
  the same goes for all the dishonest conspiratorial claims they 've made about the troika . 
  personally i sympathised with them and thought the austerity was too harsh and debt relief was necessary , but the way they acted made it very difficult to want them to succeed . 
  varoufakis was the only professional . 
  if you 're talking about what the gutter press and random citizens on both sides have said however , then i 100 % agree .
