  it 's not really useful soft power though . 
  i mean , okay so romania likes us a little more . 
  great . 
  they also like germany and spain and neither have the same `` soft '' influence on romania , so clearly the royals are n't a necessity for that sort of bond . 
  and where else do the royals get enthusiastic responses ? 
  the only place i can think of is the us and canada , but they 're both already our closest allies and the added soft power effect is meaningless . 
  i highly doubt obama considers the royals in any decision he makes . 
  kind of , but there 's some nuance to it as well . 
  a huge portion of the israeli population came from majority-muslim countries where they were expelled , killed , and had their property stolen from them . 
  for these people , israel is the only safe haven they 've ever known and the idea of living in a majority-muslim state again is a terrifying proposition . 
  for european-descendants of older age ( they or their parents fled after the holocaust ) , they still remember the multiple wars waged by arab armies to destroy israel ( remember , the palestinians had much more territory back then ) . 
  and then of course , there were the constant suicide bombings and massacres against civilians in israel before the military blockades and barriers went up . 
  so there 's definitely racism , but it 's also largely based on actual legitimate fears , not just irrational phobias . 
  israeli jews have had really awful experiences with muslims in the past and would probably rather die than find themselves in that position again . 
  and honestly although i despise zionism and the israeli government , i do n't blame them . 
  i would be the exact same if i was in their shoes , and nothing in the me in recent years has given me any confidence that a majority-muslim state would not massacre its jews . 
  that very situation is happening everywhere with minorities there has n't already been a purge . 
  it 's also worth nothing palestinians are among the most radical islamic populations , along with pakistanis and somalis . 
  it has tits all over its website and a lot of people like tits . 
  not sure it 's a big news source abroad though since it 's website is barely news-related in the first place . 
  maybe , but local news about the milk budget is still far more relevant to my life than the massacres happening in syria . 
  it sounds horrible , but it 's objectively true . 
  most people do n't care about things that have no impact whatsoever on their lives . 
  and if they want to consume news that is completely irrelevant to them , they 'd rather it be about aliens or the devil or whatever . 
  i used to look down on them too , but then i thought about it and realised they 're actually probably right . 
  aliens * are * way more interesting than syria . 
  why let ethnicity play any role in it ? 
  if nobody can choose their ethnicity how is that a reasonable factor at all ? 
  like for example , the current president in america is an american because of his citizenship and his desire to be an american . 
  nothing else really plays a role . 
  in hungary someone like him would never be able to be a hungarian . 
  is that not an incredibly stupid mentality ? 
  wait how is this new or unusual ? 
  this has always been the case since the us became a country . 
  i mean , this sort of rhetoric was common even during economic boom times . 
  that 's what happens in democracies where the workers are the same people who get to vote -- politicians say things that appeal to those very people . 
  * shocking , i know . 
  * it 's the exact same in every european democracy too , including britain . 
  this guy 's argument makes no sense . 
  but it 's a city made up of other countries ' elites . 
  it 's not some sort of organic nation-state but an artificial invention where asia 's western-minded rich go to escape the chaos and disorder of their home countries . 
  have you noticed how despite being so ethnically diverse nobody there is japanese or korean ? 
  why ? 
  because japan and korea are already stable , liberal democracies with a high level of development . 
  singapore is to asia what the us was to europe in the 30s/40s . 
  anyone who could move there did , but those people were primarily elites with money . 
  singapore is also basically a uk/us client city state . 
  it 's foreign policy is n't even really that independent . 
  if you 're arguing against western influence that 's a pretty bad example . 
  also , india is absolutely a liberal democracy and a proud one . 
  they just held elections where the ruling party was swept from office and it gave up power without a fight , and the new government came in and has yet to persecute any of their rivals . 
  come on ... 
  the 30 best places in the world to live are almost all liberal democracies . 
  this is n't just some crazy coincidence . 
  you 're confusing responsibility with obligation . 
  even if you have no obligation to vote it 's still your responsibility . 
  that does n't mean you * must * vote though . 
  but at least walmart pays the minimum wage . 
  the programmes you 're referring to do n't event do that . 
  the us has this already though in a way . 
  you ca n't receive certain benefits unless you are actively looking for work ( the uk copied this too ) and even that runs out , so people are forced to find work , even if it 's for bad pay and menial . 
  but then again , is n't that what those public employment programmes are too ? 
  at least this way the state does n't have to waste money . 
  if your country has weak welfare systems , then making up fake jobs is n't an issue ; people will have to work eventually anyway . 
  for example even immigrants in the us almost all work for money . 
  that is n't the case here . 
  are they being used for long-term productive reasons ? 
  or are they just a way to cook the books and make the government look good ? 
  the new deal for example was mostly about building up us infrastructure and many of its programmes are still benefiting the us economy today . 
  if hungary is doing the same there 's nothing particularly wrong with it . 
  if it 's just a sham though , then hungary is copying any number of failed states before it -- venezuela , cuba , the ussr , argentina , etc. 
  the problem is , actually making useful moves requires a skilled workforce that is unemployed . 
  the us had that in the 30s . 
  in hungary today i 'm not sure skilled workers stay in the country if they ca n't find work . 
  not giving them money does the same though , at lower costs too . 
  i 'm not against the welfare state but it can not be denied that not providing as much government assistance forces people to look for work . 
  is it more effective than these courses ? 
  i have no idea and would love if someone found some research on the matter . 
  but i mean , the us and canada have much smaller welfare states and their employment situation is better than europe 's . 
  not really useful in the same way because of geography though . 
  nobody flies these sorts of goods . 
  yeah they stopped calling themselves china too and started using taiwan in international contexts to differentiate the two . 
  it was though . 
  the 1936 olympics was cast in the us as free americans vs. evil hitler-lovers in the usa . 
  in the opening ceremony they famously did n't acknowledge hitler , salute , or dip the flag because public perception in the us was incredibly hostile . 
  it 's not unlike the us public 's views on putin today -- they have no intention of going to war , they do n't even think a war is in any way feasible , but they despise putin . 
  multiply that times 10 . 
  the usg was propagandizing against the nazis from the start of war in europe . 
  fdr knew the us would have to get involved which is why they sent so much materiel to keep the uk free ; any eventual us involvement would have to be launched from england ( `` the unsinkable aircraft carrier '' ) . 
  pearl harbour was the excuse they needed to declare war as it eradicated any isolationist sympathies people held . 
  and a political paper by nazi opponents ... yep , i 'm gon na call bullshit on this one . 
  also who talks religion anyway anywhere ? 
  that 's a really stupid and pointless thing to do if you 're just a tourist . 
  both work and i do n't think people care . 
  i usually would ask , `` can i use your bathroom ? '', 
  people are n't really that picky about what words other people use , probably because it 's a huge country and some americans say completely different things than others . 
  the biggest difference i 've picked up is that people in the south are way nicer than people in the north , and people in the north are way nicer than people in europe or the uk . 
  but i 'm not sure how much of that is fake social customs or genuine interest -- it 's definitely a mixture of both . 
  is n't he population density there similar to that in sweden though ? 
  same in the us , but some people are stupid and disregard the rules .
