  they did that in greece and as a result it would be cheaper for the government to pay cab fares for everyone than maintain rail services . 
  would be interesting to see cost per passenger stats on these . 
  several of them have very few passengers for their expense and probably should have never been built , and others could do with expansions . 
  do you have to pay property taxes though ? 
  because that could make it extremely expensive to own ... 
  `` how the greek government hired wall street ( along with several european banks ) to trick frankfurt '' would be more accurate but it does n't have the same ring to it , does it ? 
  why are they takbiring ? 
  how many of their debts are internal though ? 
  it 's a loss-making operation though is it not ? 
  of course it sold for next to nothing . 
  dude , they 're explicitly nazi : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/golden_dawn_ ( political_party ) look at how [ their flag ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/17/meandros_flag.svg/1536px-meandros_flag.svg.png ) is designed for starters ... it does n't really matter if the symbol is greek because it 's made to look exactly like the nazi flag . 
  and of course their history is horrible with open anti-semitism , street violence , participation in genocide , etc. 
  their official paper still openly supports stalin though . 
  in fairness the us/canada/australia do the same thing too . 
  there are hundreds of foreign firefighters in canada right now fighting fires . 
  you do n't * need * the eu to have beneficial mutual cooperation . 
  / obligatory british scepticism, 
   during world war ii , he was at first stationed with the british military mission to france but , after private accusations that he held nazi sympathies , he was assigned to the bahamas as the islands ' governor . 
  after the war , he was never given another official appointment and spent the remainder of his life in retirement in france . 
  ( source : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/edward_viii ) lol ... 
  are immigrants the ones burning the cars ? 
  investigation ! = court system . 
  they do n't even need saudi oil anymore and their government has n't exactly been kind to the saudis as of late . 
  on the other hand we in europe still need saudi oil ... it 's not really the americans you should be worrying about . 
  plus it does n't matter as our courts are all independent , so the saudis could complain all they want and it would n't make a difference . 
  i 'm not even sure if he 's only talking about tech startups to be honest -- he did n't actually say that . 
  but if he is n't , then his figures are obviously wrong so ... 
  yeah of course , but if unis were the determining factor silicon valley would be in boston next to mit ( dropbox ) and harvard ( microsoft , facebook ) . 
  do n't get me wrong -- stanford and caltech obviously played a huge role too . 
  who actually likes ryanair ? 
  it 's shit , but it 's cheap so people fly with them . 
  every company has to make a trade off between the quality of their product/service and its cost . 
  ryanair chose the extreme end of both while most other airlines are in the middle . 
  on the other end of the spectrum are carriers like etihad that cost a huge amount of money but have exceptional service . 
  you 're kinda forgetting that the majority of startups in silicon valley were n't originally from there so it 's not necessarily the local universities that are the biggest factor . 
  plenty of small startups from places like atlanta ( and even bangalore ) end up in california so they can chase the funding . 
  a lot of those boston ones are n't strictly tech startups so i do n't know if they count here . 
  among muslims in general i 'd agree that the ratio is higher ( * much * higher ) , but this is in russia where decades of communism largely killed off the most intense religiosity . 
  and according to the polling data , central asians and russians who identify as muslim are by far the least religious muslims in the world ( with the notable exception of chechens ) : www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-overview/ based on the data and considering the picture is from moscow , which is full of central asian immigrants , it 's almost certain that the majority of people in the pictures above are not particularly religious and do n't base their lives around their faith . 
  i honestly would n't be surprised if a large portion of them did n't even fast for ramadan ; they 're just there for the special holiday . 
  that was only true during the beginning of the cold war though . 
  eventually boosting west germany up became american policy ( despite british and french concerns ) because it was seen as the frontline of europe . 
  after the iron curtain fell , the us most strongly supported unification while europe was uneasy because they would lose their relative power as a result ( they were right too , but i do n't think the americans really care ) . 
  this is n't true unless you ignore the rest of northern europe . 
  it 's not that germany and france have opposing views , it 's that almost all of northern europe and france have opposing views . 
  people just tend to forget about the rest , in large part because those same governments are glad to let germany take all the flak . 
  wow what a misleading article . 
  the author cites migrant numbers in switzerland/norway/etc but leaves out that those migrants are mostly educated western europeans , not poor and uneducated migrants from alien cultures . 
  there 's a huge difference between a german businessman moving to switzerland and an eritrean who has never had a real job moving to germany . 
  cameron will find an excuse to postpone it or move the date up a year if it looks like greece is going to be a huge problem again . 
  honestly it 's probably just a plan to get the us navy out of the atlantic ( where they do n't want to be anymore ) and into the pacific . 
  if anything we wo n't be more dependent on them , they 'll be more dependent on us . 
  take them to court . 
  win 3 . 
  problem solved !, 
  most palestinians in lebanon do n't live in refugee camps for one , and on top of that their living standards are one average still better than over a billion people around the world . 
  if germany were to allow people from lebanon to stay as refugees , they would essentially be saying that at least a billion people have the right to live in germany so long as they make it there illegally . 
  is that really reasonable at all ? 
  it 's a religious holiday ( the end of ramadan ) . 
  a lot of the people there probably are n't very religious anyway but they attend a few major events every year -- sort of like how churches are much more full on christmas and easter . 
  the laffer curve has nothing to do with compliance or tax evasion . 
  the model actually assumes perfect tax enforcement . 
  what it 's about is how high taxation ( past a certain point ) reduces economic activity , which leads to lower tax receipts . 
  they get huge amounts of free money from the us government but what they do with that money is outside the us government 's control . 
  so yes , there is a lot of corruption and they would never even consider secession . 
  the federal government is uncomfortable trying to crack down on corruption and fraud on indian reservations so they just turn a blind eye . 
  no they wo n't . 
  they 'll be rejected but they wo n't actually be deported and they 'll stay illegally . 
  this is what 's been happening in britain for years . 
  tories did . 
  cameron pushed it through over the objections of several of his mps too . 
  wait so are you saying because they joined isis they are n't british ? 
  sure . 
  but the other guy was saying because they are n't ethnically british they are n't british , which is nonsense . 
  plenty of people born to immigrants are british even if their ethnic roots lie elsewhere . 
  you should 've done what russia did and keep the anthem but change the words . 
  yeah , so everything would suddenly cost more . 
  and on top of that , energy for example can not actually be domestically produced and would still be the biggest import market in the greek economy . 
   the country is lush and has plenty to feed it 's people . 
  there is never any need to worry about water or food in greece . 
  time to get back to homegrown industries . 
  yeah this is n't true . 
  greece has to import half its food and most of its energy , which in turn affects literally every other industry . 
  greece ca n't be self-sufficient , which is one of the reasons this is so difficult -- just leaving and abandoning your debts would make it impossible to import vital goods . 
  you act like greece is already at its lowest point but that 's not true at all . 
  there 's still a very long way to fall . 
  yeah , so a lot of what you 're saying is just completely wrong on a purely factual basis . 
  look at gdp growth in every country but greece over the last few decades and it 's pretty obvious that those countries are not being turned into third world ones . 
  yes , eastern europe suffered a horrible decade as their inefficient state economies transformed into market economies , but after that they 've been growing extremely well . 
  greece is the sole exception because after joining the eu it experienced massive debt-driven gdp growth that is now being wiped out : www.vox.com/2015/6/28/8858727/greece-gdp-chart almost none of that gdp growth spike was the result of increased competitiveness or government investments or private sector growth . 
  ... yes ? 
  i mean , if they want to go their own way and make their own decisions that is obviously their right , but that means they do n't get foreign money to pay for what they want . 
  if on the other hand they want to make expenditures that they can not afford and they need european funding , they ca n't just do whatever they want anymore . 
  it 's a pretty simple concept . 
  greece can leave the ez any time it wants . 
  greece can refuse to pay their debts too . 
  but of course , actions have consequences and those consequences would be devastating . 
  and what 's the alternative ? 
  allow greece to maintain spending they can not sustain , which means perpetually lending them more and more money that will never be paid back ? 
  if greece wants to live off foreign aid make it clear and we can treat it like every other country that relies on charity .
