  and of course , if they 're all in prison none of them can work and pay taxes . 
  did you even read the article ? 
  it literally says in no uncertain terms that it 's only a hate symbol in certain contexts and should be looked at case-by-case . 
  if it has the words `` white power '' on it then it 's a hate symbol ... shocking . 
  itt : people who did n't read the article ( including op ) . 
  ironically putin also has excellent relations with israel and with several russian-israeli oligarchs . 
  he 's arguably the most pro-jewish russian leader in centuries too . 
  yeah he was . 
  jews had a pretty rough time forever in europe . 
  these are all internal greek problems that a pan-european anti-austerity party would n't really address at all . 
  yes , the greek tax code is a failure and corruption is endemic , but anti-austerity policies do n't actually do anything whatsoever to fix that and just serve to make the greek state 's financial situation even worse . 
  are n't there thousands of graves in the deserts along the us/mexico border ? 
  despite mexico not being a warzone and despite mexico being richer than most of the world , people * still * risk death to get to the us . 
  the war is n't going to stop for a very long time ( possibly long enough for them to have children and for those children to grow up ) , and even when it does end there will still be some form of insurgency for decades . 
  it took the us army 10 years to end the insurgency in iraq and a year after they left it started up again ; what makes you think the syrian or iraqi governments are capable of doing the same ? 
  even syria and iraq have safe areas though . 
  the problem is that it 's almost impossible to get to them and settle there unless you 're part of the right ethnicity/sect . 
  highly doubt it 's even close to the majority . 
  the syrian army have left behind entire warehouses full of weapons and ammunition on multiple occasions as they retreated . 
  no there are not . 
  there are only two groups that have ever received tow missiles and they have to record themselves firing each one to get a replacement . 
  and neither of those groups have ever defected to extremists nor are they even islamist . 
  99 % of the atgm you see in syria were captured from syrian army stores it from the retreating iraqi army ( kornets mostly ) . 
  the last moments would have been awful no matter what . 
  some people would have died hours before others and the remaining survivors ( many young children among them ) must have been terrified . 
  what proportion of them were families as opposed to single young men ? 
  on the boats from libya to italy they almost all seem to be young men , but is it different in eastern europe since so many are fleeing war as opposed to looking for work ? 
  does your free television show sexual programmes ? 
  because in the uk that definitely does n't happen either . 
  the puritans did n't really want to impose it on others . 
  they just wanted it for themselves and the british government would n't allow them to . 
  the rest of the american colonists thought the puritans were weird but did n't really bother them . 
  it 's not , at least not based on what i 've seen . 
  more riots in germany , france , sweden , italy , etc than in the usa , despite the size difference . 
  including stalin ... 
  what ? 
  this is just part of the nuclear deal . 
  iran could have bought it from the usa , france , japan , china , etc instead but russia is the closest and probably offered the best price . 
  the people the article is talking about legally migrated , do n't use public benefits , and pay taxes . 
  they are n't exploiting the system . 
  most of them are probably highly-educated and steadily employed . 
  most of the refugees are fleeing assad ( way higher body count than isis ) but yeah , they 're not going to go to a place like ksa . 
  yeah it 's definitely shitty planning , but it 's also a really odd situation . 
  gitmo is widely seen as a horrible place yet for almost all the people there it 's preferable to home . 
  how many of them were actually planning on staying for more than a couple of days though ? 
  what are soldiers even supposed to do ? 
  they ca n't just shoot at random civilian migrants and if they were ordered to they would just refuse because that 's idiotic . 
  they would literally just have to stand there and maybe try to physically block migrants . 
  we could always invade and pretty much end the major fighting , but the problem is we 'd have to stay there indefinitely or as soon as we leave it would all begin again . 
  and of course , it would cost us 1-3k of our soldiers ' lives . 
  but it * is * possible as it 's been done before not even a decade ago . 
  there was still violence , but it was tiny compared to today . 
  yeah no idea why he 's still there unless there 's actually some evidence of him being a terrorist or the uk government has quietly told them not to return him . 
  it 's extra weird because they 've released dozens of other people already , several of whom ended up rejoining terrorist groups since . 
  afaik almost everyone in gitmo was supposed to be released already but they ca n't because they can only be sent to two places : the country they are citizens of , or the country they were detained in . 
  the third option , releasing them in the usa , is politically impossible and will never happen . 
  and because almost everyone in gitmo is either a citizen of an arab monarchy/dictatorship , china , russia , etc , they are dead men if they ever go home ( several of them have even been convicted already ) . 
  that leaves the alternative -- send them back to the place they were captured , which would be either afghanistan , iraq , or pakistan . 
  of course , that also means they 'd be killed ( or if they 're lucky , end up in worse conditions than gitmo but still be alive ) . 
  that 's why the us has been bribing small pacific islands to take gitmo inmates for example , or why they 've shipped some off to places like uruguay . 
  they have n't actually added any more people to the prison for years though . 
  poland has way more money than israel and gets far more annually via eu funding as well ... my point is simply that it 's absurd for someone from poland to pretend they are treating russia as a serious enough threat that they can try to guilt other countries into assisting their defence even more because the objective truth is that they are n't . 
  south korea and israel on the other hand are , and their relative defence spending shows the difference . 
  chinese energy costs are basically the same as the us though , except the us has a much larger pool of skilled workers ( which are vital in industries with high degrees of automation ) , much more business security ( the government can not nationalise industries or directly fund state-run competitors ) , considerably better infrastructure , more readily available capital , land rights , and it 's the biggest single consumer market in the world by far so transportation costs/time are also cut down . 
  regardless , europe is going to lose out to both the usa and china since our energy costs will always be greater than theirs , even if the whole world was to start using alternative energy ( both have more sunlight and more wind potential ) . 
  we 're in for a rough ride . 
  no , low labour costs combined with good infrastructure and high reliability is the main reason . 
  if industry is limited by energy costs instead , it will all go to the usa , which has the best business environment , infrastructure , and low energy cost combination . 
  this is already happening with a huge number of factories in highly energy-intensive industries ( like chemicals ) . 
  europe and asia ca n't compete in terms of energy costs and the other major oil/gas producers lack competent governance , infrastructure , skilled workforces , etc. 
  this sucks for europe though unless we begin emigrating again . 
  yea but there is no way the us is going to spend more money on polish bases when they 're already in the middle of massive ( 100 bn dollar ) defence cuts . 
  europe is not really their big priority anymore compared to asia . 
  maybe if you were going to pay for everything they 'd do it , but of course that wo n't happen . 
  compare that to south korea and israel and its nothing though . 
  and both are allies of the us who face threats far weaker than russia . 
  hell , in gitmo the inmates have access to lawyers and the red cross too ... 
  they have op-eds on their main news page all the time . 
  edit : they call it `` the reporters '' , but if you click one of those from the `` most read '' section there 's literally no indication it 's an op-ed so it 's actually pretty misleading . 
  even the daily mail and guardian clearly label their opinion pieces . 
  the bbc too . 
  but it would n't really matter since it would be political suicide regardless of the bbc and guardian 's support . 
  saying that we should limit immigration to subdue fascists is exactly bowing down to their terrorism . 
  it 's no different than saying we should n't show muhammad cartoons to end anti-free speech islamist violence . 
  maybe what you 're talking about is legit but stormfront * does * brigade reddit on a regular basis . 
  i 'm not sure if that includes / r/europe but based on the number of new accounts saying outright racist things ( and by that i do n't mean criticism of islam but rather statements of inferior ethnic groups ) i 'm inclined to believe they are here in force . 
  just look at the percentages of upvotes/downvotes on threads that are about refugees vs threads about fascist violence . 
  the conservative party in the uk is n't anti-immigration though . 
  they 're just afraid that ukip will steal their voters so they 're trying to portray themselves as `` tough '' on immigration ( without actually making substantive changes ) . 
  labour is doing pretty much the same thing . 
  it 's not cultural relativism though . 
  that 's a different ( albeit somewhat related ) subject . 
  99 % + of people who are labelled cultural marxists are n't cultural relativists at all . 
  ok so if that 's the case , then my original point that they are n't wealthy is still true . 
  the person i replied to was trying to suggest the refugees from syria are somehow rich people who are exploiting the system , which is absurd and stupid . 
  same way germans became nazis ... and the nazis made isis look like angels . 
  are people really playing deaf ? 
  even the daily mail had a front page article about how neo-nazis were attacking refugees in germany . 
  the problem is that / r/europe is being flooded by day-old accounts who espouse literal fascist and racist views . 
  they are n't representative of people in real life though , so the impression people here get of how europeans see the situation is horribly skewed and inaccurate .
