  politics in the rest of the country will play a role though , since the democrats would love another state made up of ethnic minorities who may support them but at the same time pr is fairly right-leaning right now , which seems to support the republicans instead . 
  regardless residents of those territories are all us citizens only without certain voting rights and certain tax obligations . 
  if they move to any us state though , they then can vote in anything they want and have to pay the same taxes as everyone else . 
  the uk is a different case though because the economic capital is in london . 
  it would be more like if london were seeking independence from the uk , in which case dividing the burden by population would devastate the rest of the country and cause a lot more poverty and suffering than dividing it by gdp . 
  if richer areas break away from poorer ones , they ca n't just saddle the debt on the poor and expect that to be acceptable to anyone . 
  exactly . 
  un forces restrict both sides in a conflict , which means the more powerful side is disproportionately affected . 
  ukraine will eventually defeat the insurgents so un intervention would only serve to really protect one side . 
  it 's similar to how the un sent forces into the golan heights with the backing of syria and other arab states since at the time israel was the dominant force and was pushing forward . 
  by bringing un troops in , it prevented golan ( and possibly more territory ) from becoming israeli . 
  in the same way , they would prevent parts of eastern ukraine from becoming ukrainian . 
  i think they banned mccain from going a few month ago or something as if that was actually supposed to be some sort of punishment . 
  this stuff is just symbolic since they ca n't actually so anything back ( when they put restrictions on us banks and credit cards their own banks freaked out so they had to backpedal ) . 
  who would ever want to visit russia anyway ? 
  there are a thousand more interesting tourist destinations and all of them have better climates . 
  well they started off in california ( which is huge ) and then did america and canada , so i doubt something like estonia ( or even france really ) seemed challenging to them . 
  yeah a lot of these global comparison indices make no sense in how they 're measured . 
  in the corruption perception index , a huge part of the results is based on how corrupt people think their government is ( but not on actually witnessing corruption firsthand ) . 
  so of course , countries with more anti-government political cultures end up looking more corrupt than some obviously far more corrupt but authoritarian ones , at least on that metric . 
  but i doubt google wants to have random americans driving around in obviously american-owned vehicles in places like amman or riyadh . 
  they may be us-allies , but the us is n't really popular beyond government circles . 
  a lot of their employees are from abroad or other parts of the country and move to work ( the pay is very good ) . 
  fun-fact : the main reason for this is because it is very cold for extended periods of time , and cooling is by far the largest cost and risk associated with running server farms and disk clusters . 
  the amount of heat those places generate is insane . 
  it would into be all too different from a stall , so yes , the plane would essentially stop moving forward and rapidly descend in a steel angle . 
  obviously it would n't completely stop though , but odds are the plane began to function as a dead weight in the air . 
  this is why the wings are separated from the body in the wreckage btw . 
  they ripped off as the plane began its near-freefall . 
  maybe , but the problem for europe is that germany is the most dominant country and is a manufacturing economy , which means they have a much greater vested interest in keeping energy prices low at all costs and will never let any serious sanctions come into effect . 
  for all their integrationist statements they are still greedy and care about their own financial well-being rather than some dutch or ukrainian citizens . 
  the poorly-planned push to greener energy and the cancellation of nuclear power did n't help either since they 're now more dependent on fossil fuels than before . 
  so the us and russia are big space partners while the eu and china may become partners too ? 
  this is the weirdest arrangement i 've ever heard of ... 
  last i checked nobody died there . 
  and given that germany has it 's own spy program it 's harder to actually give the americans an ultimatum . 
  in this case it 's pretty one-sided . 
  germany has n't given a single weapon to ukrainians nor are german troops operating on the ground there . 
  and during the 2000s , russia was more dangerous for russian soldiers than afghanistan was for american ones . 
  that fact blew my mind . 
  we never heard of parts of russia being war zones and though the middle east was a mess , but it turns out that russia was engaged in some nasty conflict too . 
  there just was n't any free press to talk about it . 
  yeah , so deliberately avoiding communism and trying to distance the state from that ideology is a good example of doing precisely what you 're talking about . 
  do n't fall into the trap of false neutrality by giving both sides equal credence . 
  it 's like how people say they 're undecided about creationism because one side disagrees with the scientific consensus , despite having absolutely nothing to back up their creationist claims . 
  ditto for climate change and a lot more nonsense . 
  rt is n't a news organization . 
  their job is explicitly not to inform but rather to misinform . 
  to use their statements as a source of doubt is foolish at best . 
  they just shot down a fucking 777 ... 
  which cia personnel ? 
  are you talking about some covert cia operation ? 
  because if so , please show some proof . 
  yes obviously eu and us officials supported the protests . 
  why should they not ? 
  the president of ukraine broke off a longstanding agreement with the eu because the russians bribed and threatened him and it is completely reasonable for the other side to be upset . 
  but the western powers did not send soldiers and weapons to ukraine . 
  and if you 're going to claim otherwise , you better have some proof . 
  extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence . 
  you have none . 
  i 've seen black people in both before , but i think it 's just rare because black people do n't really ride harleys or participate in that sort of thing generally . 
  a biker gang called klan ... 
  i suspect that would n't really go down well in the us . 
  are you drunk or something ? 
  what does his nationality have to do with anything ? 
  plus the us strategic reserve now has like 700m + barrels of oil , which means it can basically dictate oil prices by putting some on the market . 
  and north america as a whole has considerably more oil/gas than russia + the middle east combined , with a geopolitical interest in making sure europe stays supplied in the case of a russian cutoff . 
  of course it would cost maybe 25 % more though ... 
  for one , libya clearly matters more to the us than ukraine ; how anyone could dispute this is beyond me . 
  mali and syria are both massive disasters with no history of civil society , impoverished and horribly educated populations , and virtually no economic activity to speak of . 
  in other words , there is no money involved and the challenge is much greater -- so of course the us does n't actually want to put forth a serious effort . 
  the us is greedy and wants countries under its influence . 
  i do n't dispute this all . 
  but has it ever occurred to you that the most effective way for the us to influence others is for them to democratise and liberalise said countries ? 
  look at their closest allies : the overwhelming majority are liberal democracies , more often than not with heavily american political involvement historically . 
  and for what it 's worth , ukraine borders multiple us treaty allies and the leaders of those countries have all publicly called for american involvement . 
  i 'm not sure people in the west realise just how pro-american most of the former soviet states in eastern europe are . 
   can charity money be investigated and who can do it in an unbiased way ? 
  no because at a certain point it costs more to investigate where the money is spent than the missing money itself is worth . 
  charities do n't want to spend tens of millions of dollars to find out what happened to five million dollars . 
  acceptable losses and all that ... 
  this depends on a few things though , not least labour getting its act together . 
  as it stands , even a eurosceptic rebellion would n't be enough to kill the government . 
  it 's also worth noting that the eurosceptics in the conservative party have a lot of reasons * not * to try to cause the collapse of the government . 
  even if they oppose the eu , they do n't oppose it even close to enough that they 're going to accept a left-wing government in britain . 
  cameron is n't afraid of them ; he 's afraid of more of his voters defecting to ukip . 
  that 's why he talks and talks about how bad the eu is but he does n't really do much about it because he does n't [ generally ] believe what he 's saying . 
  every decent hotel in jordan sells alcohol and a lot of restaurants in the more upscale parts of amman do as well . 
  jordan is weird in that the people are very conservative but they 're relatively tolerant despite that , at least with some things . 
  that was n't even really my question . 
  i was asking what the death rate for them is to compare it to the general population , let alone to disabled people who can work ( which would also be interesting ) . 
  for all we know , those people are dying at the same rate as everybody else and this is a complete non-issue ... after all , in a country our size , tens of thousands of people die every six weeks and it 's not really noteworthy . 
  if i were to make a claim that 2000 people died in the last six weeks after breathing in the air in the london area , most people would rightly point out that i 'm not actually making a meaningful claim without showing that those deaths were out of the ordinary . 
  this is pretty basic and confounding variables are literally one of the first things you learn about when you take an introductory statistics course , but of course people here would rather just talk without understanding what they 're talking about . 
  no but you just said the bombing caused the civil war which is complete nonsense . 
  yeah cairo is a bad example . 
  beirut and damascus are much better ones where large portions of the population are very secular . 
  or terrorism supporters . 
  we have plenty of them in the uk and we ca n't do anything about it . 
  we had to spend years in legal battles before we could send a convicted terrorist to the us to say nothing of the middle east .
