  france is going to act upset about this but there 's a zero percent chance they actually curtail their own intelligence operations in response because they do n't actually oppose the idea of spying on other powers . 
  the same thing applies to everyone . 
  they do n't even do that about russia or china ; why would they do it about france ? 
  yes if france is caught spying on obama they will tighten the security and make public statements about how france should n't have done that , but they are n't going to seriously act outraged and respond with extreme rhetoric . 
  even when the chinese get caught spying on the us military they do n't do that , and china is not even an ally like france . 
  wait what ? 
  locke was n't against the idea of protecting ones property by taking away a thief 's life or liberty . 
  i get what you 're trying to say but referencing locke reinforces the other guy 's point . 
  the imf is doing what most european governments want them to do . 
  the overwhelming majority of europe is not on greece 's side . 
  russia has no meaningful influence in the imf . 
  the usa is the most pro-eu entity out there other than a few eu members , and they 're certainly more pro-eu than places like the uk . 
  even without the imf , greece and its other creditors would be in the exact same situation . 
  there just would n't be an easy boogeyman to blame . 
  does n't france try to do the same back ? 
  seems stupid of them not to ... 
  no he was real and got in trouble with the fbi for some islamist stuff from what i remember . 
  the pic is from nyc . 
  edit : [ he went to prison ] ( http://mobile.nytimes.com/2010/06/12/nyregion/12suspects.html ) after he tried to go to egypt to join a terrorist group . 
  [ nope . 
  ] ( http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/0598fafe-e72f-11e1-af33-00144feab49a.img ), 
  part of me is relieved he does n't actually believe the bullshit he 's spewing ( unlike a lot of other dictators past and present ) but at the same time the fact that he 's saying those sorts of things is still terrifying . 
  what happens when he retires or dies and the next guy genuinely holds those views ? 
  oh , my mistake . 
  born too late to explore the earth . 
  born too soon to explore the galaxy . 
  born just in time to post dank memes . 
  [ it gets more from the spanish state than it sends them at least ... ] ( http://im.ft-static.com/content/images/0598fafe-e72f-11e1-af33-00144feab49a.img ) edit : included ft graphic . 
  lol what ? 
  how can a turkish person call someone else colonialist with a straight face ? 
  that 's as bad as myself or someone from france doing the same . 
  nobody still speaks greek in any of those places though , other than greek immigrants and academics . 
  now english speakers on the other hand ... , 
  hey , it 's a good movie . 
  and gosling is soooo hot . 
  yeah after 2001 afghanistan has experienced the most peaceful time in its modern history . 
  it just does n't seem that way because it 's still technically in a state of war , even if only a fraction of the people die today . 
  when people talk about jews being attacked these days they are n't talking about europeans as the attackers ... 
  yes it is . 
  japan , china , korea are just as big as europe . 
  add in other asian countries along with australia and arguably the usa and the pacific region is by far the wealthiest part of the world . 
  it 's just poorer in per capita terms . 
  as easy as it would be for anyone . 
  the procedures are different by country but there 's no reason you would n't be allowed in if you applied unless you have a sketchy background ( criminal record or something like that ) . 
  if you 're from a high-risk country like pakistan then it might be harder . 
  sa is extremely racist and violent toward african immigrants though , much more so than anywhere in europe . 
  look at how they treat nigerians . 
  this actually was a serious concern until the green revolution in the 70s . 
  food production was already at its peak in the 60s and there were regular food shortages in the developing world until high-yield agriculture ( including gmos ) was introduced around the world . 
  [ the guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norman_borlaug ) who led the charge won a nobel prize . 
  hopefully we see another major revolution in how the world provides for itself , because resources are going to start running out . 
  the middle east ( jordan , egypt ) already has huge problems with water supplies and booming populations are only going to make things worse . 
  thankfully food is sorted out . 
  how was it not what they expected ? 
  did they not watch any of the hundreds of videos isis puts out about what they 're doing in syria ? 
  they went there knowing exactly what sorts of horrible things they were going to participate in and the reason they came back was almost certainly not because they objected to the violence ( because if they did , they would have never gone ) but because they were unable to actually participate in it and were put on toilet duty or stationed in towns away from the frontlines like the other european volunteers . 
  european isis members are useless at fighting and are either used for non-combat roles or as suicide bombers while the chechens , syrians , iraqis , mujaheddin veterans , etc are the ones who do the actual combat . 
  i do n't feel comfortable with the idea that people who watched isis videos and decided they wanted to join them are now being allowed back into europe . 
  these are people who made the conscious decision to at least attempt to take part in genocide and mass murder in the name of their faith and they have no place in modern europe except behind bars . 
  that was n't a funeral though , it was a memorial party thing . 
  everyone was singing and dancing and celebrating mandela 's life , not crying and mourning like they would at a funeral . 
  i mean , just look at how the crowd is dressed ... 
  maybe in some cases , and arguably in the current greek situation this could be true , but greece ten years ago could have used some austerity . 
  had they made spending cuts slowly and responsibly , they could 've avoided all of this . 
  instead successive governments kept increasing promises to voters and made things so bad that when an economic crisis hit , greece was unable to find any lenders other than the ecb and imf , both of whom imposed harsh conditions to their loans . 
  my only point was that the concept of austerity is not somehow a bad thing and it is necessary in many cases . 
  imposing too much austerity or doing so at a bad time can be foolish things to do , but the idea that overspending governments should not make serious spending cuts is absurd . 
  i do n't understand why so many people seem to oppose that idea . 
  why are they suggesting governments keep spending more and more money nonstop without ever attempting to match revenues with expenses ? 
  maybe , but even if they cut their military expenses it would n't come close to pension cuts . 
  greek pensions are a disproportionately high percentage of their gdp . 
  i agree . 
  austerity as an ideology is stupid sure , but the concept of austerity is not really controversial nor should it be . 
  if you do n't have enough money to pay for the things you want and nobody is willing to give you any money , you need to spend less . 
  it 's really not that complicated . 
  greece has far greater spending obligations than it can meet by itself , and this has been the case for years and years . 
  until now they 've been able to borrow , but when the crisis hit greece international credit markets dried up since and greece had to turn to lenders of last resort to continue to function . 
  what is the alternative in a situation like that ? 
  should the other eurozone members and the imf continually provide greece with free capital to sustain its excessive spending forever ? 
  because let 's not forget , even if greece recovered to pre-recession levels their public finances would still be unsustainable . 
  not unless you think the `` obesity '' i was referring to was the overall economy and not a bloated public sector . 
  and why would anyone think that ? 
  how is too big of an economy a bad thing ? 
   so am i to understand that `` laden with debt '' = rich , but `` debt free and bankrupt '' = poor ? 
  for countries , yes . 
  look up a chart of countried with high debt -- they 're almost all highly developed . 
  on the other hand , the countries with little or no debt are impoverished . 
  why ? 
  because rich countries are able to acquire debt and continually pay it off while poor countries are not , and as a result creditors are willing to loan rich countries money that they would never give to a poor one . 
  everyone wants to buy us treasury bonds but nobody would even consider buying venezuelan bonds . 
  there really is n't much else greece could cut at this point that would be possible to do and still make enough of a difference . 
  pensions are a massive chunk of their spending . 
  i guess they could disband their military or something , but even that would n't be as big of a cut . 
  and that 's not happening anyway because of turkey . 
  no , it 's like treating obesity by eating less . 
  there is nothing inherently bad about austerity and in many cases it 's necessary . 
  if greece had implemented responsible austerity over the years , they would have never found themselves in the situation they 're in today . 
  then why are those people satisfied with their contracts ? 
  in policy terms , what 's the difference between chavez and maduro ? 
  they 're identical , only maduro is in a position where he has to deal with the failure of the economic system chavez put in place because the price of oil plummeted .
