  even if it somehow did n't suffer uncontrolled inflation ( basically impossible ) , the greek treasury would still be printing new banknotes as needed which would devalue the currency regardless . 
  imo the smartest thing for the average greek would have been to withdraw their savings in euros and put them in a safe deposit box . 
  that 's not the point though . 
  if greece leaves the ez , money in bank accounts will be converted to drachma at an official exchange rate that will almost certainly experience extremely large inflation . 
  savings will lose a huge portion of their value and anyone with money in the bank will become much poorer . 
  this is exactly what happened to savers in argentina who had n't withdrawn their money and converted it to usd . 
  yes it stresses the banking system but at a certain point you and your family 's livelihood and future matters more than the marginal boost to financial stability that keeping your money in the banks would provide . 
  still lower than a lot of northern countries including germany though . 
  i do n't think he 's lazy at all . 
  art history is presumably a complex field and i have no doubt art historians are incredibly hard-working people . 
  that said , they are also economically unproductive and nobody should be surprised when the wages reflect that . 
  he 's not wrong though . 
  art history is a horrible field from an economic perspective even in wealthy countries like germany and the uk . 
  in a place like greece it is extremely risky and/or irresponsible . 
  of course if it 's what you love , by all means do it . 
  money does n't equal happiness and finding something you enjoy is far more important than earning a lot , but at the same time nobody should be surprised that making ends meet will be difficult in certain careers . 
  go in with your eyes open and know what to expect . 
  there are many poorer countries than greece , even within the eu . 
  it 's not even close to a human rights issue unless you have a really warped view of the world . 
  if we 're going to give money based on `` human rights '' considerations , we should n't be giving any to greece . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  state bankruptcy almost never means a restart of the economy . 
  he thinks dictatorships are less corrupt than democracies for some reason , contrary to all the evidence ever ... 
  it 's a copypasta . 
  greek budget deficits were no secret and much of europe had been critical of greece for decades . 
  why would n't the average greek citizen know what their government was doing if it was n't a secret ? 
  if the electorate are not going to pay attention to their government or hold them accountable , that 's a pretty serious problem . 
  in the uk people fret over deficits all the time and our governments are pressured to maintain a reasonable amount of spending ( although they admittedly fail at this all the time ) . 
  they get cut from financial markets , assets are frozen around the world , large-scale international legal action including warrants for greek leaders , borders are closed , etc. 
  not to mention , nobody would be willing to trade with greece for a long time , which would be horrible given that greece imports its food and its energy . 
  it would be a disaster to even try . 
  they would get what ? 
  a few million euros at most ? 
  the costs would be a thousand times that . 
  this is a pointless question though ... you might as well ask why greece would n't invade its neighbours to loot their treasuries . 
  they could technically do that too , but they would n't because the costs would be much bigger than the benefits . 
  because they stand to lose . 
  russia/china do n't have anything at stake so they do n't stand to lose anything by letting greece fall , which means the only incentive they have to provide funds to the greek government are future profits . 
  the ez is intertwined with greece and stands to lose billions of euros if greece defaults and leaves . 
  of course , by now , many prominent voices within the eu are arguing that they should cut their losses and let greece default , but merkel still seems to think they should push for a solution so the rest of europe is staying in line . 
  ehh , technically they did n't . 
  syriza only came to power after decades of mismanagement , and when syriza came in the budget was actually balanced for the first time thanks to the troika . 
  they have a bigger stake than most ez members including france too , so it 's a pretty big deal for them . 
  i do n't care about that experiment or about some random specific example though . 
  you said :  we have a pretty good it infrastructure . 
  for example , it is way better than the scandinavian one . 
  that is incredibly difficult for me to believe and if you 're going to make a claim like that surely you need to have some evidence ? 
  does greece have a better-educated it workforce or better tech universities ? 
  does it have more it workers per capita ? 
  does it have faster or more dense communications networks ? 
  does it have a stronger and more profitable it sector ? 
  does it have greater connectivity ? 
  i doubt the answer to any of those questions is yes but if that 's not the case please show me . 
  according to the following indices , greece is not even close to scandinavian countries : * [ un 's ict development index ] ( http://www.itu.int/en/itu-d/statistics/documents/publications/mis2014/mis2014_without_annex_4.pdf ) * [ economist intelligence unit 's government broadband index ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/government_broadband_index ) * [ global innovation index ] ( https://www.globalinnovationindex.org/content.aspx?page=gii-full-report-2014 ), 
  why would china or russia or anyone else throw money at greece though ? 
  that 's completely absurd ... it 's not like either of those governments are actively seeking out new ways to lose money for no benefit . 
  people invest where they see potential reward . 
  nobody sees potential reward in greece and at this point the ez and imf are the only people still willing to give them any funding at all , and even that no longer looks like it will last . 
   if there is 2 potatoes and 2 guys and each guy has 1 potato , the only way to get `` richer '' is to take the potato from the other guy . 
  ... or grow more potatoes . 
  really mate ? 
  again , this is literally how the global economy functions and has functioned ever since capitalism and industrialisation emerged . 
  look at the rise of the usa or the rise of china for example : neither of them resulted in other countries getting poorer . 
  hell , the emergence of both actually made the rest of the world a lot wealthier . 
  even better , let 's use your food example : over the last century , food production has skyrocketed as new technology improved efficiency and productivity . 
  in the past , food scarcity was commonplace literally everywhere on earth , whereas today it 's solely caused by poor government policy and is extremely rare . 
  [ look at this . 
  ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.pcap.cd ) now please , using your moronic board game analogy , explain to me how it is possible that every country on that list has a higher per capita gdp today than 20 years ago . 
  it 's almost like productivity increased and everyone gained from it . 
  shocking , i know . 
   we were really close to resetting the whole world back to zero , not just the monetary system . 
  what the fuck does this even mean ? 
  so no source for your claim ? 
  it 's costing germany more than they 're making so no , it 's is n't good for germany . 
  the bulk of greek debt is held by german banks and when greece defaults german taxpayers will lose billions of euros . 
  it 's not a crime to increase the budget deficit ; the recourse a society has to politicians who do that is not to arrest them but rather to vote them out of office . 
  greeks did n't do that though . 
  even if you care about your country why would you keep your money in greek banks ? 
  that 's just stupid regardless of how patriotic and/or benevolent you are . 
  not really ... obama ran as a centrist democrat and governed that way . 
  yes , republicans exaggerated how left he was to try and get their voters to the polls but even they did n't seriously fear some far-left ( by us standards ) agenda . 
  honestly bush is pretty reasonable and would probably be an acceptably competent president . 
  his name will be his undoing . 
  there 's a lot of overlap though since paul was a libertarian . 
  it 's just that the stuff that does n't overlap is more nuanced economic policy that 20 year olds on reddit do n't care about as much as things like marijuana legalisation . 
   if you had any idea how capitalism works you wold understand that in order for one to get rich the other one must get poor . 
  lol . 
  this is the exact opposite of how the world works . 
   theres a game called monopoly that you should try out , someone always looses and in the end all the money and pieces go back into the box . 
  lol . 
  are you serious or are you being sarcastic ? 
  why would you believe these things ? 
  do you really not understand that everything is n't a zero-sum game ? 
  explain how productivity is able to increase without boosting overall wealth ... oh wait , you ca n't because that 's mathematically impossible . 
  in the last 300 years the world industrialised and literally * everybody * became richer . 
  nobody is poorer today than their ancestors were a few centuries ago , not even people in the shittiest parts of the third world . 
  turns out monopoly is n't real . 
  stick to zombie games mate . 
   both nationwide polls were conducted from june 24-26 . 
  it 's their biggest industry though .
