  what does this have to do with anything ... ? 
  the whole point terminating start has no benefit whatsoever for either party involved so russia using that as some sort of retaliation would be idiotic . 
  it would be like me burning my wallet to punish someone else . 
  are you really so stupid you do n't understand why what you originally said makes no sense ? 
  why would they ? 
  start is good for everyone involved including russia -- it means they no longer have to worry about or maintain as many nuclear weapons and in no way does it actually jeopardise their deterrent . 
  it 's a way for both sides to save a lot of money while giving them domestic political cover . 
  putin could n't possibly dismantle 1000 warheads unless the us did the same or people in moscow would throw a fit , even though dismantling them has no disadvantage and every advantage . 
  this is also why putin probably would n't sue any of those british tabloids who were directly blaming him for the missile . 
  if he did , he 'd have a strong case , but he 'd have to testify ... 
  yeah it is , but not from a moral perspective . 
  by taking a stance against low-paid labour , you 're basically taking a stance against those people having jobs in the first place . 
  they are not going to be anything but low-paid labourers in a best-case scenario ; the alternative is even worse for them . 
  every developed country got where it is on the backs of low-skilled , low-wage ( or slave ) labour and to hold developing countries today to western standards of human rights is incredibly unfair . 
  if someone did the same to us centuries ago we would have never become anything . 
  industrialisation is impossible without doing what you oppose and the biggest success story in recent years , china , proves just that . 
  but yeah , his idea of building factory towns or whatever is just stupid . 
  a migrant worker program or investment in their home countries ' industries is far more reasonable . 
  if a european company needs cheap labour , they should build a factory in a stable african country and help them build up actual business industries and a tax base . 
  constantly importing the world 's poor to work those jobs here does n't benefit their home countries at all nor does it do anything toward addressing huge global inequalities . 
  the pa would have to agree to that and it 's a non-starter . 
  their demand is a full israeli withdrawal , although they 've floated the idea of allowing an american security force to act as a neutral third party . 
  problem with that is , america is not going to want to send soldiers to the middle east to stand in between two clashing sides . 
  a better question is `` why do n't they leave ? '', 
  but of course when many try to leave it 's to join jihadist groups , so they get stopped and arrested . 
  this whole thing is a huge mess . 
  worth pointing out that in the us and canada at least , non-eea immigrants are actually oftentimes quite beneficial as it 's a completely different situation from europe . 
  africans and middle easterners fleeing violence , poverty , and corruption come to europe and usually impose a burden on society because they are low-skilled . 
  in the us ( which barely has a welfare state to begin with ) immigrants * have * to work . 
  so the poor south americans fleeing violence and poverty do n't actually use benefits despite contributing to the economy ( albeit in a minor way ) , and the bulk of their legal immigrants are actually skilled workers from asia now . 
  so rather than taking in people who put pressure on their finances , they instead get indian and chinese scientists and engineers who pay several hundred thousand dollars more * into * the system and actually subsidise the native population . 
  europe is in a geographically much worse location and we can not discriminate in our immigrants the same way , so we do n't get the massive benefits of brain drain they do . 
  in an ideal world sure , but ngos and the un lose their minds when politicians even suggest things like this and a large enough segment of the public would oppose any move labeled `` inhumane '' to ensure it would never happen . 
  look at italy and greece -- there literally nothing they can do but shelter them and let them go to other eu countries . 
  france barely even tries to address the huge squatter camps in calais full of people trying to sneak into the uk . 
  yay , economic success ? 
  your objections do n't make any sense ... 
  what industries are you talking about ? 
  in 25 years the only industry that will need lots of cheap labour will be agriculture , and you ca n't just do that wherever you want . 
  everything else is being automated slowly but surely and energy , not labour , is quickly becoming the primary factor in manufacturing costs . 
  it 's possible china will be the last big country to rise out of poverty by providing cheap labour to develop its economy . 
  only in some countries though . 
  places like botswana are doing fine . 
  although in fairness some big vehicle on the back of a truck was being driven into russia from ukraine , which is pretty questionable on its own . 
  if russia was n't behind the insurgency why would they be accepting that sort of thing across its borders ? 
  what if he found it on his property ? 
  it 's not like he can call emergency services or anything in a war zone so his only option is to give it to the rebels who probably shot the plane down or find someone who can hand it over to an official for him . 
  remember the wreck was raining down all over the place . 
  i thought if there was some emergency and you needed help abroad you could already go to the us/any eu embassies as an eu citizen . 
  would they actually turn you down ? 
  when war first broke out in libya i remember westerners going to whichever embassy they could get to any everyone was fine with it . 
  honestly i disagree with that stuff and see no reason why sa is any less western than europe . 
  after all they 're just european descendants . 
  but from what i understand it 's about economics and in sa there 's a strong anti-capitalist , `` bolivarian '' strain that 's dominant in the political culture of most countries there ( some exceptions though , like chile and panama ) . 
  the idea is that the state should take care of people and be powerful , not that the state should be weak and people should rely on themselves . 
  obviously it 's a fuzzy line which is why i disagree , but whatever ... 
  i mean , communism and socialism are both western , post-enlightenment ideas along with capitalism and democracy , so why should they be excluded ? 
  i also think russia should be called western , even if their culture is different from ours . 
  oh yeah i guess their country was founded through rioting so you have a point . 
  america was founded by shooting stuff and they still love doing that nonsense too ... 
  yeah but those people who need translators are not considered `` american '' , which is basically what i meant . 
  it 's probably easier to integrate and be accepted in the us , but you still have to make an effort . 
  if you wear pakistani clothing , do n't speak english , and do n't make any attempt to integrate into the nation 's culture nobody is going to see you as anything but a foreigner regardless of your citizenship . 
  this is true everywhere . 
  a lot of people ( not the majority , but still plenty ) do that in london and it 's really frustrating . 
  people that like congolese girl and chinese man would be accepted as british if they tried though , same for france and several other places . 
  no idea but probably . 
  maybe one of scandinavian countries though ? 
  it 's generally not that bad here and overwhelmingly everyone gets along fine . 
  there are just some trouble spots . 
  in other countries though it can get a lot worse . 
  i always though most of them came from french speaking former colonies ? 
  so would n't it be common for them to speak fluent french ? 
  in britain it 's a mixed bag . 
  people from nigeria and the caribbean ( and most indians ) speak excellent english ( although i guess foreigners everywhere have a bigger incentive and easier time learning english anyway ) , but many pakistanis and people from the middle east do n't really speak english well if at all and it 's hard to communicate . 
  their children all speak english well though , but it 's ironic because those non english-speaking immigrants are usually the ones who are more secular and try to blend in while their children end up being more radical and causing problems . 
  all the british jihadis i 've heard of were born here and many of them were turned in by their own immigrant parents . 
  kind of ... 
  in gaza there are n't any christian palestinians nor have there been any for some time now . 
  the current government tried to kill or expel them all back before it took over . 
  so i doubt many christian palestinians are out protesting right now as hamas and israel fight . 
  a caveat though : if that chinese man could n't speak english and dressed oddly , nobody would consider him american . 
  in parts of london people barely speak english and behave and dress like they 're not in britain . 
  i 'm not exaggerating -- there are places where you have to pinch yourself because you forget where you are . 
  this is actually a problem , although it 's rare in america so it does n't apply as much . 
  but yes , there is a difference in nationality and racial identity between the two . 
  i 'm just not sure it 's entirely based on how the local people think since i 'd bet the behaviour of a lot of immigrant communities ( a minority of them , but still a significant one ) plays a role in shaping these perceptions . 
  so they feel the same way about arab christians ? 
  what about hindu indians ? 
  and are central/east asian , caucasian , balkan , african , etc. 
  muslims exempt from their critique in your mind ? 
  because what he said applies equally to them despite the fact that they 're not of the same race at all . 
  islam does not have a race and to say it does is * actually * and unfair characterisation of a lot of people . 
  there are plenty of non-muslims of arab origin ( especially in europe since most had to flee their homes ) and most non-arab muslims are small minorities in their ethnicities . 
  a billion hindus for example would disagree with your assertion that those comments were racist . 
  not disagreeing with your main point but that thing you said about `` history '' is completely untrue and i 'm not really sure how you could have possibly come to that conclusion . 
  for most of human history , the government was the primary player in the economy and did n't just regulate it , but actually * controlled * it . 
  and the average person suffered greatly . 
  every example of historical exploitation you can think of has a government 's hand in it , and almost nothing in the world 's economic history indicates that allowing governments to intrude in markets is a good thing . 
  it was only * after * reducing the government 's role that common people began to see their lives improve in huge ways .
