  what minerals it does have are difficult to extract because of the afghan terrain and are not exactly in high demand or rare around the world -- there are many safer , cheaper and easier sources to get anything afghanistan has . 
  when gdp calculations are modified they also change the previous quarter 's statistics too , so growth rates are unaffected . 
  moving money around does n't change the figures at all . 
  yeah that 's actually the main reason my mother 's family moved to the uk from india . 
  they actually did punish success unless you were willing to engage in corruption to keep your money . 
  they are n't laissez-faire capitalists ; they are just general free-market capitalists who support government intervention but only of a limited sort . 
  it 's pretty much as centrist as you can get in any western society . 
  they are only right-wing in comparison to socialists and communists . 
  i guess you * could * argue they are center-right though , but at the same time they support plenty of center-left politicians and policies . 
  the guardian on the other hand is absolutely left-wing ; its moderates tend to be center-left , while it 's more opinionated ideologues are committed socialists and communists . 
  it has never pretended to be a centrist paper nor does it pay any heed to center-right or centrist views . 
  portugal did n't implement socialistic policies the same way though -- your government never seized foreign-owned property or attacked capitalistic bodies . 
  india was full-on socialist ( basically communist but democratic ) for decades . 
  what 's with everyone on this subreddit always going on about farage ? 
  i have n't even seen hm on tv for weeks now ... 
  so it 's like aviano is italy the , which is an `` italian '' air force base with 95 % american aircraft . 
  the italians pay the power bill or something though . 
  drastically different voter intensity though . 
  the pro-eus are n't very motivated to go out and vote because their views are n't really a serious issue to them . 
  the anti-eu are incredibly motivated and will show up in much larger numbers because they blame the eu for everything they dislike . 
  yes , or what else could have happened ? 
  remember , poland is n't exactly bordering the western allies and for stalin to give it up would have involved giving up his hold on east germany as well , which was not going to happen . 
  and do n't forget that the whole reason the war began was because germany and russia decided to split poland up . 
  stalin was not an allied power until germany betrayed him , and after winning at huge expense do you really think he would have given up * the very country he started the war to conquer in the first place ? 
  ok so 3 % ? 
  still hardly `` losing '' . 
  in a liberal democracy the average person is a much greater concern than in other forms of government , even if there 's still a lot to be desired . 
  after all , they are the demos ... 
  yes , all four of those incidents ... 
  but honestly , even those are n't comparable . 
  killing a single abortion doctor who you believe is a mass murderer with a bomb is ** far ** from killing hundreds of men , women , and children with a knife after raping them . 
  there is an entirely different psychological mindset that sort of thing requires and i 'd bet the average abortion doctor killer would not be able to do it at all . 
  the anti-abortion violent people ( who again are incredibly rare ) target people they believe are committing mass murder of babies . 
  is fighters target people they believe do n't accept the right god or accept him the right way . 
  maybe , but not entirely . 
  the `` west '' by that point was the us , since france no longer had a military except a us-supplied , us-equipped , small army attached to the us third army . 
  britain was in no position to move forward at all either . 
  what people in europe forget however is that although our war ended , the americans ' war was still not close to being over . 
  remember , they did n't enter wwii because they hated the nazis or sought specifically to help the uk ; they entered because the japanese empire attacked them . 
  now given that they were currently still in the middle of a massively more destructive war on the other side of the world , the idea that they would have continued pushing forward against the ussr to liberate eastern europe is absurd . 
  when germany surrendered , the first thing the us did was start withdrawing troops from the european theatre to be deployed in the pacific . 
  the us would never do this for the simple reason that many of its allies are oil-based economies . 
  you could easily do this if you wanted but all the gulf monarchies you built up to act as proxies/clients would collapse the second their economies tanked . 
  this is what happens when you 're powerful and important . 
  look at the anti-americanism that runs rampant all over the world ( and in germany more than any other western european nation ) -- it exists for the same reason . 
  it 's easy and convenient to blame the most important players because they always shoulder some of the burden no matter what . 
  only problem is that stalin is the reason russia almost lost in the first place and had he never started the officer purges before the war the germans would never have been able to achieve such success early on . 
  if i shoot someone and then save their life that does n't make me a hero ... 
  canadian accents remind me of sarah palin , so every canadian seems dim-witted at first until i get to know them . 
  it 's a similar situation to texan accents . 
  yeah , but even if you immediately removed all russian trade from western europe and we had to buy american gas at 7 % higher prices , we 'd still be very high income and the damage would be pretty minimal for the average person . 
  it would cost us what , 1000 pounds each ? 
  you 're right that we ca n't handle adversity the same way as russians , but our `` suffering '' would n't even be close to the average russian 's and would probably be horribly disproportionate . 
  another thing to remember is that russian exports are an essential ( actually the primary ) part of the annual budget , so losing that risks governmental collapse . 
  for us it means at best some companies will post losses for a year or two . 
  nobody is talking about how useful it is to the average person though . 
  especially when talking about russia , the average person is n't even a concern of the government ... 
  why not ? 
  germany was a much bigger enemy to britain and france and it was allowed in . 
  so were several former parts of the ussr ... 
  again , the world does not exist for you . 
  reddit does not exist for you . 
  either make the minute 's effort or shut the fuck up . 
  sorry last i checked you have to be considerably more motivated to a cause to start genocidal beheading , but hey , i could be wrong . 
  not while they 're out in cinema still . 
  and btw nobody is going to watch 3d films at home unless they have a monitor/tv capable of it . 
  almost nonbdy has those and going to the cinema is much cheaper . 
  i do n't even know why you 're arguing with me . 
  box office figures prove i 'm right . 
  but who is concerned about russian force projection around the world ? 
  the fear is that they will project force through land against their neighbours , so carriers are not even relevant . 
  the us needs carriers for example because they are a geographically isolated nation whose force projection entirely depends on being able to move large amounts of troops and aircraft rapidly . 
  russia does n't have that same concern , which is why they have no allies around the world except nearby countries . 
  i just told you how to hide russia-related content . 
  anyone else who feels the same way as you can do the same . 
  it 's really not that hard and res is used by millions of reddit users . 
  but a counterpoint : even if they * had * known beforehand exactly what was going to happen , what would have changed ? 
  i can not think of any different course of action anyway , since the government could hardly impose sanctions without the public seeing the annexation take place through their own eyes first and there was never any chance of western military intervention . 
  this was last 10 years though . 
  i doubt it 's some concrete rule that they block people for travelling abroad . 
  it 's more likely a combination of factors that help them assess whether someone harbours sympathies for foreign governments . 
  for example an iranian exile 's american-born child whose own family can not return to iran freely , who opposes islamism ( and islam for that matter ) , would not really be a likely candidate to sympathise with the theocratic government he grew up hearing horrible stories about . 
  also his wife is a jew so that probably helped his case ... ? 
  if they implement solid rules like you said , they would n't be able to recruit anyone with the sort of language skills and cultural understanding they need . 
  there are plenty of people in countries like iran and russia who despise their governments and would jump at the chance to undermine it , the same way those people exist in the west . 
  you do n't do the same thing back though . 
  when hitler annexed parts of his neighbours , the appropriate response would have been to punish his economy and heavily militarise ( defensively ) his other neighbours . 
  the allies should have sent soldiers to poland for example rather than leave it to its fate . 
  but the appropriate response * was not * to go annex territory yourself to show you mean business . 
  that would be equally criminal . 
  watching blurry screeners at home is not really an enjoyable experience , especially with friends . 
  plus , 3d films are extremely popular in china ( it 's the main reason so many hollywood films are done in 3d now ; americans do n't really care ) and that requires paying to see it in the theatre . 
  i 've seen so many `` americans '' with names like dave smith on random sites commenting with horribly broken english about how great russia is . 
  i especially like how they never use articles like ` the ' and ` a ' . 
  italy wants the whole fucking continent . 
  here come the snow rednecks !, 
  you just sound bitter . 
  russia has done a lot of great things in the past and you ca n't just take those achievements away from them . 
  obviously they 're also done an incomparable amount of horrible things too though , but that does n't negate their successes . 
  hopefully one day they 'll be a positive force for the world again .
