  literally every time in history a situation like this arose the side without the muscle just got rolled over , whether in unfair negotiations and unbalanced treaties , or by literal invasion and annexation . 
  imagine an eu with no military might trying to tell egypt or libya or turkey or russia what to do . 
  they could at best send a strongly-worded letter . 
  you really think any foreign despots would do anything but laugh ? 
  ukraine had nukes , it gave them up , and was invaded as a result . 
  i highly doubt anyone in ukraine is glad they gave up their nukes . 
  and as for the snp , that 's not really relevant . 
  scotland could easily give up it nuclear deterrent without worrying because the uk around it would still have its nukes left . 
  nobody is going to threaten scotland if england has anything to say about it , even if they 're independent nations . 
  it 's not unlike how canada does not have any nuclear weapons even though it easily could acquire some . 
  why ? 
  because its best friend to the south has thousands and would be willing to use them in its neighbour 's defence . 
  the fact is , giving up your nukes without the entire world giving up theirs is incredibly dangerous and makes the likelihood of war far more likely . 
  if nato had no nukes , russian troops would be in paris and the chinese would be in tokyo . 
  rand paul polls almost as well as hillary clinton ... and nobody thinks the us will become our enemy or anything , just that it will stop caring about what we do or what happens here . 
  honestly i 'm pretty sure that 's already happening ( your citizenry already feels that way even if your leadership does n't ) and your government is shifting its attention to the pacific since that 's a much more important part of the world ( and your asian allies actually pull their own weight ) . 
  and there 's still a reason to be allied with the us -- it 's the richest and strongest country out there . 
  it does n't matter if they 're more isolationist or not . 
  if your argument was true , then nobody would ever ally with 90 % of the world and they 're not even really powerful . 
  i mean , why is anyone allies with denmark ? 
  sureeee it was just an * accident * ... 
  the same way the nsa has no idea what snowden is talking about , right ? 
  me too but honestly none of them are really * that * muslim . 
  it 's more of an identity to them than a serious doctrine to live their lives by . 
  kinda like every cool christian and jew i know ... 
  and non-extremists who are . 
  the saudis have a vested interest in * not * seeing a bunch of fundamentalist anti-monarch muslims all over the world -- al-qaeda for example terrifies them more than it does most europeans . 
  but he 's not really making any significant impact here anyway . 
  meanwhile in most muslim countries homosexuality can get you killed . 
  easier to achieve some of those goals if your country is small and dependent on foreign investment though . 
  there 's no way we could ever open things up as much nor would we want to since we do n't need outside investors to pour money in for growth . 
  not that estonia is n't impressive or anything -- it absolutely is . 
  the white house is a diplomatic institution . 
  they ca n't confirm a lot of things -- remember how they 're still pretending it 's possible the russian government did n't supply the buk used to shoot down mh17 ? 
  also whatever money is spent to secure their release will directly translate into more ammunition and weapons for terrorist groups to mass murder more innocent families . 
  these two idiots if ransomed will have the blood of dozens ( if not hundreds ) of innocents on their hands . 
  fuck them . 
  and please do not pay for their release . 
  just this week we saw thousands of yazidi families massacred and young women taken as sex slaves . 
  i 'd rather two stupid europeans die than see a repeat . 
  yeah seriously . 
  if italy has any intention to act responsibly it will not pay anything for their release and will use this as a teaching experience to its other citizens . 
  the idiotic european mentality of paying the random directly leads to more massacres and more kidnappings . 
  it 's morally reprehensible . 
  those two women were incredibly stupid people who put themselves in and incredibly stupid position . 
  i 'm sorry for them and their families , but ultimately they should never have gone to a war zone . 
  a lot of stupid people do stupid things and die all the time ; we do n't normally make a huge deal out of it . 
  know what 's sad ? 
  it 's kinda in our best interest to keep the war in syria going indefinitely so those idiot european muslims fighting for terrorist groups never come home . 
  if we intervene to end the violence , we 'll end up with thousands of mass murdering fanatics in our cities . 
  well i mean , making europe peaceful * was the entire point * . 
  if you want to criticise stupid things nato has done , fine , but you can not deny that it achieved its primary purpose extremely well and for the first time in recorded history our continent is not torn apart by constant internal conflict . 
  it also laid the groundwork for further political unionisation like the ec and eu . 
  and like i said , nato is purely defensive . 
  any offensive activities are not officially nato-sanctioned but rather on the initiative of individual nato members . 
  in other words , it would still happen even if nato did n't exist . 
  btw , this is why so many members sat out of the libya campaign without violating their treaty obligations . 
  you are n't a commonwealth country first of all ... you burned those bridges when you shot at us because you hated our king . 
  and your country was isolationist for a very long time prior to wwi , at which point it became even more isolationist until pearl harbour . 
  today support for isolationism is at an all-time high among the general public and most americans do n't want anything to do with ukraine , syria , iraq , or anywhere else . 
  it also does n't help that the republican party 's most likely presidential nominee is basically openly isolationist and quite clear in his contempt for the world ( rand paul ) . 
  honestly i understand where your countrymen are coming from and going [ partly ] isolationist would probably be the best thing for you , but it would suck for us so i hope it does n't happen . 
  sure , but nonetheless the fact is foreign policy without muscle backing it is completely pointless . 
  the idea that the eu 's foreign policy should not be dictated by one of its major military powers is completely nonsensical . 
  why would anybody ever take something that finland said seriously ? 
  there 's literally not a single reason for russia or china or the usa to even remotely pay attention to countries with small populations and weak militaries . 
  if you turned the eu 's foreign ministry into a finnish/czech/estonian / portuguese/irish bloc , it would be worthless . 
  it needs a france or uk , and * because * it needs those kind of powers it would n't really matter who the fm was in the first place -- the eu would never be able to push foreign policy goals that run counter to the uk/france 's interests regardless . 
  it 's not that different to how the eu 's economic planning all runs through germany , since most of the eurozone is comparatively unimportant . 
   of course i did . 
  only you have to be able to understand context . 
  do n't blame me for your own insufficient knowledge ... no , you did not . 
  stop being such a twat . 
  great job not actually refuting anything i said . 
  if i 'm wrong , tell me why , you know , like i did to your idiotic post . 
  but of course i 'm not and you have no idea what the hell you 're talking about , so you have to make snarky comments and change the subject . 
  possible , but his information is definitely biased from that perspective . 
  i suspect he gathered his information about the us political system via / r/politics or something , which is obviously heavily left-leaning and hyperbolic ( because most of its users are americans , so they know not to take it completely literally ) and applied that to his own personal views . 
  it 's nonsense regardless . 
  not really . 
  if russia joined nato in 25 years , our alliance would then be a lot closer to both china and iran . 
  again , why ... ? 
  problem with your distrust is those same countries you do n't trust are the ones who make up the `` muscle '' behind the eu . 
  if they 're not in charge of foreign policy , that leaves countries without any real ability to act tough because they ca n't be sure anything substantive is actually behind their words . 
  it 's one thing for a british or french representative to play that role when dealing with dictators and aggressors , but another thing entirely for say the czech republic or finland to do the same . 
  nobody would care at all what they would have to say unless they knew an actual global power was behind them , and if that were true the situation would n't be functionally different from those powers being in charge of eu foreign policy in the first place ( e.g. 
  rasmussen is the nato head but the muscle is american , so although he 's a european he really speaks publicly with an american voice since he has to make sure they are ok with whatever he says ) . 
  the us federal government does n't really have many powers . 
  yes , it dictates war and peace , deals with treaties and ( some ) international trade , etc. , but that 's about it . 
  everything else is decided at lower levels of government , including even major federal initiatives -- obamacare for example was implemented by the states in varying ways ( some did n't even really implement it at all , and others already had their own healthcare systems and just ignored it entirely ) . 
  in many cases the current eu has greater say over independent european nations than the us government does over its own states . 
  not enough people on this thread seem to understand how the us system works yet they 're constantly using it as an example . 
  no you really did n't . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  you did n't address a single one of his complaints in any sufficient manner . 
  thanks !, 
  it 's not really even for oil for the us or uk anymore . 
  we all have our own sources of oil and in north america 's case they 're about to become the biggest producers in the world of both oil and gas . 
  how ? 
  finland was pretty much a secret us ally during the entire cold war .
