   dissolving the patriot programm without offering an alternative and without the threat being gone the turkish air force is the alternative , and the threat of syrian air force aircraft entering turkish airspace is completely gone . 
  patriots no longer have a useful role with turkish air force operations across the border . 
  literally everything you 've said is just wrong ... 
  the patriots were being pulled back at the start of october as scheduled last year . 
  they just began to pull some of the soldiers out as per their plans . 
  this has nothing to do with recent events whatsoever . 
  i have no idea what the hell you 're talking about . 
  the pkk has n't really made a secret of the fact that they 've been behind several of the attacks though . 
  not really `` maybe '' though -- if they do n't explicitly state anywhere that they do n't use data fingerprinting , there 's almost a 100 % chance that they do . 
  none of the listed services even appear to make security a major priority . 
  if it 's based in the eu it 's no less secure than the us though . 
  what matters is the level of encryption . 
  none of the european recommendations here offer any serious level of encryption so they 're honestly no better than the american alternatives ( except backblaze , which is american but offers full encryption ) . 
  and if you consider the fact that the pricing models of the european providers here are absurdly cheap and allow massive amounts of data , they are 100 % fingerprinting what you upload and indexing/recording your data . 
  only a fool would use any of the eu services listed here and except their files to be secure and private . 
  either create your own private server or stop worrying about the level of security they are providing , because other than backblaze as far as i 'm aware none of these services are really any good as far as that 's concerned . 
  google employs more europeans than every other company listed here though . 
  [ here 's a pic from her instagram on life news ] ( https://scontent-dfw1-1.cdninstagram.com/hphotos-xap1/t51.2885-15/10513731_393171370892127_1776694671_n.jpg ) , so she seems like some sort of journalist ( if you use that term loosely ) but i have no idea if people in russia take life news seriously since it seems to be extremist and fringe . 
  ehh , it depends . 
  patriotism can be healthy in holding societies together , especially diverse ones , so long as it does n't take an aggressive form . 
  currently every single one of those airports loses money every year . 
  when the criminal is black , the media in the us almost never mention the race . 
  if the person is a victim however they do . 
  this leads to weird situations where they mention black victims but leave out the part where the criminal was black too , so it seems like black people never get a break from white criminals . 
  maybe right-wing media report the race but i 'm not sure since i never watched it when i lived there . 
  the snp is a lot less of an ethnic/linguistic nationalistic party . 
  that 's not even really part of their reasoning behind their position at all . 
  the usa claims `` america '' because it 's the only country with `` america '' in its name . 
  plus , calling them `` united statesers '' sounds really stupid in english ( although it works in other languages ) . 
  edit : they do n't `` claim '' it in any official sense but they call themselves that and most of the world does the same for that reason . 
  do they guarantee a minimum wage for illegal migrants ? 
  i doubt it . 
  they definitely do for legal ones but why would they not ? 
  legal migrants are entitled to the same labour rights as anyone else . 
  i think he was trying to bash australia 's policy rather than making a pro-fascist statement . 
  but yeah , i 've seen some outright pro-genocide statements on this subreddit over the last couple of days and it 's disgusting . 
  true but putin has something like 85 % approval . 
  it 's only young educated muscovites who really dislike him these days . 
  wow the comments here are fucked up . 
  in fairness it is the biggest issue in much of europe and is on the front pages of major european newspapers and websites daily . 
  right now the main headline on bbc news is about immigration . 
  so the musician in question wants to turn spain into a jewish state ? 
  you 're deliberately making a dumb comparison . 
  `` traitor '' to islam ... as with virtually every isis statement , they 're speaking in weird religious terms . 
  even if we do nothing there will be refugees . 
  it 's arguable that even more refugees are caused by inaction -- see syria for example . 
  they 're already discussing allowing koreans to immigrate in larger numbers . 
  there 's a 0 % chance of them doing that with africans or middle easterners though . 
  uhh , france , britain , and italy were behind the gaddafi mess . 
  the us reluctantly joined later because the european countries involved needed help as for syria , it 's a proxy war between several sides with the world 's jihadists mixed in . 
  the us ca n't really do anything to affect things on the ground and regardless , the civil war started as a direct result of assad being insanely violent toward protestors . 
  no not really . 
  there has been a lot of talk and almost no movement as far as that goes . 
  as / u/narwi pointed out , this alone is more than everything that has happened so far . 
  he 's not really a big fan of ksa to be honest . 
  he sees them as a rival sunni power and he wants turkey to be at the head of the sunni world instead . 
  the big criticism of erdogan is that he has a new-ottoman mentality . 
  buks would stay the same though ... 
  [ citation needed ], 
  they 'll leave within the month too . 
  the mission ends in october as has been scheduled for a long time now . 
  rudaw is the main pro-krg news network . 
  normally it 's not really anti-turkey since turkey is a close ally of the kdp ( main party in charge in iraqi kurdistan ) , but this author might be biased . 
  am i the only one who does n't see companies as evil for not wanting homeless people sleeping directly outside their buildings ? 
  it 's just as stupid as pretending all arabs are pro-isis . 
  the majority of kurds are not pro-pkk . 
  and it has never been exported afaik . 
  this belongs in the megathread right ? 
  despite being the most important issue for eu citizens it apparently does n't deserve normal threads apparently . 
  loans at the interest rates we 're talking about are absolutely gifts . 
  the lenders are taking on massive risk for virtually no reward and no private lender would even consider it for a second . 
  turkey 's been secular longer than several non-muslim european states ... 
  not really , but central asians from former soviet states and native europeans ( albanians , bosniaks , etc ) are just as liberal-minded if not more so than turks . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-overview/ ) . 
  unfortunately , most other muslim populations are regressive to varying degrees though . 
  i even if they are trained for war it would still be the same way . 
  in modern warfare there are huge numbers of `` soldiers '' whose jobs are technical or otherwise do n't involve direct combat . 
  rescue them and immediately send them back ? 
  it would remove the incentive they migrants have for trying while also preventing mass drowning . 
  [ especially among the tories ... ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/labour/11741861/how-you-can-help-jeremy-corbyn-win-and-destroy-the-labour-party.html ), 
  i think he 's talking about burnham , who 's a lot more moderate . 
  food is n't really the problem ; we could easily feed more than that . 
  it 's employment that 's going to be the real issue -- many african countries will be flooded with unemployed young people who have no future , which is a recipe for disaster . 
  if people want to buy them why not ? 
  if they do n't sell , presumably stores will just stop stocking them right ? 
  that 's what happened in other countries . 
  as long as you have a free market i see no reason this should even be an issue . 
  as it turns out , most people do n't really care what colour they are and are willing to wear blue and green ones . 
  shocking . 
  aka the australian solution . 
  they went from thousands drowning every year to zero . 
  they 're also public enemy number one to groups like amnesty now . 
  basically the same in the nicer cities , but the cities are far ahead of the rural areas which are still pretty poor . 
  the cities in western poland are really nice and prague was my favourite place to visit in europe . 
  stay vigilant greece . 
  and remember to pay your debts . 
  more accurate to characterise it as `` they 're turkish , so they practise islam differently from other groups . '', 
  and that is objectively true . 
  are you disputing it ? 
  unless you 're saying there 's something unique about germany that the rest of western europe lacks of course ...
