  how is he supposed to negotiate ? 
  greece needed to cut spending back then and did n't . 
  how is it a `` good fight '' to maintain insane levels of deficit spending for decades ? 
  that 's literally why greece is in such bad shape today . 
  syriza is still in power ... 
  all they would have to do is stop using greek euro bills by declaring them no longer legal tender . 
  that 's it -- every business would reject them . 
  people with valid greek-issues euros could go to banks and get them exchanged based on serial numbers . 
  and of course , greece itself would almost certainly be blockaded and cut off . 
  if greece was not european , it would possibly also get invaded . 
  france deploys its military domestically all the time though . 
  they have them at landmarks all over the country ( eiffel tower anyone ? ), 
  and they had them at all the synagogues and jewish schools following the attacks on jews . 
  tim cook , aka capitalist god . 
  how many decades until greece is a net exporter in your opinion ? 
  will it * ever * happen ? 
  greece was n't even a net exporter 20 years ago before the rise of asia began . 
  now greece has to compete with all of asia and soon all of africa too . 
  no upvotes ... that was my point . 
  yea some idiots say idiotic things but that 's not the overall sentiment at all . 
  it 's not even a popular sentiment . 
  are eu police going to be able to arrest thousands of greeks for tax evasion and take them to prisons in germany and france ? 
  are they going to be able to do the same across the eu ? 
  the only way european federalism works is if every member willingly gives up a huge amount of its sovereignty , and there 's no way parties like syriza ( or fn , ukip , or even the tories ) would ever agree to that . 
  how ? 
  greece is tiny and pretty insignificant all things considered . 
  plenty of bigger economies have tanked and there was no depression . 
  it 's not like european trade is suddenly going to stop because greece ca n't afford to import anymore . 
  i 'm sorry but no , that 's not the same message at all . 
  it 's not even remotely similar . 
  can you really not tell the difference ? 
  same way we do in richer countries -- wait for them to do something horrible and lock them up as long as possible . 
  there really is n't any other way to deal with them unfortunately . 
  who is saying that ? 
  i keep seeing people referencing those kinds of stupid statements but i never actually see them except after they 're downvoted to oblivion . 
  he was young when it happened ? 
  nothing happened to austerity though . 
  greece just rejected austerity under troika terms for ( even more ) austerity under their own terms . 
  did you really think this vote was austerity vs no austerity ? 
  only one problem : as a result of the call to referendum and all the chaos that happened after the talks collapsed , the greek economy plunged and ended up in a much worse place than it was going into those negotiations . 
  there is no way the new terms could be the same as they were anymore and cuts would have to be even deeper . 
  it does n't link to the source anywhere though and it 's not clear at all if it 's a direct quotation or if they inserted their own thoughts into the text . 
  just saying its a db document without showing any such document is not really credible , especially since it 's not on a high-profile news site like the new york times . 
  weird title considering in the first sentence they say it 's behind berlin and london ( and obviously places in the states ) . 
  almost all of mexico 's industry is in the north and caters to the us market . 
  if mexico was in africa it would be extremely poor whereas right now it 's middle-income . 
  it just seems very poor because it 's next to the us . 
  mexico also has a great outlet for its unemployed in the form of illegal migration -- 5-10 % of the population are in the us . 
  zerohedge sucks . 
  use a different source . 
  go to / r/ukpolitics and look at the stuff on the front page . 
  it 's not right-wing at all . 
  cuba openly trades with everyone but the us and is not really isolated at all . 
  it 's just that they have no money and no exports other than cigars , so there really is n't much trade taking place anyway . 
  cuba is not even remotely close to being self-sufficient and will never be -- during the cold war it relied on soviet aid to survive and after that it relied on venezuelan aid . 
  ever since oil prices dropped and venezuela was unable to provide that aid , cuba has opened up to the us . 
  the entire island is essentially on welfare and has been that way for the better part of a century now . 
  the question itself is clear but the things it references are not clear at all . 
  i would bet not even 1 % of voters have read the documents they are voting on and they are simply interpreting the question as whatever they think it means , whether `` do you want more austerity or not ? '', 
  or `` do you want to leave the eurozone ( or eu ) ? '', 
  or `` do you want a new election ? '' . 
  a good referendum question is like what the uk did with scotland -- a simple question with a simple answer . 
  people in those countries only vote more `` rationally '' because the rules of the game are well-established by this point . 
  what i mean is , everyone including religious people know that electing a religious party does not mean they will get religious legislation . 
  they know that voting for the left or right wo n't cause any revolutionary changes from the previous government . 
  a party like syriza with radical promises would be dismissed offhand as a joke and a party like akp would never even be considered because the entire religious dimension of their platform is meaningless . 
  it 's not like we 're inherently more rational people or anything like that , it 's just that what our politicians can do is much more restrained and everybody knows it . 
  also , we have far less polarised societies . 
  rural people are not even remotely similar to people from london , but they 're still far more similar than rural anatolians and istanbulites . 
  or indian . 
  but with decadent imperialist american citizenship . 
  does n't putin 's daughter live there too ? 
  i watched it for the first time this world cup and it honestly was very enjoyable . 
  yes , the skill level was lower than the men 's wc but so what ? 
  i like to watch non-pl english football all the time and the skill level is n't that great either . 
  and unlike men 's football , the women actually played way more cleanly and nobody flopped around like a dead fish . 
  they 'd take very hard hits ( far harder than any male player would without acting like he 's about to die ) and immediately get up and keep playing . 
  it was a nice change . 
   the same people who pretend to like women 's football hate football in general those people would be americans , who love women 's football ( `` soccer '' ) . 
  their team is great and the sport is generally seen as more feminine in the us ( though that 's changing ) . 
  you 're on an american website with an 80 % + american userbase ; of course you 're going to see people who care . 
   if this was a man 's match it would n't be posted in reddit . 
  a world cup third place between england and germany would not be on reddit if it was a men 's match ? 
  are you serious ? 
  it would be on the front page . 
  all it takes is one big incident that riles far-right reactionaries up enough and they will be successful again though . 
  a high-profile rape gang of immigrants or a terrorist attack . 
  that 's the problem with far weight reactionary parties -- they 're never particularly popular but if something happens that scares people , they suddenly receive a surge of support . 
  could pegida take their spot ? 
  is pegida even a real party ? 
  nope , especially not in / r/unitedkingdom . 
  that subreddit is very left in every way , including fiscally . 
  they did a survey during the general election and the biggest party was the greens , who are considered fringe in real life . 
  you do n't really know what you 're talking about . 
  maybe that 's true for / r/politics but not in the non-american subs . 
  anglosphere is best sphere . 
  not really redditors ( especially not in / r/uk , which is very left-wing ) , but in real life yes most people give the government credit and view them and economically competent . 
  the main criticism is that they 're heartless , which is pretty unfair but whatever . 
  note : these are the most left-leaning members of congress and this letter is n't representative at all of how the congress in general views the situation . 
  there 's no possible way for them to operate as long as capital controls are in place though .
