  there were a number of cia listening stations and spy operations on finnish territory with full cooperation from the government . 
  serious question : does yanks only really apply to americans from ny or does it also apply to people in texas and california ? 
  also the us just had a 4 % quarter iirc ... 
  stop the war is a completely worthless group that does n't actually care about humanitarianism or pacifism . 
  the economist thoroughly destroyed them earlier this year : http://www.economist.com/blogs/blighty/2014/03/britain-and-ukraine and by elite peshmerga i meant the elite troops within the entire peshmerga . 
  as a whole they are n't very elite since a huge portion are just militiamen/women with only basic training and much of the `` professionals '' are really just armed political operatives of various kurdish parties . 
  thankfully all the kurds have been in peaceful coalitions for a decade now so the factions do n't fight anymore , but they 're still not really a professional army . 
  only a smallish subset are actually apolitical troops operating directly for the krg , and these are mostly english-speaking , western-trained , and extremely well-armed ( by the cia ) . 
  they 're the ones who do the sporting for us jets/drones and who actually take the offensive , while the rest are mostly local defense units . 
  also the peshmerga have recently been bolstered by experienced fighters from syria and turkey but at least in the latter case , they ca n't really work with the us since they 're still technically a terrorist group ( pkk ) . 
  that 's probably going to change soon though since they 've signed a peace deal with the turkish government and erdogan owes kurdish voters for his election victory . 
  or russian nationals but not official military . 
  that 's probably the most likely scenario , but yeah , it 's still a huge difference to be noted . 
  some us special forces were on the refugee mountain too but they 're gone now . 
  the peshmerga are operating as a de facto proxy force for the us right now though so there 's no reason to have more western troops on the ground . 
  many of the elite peshmerga units are fully us-trained and kurdish troops in general are being commanded by us `` advisers '' and armed by the west . 
  so really the only combat operations carried out by western forces right now are aerial . 
  worth noting that the current us president was one of the few senators who took the unpopular decision of voting against the iraq war and the current secretary of state ran for president in 2004 on a platform of leaving iraq entirely . 
  the current vp also called for the partition of iraq long before this current crisis and was demonised for it in the american press , although current events have shown he was right . 
  these are n't hawks at all and both vehemently opposed bush 's foreign policy . 
  america 's anthem is even worse though -- it 's just about them surviving a bombardment by our navy . 
  it 's not even about them winning , just kinda not dying horribly . 
  it 's really just a poetic depiction of some relatively minor historical events . 
  probably worth pointing out that wwii was n't really just started by germany but also by russia . 
  people just `` conveniently '' forgot the russians started it when the nazis backstabbed them and the ussr joined the allies . 
  he was oddly specific too , and most of that turned out to be right . 
  it 's kinda unnerving really . 
  yes , but people like putin perpetuate those lies and misinformation . 
  and unlike the average person , they know it is mostly bs . 
  when i say turkey , it should be obvious i 'm referring to the republic of turkey , otherwise known as turkey ... why ? 
  because the ottoman empire * was not * turkey . 
  it was an empire that spanned across dozens of countries and its entire governance structure and citizenry had very little in common with turkey . 
  like i asked , do you find it in any way reasonable to judge the italian government against the roman empire ? 
  what about the us government against the native americans ? 
  should we judge modern-day german governments against the nazis ? 
  when discussing a country 's government , if you do not want to come off as a complete idiot , * keep the discussion focused on the actual government you 're discussing * . 
  and yes , i would `` strip '' france of charlemagne if i was discussing hollande 's leadership because comparing hollande to charlemagne makes no sense . 
  i may as well compare him to genghis khan because it would be equally meaningless . 
  jesus fucking christ , the fact that i have to explain this to you is embarrassing . 
  europe is not the sole consumer either ... 
  but there are alternatives . 
  russia is not the sole energy producer . 
  yeah of course and i 'm not arguing against immigration nor am i saying you are stupid or `` bad '' people for doing it . 
  i 'd do the exact same thing ( hell , i 'm an immigrant myself and i do n't live in the uk anymore ) . 
  but that does n't mean it is n't a legitimate discussion for british people to have , and the idea that they should not be talking about immigration is just foolish . 
  that lack of willingness to address immigration is the primary factor behind rising eurosceptism and parties like ukip and is incredibly destructive to the eu project . 
  oh yeah of course . 
  but `` history '' i feel is not a good reason to keep things how they are . 
  livability is very important though and we should n't lose sight of it . 
  at the same time , there * is * a housing crisis in many places and part of `` livability '' is making sure people actually have a place to live that does n't ruin their finances . 
  sometimes that means building up . 
  the infrastructure is n't any worse than portugal , and cost-wise those places are all still cheaper to live . 
  i 'm not saying any place is better than any other ; simply that if you 're working from home there 's no reason not to move to a cheaper location . 
  and if your work requires fast internet , most of the better eastern european countries have that * and * they 're cheaper to live . 
  it 's still on average cheaper to live ( literally everything else costs like half as much , it 's insane ) . 
  and of course if you have a full-time job your employer covers you . 
  good point . 
  energy independence + bulk purchases is the best way to go . 
  the internet is much better in eastern europe and in most of eastern europe the infrastructure is just as good . 
  the us is also cheaper to live in than portugal unless you want to live in the biggest cities or places like california . 
  but is n't it still completely useless ? 
  nobody is going to just admit to spying or come forward with the names of their spies no matter what anyone says . 
  and it 's not like only the us is spying here either , our government was doing it too , so was france , china , russia , and probably many more countries . 
  at least by keeping the talks private the government is able to have serious discussions on the matter . 
  by making it public you all but guarantee nobody is going to play ball in any way whatsoever -- there 's not a chance in hell the us government will openly discuss spying so they just wo n't discuss it at all . 
  yeah because even then everyone knew they were spying and vice versa . 
  this is n't a new or surprising thing . 
  the only difference now is the general public knows and is upset about it , so the politicians have to act . 
  elizabeth is n't queen of sa anymore and in all likelihood australia will get rid of the monarchy after she dies . 
  maybe canada will too , but nobody even pays attention to her there anyway so republican sentiments do n't really exist even though nobody likes monarchy . 
  which is fine ... 
  i do n't understand why they would want to retain a foreign monarchy as some sort of symbol for themselves when it does n't actually represent them at all . 
  guessing he 's high ... ? 
  should history never move on ? 
  before those `` historically significant '' buildings , there were other , even older ones that were replaced . 
  we ca n't just be stuck in the past forever and i 'm glad we no longer have little villages all over the place . 
  night photos of cities always look way cooler than how they actually are in the daytime . 
  you should go on holiday to nyc once , your mind will be blown . 
  it was actually insane the feeling i got when i was on 30 rock looking out at the nighttime skyline ... chills ... 
  why would n't you go live in the cheapest place possible if you were doing a remote job ? 
  your money would go a lot further ... 
  should n't it be the other way around ? 
  if you do n't need russian gas , you 're in a much stronger negotiating position . 
  in the uk our prices are lower because we have alternatives -- if the russians try to price-gouge us we will simply stop buying their gas entirely . 
  consumers increasing their negotiating power is n't exploitative though . 
  and producers should not have the bulk of the negotiating power -- that runs counter to the entire concept of free-market economics . 
  but nobody is starving in france  yet . 
  please tell me how  the issue being idiots like you convincing themselves the issue does n't exist does n't perfectly apply to you . 
  you 're whining about a problem that does not exist * by your own admission * because you think it may exist someday in the future . 
  when that comes you could have a point , but it has n't and nothing you have said indicates it will . 
  we do n't prepare for every possible contingency however unlikely because doing so is completely idiotic . 
  you 're whining about and proposing solutions for a problem that does n't exist by your own admittance . 
  okay , whatever , have fun ... 
  a while ago they were about to launch a raid on some pirates who were holding german hostages but they did n't have their own equipment and had to use a us ship and helicopters . 
  the americans decided it would be a bloodbath and told the germans to go home though . 
  the us never embargoed russia . 
  this is a screen grab from iran . 
  let 's also not forget that boeing is one of the us military 's most important defence contractors so the fact that russia is indirectly funding american fighter jets and missiles is n't exactly a * bad * thing from the us government 's perspective . 
  if it 's not on any search engine it may as well not be there in the first place . 
  no dystopian writer could have come up with a better scenario if they tried .
