  yeah that 's what i meant , broadly useless for people outside the country . 
  of course not , but do try to stay on topic . 
  no one cares about your police here . 
  i mean like the whole us air force could be there in less than 12 . 
  so these figures are kinda pointless since other nato forces would be operational before even half the soldiers on the diagram . 
  the eu copied its regulations from the us ... they started doing this decades ago . 
  the germans successfully scraped the car regulations because they 're powerful and that matters to them ... 
  drugs . 
  you can probably still use it for banking or whatever , but you might have to use banks that operate in estonia so it 's kinda pointless . 
  scaling information infrastructure has a sort of reverse economies of scale factor to it . 
  normally the more people involved , the more difficult it is by a huge margin , and it is * not * linear at all . 
  `` vote for this guy or we 're not gon na help you . '', 
  yeah , he could basically pick the winners if he wanted . 
  last time the trains were late they hired the crazy guy to lead the country !, 
  uh , this is / r/europe . 
  that 's why you 're being downvoted -- no one cares . 
  most of the violence in the us is perpetrated in two communities : poor blacks and poor mexicans/central americans . 
  if you 're not in one of those groups and you are not in an area they live , your chances of being vitimised are virtually zero . 
  you 're less likely to be shot than in most of western europe if you 're white for example . 
  and in most cities , there are a handful of streets where 90 % + of the gun violence takes place -- the rest of the city is completely oblivious to what 's happening . 
  usually it 's a 100 % black , drug-infested ghetto ( sadly/ironically named after martin luther king ; streets bearing his name are the most violent in the usa ) . 
  it 's depressing . 
  but the demographics of violence are also why the police there are so jumpy and racist and why things like ferguson happen . 
  most europeans have no idea so they thought ferguson was just some horrible oppression with no backstory . 
  do n't poor people usually have * more * weapons than the rich ? 
  it happens several times a year though ... 
  oh give it a rest . 
  ukip are wrong but they are neither of those things ; they 're the considerably more respectable alternative to actual fascist parties . 
  you ca n't call anyone who opposes open immigration a racist or extremist and expect reasonable political discourse , and the best thing about ukip is that they 've taken the anti-immigration arguments go away from racism, 
  so does the us , and so does jordan . 
  what we usually do is get their government to sign an agreement that they will not execute the suspect in question and then extradite . 
  even without any human rights violations the man has directly financed thousands of iraqi deaths and would never again be a free man if convicted in iraq . 
  that 's far preferable to him remaining a free european for decades to come , during which he will undoubtedly help terrorists kill thousands more . 
  and the smell . 
  everything just have smelled so horrible all the time . 
  it 's because the roads were planned along the geography , so the paths would have generally remained the same even far into the future . 
  but no internet and disease would suck . 
  so would the food . 
  i 'd also be too much of a wimp to go to war like every other good roman was supposed to do . 
  how so ? 
  raiding addresses where you suspect crimes took place , if done so legally , is n't controversial in any way nor should it be . 
  are you honestly taking the stance that the police should never be allowed to enter private property ever ? 
  can he be extradited to iraq or something because his fundraising directly led to iraqi deaths ? 
  but you have alternatives as your countries are huge . 
  for many people here , depending on what field you work in , london can be pretty much your only option . 
  i agree with most of this , but the way merkel operates does not always appear reassuring to many people outside germany and there are valid reasons for people to be concerned , even if they should n't be . 
  perception is an important part of politics -- just look at how obama is treated by half his own population despite serving their interests fairly well . 
  you do n't even have to hide your dutch citizenship either . 
  it 's pretty fun . 
  ~ 3 ft = 1 m remember those values are square though so you have to sqrt first . 
  oh did n't know that ... he just also has a very american accent so he sounds like he spent a while there . 
  so did israel i think ? 
  maybe new jersey is just a magical place . 
  he has more power than other presidents , but mostly he goes for the press conferences with obama because he 's experienced with the us ( and was the former ambassador there ) and is seen by people in the government as a good intermediary . 
  it makes sense to have your us-raised , american-accented colleague do the talking for you to the americans . 
  both merkel and netanyahu have that experience themselves already ( plus i think netanyahu is also from new jersey ) . 
  does anyone have a particular dislike for individual russian people ? 
  i mean , the atrocities committed by the russian government were inflicted on their own people as much as others , and they 've never really been a truly democratic open society so it 's difficult to place the blame on powerless individuals regardless . 
  and of course if you 're constantly fed misinformation via state-controlled media why would you not hold incorrect views through no fault of your own ? 
  they have more of everything , tanks , planes , bombers , ships , cruise missiles , etc. 
  than all of us combined . 
  i 'm not really overestimating it at all . 
  people do n't seem to understand just how much they spend on their military -- it 's insanity . 
  there 's a reason they 're a global hegemon and basically every important country besides russia , china , and india is a us ally . 
  the biggest air force in the world is the us air force . 
  the second biggest is the us navy . 
  the us marines are in the top 10 as well . 
  and remember , none of these figures include old , outdated jets like russia or china but rather the most advanced ones in the world . 
  even then hungary could n't cripple anything . 
  are you serious ... ? 
  the us alone could take out the entire continent + russia without using nuclear weapons , including us and france . 
  it would n't even really be close given the sheer imbalance in air power . 
  nobody would ever choose the side that is 100 % going to lose a war . 
  it 's definitely dead now though , since it was meant to transport primarily iraqi supplies and that 's now completely unreasonable . 
  it also crosses several parts of the world that are now horribly unstable and no sane investors would back the project anymore . 
  but he 's the us ambassador , right ? 
  as in , he 's an american not an azerbaijani ... ? 
  why would he have an agenda in favour of azerbaijan in particular ? 
  that does n't make any sense -- if a war was going to somehow break out , why would anyone ever stab the eventual victors in the back ? 
  there 's no way russia would ever win , so siding with them over nato would be the stupidest move ever . 
  no , it just saves you a couple of minutes at most so it 's really not a big deal for air travel . 
  road traffic is where it 's really beneficial since those lines can get very backed up where crossings are not part of schengen . 
  also neither the turkish nor mexican media are absurdly militaristic even if their countries are n't exactly fair media environments . 
  biased , poor quality non-independent media is universally bad , but it 's especially dangerous when said media pushes imperialistic and militaristic interests using false information . 
  we 've seen this happen everywhere too many times throughout history and in russia today it 's pretty close to reaching perfection . 
  yeah i 'm not a fan but he does deserve credit for having such an outsize influence in the government . 
  the lib dems are basically dead politically right now yet they 're still running the country almost as much as the tories . 
  ah yeah i guess some eastern bloc countries were affected from those . 
  i was mostly thinking of the big manufacturers like germany , who were n't really impacted at all since they never sent arms to russia in the first place . 
  in fairness there actually was an evil fascist army . 
  of course though , they did n't really care about protecting people at all . 
  they just wanted to take territory from the fascists for themselves . 
  they do n't touch manufacturing at all actually . 
  after russia invaded crimea he was , but that 's hardly the `` start '' . 
  same thing happened with labour and ukip here . 
  it 's poorer working-class leftists , as opposed to the annoying kind you see at campuses and in the guardian , who make that switch . 
  is this common in russia like dashcams ? 
  nobody here does that or worries about scratches ... 
  is n't he suspected of being the richest person in the world ? 
  but the thing is , even it 's mineral deposits are not particularly special .
