  we would n't be able to yurop as much but whatever ... 
  nah it 's just weird misguided far-leftists in western europe/usa who do n't really understand why greece is where it is today and think they 're making a stand for social justice against german capitalism . 
  maybe some russian trolls are mixed in ( would n't doubt it ) , but they 're irrelevant . 
  most leftists ( at least centre-leftists ) do n't see greece 's situation as admirable and never did . 
  bloated public sectors and inefficient bureaucracy are not really hallmarks of leftist politics . 
  as for far-leftists , sure . 
  but nobody with a brain took them any more seriously than the far-right to begin with . 
  they 're all talk . 
  sort of , but the existing retailers are also now aware of the threat german companies pose and are lowering their prices as a result . 
  they 'll probably end up winning the retail war in the long-term although to be honest the consumers are the real winners . 
  only problem is nobody in europe is currently providing a viable alternative . 
  if you stop buying german products that means you 're going to be buying american and japanese instead , not greek and italian . 
  everything that could be produced in greece is cheaper and more efficient to make in germany , despite greece 's much lower labour costs . 
  germany even exports olive oil to greece and germany does n't grow a single olive . 
  and greeks open more new businesses in the us than in greece so it 's not like they are n't entrepreneurial people , it 's just that the business environment matters a lot and greece has none . 
  proudhon sounds like a super french nationalistic name . 
  on the internet it 's generally smart to ignore stupid people rather than engage them . 
  i hope every country starts making these absurdly over-the-top collages for their national holidays . 
  i love the ` murica ones and this is almost as good ... fewer guns and tacky flags though so i deducted some points . 
  what you needed were some frenchmen in french flag underpants shooting famas rifles off for no reason . 
  or [ this guy ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/2/29/pionnier-legion.jpg ) , because he 's awesome . 
  for me it was true detective with all it 's shots of la industrial area and california 's massive highway network . 
  good show . 
  i took it to be like the way hollywood/tv shows depict american cities ? 
  they really go for the industrial/grimy ambiance and do shots like that a lot . 
  they somehow make those cities look less glamourous yet way sexier at the same time . 
  thats because of all the expats . 
  plus i think the us embassy pays for a lot of it . 
  they did n't break any laws so of course they wo n't be punished . 
  they were hired to help the greek government legally cover up the debt situation . 
  ehh , the greek government was the one who hired them ( and others ) to obfuscate the debt situation , not the other way around . 
  and what they did was not technically illegal either . 
  ... yes ? 
  the baltics would have similar youth unemployment had people not emigrated though . 
  they 've lost like 10 % of their population . 
  the us does n't really care that much . 
  people took a single quote from obama way too far without understanding that obama does n't actually control america 's money and he is n't really intervening . 
  maybe france could do something though but the baltics do n't really rely on france very much . 
  france will have to convince merkel , who will be the one to convince the rest of europe . 
  greece is not 2-3x more expensive though so the average standard of living in greece is higher too . 
   at the very least the argument would have to be that austerity frees up money which can then be invested . 
  i think that basically was the argument . 
  they wanted greece to make cuts in non-investment spending like pensions and instead put that in infrastructure and other things that pay off in the longer-term . 
  after all the historical problem with greece over the last two decades has been a horrible misallocation of resources ( mostly borrowed ) in a way that would inevitably lead to today 's situation . 
  they 're pretty progressive in many ways but they hold on to a lot of horrible practices . 
  in the long-term it does . 
  it 's so they have a place to live and someone to rely on financially that is n't the state . 
  if you move there and you already have relatives , you are a burden on said relatives rather than anyone else . 
  plenty of people oppose eu immigration too though , especially low-skilled workers who lose their jobs as a result of it . 
  normally these people were solidly pro-labour but over the last few years ukip has been pulling them away . 
  might be talking in part about this :  according to the times , about 600 of britain 's nearly 1,500 mosques are run by deobandi affiliated scholars , and 17 of the country 's 26 islamic seminaries follow sunni deobandi teachings , producing 80 % of all domestically trained ulema . 
  the same movement is the ideological basis for the taliban and other extremist groups around the world , mostly in south and central asia . 
  source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deobandi, 
  ahmadis are n't allowed to go to mecca and their religion is illegal in several muslim countries , so it 's not really a rare thing . 
  in pakistan they were regularly murdered which is why so many now live in the uk/canada/us . 
  by the way , what about his other posts did you enjoy ? 
  they 're full of misinformation . 
   a lot of them are fucking idiots . 
  the kind of guys who did n't take islam seriously until recently . 
  and a lot of them are not . 
  to pretend isis is made up entirely of people who are n't serious about their religion or who just recently picked it up is absurd . 
  by all accounts the majority of them are not newly-conservative muslims . 
   there is also the political angle to it . 
  until recently the our countries were determined to topple the president of syria at all costs . 
  which included spreading the propaganda that jihadists were spreading . 
  we also turned a blind eye to turkey keeping an open border to syria . 
  for a while there existed a situation where people could go into syria and fight and then go back to turkey to chill . 
  a `` five star jihad '' they called it . 
  they were showing pictures off and using social media without any restraint . 
  so it 's everybody else 's fault that extremist muslims went to go fight jihad but not theirs at all ? 
  you 're blaming european governments for opposing assad , turkey for having a porous border , etc without blaming the actual people who took advantage of that to go kill people in the name of allah ? 
  the overwhelming majority of the blame lies with the people who went to join terrorist groups , not anyone else . 
   our governments were literally doing nothing about it and our media was openly supporting these radical groups . 
  our media was openly supporting what radical groups ? 
  isis ? 
  really ? 
  because if so , by all means prove it . 
  extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence . 
   isis for example used croatian weapons in iraq that was bought illegally from croatia and airlifted with american help to jordan and turkey . 
  ... which they seized from the iraqi government and other western-aligned forces . 
  that 's a pretty major detail to leave out , but since it does n't fit your narrative that everyone but the radicals themselves are to blame why not ? 
   even to this day nobody can bring themselves to condemn syrian rebels other than isis . 
  nothing about jabhat al-nusra ( al-qaeda in syria ) another complete falsehood . 
  nobody is condemning nusra ? 
  they 're literally on every terrorist list in the world and they 've been widely condemned by every western government and every arab government without reservation . 
  the us has even been bombing them since 2014 . 
   our governments need to stop trying to use terrorists as tools to fulfil their foreign policy aims . 
  which terrorist groups are being used to fulfill the policy aims of western countries ? 
  if you 're talking about the gcc , iran , and even syria -- prior to the civil war assad was behind isi 's ( the predecessor to isis and nusra ) attacks in iraq against us troops and shias -- sure . 
  but that 's not what you 're implying so ...  until hollande and cameron get serious about it it will come back and hurt us . 
  [ sounds like you actually agree with the spectator and think western leaders should stop lying about where islamic terrorism comes from . 
  ] ( http://blogs.spectator.co.uk/coffeehouse/2015/06/religion-of-peace-is-not-a-harmless-platitude/ ) not something i expected from the rest of your post , but good on you . 
  a lot of people think they should n't have the right to express anti-abortion opinions ... ? 
  where is this ? 
  so because your cynical explanation may be true , it 's wrong for any government to make attempts to stop fraud ? 
  what kind of logic is that ? 
  it is perfectly legitimate to take action against welfare fraud and just because there 's a potential [ slippery slope ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slippery_slope ) does not lessen its legitimacy . 
  if the government goes beyond that and starts restricting benefits from truly disabled people , they should take it to court where they will win because the law is in their favour . 
  wait so he 's saying they do their work in romanian ? 
  that 's even more ridiculous ... of course they do n't .
