literally every other former and current ambassador disagrees . 
  are we going to start denying climate change and evolution as well ? 
  allah is trying to tell them that moving to northern europe is un-islamic . 
  the desert is where he wishes his faithful to stay . 
  getting hit by a missile is n't really `` fighting '' to defend anything . 
  it 's just dying before the fight begins . 
  but they 're giving interviews where they openly say they are n't actually asylum seekers or refugees ... how could we not deport them if they just came for money ? 
  it probably is n't . 
  that source looks sketchy as hell -- it 's full of weird conspiracy nonsense . 
  no they could n't , but they could be less of a dump . 
  even if they had the same population as the south ( they do n't ) , they would need to go well beyond chinese growth levels to even come close to challenging south korea . 
  sk is far wealthier and more developed than china , although obviously it 's much smaller so china is richer overall . 
  china does more trade with the us every year than the entire russian gdp , and the us is china 's biggest energy supplier . 
  virtually every chinese elite 's children are educated in and/or live in the us too . 
  china also holds more us debt than anyone outside the us . 
  undermining the current economic order and the us economy is pretty much the absolute * last * thing china would want to do , at least for the time being . 
  who said that ? 
  that 's not even close to the most common response or reasoning behind the anti-is arguments ... 
  dude , go look at any rally for anything involving islam and you see palestinian flags ( among others , but usually the organisers aggressively ban them ) . 
  people are just stupid . 
  at the anti-nato protests the people had palestinian flags and that had nothing to do with that crap at all . 
  and again , if you think that wars fought thousands of miles away are the sort of nonsense for merkel to involve herself in , great . 
  what about the far bloodier wars being waged in syria , pakistan , nigeria , somalia , iraq , afghanistan , egypt , etc. ? 
  more people have died in all of those than the gaza thing and neither merkel nor you are calling for any attention to be paid there . 
  and again :  if muslims in europe are unable to grasp that israel and jews are not the same , i guess it 's fair for everyone to consider them terrorists ? 
  it 's a complete cop-out to say `` oh that already happens so its ok '' and pretend that line of thinking is not completely idiotic . 
  stop infantilising muslims and pretending they are idiots incapable of rational thought . 
  no but it 's probably the real reason he did . 
  his justification is always racist nonsense about ethnic russians . 
  india and pakistan have actually had several wars even after acquiring nukes though . 
  the reason there have n't been any wars recently though is because both countries have had other concerns -- india had huge economic problems that are now being resolved , so growth is the priority , and pakistan is full of terrorists who the government has been at war with for decades now . 
  pakistan no longer sees india as a threat and india no longer cares about pakistan . 
  plus , `` west pakistan '' hates pakistan now and goes by bangladesh . 
  yep , it sounds bad but it 's true . 
  the poor are on average less intelligent , less hardworking , less responsible , more criminal , etc. 
  than the rich . 
  none of this is meant to insult ; it 's just true . 
  if you truly care about improving your society and helping those people , address those problem ( among others ) . 
  any leftist politician who will seriously help the poor is n't a fool and knows all this . 
  only idealistic fools `` love '' the poor and see them as `` better '' people -- and those idealists do n't actually do anything that changes the situation . 
  geography does n't matter that much anymore with modern aircraft ( helicopters anyone ? ), 
  and long-range artillery ( which russia has a huge amount of ) . 
  although in fairness they would n't actually reveal what they * actually * think is the most important thing , since the us military usually quietly deploys their most advanced gear for years before people find out about it . 
  they had stealth fighters for over a decade before the world knew , an internal working internet , long-range satellite-controlled drones , etc. 
  honestly i 'd bet its robotic weaponry that they are seriously trying to develop for the future . 
  the only thing that really restrains the us military is the public 's resistance to suffering american casualties -- if they can avoid that nobody cares . 
  the drone program is tremendously popular in the us for example and it removes all political risk for politicians involved . 
  it 's also pretty awesome to invade a country knowing nobody on your side will ever die . 
  insurgency becomes pointless if there 's nobody to target with ieds or to kidnap . 
  anything to waste the enemy ' stone even if it does n't so any serious damage . 
  a minefield for example is easily clearable for a force like the russian army , but it takes time and that 's all latvia would really need . 
  in ~ 12 hours the us would have complete air superiority and in ~ 48 hours european forces would dominate the ground . 
  nato is completely unrelated to china though so that 's irrelevant . 
  a lot of people had an affinity for bush . 
  they also thought he was stupid and a terrible leader . 
  yeah , london is perfect evidence that this would not be the case at all ... 
  whenever i go on holiday i bring my body armour , rifle , and tank . 
  also sunscreen . 
  is n't rob ford in charge of more people and a larger economy than ilves ? 
  i 'd be more amazed if someone like obama legitimately had a twitter account he used more than twice a year . 
  the problem is the russian government has lied about borders and armed incursions several times in the last few months , and has openly admitted to lying after the fact in many of those cases ( see : crimea ) . 
  it 's a reverse ` boy who cried wolf ' scenario now -- nobody in their right mind is going to trust the russian government on anything regarding international politics anymore for a long time . 
  like the us could claim tomorrow that the russian government fired at americans soldiers in a nato border country and 95 % of people would believe the us side of the story even if it was completely made up . 
  and that would be entirely russia 's fault for ruining its image so badly by lying its arse off nonstop . 
  this is so stupid though . 
  putin is basically guaranteeing thousands of american troops will be on his borders , only a couple of hours from st petersburg . 
  i thought he was a shrewd tactician , but this is the sort of thing you 'd expect the us to do so they can have a pretext for a military buildup except russia did it to themselves ... 
  i distinctly remember it happening a couple months ago . 
  google it ; some muslim guy chopped off his ex-girlfriend 's head after getting dumped . 
  obama grew up abroad and that was n't an issue except for people who did n't like him for other reasons . 
  i 've only seen him since he 's been in the news and pretty much every quote was lame . 
  is this stuff part of his act or is it just a non-comedic sideshow ? 
  like there are plenty of good jew jokes out there , but evoking the holocaust and talking about ovens is n't really hilarious at all ... 
  you guys could take canada though , and you 'd finally be the best at hockey . 
  also bacon . 
  i see no reason why you should n't welcome the new world order ... 
  well the thing is , not even two years ago the ukrainian population was extremely pro-russia and ambivalent at best about the west ( and fairly anti-us ) . 
  that has entirely changed in an astonishingly small amount of time . 
  russia will probably end up `` winning '' in the sense they get a vassal state in parts of eastern ukraine , but in the broader sense they will lose . 
  the country once closest to russia is now extremely pro-western through russia 's own doing . 
  what good is it to get a loyal puppet in a small part of eastern ukraine if doing so means creating an enemy of the rest of the country ? 
  i mean , for everyone but the russian politicians whose stature has been boosted by recent events ... 
  destroy russia ? 
  destroy russia 's imperial ambitions ? 
  yes , absolutely . 
  europe has come a long way from its horrible past and is for the first time an overwhelmingly peaceful and prosperous continent . 
  we should not allow russia to challenge that . 
  the struggle to get where we are today is not something we can just ignore and throw away because vladimir putin wishes it . 
  nobody i know wishes any ill on the russian people ; we want russia to find a new path just like us . 
  russia is a phenomenally resource-rich land , rivalled only by america in terms of natural wealth . 
  imagine a liberal democratic russia with accountable government and transparent institutions -- it would be the envy of the world and highly sought-after as an ally by the eu and the us among others . 
  and this is n't some impossible dream either ; there have been far worse leaders than putin in every single western country and we 've moved beyond that . 
  does n't the us give them like 90 % of their aid ? 
  pulling ours would n't do anything . 
  do we give anything to gaza though ? 
  that seems foolish given that their government is n't exactly something we want to support . 
  even the arab world other than qatar hates them . 
  his logic makes no sense and he 's not funny at all ... 
  it 's because his chin 's missing . 
  people like that always look surprised .
