  it would 've looked so bad if someone in germany tried to stop an anti-nazi song though ... 
  oh i thought you meant asian like the british meaning of the word , whoops . 
  ( like indian/pakistani/bangladeshi ) edit : by the way , how is that map accurate at all ? 
  why would the us have a smaller penis size than europe ? 
  americans are only a few generations descended from europeans , only they also have a much larger population descended from africans . 
  given that evolutionary factors could not possibly have any effect in such a short timespan , i fail to see how it could ever be even remotely possible that the us would have a smaller penis size than most of europe . 
  am i missing something ? 
  does mixing white and black somehow result in a smaller penis size than either of them separately ? 
  it would n't have a living host anymore and would no longer pose any threat . 
  it ca n't even be transmitted through the air , which demonstrates just how little `` survivability '' it has outside a host . 
  not to mention , even the flu is far deadlier in absolute terms , although the vast majority of infected people are fine . 
  the threat a disease poses is based on two things : ( 1 ) its deadliness ; and ( 2 ) the ease of transmission . 
  ebola is deadly but does n't spread easily , so it 's not particularly dangerous . 
  something like smallpox on the other hand has a fairly long incubation period where the infected person would be completely unaware they were ill in any way . 
  as a result , it could spread far more easily and kill a lot more people . 
  are there a lot of asians in germany ? 
  never seen many or heard of this before -- it mostly seems like turkish people and some arabs . 
  in a way it 's the `` nice '' thing to finance it lets russians off the look . 
  sure people could blame russia and russians for being huge cocks , but that would be a lot ruder than just blaming putin and pretending the russian people have nothing to do with it . 
  china is n't russia 's ally by the way , it is one of russia 's primary rivals ( probably more so than the eu , which will become more evident as china begins to toughen up its foreign policy . 
  it 's true the two have an unwritten agreement in the unsc to back each other , but that 's only because the us/uk/france all do the same too . 
  did you not see the big gas deal china signed last month with russia ? 
  china basically stole russian gas at highly exploitative prices without giving anything in return because russia was being sanctioned by the west and china saw an opportunity to rip the russians off easily . 
  they 're self-interested . 
  when it suits them they back russia , but given the opportunity they fuck them over too . 
  it 'll get interesting over the next few decades as china begins to dominate the region and russia finds itself the weaker power in asia . 
  not to mention , the large ethnic chinese population in eastern russia could be a problem the same way ethnic russians in europe are today . 
  also , something about veal . 
  because yummy ? 
  put it this way : if the usa and brazil were to play a game tomorrow , the betting odds would not be heavily one-sided . 
  that alone should be as embarrassing to you as to me . 
  it 's like their 5th biggest sport ... 
  and you 're arguing this is a common perception or what the noi used to argue ? 
  come on ... 
  they were stupid racists but they were n't * that * stupid . 
  it would make a good lighthearted television comedy , right ? 
  but yeah , tons of them have to be fbi agents and stuff . 
  obviously not the majority , but i 'd find it hard to believe several hundred active accounts are not bogus . 
  his father was black ; his mother was white . 
  hence , he is half-black ( as in , half his parentage was black ) . 
  if your parents were chinese , then you would be chinese ( as in your parentage was entirely chinese ) . 
  of course this only refers to ethnicity . 
  no , i can guarantees you that every single government and business leader * does * indeed care about those ratings agencies and i have no idea why you would think otherwise . 
  your government can not borrow except under the most strict and demanding terms from lenders of last resort with a poor debt rating , so this absolutely matters a great deal . 
  look at greece for an example of a nation with junk debt ; they have to borrow directly from foreign governments and in return do exactly what those governments force them to . 
  sexual content is not legally allowed if minors are allowed inside the facility , so they could simply ban children from using public transport but that 's obviously not happening . 
  and violence is n't banned -- there is plenty of violence in film ads up all the time . 
  * inciting * violence is banned as it has always been under free speech laws . 
  the entire point of free speech is to allow people to offend . 
  legally there 's no way around it . 
  if they allowed a religious ad in the future , the atheist group that was previously rejected would have more than enough grounds to bring forward a lawsuit . 
  by banning it all they no longer have to `` pick sides '' and get to avoid controversy entirely . 
  the settlers are basically the jewish hamas . 
  there 's fundamentally no difference ; they both think their religion gives them the right to push people of other faiths out and both are willing to use violence to achieve that goal . 
  the only actually difference is that although the settlers are n't * technically * as powerful , they have a very powerful military behind them and they hold israeli citizenship which ensures their protection . 
  hamas is a joke compared to the idf . 
  no they were , and it even mentioned jihad . 
  but obviously there was an implied characterisation of all palestinians there so it was hardly a fair poster . 
  they were n't * technically * being racist but they were clearly trying to stir up racism . 
  they compared white people to monkeys ? 
  what ? 
  i know they were racist but i 'm fairly sure they did n't try to do that if only because it makes no sense physically . 
  the bnp is tiny and insignificant and the freedom party is n't really racist so much as anti-islam ; it has plenty of non-white european members . 
  agreed but the rest of those concerns are shared by pretty much all of us . 
  the average briton does not particularly like the nsa/gchq 's actions and we all have our own concerns as well , but it is n't a central political issue anywhere else in the world but germany . 
  there is no similar public uproar in spain or france or italy , and even brazil more-or-less dropped the issue . 
  i would still contend the primary reason germany is an outlier in the intensity of outrage is its historical experience with a surveillance state . 
  that is not something we or the americans or the french have ever really had and broadly speaking , we 've never been afraid of our governments in any remotely similar way . 
  that does n't mean we think it 's okay they spy on us , but it means we do n't fear it so much as disapprove . 
  it 's worth noting the german government is n't actually reacting very strongly all things considered . 
  i suspect this is because they have known about the nsa 's operations ( although probably without specific details ) and have done similar things themselves . 
  i ca n't remember exactly where i saw this , but i remember seeing some american intelligence official claiming they provided the german government with specific intelligence to prevent terrorist activities within germany itself , which would seem to indicate the bnd knew the nsa was operating in germany years ago . 
  this would make sense though -- let 's not forget that several of the 9/11 hijackers and planners were radicalised and resided in germany . 
  yes ... 
  the paranoia toward surveillance has little to do with the nsa 's historical role and everything to do with the east germany government and the stasi . 
  this concern for privacy is n't new to the last 2 years ; it existed long before the average person knew what the nsa was . 
  and it 's not replicated anywhere else in the west . 
  yes , we care about our privacy , but not even remotely to the extent you guys do . 
   those weapons might eventually be used on themselves or their allies, 
  everyone does that , but the point is nobody is afraid those weapons might eventually be used on themselves or their allies . 
  like if the us or germany sell tanks to the saudis , neither have any serious concerns that those tanks will someday be headed to washington or berlin . 
  selling to morally bankrupt regimes is a moral issue ( but yes , there 's a lot of moral hypocrisy involved ) . 
  selling to your own geopolitical enemies is another thing entirely . 
  america is n't going to sell fighter jets to north korea any time soon . 
  for the right wing it does n't have anything to do with actually being french so much as being `` foreign '' . 
  they tried the same thing with obama and indonesia/kenya too , as well as the whole emphasis on `` hussein '' . 
  the good thing is those sorts of insults do n't actually work and end up making them look bad . 
  it 's the best care i know of , but obviously not for everyone . 
  maybe someone else does it better but generally the nhs is held up as the gold standard and my current healthcare is far preferable . 
  but at the same time , a lot of people ca n't get the treatment they need and i 'm glad the government finally tried to address then problem . 
  but yeah , both sides were spreading ridiculous misinformation and pretending only the other side were full of it . 
  reddit is basically like fox , maybe with a little less fact-checking . 
  all the europeans outside the us on reddit have such a warped view of what this place is actually like . 
  only ideologues said only the rich get treatment in the us . 
  the healthcare debate is full of liars on both sides . 
  85 % of americans had some of the best health coverage in the world before obamacare . 
  85 % is not `` only the rich '' . 
  and as someone with experience in britain with the nhs it 's objectively true that healthcare in the us is way better than back home -- it 's faster , they cover more , and you have a lot more choice . 
  the problem is none of this applies if you 're in the 15 % without coverage . 
  ah thanks his flair is cut off in alien blue .
