  they still have enough nukes to destroy the world . 
  the only real risk is that in the future when the us gets its dividends from paying for israel 's iron dome ( the only reason the usg funds it is to get the tech for themselves eventually ) , they might not have enough to get past all the missile defence systems . 
  but it gives you a currency you can use far more easily in large amounts . 
  that 's basically why saudi arabia and china buy up so much american debt -- their own currencies are worthless in terms of trade since nobody trusts either or would ever accept them in the first place . 
  but obviously norway does n't need to spend a lot of money at once so they have no real reason to invest in us treasury assets . 
  ransoms absolutely account for a * huge * amount of their income , probably the majority . 
  [ last year ransoms earned jihadist groups $ 66m usd ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2014/07/30/world/africa/ransoming-citizens-europe-becomes-al-qaedas-patron.html ) . 
  from that same nyt article ( which exposed the ransom payments in the first place and brought all this out into the open ) :  in its early years , al qaeda received most of its money from deep-pocketed donors , but counterterrorism officials ** now believe the group finances the bulk of its recruitment , training and arms purchases from ransoms paid to free europeans ** . 
  we ( well europe , not the uk ) are unwittingly financing the atrocities that we then rightfully condemn and that cause huge upheavals of immigrants to our countries . 
   let 's help the moderate muslims in our own countries yes , and also while we 're at it let 's prevent ghettoisation of immigrant areas . 
  the big problems with extremism do n't arise just because people are muslim but because they are muslim in an impoverished , exclusively islamic environment . 
  parts of london and paris ( and malmo ) should not look like beirut or tehran . 
   protect them from threats and assaults so that they can be public about it without having to fear for their lives what threats ? 
  muslims in pretty much all of western europe are more at risk from radical islamist violence than from islamophobic attacks , and virtually every documented `` attack '' is just someone saying a nasty word or acting disrespectfully . 
  even the fascists in groups like the edl do n't assault muslims and at their worst they vandalise mosques when they 're empty in the middle of the night . 
  as for profiling , i agree but it 's never going to really stop until the threat of terrorism is a thing of the past . 
  it 's very difficult to argue we should not pay a little more attention to conspicuous muslims if the primary purpose of airport security in the first place is to prevent radical muslims from hijacking or blowing up planes . 
  ( let 's be honest here : airport security is n't meant to really stop anyone else even if it does . ), 
  plus the cost of living in some parts of the us is lower than in most of eastern europe ( even the bad parts ) , which is kind of unbelievable but true . 
  and these are n't just places out in the middle of nowhere isolated from civilisation either . 
  the entire goal of fox is to undermine the current president and his administration . 
  it 's biased but it 's literally the opposite thing ... 
  except civil unrest is probably at an all-time low in the us . 
  did you really forget the huge rioting that used to happen regularly in previous decades ? 
  remember rodney king ? 
  nothing even remotely close has happened since . 
  ferguson was a few hundred people in some small town in the middle of nowhere looting the local supermarket . 
  they are n't really poor though . 
  even the homeless in america lead healthier and safer lives than more than half the world , and one hour of begging in any us city earns you more money than a month 's work in half of asia and africa . 
  the american poverty line is above half of europe 's average income ... 
  the ferguson riots had like 200 people at most participating ... 
  the us population is 315m . 
  no idea what you 're even talking about to be honest . 
  there have been much bigger riots for centuries in the us and the population was a lot smaller then . 
  it did n't collapse or even come remotely close . 
  do what china and saudi arabia do and buy american debt . 
  you answered your own question . 
  also , even if it was all pork it would n't really matter since the refugees in kurdistan are refugees * precisely because they are not muslim * in the first place . 
  it does n't matter though since neither the uk or is even formally declared war against each other . 
  and of course , the uk does n't legally recognise is as a state anyway . 
  it 's also basically impossible to get a treason conviction these days anyway . 
  fighting for is is not a treasonous act since the uk and is have not formally declared war against each other nor does the uk even recognize is . 
  treason laws need to be restructured now that actual declared warfare between nation-states is a thing largely of the past . 
  usually judges make decisions based on their state constitutions but when they make a ruling it gets appealed federally and a federal circuit court judge rules based on the us constitution instead ( which takes precedence over states ' ones ) . 
  so you end up with a state ruling one way and a month later a federal judge says '' no you 're wrong '' at which point their only option is to appeal to higher federal courts ( and eventually the supreme court ) . 
  basically think of it like the eu where every state has its own legal system but there is an overarching one they ca n't violate ( echr or whatever ) . 
  the biggest misunderstanding people here have about the us is the federal system of government -- states there have powers even sovereign nations in the eu do n't . 
  petrol is like a quarter of the price we pay over there . 
  maybe more actually for denmark , since the uk has cheaper prices than most of europe . 
  it 's actually not a major cost to commute in the us/can . 
  why even make this comment ? 
  nothing i said is untrue and if you were raised muslim you would n't disagree either . 
  it is very heavily implied that violence is not only acceptable but necessary ( and in some places it is explicitly stated as such ) . 
  of course you need to keep the cultural context in mind -- the early muslims lived in the medieval world and had they not been able to act violently they would have been wiped out -- but still , that does not change the text of the holy book . 
  the early christians by contrast lived in an empire where the government in rome and its legions had a monopoly on violence . 
  that 's why their religious texts call for a lot less violence and do n't go into politics at all . 
  that 's not really the point though -- even though the kurdish candidate received more kurdish votes than erdo\u011fan , he still needed a large enough share of the kurdish vote to win and they played the role of kingmaker . 
  had more of them voted for \u0130hsano\u011flu instead , erdo\u011fan would have needed a runoff . 
  not european ? 
  last time this came up in a post here everyone was overwhelmingly against it , so i fail to see how geography does n't matter to people . 
  honestly imo there would n't really be a problem , but for obvious reasons neither would ever agree to join since the eu does n't really have anything positive to offer them . 
  then why are n't america , australia and canada already in the eu ? 
  they 're more culturally and economically similar to most of the founding eu members than many of the newer ones . 
  of course geography matters . 
  turkey is already openly in favour of an independent iraqi kurdistan . 
  how do you think the kurds have been exporting their oil if not through turkey ? 
  and erdogan/akp rely on the kurdish vote to win elections . 
  yes , but not everywhere ... at least in comparison to the us , this has always been the case so it makes sense that nbc would be worried about it . 
  american muslims are mostly iranian exiles or lebanese who fled the civil war , not people particularly inclined to favour jihadist nonsense . 
  so the idea that people are openly calling for jihad here is terrifying to them , * especially * to their muslims ( who would be the primary targets of any such jihad were it to take place ) . 
  idk man , religion does seem to play a huge role at least here ( or if not religion itself , religious culture ) . 
  the best and most obvious example i can think of is the difference between indian hindu and muslim immigrants to the uk -- the former are one of the best educated , least criminal , best integrated , wealthiest minority groups while the latter are far more criminal , score worse in school , and much more prone to violence and terrorism . 
  as far as i know there has n't actually been a british indian hindu or sikh terrorist nor has anyone from those communities ever even been arrested on suspicion , while their countrymen from islamic backgrounds are like half the terror suspects we see getting arrested in london . 
  this is how every country everywhere is . 
  that 's the nature of rural vs urban political dynamics . 
  turkish kurds are in a comprehensive peace deal with the government and they voted for erdogan , who sees them as a constituency to favour . 
  the leader of the pkk has been talking to the turks for years now and they renounced violence against the turkish army . 
  turkey is very much in favour of an independent iraqi kurdistan and they have been allowing the kurds to export oil through turkey ( kurdistan in iraq is landlocked ) against the wishes of baghdad . 
  it 's not a secret or anything . 
  those are unneeded/old weapons that the us was going to scrap since the cost of getting them back to their original us bases was prohibitive and the us army does n't want them . 
  they offered them to greece for free but greece declined so they decided to just put them in a norwegian cave rather than scrap them ( which would cost more ) . 
  if there was ever a war with russia the us army would n't actually go use those tanks or anything . 
  one of the main reasons 2/3rd feel that way though is * because * of how dissenting views are treated . 
  `` if everyone says more immigration is great and only evil racists disagree , then it must be undeniably great ! '', 
  it 's a less extreme version of how russian society works with public opinion , where people overwhelmingly hold certain views simply * because * they hear nothing else . 
  yes and what 's your point ? 
  many countries have free speech , but most do not stifle debate the same way as in sweden . 
  it is n't a problem with free speech really , it 's a problem with the prevailing political culture . 
  there 's no way in hell europe would be okay with letting israel or egypt have their way with terrorists even though it would be extremely effective ... 
  stigletz has been wrong about everything he said in the us too . 
  the man was predicting a depression and what he got instead was a single quarter of recession . 
  well yes , because hundreds of people are still going to syria to join isil ... 
  the entire world media was focused on some ghetto small town in a country of 315m for a week when some random american black kid was shot and they wasted a month on a missing plane in the indian ocean carrying ~ 150 passengers from a country of 1.1 b. 
  why would you expect anything different here ? 
  at least this time they 're acting a * little * more reasonably proportionally although they 're still being wholly irrational . 
  there are several docs on it if you 're interested . 
  newsnight had one a while back and it was terrifying . 
  [ economically ? 
  absolutely . 
  how could you even dispute that ?
