  that 's debatable for a lot of syrians though . 
  people from syrian cities would be far less `` at home '' in a place like saudi arabia than in germany because their lifestyles were mostly secular and did n't involve sharia at all . 
  not to mention , non-sunni muslims could never really live there with any semblance of comfort or security . 
  they 'd definitely be more at home in the less conservative gulf states though , but those are run like slave states and they do n't let poor people in except as labourers . 
  having $ 5000 to spend between your family ( and possibly extended family ) is still pretty poor and there is no way you 're buying nice clothes ... are you serious ? 
  yes but it does mean you are n't wealthy , or you would 've just stayed in turkey where you would be pretty well-off and could eventually legally go to a western european country if you so desired . 
  it 's the middle and lower classes of their societies who are taking boats and walking across the balkans , and remember that middle class in syria even before the war would have been considered extremely poor by our standards . 
  even the muslims do n't go to wealthy gulf states though , because if they tried they 'd get deported . 
  i do n't have the exact figures on hand but i know for a fact that all of the gulf states combined have accepted fewer than 500 syrian refugees over the last few years . 
  i 'd bet serious money their clothes are from donations so i do n't know why you 're using that to show they are n't poor . 
  there is no way they bought those clothes . 
  and btw , what about their clothes is high-end ? 
  do you live in a slum or something ? 
  and most of the other nazis hated those guys . 
  it will be similar if your country is a commodities exporter , but afaik no country in europe other than norway is so we 'll be fine . 
  scotland is having some trouble too but its economy is tiny compared to the uk so they 'll be fine as well . 
  a lot of developing countries are going to suffer enormously though ( others will benefit however , like india ) . 
  how do they come up with this stuff ? 
  drugs ? 
  was this the spy plane that was fleeing russian fighters ? 
  i remember reading about that a while ago . 
  basically some spy plane was being buzzed by russian jets and was afraid it would get into a collision that would force a landing , and then the russians would steal everything onboard ( apparently this happened with the chinese once in the past ) . 
  so the spy plane immediately went out of international airspace on the assumption that getting into trouble and being grounded in finland/sweden was far preferable to getting captured in russia . 
  how old did she think cyrillic was ? 
  wow for such a sophisticated agency their logo is utter shite . 
  a lot of the editors are just doing it for fun though , at least that 's what i think . 
  some of the pages are hilariously tongue-in-cheek and absurd to the point that you know whoever wrote it was just trolling . 
  not any time soon ? 
  what you did was gamble , not invest . 
  it was ** absolutely ** clear there would be further drops . 
  the only reason the original declines were contained was because the government began buying up stocks , not because anything structurally changed . 
  the only question was how big the later drops would be . 
  in developing countries and * maybe * some parts of europe . 
  not so much in major importers or north america though . 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  the crisis in china has been going on for several months now and the biggest drop in stock value happened over a month ago . 
  what in the world were you thinking ? 
  none of this came out of the blue at all ... 
  yea that 's what usually happens . 
  it 's pretty rare for major bubbles to emerge and usually they 're isolated to small sectors of the economy ( usa tech bubble a decade ago , global commodities bubble today , etc ) . 
  right now we 're dealing with the aftershocks of a massive boom in commodities the effects are huge on many developing nations . 
  europe and other developed regions ( along with commodities importers like india ) are doing much better even if we 're feeling the effects . 
  sure but the poll they 're citing is perfectly legitimate and seems objective as far as i can tell . 
  wish they had n't combined the first two options because as it 's worded you ca n't really tell if people favour more or the same . 
  shocking !, 
  they 're still trying to defend the nazis in here ... wow . 
  what ? 
  france , italy , and the uk started that one . 
  obama did n't want to get involved but eventually did after european lobbying . 
  the usa was mostly fine with gaddafi by then since he took a much more reasonable position with them after he saw them depose saddam . 
  usa 's net migration is something like a million per year though . 
  the figure above is only for refugees . 
  at least the kardashians do n't get taxpayers ' money . 
  / r/murica is leaking ... 
  the guy with the injuries said a frenchman tried to stop the terrorist too and is a hero , so there 's that . 
  but since he never went public , what is there to report ? 
  the bbc mentioned him but that 's all they know . 
  and to be honest the people who went public looked super uncomfortable and probably just want to go home now . 
  plus , they 'd suddenly become the hero of the fn which they probably do n't want . 
  a bunch of foreigners , one of whom is black , wo n't . 
  countries like the usa and canada will have even more agricultural production as the climate gets warmer . 
  food is n't really one of the big concerns . 
  nigeria is more than capable of feeding its people . 
  that 's really not even a serious concern . 
  on the other hand , most people in the world want more than just food and if nigerians want serious opportunities they are going to try to immigrate to europe , which will probably cause major issues in the future . 
  but starvation is almost certainly not going to happen . 
  in several engineering fields the unemployment rate in the usa is too low and companies are trying to get immigrants so the labour markets are more competitive . 
  meanwhile in some parts of southern europe people in those same fields are completely out of work or are working in unrelated fields . 
  not funded by the saudis . 
  they hate aj because it 's a muslim brotherhood mouthpiece . 
  it is however funded almost entirely by the qataris , which explains why it 's so fucked up . 
  they had a talk show where the host discussed the validity of genocide against religious minorities . 
  they do it in rural areas or woodlands where they would n't expect to see people in the first place . 
  they do n't do infrared searches of populated areas because that would be 100 % useless . 
  if you know a fugitive is hiding out in the wilderness it 's an easy way to locate them though . 
  `` white flight '' is n't inherently racist and it was n't just limited to white people -- middle class blacks and other minorities also took part in it . 
  it 's just called `` white flight '' because most middle class people in the usa are white . 
  the same phenomenon exists everywhere though . 
  as large numbers of poor people move into a city , the city inevitably becomes more dangerous and less desirable to live in . 
  after a few major incidences take place ( like attacks or riots ) , those who can afford to leave do so . 
  how could you even tell ? 
  for all you know it 's just a friend or family member sleeping . 
  some other news site had a picture of them somewhere in germany ( ? ), 
  taking selfies with a selfie stick . 
  all i could think was how annoying they must have been before they saved 500 lives later that week ... 
  no the daily mail showed his picture and he was just a fat guy with curly hair whose neck was wounded . 
  he was apparently outside the toilet 's door when the gunman opened it , and after he was attacked the soldiers charged the gunman . 
  there is ? 
  catholic immigration , black people , and evangelical christians . 
  middle/upper-class whites who are n't evangelical or mormon do n't really have many children . 
  is it over the actual city though ? 
  usually they do that over large bodies of water if possible . 
  for whatever reason the mail always has so much better pictures than any other source for pretty much every story . 
  the text is just nonsense though . 
  millions upon millions of europeans went to america though . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  the biggest population movements in human history were of europeans migrating to the usa and even today something like 80 % of americans are mostly of european ethnic backgrounds . 
  the sophisticated plots get broken up all the time and are n't really feasible anymore , at least not in the western world . 
  whenever those guys try to acquire explosives or other essential equipment they get caught be security services who are now apparently thoroughly embedded within the black market for those kinds of goods .
