  the ruling gives people the illusion of freedom while silently censoring then information they have access to . 
  it 's gon na be funny when they start importing from north america to fill the gap . 
  yeah but is n't that the point ? 
  it 's a voluntary defence organisation so nobody * has * to do that stuff anyways . 
  so much better than being a vassal state . 
  sa has a stronger economy than russia now ... , 
  free trade with the moon !, 
  aw yeah !, 
  broken skin on hands in food preparation ... 
  associating nationalism with the government is not really terribly common though and is a staple of authoritarian societies rather than those with open electoral politics . 
  in most liberal democracies you can be nationalistic/patriotic and still despise your government -- in many cases despising your government is actually * what makes you * a `` good patriot '' in the first place . 
  i mean like military-wise . 
  some countries are way more pro-us but they 're pretty pointless as allies . 
  yeah , oil would have to be like $ 1000/barrel for people to even consider stuff like this , and that is n't happening for centuries . 
  there is no way in hell any of these things are even remotely cost-efficient . 
  again , you 're ignoring the subject at hand . 
  [ you claimed that the situation in palestine was a genocide as per a definition you cited [ ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2coa3k/baroness_warsi_quits_as_foreign_office_minister/cjiauw0 ) . 
  that definition was complete bs , which is * exactly * what i pointed out . 
  you 're now changing the subject because you are well aware that i was right in my assertion that your definition was crap . 
  * every * war ever fought is a genocide under those terms , and when i asked you to show me an example that was not a `` genocide '' you responded by naming a war that was n't even really a war . 
  again , that definition is nonsense . 
  every * actual * war ever fought is a genocide if you 're going to stand by that position . 
   i do not consider wars genocidal that are proportionate . 
  good , the two of us are now in agreement . 
  but the link you cited does not agree with us and defines every armed conflict as a genocide . 
  i 'm not even defending israel ; i 'm stating that your terminology is idiotic because it makes no logical sense . 
  before you make judgements as to my opinions on the israel/palestine affair read my comment history , but at the same time do not just throw out words like genocide . 
  i live in the us now , but i lived in the uk for like 90 % of my life before that and i go back home all the time . 
  i can say with pretty high confidence that no us state is worse than everywhere in the uk and you honestly have no idea how people live in places like cornwall and lincolnshire ( average incomes half that of your worst states ) . 
  it 's okay though , a lot of people in britain forget about them too unfortunately . 
  most of your `` positive '' points are either stereotypes about an idealised england ( americans do this all the time and it 's kinda annoying to me at this point , although i like how my accent makes me seem more intelligent than i really am ) or they 're incredibly minor things that do n't matter at all . 
  and some of it is just untrue : our infrastructure is just as bad as yours ( so is most of western europe 's for that matter ) , our history is n't really much `` cleaner '' than yours ( we were an imperial power for christ 's sake ) , your government is more outwardly chaotic but actually gets way more done than ours does , tort law here is almost certainly used in idiotic ways , our left and right are n't really that different unless you count ukip , our `` culture '' is just a modified version of your `` culture '' at this point , and of course , our education most certainly is * not * better than yours -- higher education is the reason i moved to the us in the first place . 
  i 'm so tired of having to explain to dumb americans that britain is not just some combination of sherlock , james bond and the royal family . 
  too bad it crashed the global economy when they brought it all over . 
  yeah , i understand why americans want to become isolationist again or at least stop worrying about other countries . 
  you 're probably right too , but luckily for us your government does n't listen to you and do the selfish but smart thing . 
  i 'd be angry as well if my tax money went to benefit people abroad instead of at home . 
  anywhere in the uk * is not * nicer than your home state , even if you live in some redneck part of the south . 
  your poorest states have similar incomes to the uk average and there are plenty of impoverished parts of our country . 
  i think it 's probably worse here to be honest because people ca n't just pick up and move far away to an entirely new place like they can in the us unless they speak french or german or whatever . 
  poor people in alabama can move to new york very easily if their prospects are negative at home . 
  i was more talking about people like anjem choudary , who also constantly preach hate and violence but will never be deported . 
  he is n't going to be tortured by anyone nor is that even a concern , but he is free to rant in london and inspire violent jihadists with complete impunity . 
  worth noting those figures include people who are n't tourists in the traditional sense that they 're visiting a new place for the first time but also people who emigrated and acquired foreign citizenship . 
  that 's one of the main reasons some countries you would n't normally expect are so high . 
  a lot of people around the world have family in china even though they no longer hold citizenship . 
  ugh , citing al-jazeera on israel is like citing rt on ukraine ... 
  ehh , the secularists have n't exactly been ideal democrats themselves either . 
  how many coups have they been behind so far ? 
  erdogan made a lot of necessary reforms that pissed off many powerful interests , but then he went way too far for himself and the akp . 
  are troops being kept in norway ? 
  i thought this was basically just cold storage . 
  but if you want examples where the presence of us soldiers is more benign the uk is a good example , but nobody really opposes that here except leftists in london . 
  the people in towns near bases are pretty enthusiastic because it helps local economies a lot . 
  is n't russia just as corrupt anyway ? 
  but the us has a no-first-use doctrine in place , meaning if russia were to stupidly throw a nuke out there , they would open the door to massive retaliation . 
  is that a risk anyone would be willing to take ? 
  and even if putin ordered it because he feared his own political career was over ( and of course , once he loses power he 'll almost certainly go to prison ) , would his generals follow through ? 
  why would they not rather seek peace for something close to status quo ante bellum ? 
  they have everything to lose and nothing to gain ... 
  nobody , but we care about nato and the eu enough to defend those treaties to the death . 
  people always say the us would n't fight for eastern europe but they ignore the fact that the us has never broken a treaty before and obama would never be willing to be the first president to do so ( and if he tried , he 'd be impeached ) . 
  if russia outright invades ukraine , nato do n't intervene but will almost certainly provide advanced arms and cripple the russian economy and the rouble . 
  ukraine would be able to take down virtually any russian aircraft and vehicle and it would be an extremely messy fight for russia , one that they probably would not be willing to take . 
  and afterwards , what would they have to show for it ? 
  mass poverty ? 
  have jdl killed anyone in recent times ? 
  if they 're still actively operating as a terrorist group ban them , but afaik they have n't done that stuff in a while and if we banned them we 'd also have to ban a huge number of islamic organisations too ( like the mb for example ) . 
  the problem for human rights groups is they naturally attract people with certain political views and predetermined notions of right and wrong ( obviously this is unavoidable , but still ... ) . 
  this helps their work move forward since no human rights organisation could really function with a bunch of cynical hawks as employees , but it also heavily biases their outlook to the point where they oftentimes fail to acknowledge that the weaker side in conflicts bear any blame , and that innocent deaths are not always the fault of whoever fired the missile . 
  the wild frenzy over us drone usage comes to mind : in pakistan a minuscule number of victims were civilians and the vast majority were insurgents , yet because those insurgents were completely powerless to fight back they were portrayed as victims while the us was labeled the murderer . 
  this was despite the fact that those insurgents had killed tens of thousands of civilians over the same time period . 
  and it ignored the fact that the rate of civilian casualties actually made the drone campaign * the cleanest form of warfare , bar none , that has ever been conducted in the entirety of human history . 
  * yes , it had even fewer civilian casualties than when people had to kill each other with spears and swords . 
  ok maybe , and if radical jewish terrorism becomes a problem we can ban them from coming back . 
  to date though , it has n't been one . 
  there is no significant anti-western jewish terrorist movement nor is there a strain of judaism which calls for the mass murder of european christians and muslims . 
  whenever jews returning from israel begin bombing buses and trains and airliners , we can see about blocking them from coming here . 
  you do in countries with conscription ... 
  also how does she reconcile her views on israel/gaza with syria ? 
  what 's happening in gaza has basically been happening in syria for three years now . 
  she 's so upset that the uk does n't do anything here , but she 's completely ok with the same taking place not even 100 miles away , on a much larger scale ? 
  it 's obvious she does n't actually care about humanitarianism ( at least not a such as she claims ) and is just trying to play sectarian politics here . 
  muslim voters now see her far more positively and it 's much easier to rally against crimes perpetrated by jews than bcy muslims , unless you 're of the far-right . 
  not in english , and it 's an english-language paper . 
  unless you 're going to argue all french papers are poor spellers for using londres ? 
  why more if they leave ? 
  i doubt trade volumes will change much at all . 
  i doubt the government killed them all , but some people did and got away with it in numbers unlike anywhere else . 
  it 's hard not to suspect powerful interests , whether government or not . 
  yeah honestly for all its faults fox does a service in the sense that it proves a free press still exists there . 
  i mean , the network blatantly lies for the sole purpose of undermining the president and they have n't in any way been punished for it -- obama even did an interview with them a few months ago . 
  imagine that happening in russia . 
  hahaha what ? 
  they 're all for some reason anti-semites ? 
  has rt always been that nuts ? 
  yeah that seems very weird to me . 
  did n't know the americans were ok with other countries commanding their troops ; in wwii they demanded their own people be put in charge if their soldiers were involved in numbers . 
  it 's useful for people commuting in the ending so they can see what it will be like after work . 
  technically it would be pretty unsafe for work in most places , but it 's safe for the public .
