  that 's far favourable to some horrible government like russia or china getting it , since both have pretty much no regard for human life . 
  also it 's an american client state and will never use those weapons against the west if it ever does use them in the future . 
  are they also opposed to exports to the us ? 
  i do n't think they can get billions since any gulf funding they receive has to be private and done hidden from both local and western authorities . 
  the gulf governments do n't fund those sorts of groups in any way and actively oppose/kill/torture them because they consider them a huge threat . 
  also , because the gulf states operate as us clients they have to try to prevent anti-american terrorists from operating . 
  what they do is fund extremist groups with localised goals , like those in syria fighting the government with the idea of broadening their influence without damaging their interests . 
  afaik saudi arabia has captured more aq members and sent them to cia prisons than anyone else . 
  and apparently sa would torture them for information because the cia could n't . 
  the best way to avoid pregnancy is to abstain from sex !, 
  am i doing it right ? 
  trick answers are fun . 
  fair enough . 
  i agree that they should just stop dragging it out too . 
  if they 're going to go full arsehole and just take the land entirely , just do it . 
  that 's what every arab country did , it 's what russia did , it 's what most of europe has done at some point ( although a while ago ) . 
  and if they have a heart , just withdraw from the west bank and end your responsibility for its residents . 
  let the palestinians make their own path forward and deal with their other neighbours . 
  of course , this would n't actually do much in gaza 's case since they withdrew a decade ago and egypt also maintains a blockade too , but still , at least then the blame is split . 
  and of course , if the government of a sovereign state attacks you , you can legitimately declare war . 
  keeping a perpetual human rights crisis that breed more and more violence/terrorism is foolish though . 
  and the level of extremism on both sides just rises generationally as people grow up with a constant warlike mentality . 
  government officials on the other side make claims even worse though . 
  i could easily turn it around on you and say : `` is your point that it 's ok to kill a few dozen since your weapons and tactics suck ? 
  it does n't matter if your stated goal is to kill all of them though , because we know you ca n't . '', 
  the point is , it is not a genocide . 
  stop calling it one . 
  you can be against israel without using stupidly hyperbolic language . 
  if they wanted a genocide , they could easily exterminate the palestinians in 2-3 days max . 
  he does n't explicitly incite violence , he talks about how british people are evil sinners who must be punished by allah 's faithful , etc. 
  but he never says `` you should go kill someone '' , instead opting for `` killing those people would be a great thing for any muslim to do '' . 
  he keeps getting dragged to court but he gets away with it because he understands the law well enough to speak carefully -- he used to be a solicitor afaik . 
  does n't change the fact that his fans cut peoples ' heads off though ... 
  it 's worth noting that they ventured past the rhine numerous times to punish germanic tribes for raiding their territory or threatening their allies , so actually bypassing the rhine was n't really an issue . 
  they just had no reason to as there was n't anything of value there that they knew of . 
  roman wars were waged for money , and no general or emperor would embark on a campaign where he did n't think he could become fabulously wealthy as a result . 
  that 's why for example major slave rebellions took so long to put down -- no general and legions really wanted to go fight a battle that would end in little glory ( killing slaves is n't special ) with no chance of making any money ( they could n't take slaves since rebelling as a slave was a capital offense and they could n't plunder their own territory ) . 
  this actually explains really well why they moved so aggressively into greek-speaking lands and went for pontus , syria , egypt , etc. 
  with so much dedication . 
  in an economy powered by conquest you go where you can make the most money . 
  only persia and india were known to romans as wealthy lands that they could n't really attempt to conquer , for a combination of logistical and tactical reasons . 
  both were far away from the biggest population centers in the empire , both fought in ways the traditional roman heavy infantry could not challenge , and both had large organised armies of their own . 
  horse archers , cataphracts , and huge indian elephants are pretty damn awesome . 
  check out dan carlin 's series on rome if you 're interested in a look at how they decided who to go to war with and what drove roman ambition . 
  / r/askhistorians loves him and it 's easy to see why . 
  based on how those wars usually went i 'm gon na guess they actually did dress similarly to that . 
  no in caesar 's civil war pompey had several legions from illyria and the surrounding area . 
  they were thoroughly romanised by this point and were n't `` foreigners '' though , the same way turkey was mostly greek . 
  and the greek intellectual base had been true since rome began expanding to the southern parts of italy . 
  every roman elite spoke at least some greek and they were all familiar with famous greek philosophy . 
  greek tutors were highly sought out for children too . 
  not a great example though since he 's an ethnic german . 
  i 'm pretty sure even the anti-immigration crowd are fine with people of their own race moving to their countries . 
  more relevant results , especially if you 're not looking for english information . 
  they 're all suited for their local markets and have separate search ranking algorithms . 
  no why would it ? 
  that 's sorta google 's snarky objective -- when china forced google to censor its results , they had to comply but then they just pushed people to use the hong kong version instead . 
  censoring the internet is a sucker 's game . 
  so what ? 
  who he is should n't matter at all and it 's completely irrelevant . 
  if he 's wrong , address the issue at hand and point out why . 
  attacking peoples ' character is stupid , especially if you know their ideas are wrong . 
  worth pointing out that those legions that were destroyed may have actually rebelled partially and joined with the locals against their commanders . 
  most of the roman soldiers in those legions were not italian but rather germanic and the leader of the germanic forces was actually latin-speaking , rome-raised , and trusted by the romans . 
  this could also explain why nobody ever found any signs of a battle there -- no weapons or armour of any sort buried underground and no graves . 
  later on the romans started stationing soldiers and auxiliaries far away from their homelands so they could n't desert or rebel as easily . 
  an iberian in egypt is n't going to run away since his only way home is through the roman fleet . 
  i wonder if jc was just trying to see how much stupid nonsense he could make people believe . 
  until the romans started throwing javelins from behind their giant shields ... man , our barbarian ancestors were idiots . 
  he looks like a fashionista . 
  no wonder you guys are so good at style stuff . 
  was that because they tried to conquer and failed or because it did n't interest them ? 
  i 'm unfamiliar with roman ambitions ( or lack thereof ) there . 
  nubia would also fit the same category i guess , as well as numidia , although both avoided conquest because they were strong opponents and willing to trade openly as friends , so the costs of conflict were n't worth it . 
  i think only persia and india were actually so militarily imposing that rome never actually seriously considered subjugating either . 
  germany was n't so scary they would n't have ever invaded ( they had several punitive incursions ) but it was n't worth the costs of conquest . 
  being a roman slave was n't even that bad unless you were one of the unlucky few who had to become gladiators or miners or whatever . 
  most roman slaves lived better than most people outside the roman empire and many slaves lived better than most roman citizens . 
  it just depended who owned you and for what purpose . 
  if you were refined or educated , there 's a good chance some noble family would have you as a tutor for their children or doing some `` intellectual '' job like accounting , in which case you 'd have a pretty great life . 
  and being a general 's or senator 's ( or hell , even the emperor 's ) body slave would have been insanely awesome . 
  slaves could own property , earn money , buy their freedom ( or be granted it by their master as was the custom upon death or after a length or loyal service ) , and upon become free had political rights and could never be enslaved again . 
  it was probably barely populated too , like not even 50000 or so . 
  i doubt people would really even call it a society . 
  they do n't lock them up . 
  i wish they did though . 
  that alternative exists because our government ca n't really do anything until people actually explicitly incite violence . 
  that 's why we have people like anjem choudary freely preaching violence in the uk and he does n't get punished in any way despite his followers murdering people as a result . 
  oh they 're from poland . 
  still an interesting background . 
  * efficient in the sense that it 's efficient for us here in europe . 
  it 's obviously hugely destructive to the lives of people in the middle east and they have to deal with some of the most horrific violence every day , oftentimes perpetrated by our psychotic countrymen who think they 're on some holy mission . 
  but i would rather have these people go to syria or iraq and murder innocents there than do the same here . 
  yeah what 's the point of this law ? 
  it does n't really work unless the eu bans the international part of the * inter * net too and i highly doubt any employer wo n't just use the . com version . 
  everyone here already was using that anyway . 
  is n't miroslav klose 's family in this category ? 
  we already have them in the uk . 
  they like to attack people and go to the middle east to become terrorists . 
  the good thing about this at least is that they usually end up dead , if not from suicide bombings and other idiotic crap then from american drones .
