  so basically every american action film . 
  the problem is that china is the second biggest market for hollywood films , so they ca n't really make chinese people the villains . 
  and nobody else is really threatening enough to be taken seriously as a tough enemy except the russians , who both american and chinese audiences can see as the bad guys fairly easily . 
  idk , the combination of those things is still worth reporting in my opinion . 
  i 'd at least rather have that happen than people just say nothing . 
  you might disagree which is perfectly reasonable , but i 'm not alone in my opinion as evidenced by the article . 
  it 's a much larger minority than most countries , and the uk has always been culturally aloof from europe and somewhere in between the continent and north america/australia . 
  this was true even centuries ago and has n't changed very much . 
  the difference is that most people have limited exposure to easter europeans -- the romanians and poles i know are either well-educated or have lived in the uk . 
  with frenchmen , we have a lot more exposure though since it 's a prominent country most of us visit at least once . 
  so as a result , the average french person i 've interacted with spoke worse english than the average pole or romanian or italian , even if the french actually speak better english on the whole . 
  your accents are also harder to understand than most other people . 
  but those are natural borders so the weird shape is ok . 
  it 's to test air defence response times . 
  glonass is n't completely finished yet ... 
  i do n't know why people disagree with you . 
  of course the us would n't defend a country it is n't allied with -- the whole point is that they want to demonstrate the value of an alliance . 
  if they defend anyone they want , what 's the point of being their ally in the first place ? 
  instead if they do n't interfere until their allies are threatened , that makes an alliance extremely valuable and desirable . 
  it 's the same in the me -- look how valuable their alliance to the kurds is looking right now . 
  if you 're a regional player , suddenly you have a strong incentive to make nice to the us because they 've just shown that if their friends are threatened they will send an aircraft carrier to pummel the enemy . 
  by contrast they are n't doing a thing to help the syrian government and they 're barely helping the central iraqi government , and both have publicly complained and are asking for it . 
  if they tried salami tactics like in ukraine but in a nato country where american troops were patrolling , those `` rebels '' would be massacred . 
  the only reason they 're able to hold out so much in ukraine is because they have some high-quality russian equipment . 
  most of that equipment is pretty low-quality by western standards though , and the us has a lot of expensive and fancy toys . 
  for example , those sams ca n't target stealth fighters , their artillery can not outrange american artillery , and unlike ukrainian recruits american soldiers are n't conscripts but a professional army . 
  it would be too one-sided . 
  russia would have to send its own troops in rather than proxies , and that would be highly risky . 
  what happens if the us kills hundreds of active-duty russian soldiers who russia is claiming are rebels ? 
  do they just have to accept that and not retaliate ? 
  idk though ... after assassinations the successor oftentimes has a very easy time moving forward down the same path if that 's what they desire . 
  after jfk was assassinated , johnson was able to push through the most sweeping civil rights bill ever and basically created full legal equality for all races despite the opposition . 
  kennedy supported the idea but he would have never been able to get the bill through congress , but even the most racist southern legislators could n't stop it after kennedy died . 
  when leaders die , people feel a sense of obligation to their memory , and if putin was killed and someone more extreme came to power they would have virtually no roadblocks in their way . 
  but very pro-vutin . 
  this is n't true . 
  i personally know a persian american who works for the cia from uni and he 's been to iran several times to visit family . 
  but his parents are exiles who probably ca n't go back and he 's personally an atheist so that might play a role ... 
  unless they did n't , and they just did n't make a public statement on it . 
  i find it hard to believe either organisation is not aware of what 's going on right now , but neither is going to say anything publicly or give that information to anyone outside the white house . 
  kinda , but not sigint since they do n't get that sort of thing budgeted . 
  it 's the same for satellite imagery -- there 's another agency in charge of that who they have to deal with as well . 
  the bbc has pictures of new russian model t72s in ukraine right now on their front page . 
  that model was never made available for export . 
  no but really those people exist . 
  it 's kinda terrifying except in a war situation though , since tons of rednecks with assault rifles and crystal meth is generally a bad combination . 
  well yeah , the nsa saw to that . 
  for the next 30 years gas is going to go down ? 
  demand is increasing far faster than the supply , as the developing world is the primary driver of global economic growth today . 
  and why would n't china ally russia ? 
  because they are self-interested in everything they do , and their economic links to the us are more than ten times those with russia . 
  not to mention , china is the largest holder of us debt and it 's largest trade partner ( and vice versa ) , meaning despite all the rhetoric it is a critical interest of china to ensure continued american success . 
  if anything bad happened to the us , china would lose worse than anyone else . 
  the east already has the same representation as the west , and their parliamentarians are backing the central government 's push . 
  there is n't even a majority of support for the separatists anywhere in ukraine to begin with . 
  not a single poll has shown there to be some sort of groundswell of support for rebellion . 
  the annoying thing is , all those countries are more successful and have better-functioning governments than russia even with all those issues . 
  yet because we 're so self-interested and greedy , we ca n't do anything meaningful to respond . 
  maybe closing all those nuclear reactors was an idiotic idea ... plus there 's plenty of gas out there , but we have to be willing to pay more and push for it . 
  the us is about to become the world 's biggest producer but it 'll cost more to get to europe and they do n't allow exports very much . 
  if europe made a serious effort i 'm sure we could convince obama to sell us some . 
  even the threat of large-scale gas imports from the us and canada could be enough to force a change in moscow . 
  after all , those gas sales make up the majority of their annual budget and are critically important . 
  that 's what alliances are for . 
  they would never try that against south korea or japan or the philippines or australia , etc. 
  it 's the best argument against being a pariah and being an arsehole to powerful countries . 
  look at how the situation it iraq unfolded -- half the country was taken by isis and nobody did a thing , but the second kurdistan was threatened an american aircraft carrier and a thousand special forces `` advisers '' along with some sas buddies showed up to the party . 
  and pretty much every european country began a competition to see who could give the kurds the most weapons . 
  russia is turning ukraine into a european kurdistan the same way saddam did the same in iraq . 
  becoming a western ally is now their most important goal , something the west would have never dreamt of even five years ago . 
  there is no way a country that was one virtually indistinguishable from russia itself will ever align itself that way again for at least several generations . 
  what an achievement . 
  shut your mouth you bandera grammar fascist !!, 
  it also means they get to exploit russia 's newfound isolation . 
  just recently they signed a horribly imbalanced gas deal with the russian government , and they were able to do this * because * russia was having huge financial difficulties and needed to find more buyers . 
  the problem is , the deal locks gas prices for decades , meaning as the global market price of gas goes up in the coming years russia will be unable to benefit from that . 
  china probably finds this all hilarious -- russia is basically doing the craziest stuff china says it wants to do but would never actually try themselves . 
  he backed putin if that 's what you mean , but he himself was not up for elections . 
  crimea held votes in the past but they all lost . 
  separatism was still somewhat common there though . 
  well it * does * , but they 're clearly not hiring the most talented people so paying this much is absurd . 
  that would devastate the polish economy so no , it would not happen . 
  we could send troops or advanced weapons , which would cause the russians to seriously reconsider moving forward with those plans . 
  or we could strangle their economy and make the cost of continuing so horrible for the russian government that those at the top with a lot to lose force a change of course . 
  the russian oligarchs are afraid of putin , but if their business empires are about to crumble they 'll make their voices heard . 
  so basically , the went convince ukraine that westernisation is the way to go , ukrainians agreed because the west looks pretty good , and russia is right to say no and invade ? 
  sure , it * is * the west 's fault in the sense that we convinced the ukrainians our way of governance and our structures are superior to russia 's and their own , but you could say the same about both sides in any conflict . 
  we convinced the kurds that tolerance and liberalism are good , we convinces taiwan and south korea that capitalism and democracy are favourable , etc. 
  but we never coerced or forces any of them to pursue our goals , they opened their eyes and made that conclusion themselves . 
  that is n't actually the cfr 's stance ; that 's just the opinion of an individual writer . 
  the leadership of the cfr has been pretty vocally opposed to russia 's recent actions , but they do n't censor dissenting views from their publications . 
  it 's like those spetsnaz in crimea who just told journalists they were russian soldiers when asked . 
  no idea what they were thinking , but they seemed like idiots . 
  i guess that 's why they all stopped talking to the media in general after a little while . 
  yeah people forget that the whole world hated saddam and he was pretty openly genocidal . 
  the man gassed thousands of people because he wanted to make a point , and killed several hundred thousand against the wishes of both the us and ussr . 
  assad was seen as the moderate and reasonable baathist by comparison . 
  america should n't have invaded iraq , but the guy they removed really was not some angel and seeing his rehabilitation in the west is shocking . 
  i 'm hoping most of those people are young and were n't alive ( or old enough ) during the 80s and 90s . 
  obviously america ( and everyone else ) invades countries for their own interests , but at least the us does it to criminal regimes and eventually leaves willingly , while * trying * to dress it up as a humanitarian act .
