  ... and the inability to pay them . 
  if you stop paying your best armies you 're setting yourself up for disaster . 
  those same germans ended up conquering large parts of the former [ western ] roman empire and governing it as roman successors , so they were very much aligned with roman culture and considered themselves good romans . 
  the eastern romans also hired germanic troops , along with a large variety of soldiers from places across the balkans and middle east . 
  because they were able to pay them and keep their families safe , those troops never really turned on their government in the same way . 
  plus , uk austerity is only austerity in relative terms . 
  in absolute terms spending has still been increasing . 
  it 's just that the gdp is growing faster than spending is rising . 
  there is no way russia can afford to prop up greece if the ez could n't . 
  russia is poorer than italy , let alone france or germany . 
  he can move back across the atlantic to texas and be a professor again , far away from the mess in greece . 
  his future is fine . 
  they could never pay back market-level interest . 
  all the interest they 're paying is at a loss to the lender at this point . 
  communism never even purported itself to be peaceful . 
  it was explicitly revolutionary . 
  the same thing . 
  neither side wants to upset muslims here for obvious reasons , and neither want to stir up the far-right for similarly obvious reasons . 
  yes , the modern centre-right love slavery and genocide , something no left-leaning government would * ever * attempt ... 
  uh , no . 
  everyone is better off and honestly had greece never joined they 'd be in the same or worse position today , like belarus or ukraine ( pre-war ) . 
  do you honestly think the greek state would have been more efficient and less corrupt outside the eu and ez ? 
  yep , greek banks hold the bulk of debt , followed by german and american ( lol ) ones . 
  france is pretty low on the list considering its size and importance . 
  sure , which is why the ecb has been giving money to greece rather than somalia or syria or any number of countries where poverty is actually killing people on a large scale . 
  the federal government does though , and it 's dominated by ny and california ( and texas ) . 
  when people in sc do n't pay taxes or politicians in sc take bribes , the feds arrest them . 
  is greece willing to allow their tax evaders ( who are not just the rich but everyone ) to be arrested by german and french agents ? 
  the buying power in some places in the uk is lower than some places in romania too . 
  so what ? 
  the fact is that greece is not even close to the poorest country in the eu no matter how you look at it . 
  yes , some greeks are , but the same applies to every country . 
  and nothing in greece even resembles the worst poverty in romania . 
  the average person in all those countries earns less than the average greek . 
  why should their tax money go to greece ? 
  how is that right ? 
  the austerity greece is dealing with is and has been a regular part of life for a lot of europeans in other countries . 
  ukraine is even worse off than greece ... 
  i think it 's only really southern europe . 
  every northern country i 've been to including the uk uses cards for most purchases that are n't small . 
  also they have courts full of experts who understand how financial matters work . 
  if you want to make financial deals , it helps to do so in a jurisdiction where they can be enforced by people who know what they 're doing . 
  that 's why the fifa money laundering indictment was issued by prosecutors in nyc rather than miami ( where concacaf is based ) . 
  london and hong kong are both similarly poised to do much of the same thing . 
  another thing though is that poor states still have to operate under federal law enforcement so tax evasion is n't a problem and corruption is cracked down on . 
  the eu member states all have their own law enforcement and in some of them , corruption is endemic and people do n't feel the need to pay their taxes . 
  when people in the us do n't pay their taxes the federal government sends agents to go arrest them . 
  would greece be willing to give up a large part of its sovereignty in exchange for a bailout ? 
  because it 's hard to see why germany would agree to throw money into a pit of corruption again , and short of german/european officers arresting lots of greeks , things would n't change . 
  nah but it shows why canadians would n't really be eager to join the eu . 
  i probably should have made a distinction between deliberate and incidental inflation ... whoops . 
  but yeah , best-case scenario is that the government successfully implements controlled inflation . 
  of course , this is n't easy to do it likely to work out exactly as planned . 
  you never really addressed what i said . 
  why would the rest of the eurozone and the ecb ever do what you 're suggesting ? 
  contrary to what you said , it has substantial costs . 
  i did n't defend austerity and i have no idea why you 're arguing against a position i never took . 
  [ argentina has widespread informal usd markets ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/travel/2014/jan/24/argentina-peso-devaluation-blue-dollar-tourism ) and virtually all saving is done in american currency . 
  the argentinian local currency is not exactly stable or reliable even though it 's been over a decade since the [ debt restructuring programme ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/argentine_debt_restructuring ) began . 
  the comparison to argentina 's situation is highly inaccurate anyway , [ since greece is in a far worse position and would suffer quite a bit more . 
  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/26/business/an-echo-of-argentina-in-greek-debt-crisis.html ) venezuela is n't really a comparable situation at all , both because they were never in a parallel situation to greece and because their economic structure is completely different . 
  and of course , the bulk of the venezuelan economy consists solely of exporting crude oil which means the government has steady access to foreign currency ( usd ) . 
  of course the venezuelan government 's incompetence still leads to regular consumer goods scarcity and widespread poverty , but that 's unrelated . 
  ... what ? 
  why would the greek government leave the ez and then try to stay on a currency with a protected exchange rate to the euro ? 
  how could they possibly maintain public spending and pay back debts if they did n't deliberately devalue their currency ? 
  is the ecb supposed to just ignore the fact that the greek government is printing more money and artificially maintain an exchange rate at huge loss to the ez member states ? 
  why would any ez member allow that ? 
  the rest of the ez is already against the idea of giving greece free money with no strings attached . 
  what you 're suggesting is that after greece decided to leave the ez , they would somehow suddenly be * more * open to the idea of doing precisely that . 
  that 's absurd . 
  they could easily do that , but why would they ? 
  they would literally be in the exact same position as they are today in the sense that they are still using a the euro , only they would now have zero influence on the ecb and their central bank would have no ability to print euros . 
  the entire argument behind leaving the ez and reverting to the drachma is that they would be able to print more money and devalue their currency . 
  if you take that away , they would just suffer economic disaster with no way to seek relief . 
  that said , reverting to the drachma is a potential disaster in and of itself , because the likelihood of inflation is extremely high and greece imports almost everything . 
  suddenly , the most basic things like food ( 50 % imported ) and energy ( 80 % imported ) would be far more expensive and far more scarce . 
  even in a best-case scenario with no inflation whatsoever ( which no credible economist thinks is possible ) , the government would have to deliberately devalue the drachma to stimulate growth and lessen the debt burden which would still increase the cost of food/energy . 
  no idea what he 's talking about ... 
  i highly doubt there are any investors left who have n't prepared themselves for a grexit by now . 
  this whole saga has gone on for years now . 
  it wo n't be global no matter what -- greece is a relatively small economy and is not a major player in the global economic system . 
  greek assets are also not even remotely close to the value of the american housing market , which is what kicked off the 2008 recession . 
  put it this way : greece 's gdp is roughly the size of iraq 's , and iraq 's economic collapses has not threatened the global financial system in any way nor has it even made a serious dent . 
  but internally in the ez a grexit * could * cause a lot of temporary instability , although even that is now up for debate given the other piigs countries ' relative positions today . 
  and european lenders would probably end up having to right off billions of euros in debt , which would cause a dent in their books , but they 've been planning on this for years by this point and regardless , the biggest lenders ( germany and the usa , oddly enough ) have massive and strong economies to back them . 
  depends what he means by economic crisis . 
  if he 's talking about one * within * greece , sure . 
  almost everyone agrees that will be the case . 
  if he 's suggesting the rest of the ez will suffer a major economic crisis , that 's a lot less accepted . 
  a few years ago that would have absolutely been the case , but today the rest of the piigs are in a much better position and are firmly committed to the reform programme . 
  it definitely * could * happen , but it 's not necessarily going to be the case . 
  even several senior eu leaders have expressed their doubts about a potential crisis . 
  yes more or less , which is why everyone wants to avoid it . 
  new currency means invountary inflation and deliberate devaluation , which makes imports much more expensive and scarce . 
  the problem is that greece imports almost everything , including the majority of its food and the overwhelming majority of its energy . 
  who says it would n't ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious , since almost every economist including greek ones ( and the greek finance minister himself ) think this would be the result . 
  are there any credible voices of dissent who think greece would prosper after leaving the ez ? 
  the best-case scenarios from a few economists say the long-term prospects would be okay at best , but i have yet to see anyone suggest greece would be wealthy or successful by european standards even in the long-term .
