  hell , this last week gaza was not even the most deadly place in the region -- not even a few 100 miles away more innocent civilians were dying in both syria and iraq . 
  i did n't see a single protest or headline though . 
  yeah sorry it looked like i was defending that sort of discrimination , which i was n't . 
  i just went ahead and deleted the comment because it was stupidly worded . 
  i was n't saying that because a high proportion of jews are israeli it 's ok to bash jews or mistreat them ; rather i was pointing out that when jews talk about being run out of other countries and feeling like they have nowhere to go they do kinda have a point . 
  almost half the world 's jews are israeli and most of the rest are american . 
  other than that , they actually * have * kinda been brutalised everywhere they 've lived and * do n't * really have anywhere else to go . 
  that 's why i do n't in theory oppose the idea of a jewish state even if i dislike ethnic/religious national identities . 
  it 's either that or they all go to america and although the us is friendly to jews , i 'm not sure they 'd want that big of an influx of new immigrants . 
  not very different from sweden in that regard though . 
  a lot of the us is inhabited , but sparsely -- people call it `` flyover country '' . 
  the same holds true for sweden . 
  this is probably the best explanation i 've heard . 
  we 're doing fine though ? 
  we just do n't have that much to gloat about ... 
  not technically i guess -- asian still means `` people from asia '' , but when we use the word `` asian '' we generally do n't mean people from the middle east , russia , or east/south-east asia in everyday usage . 
  i guess this has more to do with the people who live in the uk than anything else , since british `` asians '' are almost all south asian . 
  when people talk about japan or china they generally just say japanese or chinese , although asian could be used there too . 
  but again , if you hear people talk about asians in an everyday normal conversation ( or especially about british asians ) , they 're 95 % of the time talking about pakistanis , indians , sri lankans , or bangladeshis . 
  in the us and canada they usually use `` asian '' to refer to east and southeast asians , while indians and other south asians are referred to by nationality . 
  people from the middle east are usually called arabs or persians/iranians or turks in both though . 
  ultimately it all depends on context though -- `` asian american '' refers to everyone in the us from the asian continent , but still conjures up the image of an east asian . 
  `` indian american '' on the other hand is more specific and more widely used from what i 've seen . 
  it 's also probably worth noting that obama was raised by his grandparents , and his grandfather was in patton 's third army ravaging through nazi territory near the end of the war . 
  it 's likely obama heard about the war from his grandfather and picked up the terminology older war veterans used . 
  they used regional terms to refer to all sorts of things -- afrika korps was a german army in north africa but nobody took the term `` afrika '' to mean it was comprised of african soldiers . 
  but those groups do n't really have smaller penises ... south americans have larger penis sizes according to that same chart than everyone except africans , who they tie . 
  asians comprise a negligible percentage of the us population . 
  that map is either completely incorrect or something in the american water supply is screwing with basic genetics and shrinking peoples ' penises . 
  i 'm going with the former . 
  they must have measured differently in different locations or something because apparently the data is based on a huge variety of sources from different time periods , researchers , and different criteria . 
  yes , a decade before . 
  do you really not remember hitler 's olympics and how deliberately disrespectful the american team was to him or any number of those early disney films created solely for the purpose of mocking the nazis ? 
  bashing nazis was an american pastime ever since the party came to prominence in germany because hitler was a clown . 
  that said , the anti-semitism did n't particularly bother most americans at the time and it was only during/after the war that anti-semitism became a big taboo ( largely because of its association with the nazis ) . 
  the nazi party was n't seen as a military enemy by americans at the time , but it was seen as an enemy to democracy ( which they considered themselves the guardians of even back then ) and american politicians and the media did n't really make it a secret they disliked the nazis . 
  after all , germany was still the old enemy from the first world war . 
  worth noting that americans do n't want their country to be a leader either . 
  it still happens . 
  that 's the price of power and prosperity and germany is no exception . 
  they tried to sit out wwii and had it not been for pearl harbour things here would have turned out far worse . 
  germany now has similar responsibilities . 
  remember that whole nsa spying on germany thing ? 
  the whole eu was pissed off and ready to challenge america back then . 
  now everyone is kinda glad the us is spying on the germans and only germany still cares . 
  it did n't though . 
  have n't like a thousand + people already died there ? 
  the rest were n't nato citizens though . 
  ukraine does n't need to negotiate though ; they 're about to outright win . 
  the separatists will have to return to russia . 
  as it stands , they only hold a tiny amount of territory now . 
  russia probably was hoping the separatists would 've been able to create a stalemate by using sophisticated russian arms ( and maybe troops ) , but they did n't anticipate things like mh17 and the severity of the sanctions , so they had to reduce their level of support to the insurgents . 
  before mh17 they had some of the best aa gear in the world . 
  now it 's all back in russia so they lost that advantage . 
  and before the sanctions russian tanks were openly crossing the border in convoys ; now , russia has to avoid such obvious example of interference lest it 's economy be even more damaged . 
  the funny thing is crimea is mostly valuable because it gives russia a full-year saltwater port , except that port is only accessible through a nato country . 
  it would be hilarious if after this was all over turkey just said no russian ships are allowed in the bosphorus and everything russia did was a waste . 
  he did n't even really break his word on the whole red line thing . 
  he never said chemical weapons were a red line for an american attack ; the media made that up ( maybe right-wing us media to make him look bad ? ) . 
  he said chemical attacks would change the way they treated the war , which could mean a huge number of things ( he was intentionally vague ) from sending arms to the rebels , invading syria , or just refusing to recognise assad as a legitimate leader and never doing so in the future . 
  he was going for a deal with the eu ( which he promised the country and his party ) and then backed out abruptly after meeting with russia . 
  his party abandoned him and voted to remove him from office . 
  it 's hardly as simple as to make it out to be . 
  why could n't 10 happen ? 
  it took less than 10 for the us to rebuild japan and turn it into a liberal democracy and the same for west germany . 
  hell , much the former eastern bloc did it in around 10 years too . 
  there 's no reason it could n't happen in a decade . 
  but regardless , increased integration would omits certainly happen by then . 
  ok so first of all , there 's not gon na be any war . 
  and secondly , russia would lose horribly in any war if it did happen . 
  the ussr had a much bigger population than the western allies at the time ; russia is tiny by comparison . 
  it 's also much , much poorer relatively speaking , and it has virtually no allies of value . 
  referencing history as of russia today is the ussr is silly beyond reason . 
  half the ussr are now us allies for fucks ' sake ... 
  it can * say * it 's worth a lot . 
  it 's still worth less than toilet paper . 
  no he does n't . 
  do n't mischaracterise what cameron says while trying to correct what you see as mischaracterisations regarding orban . 
  no it 's in speeches . 
  it 's currently one of the highest rated posts on this subreddit . 
  but yes , it 's not a realistic fear . 
  everyone knows orban can not actually so what he says because hungary is not russia and it ca n't actually just stand up to the us that way . 
  but the fact he uses that sort of rhetoric obviously worries people in places like romania . 
  this should n't be a surprise . 
  also of all countries america is the least likely to just provide things for you . 
  they have the least generous welfare system in the rich world . 
  you have to find a job and work immediately if you want to make ends meet . 
  chevron is privately owned , even if it 's registered and based in the us . 
  gazprom is state-owned and controlled and functions as a branch of the russian government , which uses it for foreign policy goals . 
  they 're different in that regard . 
  i 've never heard of the white house cutting off oil supplies for political reasons ( mostly because they ca n't ) . 
  nah lots of people are fairly anti-american until they get a green card , at which point they suddenly become super pro-american . 
  it 's funny to watch the change in new immigrants . 
  i guess it 's sort of an envy of the elite club or something , but once you get to join you look down on your old friends instead . 
  the bestirs when it happens to russians . 
  they tend to immigrate more westward so they 'd naturally have an affinity for those countries instead of neighbours . 
  nothing special but nothing bad either . 
  most people are fairly neutral about it , but obviously because it 's a western allied country that neutrality is still positive . 
  i 'd guess the average person sees you guys are good but not really important or well-known . 
  that 's how we feel about most smaller countries though , assuming they 're liberal democracies .
