  no way the average german boss is cool with his employees looking at tits when they 're at work . 
  in the uk they put a space . 
  not sure why , but maybe they realised how stupid it looks to english speakers and decided not to butcher our language more . 
  you mean to say the average bar conversation has noting to do with russia ?!, 
  no way !, 
  but really , you started by arguing that no one cares and now you 're saying they care about other things more . 
  well duh , but you were still originally wrong . 
  if that works , then why would n't euro carriers just fly their own planes under a foreign alliance member 's registration ? 
  they would n't even lose any money and the whole airspace ban would just be a big joke . 
  they would n't try it on case the whole place so it would n't matter that much . 
  if russia goes with overwhelming force they will get however much of eastern ukraine it wants . 
  of course the cost to the russian economy will probably be devastating . 
  yeah the wind currents are more favourable or something like that afaik , so it takes less fuel . 
  when i travel from asia to the us we always layover in germany or the netherlands . 
  but it 's true ? 
  sometimes countries are more susceptible to nationalism even if all the evidence shows a downward turn . 
  others have weak nationalism that collapses as soon as reality sets in . 
  so serious question : how do these sorts of parties intend to achieve any of their goals ? 
  how do they explain ending cuts and increasing spending if their governments do not have any money or access to debt markets ? 
  i like their emphasis in helping actual people , but their entire platform seems completely impossible and it seems like they just say nice sounding things that they 'll never do . 
  kinda changes what you said then ... 
  you 're creating a classic false equivalency and comparing things that are not even remotely alike . 
  an isolated incident or examples of hate speech are not remotely comparable to mass murder on a global scale . 
  fundamentalism ca n't always be measured in the number of people killed , but it * can * be compared in the number of people who * would * be killed if certain groups had power and others did n't . 
  it can also be compared in the intent to kill or willingness to commit religiously-inspired violence . 
  other factors definitely play a role , but the only true consistent trait is islamic religious fervor . 
  some islamic societies are majority , others minority , some are among the poorest on earth while others are among the richest , and yet these disparate societies exhibit a tremendous amount of violence and anger toward each other and others faith groups . 
  the primary factor is religiosity -- the more islamically devout a society 's culture , the more inclined to fundamentalism and violence . 
  poor central asian former soviet states are less fundamentalist than rich qatar while at the same time poor somalia is more fundamentalist than rich turkey . 
  the only way islamic societies break this cycle is through strict , enforced secularism . 
  coincidentally , this is what the christian west had to do as well . 
  i did n't downvote you or anyone else . 
  i never downvote ( or upvote because it 's a waste of effort ) . 
  yeah but if you go in the other direction to the suburbs it 's incredibly safe and nice there too . 
  it 's likely sukhois actually use ukrainian components . 
  ouch . 
  not amount killed , but willingness to kill . 
  and great job posting an isolated incident from the past . 
  that 's comparable to the thousands of islamic bombings every year . 
  you 're just wrong . 
  the natives were technologically inferior and socially less developed . 
  that 's why they were conquered so easily and could barely resist . 
  it 's not even remotely similar to modern-day immigration , which goes the other way around , unless lithuania has a huge influx of immigrants from northern europe and north america pushing people out of their homes ? 
  and as for how you decide who is let in : you simply create a set of basic standards that you expect all potential immigrants to meet . 
  this is what the us and canada do ( although lots of mexicans illegally enter anyway ) and it works quite well . 
  for example , in the us , there is the lottery system ( which anyone can get provided they get lucky and are n't associated with any flagged organisations or ideologies ) , there are special skills visas for engineers , scientists , doctors , musicians , athletes , etc. , and there are temporary work visas for unskilled labour as necessary ( which they accept from mexico , as opposed to the middle east or other societies where people do not integrate well ) . 
  so the end result is that some immigrants are more traditionally poor and unskilled , but they come from the entire world rather than one place so they have a much greater need to assimilate , and a roughly equal number are the highly-skilled , well-educated `` elites '' of their home countries ( mostly indians and chinese scientists/engineers , they make up the # 2 and # 3 source countries of immigrants ) . 
  many europeans and russians also fit in here . 
  then there 's the small number of extremely wealthy people who invested a certain amount in us assets , which let them acquire legal permanent residence . 
  the whole system works so much better than europe 's , which as far as i can tell involves letting x number of people in every year and ignoring the massive number who enter illegally from volatile places . 
  and those x number who we lawfully invite are n't screened for any particular skills at all , so they end up making up the lowest rungs of our society . 
  [ take a look at the us 's socioeconomic groups  ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_ethnic_groups_in_the_united_states_by_household_income ) immigrants and their children are at the top . 
  the richest demographic in the us are indian americans , followed by south african , filipino , taiwanese , russians , latvians , iranians , lebanese , chinese , fijian , japanese , sri lankan etc. 
  all with higher average incomes than native-born white americans . 
  in other words , immigrants to the us pay far * more * into the system than they take out and they add a huge amount to the economy -- not to mention they do extremely well and do n't end up in slums . 
  and remember , nonwhite immigration was mostly banned until 1964 , so these achievements are all very recent . 
  this makes for a much more racially cohesive society too -- i 've lived here for a few years now and not once has there been a race riot as far as i 'm aware and immigrants ' children are extremely well integrated . 
  when i go to the cinema , i do n't just see groups of indian kids by themselves , iranians in another group , etc. 
  but rather everyone mixed in together , probably because they grew up together rather than in homogenous places . 
  by contrast parts of london do n't even look british at all . 
  immigration is one of those things we really fucked up on and should look at na for a better system . 
  also , there 's a great variety of food ( although the other advantages , like the world 's most brilliant engineers and scientists and millions of productive tax-paying citizens , many of whom founded fortune 500 companies , are obviously a bigger deal ) . 
  no they are not . 
  they do n't even want to kill people -- the kkk are american southerners who all have extremely easy access to assault weapons ( and i 'm sure many own them ) , but they do not go around killing people . 
  they could , but they do n't . 
  in other words , they are not even remotely as fundamentalist . 
  grumbling about `` them negroes '' is not even remotely close to cutting black peoples ' heads off or putting bombs inside churches . 
  and wbc is just a hateful family limited solely to hate speech . 
  that 's it . 
  they 've never so much as threatened someone with bodily harm in their entire history . 
  pretty much every single imam in the entire islamic world says equally hateful things about homosexuals , only it 's not considered shameful in those societies . 
  not to mention , many ( although by no means the majority or even close to a majority ) of those imams go much further and advocate horrifically brutal violence on many different groups . 
  stop trying to compare two religions that are not really close in terms of fundamentalism at all . 
  christianity * was * once a medieval barbaric faith , but that was during medieval times . 
  it outgrew that stage and the christian world underwent massive social changes . 
  the muslim world did not and is mired in senseless violence , and the religion reflects ( or some would argue causes ) that . 
  i was simply saying food * can * be a pretty great advantage . 
  i live in the us right now and the food immigrants brought here is the best part imo . 
  but of course , those immigrants did n't bring kebabs or islam or violence , because the us never let middle eastern immigrants in * en masse * . 
  europe should take a lesson from that . 
  immigration can be a great thing if done right , although we 've done it extremely wrong . 
  huh ? 
  where are immigrants in the us rioting and anyang welfare ? 
  there 's barely any welfare system to begin with ... 
  i was saying food is a good advantage , provided your immigrants are n't causing huge disadvantages like those in france . 
  you just have to be selective with who you allow to immigrate to your country . 
  sa is the least reasonable member of the brics and was never part of the original goldman-sachs acronym ( it was brics ) . 
  south africa was added on by the other members so they would be able to claim african representation and of course for sa , being associated with china and india was a huge victory . 
  even russia had better economic prospects than sa , at lest until the ukrainian mess . 
  it would be more like if the anglosphere outside britain formed its own union . 
  the us would overwhelmingly dominate canada , australia , and nz . 
  germany is a big player in the eu , but not by much and that dominance is by no means guaranteed . 
  kazakhstan 's relationship to russia will never be like the uk 's or france 's to germany . 
  i can pretty much guarantee you western countries are n't gon na be going to a russian tank show any time soon ... 
  why though ? 
  if you do n't sell them arms , russia or china will . 
  either way they * will * acquire their weapons and use them how they please . 
  at least by providing the weapons yourself , you gain a little leverage -- the us for example does this with fighter planes they sell to dictators by refusing to sell extra missile unless the dictator agrees to specific terms . 
  so in egypt , mubarak was n't allowed to use his shiny weapons the way assad did . 
  and also , if you sell the weapons , you make the money .
