  but disabled people ( as all people ) * do * die . 
  just because they were declared fit for work does n't mean they died because of that ; they could have died at the natural rate . 
  and unless we know if their rate of death is higher than the normal rate of death , it 's pointless to make any assumptions . 
  how much higher is that from the normal rate of death for disabled people in the uk ? 
  for all we know it could be perfectly normal ... 
  no but it 's one of them . 
  the syrian government is bombing cities it does n't control , northern iraq and some lightly-populated parts of syria are under isis control , south sudan and the central african republic were in ( and in some parts still are ) in civil wars , nigeria has boko haram , afghanistan and pakistan have the taliban , etc. 
  add to that the general poverty of the middle east and africa ( more than half the population are unemployed if you use the same measures we in the west do ) and it 's pretty clear why so many people are coming to europe . 
  and then you also have to consider that despite the emigration and wars , the population in virtually every country i 'm talking about is still growing , in many cases quite rapidly . 
  generally buying military hardware based on how cool it looks is a bad idea , and with a limited budget it makes a lot more sense to go after already mass-produced and battle-tested models instead . 
  al qaeda is also fighting isis . 
  so are a number of other terrorists , to say nothing of the syrian government and its allies as well . 
  the syrian war is a complete mess . 
  what they 're doing is n't illegal though since we do n't live in a police state . 
  people are allowed to hand out pamphlets on public property and they 're allowed to wear stupid vests if they want . 
  as long as they do n't touch anyone , physically harass anyone , or follow people into private property they 're not going to get in trouble . 
  of course , everyone else will judge them as total cunts . 
  as opposed to western countries ? 
  sure . 
  but compared to other wealthy countries in the region they look very favourable . 
  the gulf states do n't allow any poor immigrants in except to work as modern-day slaves . 
  unlike a lot of people ( including many israelis ) , i do n't really see israel as a `` western '' country in terms of societal values . 
  as a result , i do n't really hold them to the same standards as others seem to ... it 's way too late for that now . 
  stupid autocorrect !, 
  do you have any evidence of your claims ? 
  and even so , your line of reasoning is absurd -- every religion is a descendant of older ones . 
  how is yazidism more similar to ancient mesopotamian religions than christianity or zoroastrianism ? 
  i do n't find it amazing any more than any other old religion since i see no credible reason to treat it as unique historical . 
  never seen them in real life but from what i understand they just go around with pamphlets and bother people who they think are violating islamic law . 
  they do n't really `` arrest '' people or anything like that . 
  because it 's purely voluntary by them and they are n't actually challenging the real legal system or breaking the law . 
  the people who use their `` courts '' can always go to a public court if they want and the rulings there will actually carry legal weight . 
  it 's a weird loophole that 's difficult to work around since banning private negotiations would be a disaster for everyone and suddenly all divorce proceedings would have to go through the court system and would overwhelm them ( to say nothing about negotiations on other subjects ) . 
  how are they direct descendants of that if they adopted huge parts of christianity and zoroastrianism ? 
  they are n't . 
  and he 's only polling that high because the actual election is so far away people are willing to support unelectable fringe candidates . 
  it 's the same as how that herman cain idiot was at the top for a while . 
  eventually they 'll support another normal and respected person like romney . 
  what percentage are even iraqi ? 
  maybe the mountains where bin laden was hiding ? 
  they ended up dropping bunker-busters on them instead . 
  i highly doubt they were considering nuking cities or anything like that because it would n't have really helped them at all . 
  their religion is based on other even older ones that are still around today . 
  it 's not even close to the oldest . 
  hell , it 's partly based on christianity , which is the world 's biggest religion today . 
  and zoroastrianism and hindusim are both way older and practiced by huge numbers of people . 
  mazda is named after the god ... 
  sexiest machine on earth ... 
  yeah but within reason . 
  exotic foods and good foreign music are always welcome . 
  same for festivals and holidays . 
  but violating peoples ' rights and/or imposing beliefs on others ? 
  nope . 
  you think israel should accept syrian refugees ? 
  that would be nearly suicidal . 
  syrian public opinion of israel has been extremely negative ( to say the least ) for decades . 
  honestly many probably even changed their names to fit in better . 
  sorry it was 65 % christian and 10 % no religion : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arab_american and of course , of the roughly 25 % who call themselves muslim a notable proportion probably do not practice , so the real number of muslim arabs is even lower . 
  it 's the opposite of europe . 
  the nation of islam is * very * different from any other form of islam and you 'd be hard-pressed to find any middle eastern imam or islamic scholar who accepts them as muslim . 
  they have their own messiah , another prophet who no other sect have , loads of things about black people ( even though islam was at its core an arab religion ) , and they do n't even follow the five pillars . 
  via wikipedia :  on march 7 , 1998 the board of ulema of the italian muslim association ( ami ) issued a fatwa against the nation of islam a quick google brings up a number of links that say similar things : www.bakkah.net/en/shaykh-saalih-al-luhaydaan-the-so-called-nation-of-islam-not-muslims.htm http://www.whyislam.org/faqs/islam-in-the-west/is-the-%e2%80%98nation-of-islam%e2%80%99-a-muslim-organization/, 
  much more educated . 
  smaller total numbers . 
  disproportionately from minority sects . 
  anti-islamist because they fled islamist violence/governments ( see : pretty much every iranian american ) . 
  75 % of arabs there are christians , so cultural organisations are n't really islamic or religious in general . 
  much wealthier since the us picks who they allow in . 
  many american muslims are black people who joined pseudo-muslim groups like the nation of islam , which is n't really islamic as far as any mainstream muslim sect is concerned . 
  no real muslim ghettos anywhere ; they mostly live normal middle class lives like white people . 
  there are several more reasons , but these are the big ones . 
  the result ? 
  way fewer become islamists and thousands are willing to join the us military . 
  meanwhile in the uk , isis out recruits the armed forces among british muslims . 
  american muslims also practice far less than european ones . 
  when i studied at an engineering university 's graduate programme in the states , i had classes with several american muslims ( go figure , they are disproportionately in engineering like indian americans ) . 
  once we saw a woman with her face covered except for her eyes and they got really upset over it , way more than i 'd have expected from anyone but far-right people . 
  it 's an entirely different mentality from that of british muslims . 
  and they do n't consider themselves sunni or shia , and most major islamic organisations in the middle east do n't consider them muslims . 
  it 's not really at all . 
  modern jets are supposed to engage from outside visual range so manoeuvrability only matters insofar as evading missiles goes . 
  i 've seen even worse here , like people openly advocating for genocide . 
  it 's pretty fucked up . 
  there were also a lot more german americans than japanese americans so there was far more familiarity with them for the average person and it was considerably more difficult to monitor or detain them . 
  they were also generally from families that were not recent immigrants so they were seen as a lot more loyal . 
  the sentiment was around a lot longer than that , especially in the uk . 
  the term `` surrender monkeys '' was n't though . 
  correction : there was a lot of suspicion toward german-born americans . 
  german-americans on the other hand were the largest single ethnic group in the usa at the time ( still are ) and were n't really discriminated against . 
  afaik even eisenhower was from a german family albeit one that had been in the usa for generations . 
  no the americans by far suffered the highest casualties there -- more than everyone else combined . 
  they had to attack the most fortified and well-defended beaches . 
  on one of the british beaches there was almost no resistance ( nighttime bombing and early naval bombardment destroyed it ) and they literally just strolled across it . 
  australia does n't deport all immigrants though ; they deport illegal immigrants . 
  they have one of the highest rates of legal immigration in the world proportionally as a trade-off . 
  tax havens are n't the issue in greece though . 
  their problem is that some sectors do n't even have to pay taxes and tax evasion in other sectors ( including households ) is extremely common . 
  this is a problem the greek government itself needs to address the same way every other country in europe did it themselves too . 
  so you 're going to imprison hundreds of thousands if not millions of people for a decade ? 
  that would cost an insane amount of money -- far more than even large welfare payments .
