  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/index_of_economic_freedom ) spain and italy are two of the least liberal economies in the eu though , along with greece . 
  i said :  in fairness the liberal economies are the ones doing much better than the rest here . 
  you replied with inane nonsense . 
  i was right yet you chose to argue with me for some stupid reason and now you 're just changing the subject . 
  again :  in fairness the liberal economies are the ones doing much better than the rest here . 
  if your hostages were released , someone paid a ransom . 
  aq does not arbitrarily release westerners like that . 
  odds are whoever was responsible for paying it kept it quiet though , since most ransom payments are still unknown publicly . 
  the ny times had a good expose on some of them recently : http://www.nytimes.com/2014/07/30/world/africa/ransoming-citizens-europe-becomes-al-qaedas-patron.html?_r=0, 
  venezuela is not a democracy . 
  there is no opposition media and many opposition candidates are in prison or dead . 
  and there is no real way cuba could emulate the scandinavian model -- it has nothing to export nor the ability to do so . 
  it has always been a state dependent on foreign aid to sustain even basic services and maintain idiotic subsidies on everything , first with the ussr and then with venezuela . 
  http://www.thelocal.se/20140730/sweden-worst-in-eu-at-getting-foreigners-jobs and i was talking about immigrants , not their swedish children and grandchildren . 
  look at the comment i replied to . 
  except what you 're saying does n't apply . 
  the us explicitly promised in a ratified treaty that it would defend most of eastern europe . 
  that is exactly what nato is . 
  there is no indication whatsoever that they would not honour that promise ; it has never happened in the past nor could their leadership legally attempt to do so . 
  the budapest memorandum was not a promise to defend ukraine , it was a promise not to attack ukraine . 
  russia ignored its promises ( as it regularly does ; treaties do n't mean very much to them ) . 
  the us and uk did not and both kept their end of the deal . 
  scapegoat * it comes from some old hebrew phrase afaik . 
  anyway , you 're absolutely right in your assertions that the embargo is n't the deciding factor . 
  even if there was no embargo , what difference would it make ? 
  what specific goods would cuba be able to produce for export more efficiently than its developing world competition , what corporations would set up shop in cuba 's restrictive business environment , what could they possibly afford to import , etc. 
  but here 's a hypothetical question : if there was no embargo , what difference would it make ? 
  what specific goods would cuba be able to produce for export more efficiently than its developing world competition , what corporations would set up shop in cuba 's restrictive business environment , what could they possibly afford to import , etc. ? 
  cuba would remain impoverished even without and embargo unless government policy changed . 
  every other country in the world with similar levels of state control over every aspect of the economy has an economy almost entirely based on the export of oil or other resources . 
  cuba does not have any of that . 
  they 're trying to emulate venezuela ( or vice versa ) without any of the oil . 
  it can not function unless they receive a huge amount of free money . 
  i do n't necessarily think socialism per se is the problem , but * their specific version * of it almost certainly is . 
  the us economy is growing faster than any other western economy right now , with the exception of the british one . 
  eastern european economies like poland and estonia are the fastest growers in the eurozone , and they are also the most liberal among them . 
  obviously millions of americans are still suffering , but more millions of europeans are in worse situations ; unemployment and debt between the two is not even comparable and the us is far ahead . 
  the us economy also has ** much ** better future prospects than europe , as they do n't have any looming demographic decline problems on the horizon , they just discovered at least a century 's worth of cheap local fossil fuels , and their corporations are sitting on a huge pile of cash ( greater than the entire gdp ) for future investment . 
  i honestly have no idea what you 're talking about -- have you been living under a rock for the last few years ? 
  the us has been outperforming the eu since one quarter after the crash , since their recession only lasted that long . 
  probably a combination of the founder effect , selection based on early american history when it was basically all just wilderness , and some genetic factors related to ethnic intermixing . 
  in the us the races are n't as lineated as in europe or anywhere else , and the big categories are `` white '' ( which included dozens of countries , including some which most europeans would n't even consider `` white '' to begin with ) , `` black '' ( again , includes the entirety of a massive continent with thousands of different ethnicities in some cases genetically divided by millenia , plus the average black american has european heritage too ) , `` hispanic '' ( which includes black , white , and brown people from everywhere south of the us ) , etc. 
  so for all we know , if europeans from all over the continent banged each other , men could end up with chiseled jawlines too , but we wo n't find out for some time ... 
  in fairness the liberal economies are the ones doing much better than the rest here . 
  the us , uk , poland , estonia , etc. 
  all have much better growth than the rest of europe and they 're the most liberal ones afaik . 
  they would 've been slightly more happy when their country went into default . 
  bread and games provided food for the people so it had a more practical purpose . 
  this is just games . 
  and it 's not even in person but on tv . 
  of course it 's worthless . 
  also , immigration and more open borders . 
  nobody from the third world where educational standards were horrible moved to the ussr for a better life ( nor could they really ) . 
  they went to western countries with more open immigration systems . 
  for example the us population doubled in a very short period of time during the 20th century despite the birthrate staying low . 
   i just could never imagine a situation where usa would ever let any harm happen to uk though . 
  wwii , before pearl harbour . 
  what affects us is still our business even if it 's not an actual invasion . 
  civil wars in major oil supplies and trade routes to europe is a huge disaster , to say nothing of massive waves of refugees . 
  and you 're still completely ignoring russia , which is * actually * a threat today and the eu is a toothless joke in its dealings with them . 
  so again , that 's just the elites and leadership doing what 's best for them . 
  it does n't change the fact that the average american should probably be a lot more isolationist . 
  like i said , if i was an american i 'd be a staunch isolationist . 
  and because i 'm not and i know what is best for the us to do , i 'd never give up our nuclear deterrent here . 
  it 's nothing . 
  if you saw starving children outside would you give them a euro so they can live ? 
  even if you had trouble paying your rent ? 
  i would , and i 'd hope you 'd do the same . 
  it 's a minor sacrifice on your part but it literally means life or death for someone else . 
   usa has most to lose with any economic issues . 
  the us has less to lose than europe , japan , and china , all of whom are far more dependent on trade . 
  actually pretty much the entire world needs open trade more than the us . 
  north america is the only truly self-sustaining continent in the modern world in the sense that it has amazing farmland and virtually every type of natural resource , including a huge amount of oil . 
  that 's what i was talking about . 
  defence . 
  foreign policy is not purely offensive . 
  and the eu has a joke of a defensive military outside a few members . 
  yeah but all those bad things affect countries other than america . 
  if russia invades europe most isolationists would hold that it 's europe 's problem . 
  that 's literally what happened when germany did it in wwii . 
  nobody would make the mistake of attacking the us again a la pearl harbour so only non-americans would suffer . 
  if the me has more wars , why should americans care ? 
  this is already the prevalent view among the us population ( it 's been prevalent in europe for a while ) . 
  if i was an american i 'd be a staunch isolationist in everything but trade and investment . 
  any conflicts would n't be my concern at all except to ensure nobody becomes more powerful than me ( this was britain 's strategy with europe for centuries and it worked brilliantly ) . 
  yeah this happens if there are large groups from the same country in the same place . 
  it 's the same for the uk 's bangladeshis and pakistanis , france 's algerians , sweden 's somalis , etc. 
  in canada and the us it 's the opposite though since so many different groups of muslims are mixed in , and they 're not really a large population to begin with , so their faith/culture is very diluted . 
  it 's a lot healthier of a situation imo -- much less radicalism and far more integration . 
  it also helps that a lot of their muslim immigrants are people like iranians who fled the theocratic regime so naturally they 're going to be less intense ( the same thing is true in the uk with iranians too ) . 
  yeah the regime . 
  obviously many of the people are radical extremists , but normally when it see `` the saudis '' i assume that to be the regime rather than the people , especially given that it 's an absolute monarchy . 
  what 's the alternative though ? 
  topple assad , let a new terror state emerge , and deal with thousands of european jihadis back home ? 
  or help assad and kill a few hundred thousand more , and then regardless have to deal with thousands of jihadis back home ( who would now be even angrier ) ? 
  foreign policy and military are intrinsically linked . 
  * `` war is an extension of politics . 
  '' * without the credible threat of force no country 's foreign policy is meaningful in any way except when dealing with allies ( who use their own threat of force in both their and their allies ' interests -- see : usa/denmark relationship ) . 
  the problem is , how are you supposed to deal with hostile or belligerent powers with no muscle behind your diplomacy ? 
  why would they ever pay any attention to what you have to say ?
