  on the other hand , guys with rifles who go into unguarded locations are still relatively successful because small-arms are still outside the control of law enforcement . 
  look how many times in the usa the fbi has provided fake explosives to terrorist wannabes before arresting them . 
  the fbi are clearly all over jihadi networks ( or they have informants ) and planning those sorts of attacks is almost guaranteed to fail . 
  mi5 presumably does the same thing although they do n't announce it as often . 
  the original report was based on what some french passengers told the media , so i 'm guessing they heard the two guys were us military and assumed they were marines or something since the marines are the most famous infantry . 
  but yeah , it was an air force guy and an army national guardsman who just got back from afghanistan . 
  free bayern advert !, 
  * the team of heroes ... *, 
  most of the muslims i met when i lived in the usa even celebrated christmas , albeit not really in a religious way . 
  i do n't think they 're very representative of muslims in the west in general . 
  also , something like 75 % or arabs in the usa are christians so when arabs immigrate and live near each other it 's still not a very homogenous environment like it is in parts of europe . 
  even the russians do n't use them anymore . 
  watch the unedited version that 's also on yt . 
  they pretty clearly think he 's aiming an rpg at them and you can make out the rifles in his companions ' hands . 
  the gunner even says this when he 's asking for permission to fire . 
  not really a cold-blooded murder of innocents even if it was a mistake . 
  i do n't understand why wikileaks chose to manipulate that video when there was so much other content in the dump they could 've focused on instead . 
  it was trip across national borders . 
  nobody would 've brought their gun even if they could legally own one . 
  yeah that 's why he felt bad . 
  he designed a reliable and effective firearm that was cheap enough to mass-produce that it became the standard weapon of terrorists , rebels , and militias worldwide . 
  obviously it was n't his fault , but he felt horrible when he saw people committing genocide while holding `` his '' rifle . 
  you 're amazing . 
  when they removed the bins the threat was n't really that minuscule though . 
  the ira put bombs in them on a regular basis . 
  but yeah generally i agree with your sentiment . 
  wow you guys are making me feel even worse now . 
  does n't china constantly steal russian military tech ? 
  so much of their equipment looks like direct clones ... 
  yeah but that suicide bomber accidentally set himself on fire first . 
  he was n't actually going to successfully kill a bunch of people or anything . 
  these guys undeniably saved hundreds of lives , because had the terrorist not been stopped so early , he would 've had time to empty all those magazines at passengers trapped on a moving train . 
  the scottish bloke was way more likable though . 
  he was so out of his element and hilarious in the following interviews and in the award ceremony . 
  those marines should get to retire immediately on the french riviera . 
  :( i did n't watch the simpsons when i was a kid . 
  i 'm a failure . 
  no the texans did . 
  the saudis just did n't cut their own production because they were afraid of losing market share permanently to frackers . 
  hahaha in the bbc article they originally said he was `` wounded '' without specifying how . 
  it made it look like he joined the marines and was some sort of action hero at first . 
  i do n't think they want their names made public to be honest , or they would just become big targets whenever they go home . 
  [ he had several magazines for his ak-47 and was on a packed train on a friday afternoon ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/03415/france_018_3415379b.jpg ) . 
  it would 've been a complete bloodbath and we lucked out . 
  so did most of his men . 
  they got a cool nickname out of it though . 
  in america it 's not really `` immigrants '' who do extremely well in school , it 's indian and east asian immigrants who do well . 
  mexican and central american immigrants do horribly and have very high dropout rates . 
  coincidentally , indian and east asian cultures put a very strong emphasis on education . 
  yeah but so did the romneys and that did n't really help them . 
  same for mccain ... 
  really though ? 
  he opposes immigration except for skilled immigrants ( who he openly said he 'd allow in even greater numbers ) , he opposes gay marriage ( hardly `` extreme '' even if it 's a stupid position ; when obama ran for president he had the same position ) , and he acts belligerently to anyone who insults him ( childish verbal insults though rather than violence or calls to violence ) . 
  that 's quintessential right-wing populism , but it 's not fascism . 
  he 's just being deliberately obnoxious . 
  if trump can be considered a fascist so can most right-wing parties around the world . 
  jean marie le pen on the other hand has gone on and on about how certain races are inehrently inferior , how the holocaust was never really that bad ( although given the chance he 'd send the jews to the ovens ) , etc. 
  in pakistan people regularly accuse others of doing it so they can get their rivals killed by mobs and take their property . 
  can we stop using the word `` kurds '' when we 're referring to the pkk ? 
  that 's like using the word `` arabs '' when talking about isis or `` whites '' when talking about the nazis or kkk . 
  the majority of kurds do not support the pkk and the turkish government is n't attacking them at all . 
  historically , the biggest political party within turkey for the kurdish vote has been erdogan 's akp ... 
  uhh , there 's a huge difference between le pen and trump . 
  for one , le pen is an actual fascist . 
  trump is just a loudmouth populist . 
  the tea party does n't have the same fascist political baggage though , which is a huge difference . 
  most successful populist right-wing parties were never fascist and in many cases they see themselves as anti-fascist . 
  that 's not true for the fn . 
  the video shows him helping children though , so in this case they are genuinely refugees . 
  and it 's not the children who go around rioting ; they just do n't want to be scared of dying anymore . 
   you 're right ... what were the statistics again ? 
  you 've got more chance being struck by lightning 5 consecutive times than dying from terrorism . 
  sure , but you also have a higher chance of being a victim of islamist violence than far-right violence . 
   we should totally change our society due to this huge threat lol when did i even say anything remotely close to that ? 
  i made it clear in my first reply that i 'm not part of the far-right brigade and do n't really care what they believe or want . 
  i have no idea what you 're talking about now . 
  it 's pretty much an objective fact that islamists pose a bigger threat to the public than the far-right in the modern uk . 
  that is n't true everywhere in europe ( germany comes to mind ) , but in the uk it absolutely is . 
  we do n't really have any major problems with the far-right these days other than petty vandalism . 
  they are n't killing people or attacking them as far as i 'm aware ... and a lot of them went to ukip , which moderated their position quite a bit . 
  they have thousands more warheads , but many of them are not ready for use on modern missiles and are basically useless and sit in stockpiles . 
  i think they begin modernisation in the coming few years though . 
  in some countries that 's true though . 
  isis in germany is basically a non-issue for example because german muslims are very liberal and secular ( they 're almost all turks or balkan ) but the far-right in germany has a recent history of violence and murder . 
  so there , the far-right has a higher body count than islamists . 
  but in the uk the opposite is true . 
  our far-right are either dead or neutered and harmless , while our islamists are increasing in number and joining terrorist groups by the hundreds . 
  look i 'm not a far-right brigader or anything and if i 'm wrong by all means share links and i 'll accept it . 
  but i honestly have not heard anything that would suggest the far-right here is particularly dangerous these days . 
  the bnp is long-dead , the edl imploded and its leader became an open anti-racist , and ukip is not really far-right by european standards even if they 're a populist eurosceptic party . 
  their entire argument related to immigration is that they want to reduce the number of eu migrants and increase the number of skilled asian migrants . 
  largest nuclear arsenal *, 
  not in the uk it is n't . 
  that 's almost jewish levels of atheism . 
  [ in romania the majority are orthodox . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/romani_people ) they 're usually the same religion of the historical majority in whatever country they 're from . 
   patriots were about to be prolonged as it is usually the case no they were not . 
  show me a source that says this . 
   germany pulled out their system effect immediatly no they did not . 
  they pulled it out as planned a year ago .
