  there are more americans , canadians , indians , chinese , etc than romanians so the only way to run the company is in a universal language . 
  since they 're in the usa , that 's english ( although it 's also english even outside the usa ) . 
  they hire a lot of people who believe weird conspiracy theories . 
  that still would n't really make any difference in the user base though . 
  it does n't matter how many romanians work there because no matter what romanian is still spoken by a very small number of people compared to other languages . 
  yeah but in this case it 's more like fixing a computer engineer 's computer . 
  the intended recipients of the letter are not random people off the street who do n't really know what 's going on . 
  but if your handicap is legitimate how would that matter ? 
  but what is the demand for italian ir graduates ? 
  maybe if you were from the us or something there could be an okay job market ( actually even then it would probably be weak ) , but from italy it seems mostly useless . 
  what kind of job could you get that would pay enough to get married , have children , buy a home , etc ? 
  the only ir grads i know work for almost nothing at news desks and this is in the uk , which has a much greater global presence than most countries . 
  consider going to graduate school and studying something more practical in business or finance fields if you ca n't do something stem at the very least or it will be very difficult to make ends meet . 
  how could that even be possible ? 
  romania is tiny compared to places like the usa and india , and even if a small percentage of people in the latter two countries used them they would outnumber romania . 
  you can still land without a motor if you 're over land though . 
  runways are not that rare over europe . 
  no they are not . 
  physicians are only closed in the sense that you need to meet certain qualifications to work as one . 
  they are not closed in any other way . 
  in greece countless professions are closed in the sense that to enter the field you need to buy a license from someone who leaves . 
  there are only a set number of people allowed to work in the field and for new people to enter it does n't matter how qualified they are , it matters what connections they have or who they can buy off . 
  this has been going on for decades and is a huge cause of greece 's horrible uncompetitiveness and weak private sector . 
  http://www.nytimes.com/2010/10/15/world/europe/15greece.html if you meet the requirements for a job or you want to open a business , you should be able to do so without having to jump through unfair hoops to get there . 
  in greece this is not the case because the idea of `` worker protections '' means preventing new workers from providing competition to existing ones . 
  not really though , a lot of his `` solutions '' are completely idiotic and would never work . 
  he 's good at identifying problems that other parties ignore , but once he does he just starts going on with simplistic rhetoric that sounds good but does n't make sense . 
  i 'm glad too ... i 'm very much pro-eu membership . 
  i 'm just pointing out that the benefits to the uk are much more indirect than to places like spain or poland . 
  the eu never gives the uk billions of euros to spend on infrastructure projects the way they do with other countries , and the money they give those other countries originally comes from places like the uk ( and france , germany , etc ) . 
  his views are n't really that unpopular though . 
  a lot of people who do n't vote for him are opposed to immigration and do n't like the eu for example , but since those are their biggest concerns they vote for other parties instead . 
  the reason he 's popular is because he has simple populist solutions to complex problems and because none of the main parties want to address those issues , he 's the only one left to collect the votes . 
  the drop in oil price price reduced their exports by ~ 30-40 % , so no . 
  it did serve as a major catalyst for the current economic situation though . 
  basically venezuela has no real private sector or sources of outside investment so it 's impossible for a regular economy ( like almost every other country ) to emerge . 
  it 's incredibly risky ( and thus incredibly expensive ) for a company to do business there , which means multinational giants like coca-cola or ford do n't want to build factories there despite its good location , cheap energy , and low wages . 
  no private investment means the state accounts for the bulk of the gdp , and the state gets its revenues from oil . 
  but the thing is , the government is somewhat ( less now than before ) popular despite all this because it 's very socialistic and gives free money/jobs/homes / etc to poor people , who in turn loyally vote for them . 
  they brought a lot of people from destitute poverty to poverty , but they ca n't really go beyond that . 
  chavez 's bolivarian revolution did n't collapse until now because oil was over $ 100/barrel for a decade , and in a way he 's lucky he died so that his legacy remained positive in the eyes of his supporters while maduro takes all the heat , despite carrying on with the same policies . 
  explains why renzi loves house of cards so much . 
  how does someone like that get elected in poland of all places ? 
  that 's like a stalinist winning a seat in the us congress or a kimilsungist-kimjongilist ( yes that 's what they really call it ) winning in south korea 's national assembly . 
  turkey is in nato too though so no . 
  the rest of nato would exert strong pressure on both sides to cease hostilities but they would n't go to war against one nato member to defend another . 
  you 're right about greek defence spending being a huge source of corruption though , but what spending is n't ? 
  infrastructure spending is just as corrupt too ... 
  turkey ? 
  i mean , there 's a reason turkey is in nato and why there are so many american bases there . 
  greece 's military is n't meant to defend europe from outside threats ; it 's meant to defend greece and it 's interests from turkey . 
  even in the case of some hypothetical greek-turkish conflict the rest of europe would n't be in danger because neither side has any motivation to attack anyone else . 
  greece should cut its defence spending , but that still would n't be enough since proportionally it 's just a small fraction of their pension spending . 
  do n't think her feminine wiles would work on men sch\u00e4uble 's age or on merkel though . 
  maybe some of the other countries would be on board but the `` leader of europe '' is a straight woman . 
  what greece needs is a beefcake to lead their negotiations . 
  plus benefits and pension obligations though . 
  i do n't know how it works specifically in greece but in most countries public employees cost substantially more than their salary would indicate . 
  in the uk that can be 2-3x more . 
  sure but in terms of net government funding the eu has been a loss , unlike much of southern and eastern europe . 
  our government has paid tens of billions more in than it has received in infrastructure spending or anything else . 
  it 's not really the same thing as what the spanish person was talking about and it 's actually the opposite . 
  that 's why farage has such an easy time attacking the eu -- on paper we are giving them more money than we receive . 
  the secondary benefits are where the actual money comes into britain , and yes it 's possible that is in the trillions ( although i 'm a bit sceptical because even without the eu a lot of that trade would have still taken place ) and it 's definitely in the billions . 
  this is n't really true in the same way . 
  britain has definitely benefited from the eu but we ' do actually paid billions more in than we 've ever directly received . 
  it 's the opposite situation from spain ; britain was always one of the `` donor '' nations . 
  but we have indirectly benefited from that in the form of having several more strong local economies to trade with and for our companies to the expand to . 
  it 's just a lot harder to quantify this so people like farage have an easy argument that we pay in more than we take out . 
  i feel like this belongs here : www.vox.com/2015/6/28/8858727/greece-gdp-chart, 
  of course he wo n't do that . 
  he 's trying to convince someone else to because there 's no way the us would be willing to give greece meaningful sums of money . 
  no they are n't a blank check . 
  the bailouts basically gave the government control over those banks until they paid the money back and many of them were run like state entities . 
  the executives were also replaced . 
  because argentina had the money to pay back but did n't want to ? 
  oh of course , israel , the big enemy of china and russia ... 
  there are still plenty of low-paid , unskilled jobs that are n't about to be replaced by automation though . 
  but yes , that number is going down and if anything that 's a good argument against unskilled immigration so natives with no other prospects can do those jobs . 
  it 's either than or you put them on benefits and they leech off the rest of society forever . 
  syriza 's official paper was running cartoons with merkel in a nazi uniform ... 
  neither were french/dutch/danish / belgians/etc and germans ... 
  for what navy ? 
  the russian navy is decrepit and useless other than their submarines and those do n't need a new base , especially not in the med surrounded by nato . 
  would n't it be the other way around ? 
  greeks do n't really have any spending money since the banks are closed so presumably the stores would be having trouble selling their goods rather than selling out of them . 
  the greek private sector is largely frozen now . 
  there may have been problems before the banks closed or before capital controls were implemented but i do n't see how that could still be the case . 
  that 's how the democrats lose the next election , so there 's no way it 's going to happen . 
  americans have even less of a welfare state than greece and i highly doubt they 'd be willing to prop up the greek state as it offers pensions and social services most americans could never dream of . 
  what does this even mean ? 
  do you seriously think russia or china would bail greece out without expecting loans to be repaid ? 
  that 's insane . 
  the eurozone ( and imf ) is the only body prepared to give greece any significant amount of money and this has been the case for years . 
  russia has an interest in breaking europe up but they do n't have an interest in losing billions of euros to greece . 
  the us has an interest in keeping europe together but does n't have an interest in losing billions either . 
  china is just sitting on the outside hoping the crisis gets resolved so they can go back to exporting more again . 
  he is n't stupid and he 's still part of a major political party that wants to keep power . 
  even if obama was very strongly pro-syriza he would n't give significant open support to them . 
  and he 's not really at pro-syriza ; by european standards he 's solidly centre-right .
