  japan does n't have much in the way of resources though . 
  it 's not nk , it 's china . 
  china is a permanent security council member who protect nk with their veto . 
  the un does n't even send strongly-worded letters because of that . 
  i find it hilarious that he just realised tyt is biased and inaccurate . 
  it 's literally an internet fox news for the left . 
  so in other words it has nothing to do with their location and everything to do with their policies . 
  portugal could easily be wealthy the same way ireland is ; its internal politics and poor policymaking that hold it back . 
  ok but nordics , japan , australia ? 
  they 're all way more peripheral than portugal . 
  because the uk should strive to be as good of an eu member as cyprus . 
  as long as you do n't render them stateless , there 's no international restriction on doing so . 
  presumably in danish law it is legal to revoke citizenship . 
  this guy was also a moroccan citizen so now he 's only that and lost his danish citizenship . 
  this has n't been true for a long time . 
  peripheral countries can do perfectly fine -- look at the nordic states for example . 
  and regardless , portugal is hardly peripheral if you consider north america part of the global economy too . 
  btw how do you explain japan , australia , korea , singapore , etc ? 
  they 're all on the global periphery more than portugal , especially before the rise of china . 
  also a huge portion of people who work there commute from other countries . 
  what ? 
  then explain how the usa and its 320m people make sense to you ... 
  ocean does n't necessarily make things better at that heat though . 
  if there air is more humid it actually feels even hotter . 
  in places like australia and the southern us literally every building has ac though . 
  how is this a secret ? 
  all of those countries have repeatedly stated openly that they do n't think the syrian government is legitimate and that assad must go . 
  in other news , the sky is blue . 
  hahaha this comment :  boy am i glad i packed lunch today did n't know i 'd be going on a feel trip, 
  why is it that democracy only applies to greece ? 
  and how is it greece 's democratic right to have access to other countries ' tax revenues ? 
  the council constantly goes against northern european countries too though so i do n't know . 
  they 're a thorn in everyone 's side at some point . 
  lol @ your username ... 
  still a misleading title though . 
  yes , but there 's no good reason to do that as opposed to withdrawing your money in euros and exchanging them for dollars or something . 
  that would be a lot safer too . 
  not most , but many . 
  you 're underestimating the number of republicans and undecideds in the north . 
  typically , countries with low enough incomes that people ca n't afford to pay taxes do not have extensive welfare states or sizeable pensions though . 
  greece seems to want all of that without collecting the taxes to pay for it . 
  hahaha what ? 
  you just said the al-sauds fund isis and then used sources that in no way suggest that . 
  do n't make accusations you ca n't back up mate . 
  yes , some saudi citizens back isis . 
  others even join isis . 
  the same is true for france and the uk and virtually every other country with a sizeable sunni population . 
  the saudi government is very strongly against isis if only because they want to stay in power . 
  who ? 
  can she do that in every other ez parliament though ? 
  and remember , they do n't exactly have much time . 
  defaulting is political suicide too once people realise that the cuts are going to have to be several times larger than what the troika wanted . 
  the latest impasse happened because the greeks did n't want to reduce pensions anymore , but in the case of a default those pensions would be completely annihilated . 
  being manoeuvrable enough to dogfight and being manoeuvrable enough to provide cas are two very different things . 
  the f-35 can easily handle cas , but it has disadvantages to the a-10 in that role because it ca n't loiter above the target area for as long and it has to return to a higher altitude after attacks to stay safe . 
  it 's just a trade-off they have to make , although they may not even do that for a while since they 're keeping the a-10 around . 
  the problem with the a-10 on the other hand is that it is completely useless against a sophisticated military like russia or china and would n't even be able to successfully carry out a single mission without getting shot down . 
  cas against modern aa is insanely dangerous . 
  why would anyone in their right mind try to dogfight with one in the first place ? 
  the f22 ca n't dogfight either but it 's the undisputed best air-to-air fighter in the world . 
  he left out the part where those debts they had to pay back were spent on all sorts of state expenses over the years . 
  it 's not like greek debt just magically appeared out of thin air when the crisis hit . 
  i think he removed the english thread and replaced them with a french google translated one . 
  that made a lot of people mad . 
  detroit has a lot of problems around race involved though , so it 's a bit different . 
  that 's also why people are reluctant to discuss it and when they do , it 's always in euphemisms or involves ignoring things like the race riots and subsequent white flight , which is the fundamental reason detroit collapsed . 
  the educated white people were scared for their safety and moved out of the city . 
  as a result , the automakers followed them since those people were their employees . 
  tax revenues in the city plummeted , the locals leftover were poor and uneducated so they elected horribly corrupt leaders for decades ( most of them are in federal prison now ) , crime skyrocketed , and so on . 
  meanwhile , the suburbs just outside detroit became enormously wealthy as the white people who fled the city and the companies who followed them were all there and paid taxes to those governments . 
  even today , the suburbs of detroit are some of the wealthiest places in the us . 
  as you can see , it does n't parallel very many other places . 
  only ones they/we do n't have to pay for . 
  after all , the uk is not in the eurozone, 
  i can guarantee you that illegal immigrants are n't the cause of greece 's problems right now . 
  they 're also not the only poor people in greece . 
  stop looking for scapegoats . 
  no outside party wants to touch this situation . 
  from their perspective it 's a an endless money sink . 
  if europe could n't handle greece why would russia or china or the usa even try ? 
  why would anyone really expect them to just throw billions at greece in the hope that this time it will be different ? 
  nope . 
  sa backs other groups ( who hate isis ) and they do so quite openly . 
  a lot of those other groups are pretty nasty islamists too but they do n't have ambitions outside syria and they do n't record their war crimes and put them online . 
  they also do n't target westerners or gulf states . 
  the islamic front was basically invented in riyadh . 
  several fsa affiliates have been open about receiving saudi weapons as well . 
  keep in mind , isis is a huge threat to the saudi monarchy . 
  literally every speech isis have put out so far as called the al-sauds illegitimate apostates and called for their downfall . 
  ok but no western military still uses dumb bombs so that 's irrelevant . 
  in syria today well over 99 % of us bombs hit their target ( and the ones that do n't are covered up by the kurds pretty quickly for pr reasons ) . 
  there is something like a 100:1 dead isis to civilian ratio . 
  considering the body count those 100 isis members have probably racked up and will add to in the future , that 's a huge net positive . 
  they do n't want to leave the eu for that very reason . 
  it would be disastrous . 
  and if energy prices increase , * all * prices increase . 
  greece imports 80 % of its energy . 
  something something tourism boost . 
  that 's pretty much the entire argument for inflation . 
  greece is n't a major exporter and imports the majority of its necessary goods including food + energy , which means everything will go up in price with inflation .
