  and in the short-term everyone including proponents of a grexit acknowledge there would be complete economic catastrophe . 
  so the new greek economy is supposed to be based on tourism , fees from a gas pipeline , and small-arms manufacturing ( which let 's be honest , this will not even happen because greek labour costs vs productivity make manufacturing unfeasible ) ? 
  how would that even come close to paying back greek debts or maintaining the state that syriza wants ? 
  how would it not cost the ecb anything ? 
  do you have a credible source backing up that claim ? 
  a split where the ecb ( and ez member states ) prop up a new greek currency would be unfeasible without massive debt relief , and that would cost tens if not hundreds of billions of euros . 
  is there any historical example of a country in greece 's position not adopting a strong foreign currency like the usd/euro ? 
  i ca n't really think of one ... sure in some cases local governments * tried * to implement new local currencies , but those were not used for commerce and almost everyone traded in usd . 
  and in other cases like cuba , the government ended up having to create parallel currencies because one had virtually no value and they could n't pay state employees using worthless money . 
  would n't be surprised . 
  there 's loads of old and stupid laws leftover from the past but since courts are able to throw them out there is no real reason for legislators to spend time cleaning them up . 
  maybe after a century of mass migration but come on ... dm is so absurd at times it 's not even funny anymore . 
  tunisia is 98 % muslim ... the place is full of mosques . 
  80 is n't a lot . 
  that 's the point though . 
  nobody was charged with violating it for decades until lawrence , and when that happened it went to higher courts all the way to the top . 
  that 's how common law works . 
  we still have witch-hunting laws on the books here but nobody is going to try to enforce them because that 's a waste of everyone 's time and it will obviously be thrown out . 
  some states tried that but it was pointless since marriage has a lot of legal aspects involved at all levels , so it 's smarter to just legally extend marriage to gay couples as well rather than invent new categories . 
  the religious aspect of marriage is the same and churches can deny gay marriage if they want , but the state can not anymore anywhere in the us or its territories . 
  the majority of the us population supported it for a while now though , but only the supreme court could enforce it nationwide because it 's a federal republic . 
  the only legislative way to achieve the same thing would be a constitutional revision and that was n't going to happen . 
  usa is a common law jurisdiction so it should n't be surprising that weird unused laws like that were n't removed from the books . 
  all kinds of backwards laws still exist in common law jurisdictions but since nobody bothers trying to use them , they never go to any courts to be struck down . 
  what do you mean ? 
  not true . 
  they 've been issuing licences for hours already and they are n't going to challenge the ruling . 
  i think the republicans just want this issue to go away before the next election so the democrats lose one of their biggest winning arguments with younger voters . 
  i thought texas always had a good economy ? 
  it was just backwards socially compared to the rest of the us and western world in general ... 
  oh yeah absolutely . 
  but wanting future leaders who can measure up to past ones of note is not really a bad thing either . 
  this stuff is all front page material on most major european publications though . 
  hell , look at leftist papers like the guardian and it 's all about migration , terrorism , russia/ukraine , etc. 
  i get the concern over racists and fascists posting here but the issues they 're bringing up are things that normal people are talking about too . 
  those guys just reach wildly different conclusions from everyone else . 
  a small victory for * certain * workers ' rights . 
  ftfy if you do n't have a cab license you 're screwed , and of course cab licensing is a completely corrupt racket . 
  he 's still widely popular everwhere but russia though . 
  even in countries that have negative opinions of the usa people see obama positively . 
  fdr was the classic `` great leader '' though . 
  he passed massive reforms domestically , led the us/western allies through world wars in europe and asia , created a new stable global order , and did so while being elected to four consecutive terms . 
  he was successful they actually had to change their constitution to prevent presidents from being able to stay in power so long . 
  he was probably one of the `` greatest '' leaders in modern history , and probably would be * the * greatest western one of the 20th century . 
  also mlk was n't despised by most white americans ; he was quite popular . 
  a minority in the lesser-populated areas disliked him , but in the major cities ( in the north ) he was a hero . 
  jfk is remembered because of things like his vocal support for civil rights ( mostly because of his brother ) and his call to land on the moon . 
  after he died the civil rights legislation was passed by lbj in kennedy 's memory and the opposition found it very difficult to challenge a dead president 's legacy . 
  and of course , they eventually went to the moon so jfk was vindicated . 
  as do churchill , he was a great wartime leader but that 's pretty much where his skill ended . 
  people generally agreed that he was a rubbish peacetime pm . 
  yeah but they 're probably considered apostates so it 's ok . isis has a nasty habit of calling everyone they do n't like hypocrites and apostates , hence their ideological justification for attacking the kurds ( who are like 96 % sunni ) and the fsa ( ~ 100 % sunni ) . 
  it 's one of the main reasons aq and isis broke ranks -- aq only wants to kill non-sunni muslims and does n't support labelling other sunnis as apostates whereas isis wants to kill everyone who disagrees with them , including people who call themselves sunni . 
  that is functionally the same . 
  it 's inaccessible to people who were n't already there and it 's a stupid way to handle things . 
  remove the duplicate posts and leave the original or the one with the most upvotes up . 
  i do n't really think you understand what free speech means . 
  of course it does n't mean you can say whatever you want without consequence , but it also does n't have a parallel to the tackling example you gave . 
  freedom of speech means that you should be able to express controversial and offensive views without fear of legal consequences or physical violence , and the state should be the guarantor of your right to express those views . 
  if you get fired for saying them , fine . 
  your boss has a right to fire you if they so choose . 
  if you get ostracised by your community , fine as well . 
  but you can not go to prison nor can someone attack you . 
  the entire reason our modern world exists is free speech , especially speech against religion . 
  the only parts of the world where once can not openly blaspheme prophets and gods are the parts of the world still mired in neverending violence and grinding poverty . 
   people will think bad = charles manson , charles manson = prophet muhammed , prophet muhammed = bad or the other way around . 
  i mean , muhammad has a substantially higher body count than manson . 
  * / ijustcutmyselfontheedge *, 
   fuck freedom of speech , say what you want , okay , but keep in mind that you do n't have to cry because you got hurt by saying something . 
  expect that consequences will follow and be ready to accept it if you say something offensive . 
  if you do n't like free speech move somewhere without it . 
  if you want to live in a post-enlightenment western society , that means you have to be willing to accept free speech . 
  or at the very least not violently oppose it . 
  if the `` consequences '' of offensive speech are murders and bombings , we have a duty to continue speaking offensively . 
   by the way , someone please explain to me why people are so much against muslims when there are clearly more jews slaughtering the people in gaza ? 
  have you perhaps seen their videos ? 
  the videos of isis are nothing compared to those . 
  to be clear , are you saying israel kills more muslims than isis ? 
  do you have a source for that ? 
  hell , isis , assad , the fsa , nusra , the iraqi government , etc. 
  all kill more muslims than israel . 
  assad killed more last year than israel did in the last 70 years ... also , what does this even have to do with the topic at hand ? 
  even if israel killed more muslims than other muslims , what bearing would that have on what happens in the netherlands ? 
   now , another thing , why the fuck was this picture necesarry ? 
  see the free speech part above . 
  if it 's big enough and followed by enough people , we call it a religion . 
  otherwise it 's just a cult . 
  as far as i can tell , that 's really the only functional difference . 
  cabbies are pretty terrible drivers though , and many of them are recent immigrants from third world countries so it 's not like they have a long track record of safe driving . 
  they also have a business model based on ripping you off . 
  i do n't care at all what happens to them and if they 're so threatened by uber they should become uber drivers . 
  and if you 're concerned that uber drivers are n't as licensed as cabbies , why not lobby your government to allow them to get licensed ? 
  the fact that cab licenses are a protectionist racket is n't uber 's fault . 
  someone downvoted you but honestly you 're right . 
  if i could trade chavs for indian immigrants , i would do it in a heartbeat . 
  they 're kinda the exception though as far as third world immigrants go . 
  nope , there have been somali and bangladeshi ones too . 
  has n't france been caught spying on the us several times now though ? 
  not on the president , but presumably that 's much more difficult to do with all the nsa counter-intelligence around him . 
  well yea , everyone is against spying when they 're on the losing end but we all still do it because of the potential advantages .
