  isnt it always drinking time in russia ? 
  or do these people actually go into politics to change policy in benefit of their last employer ? 
  then theyre in politics for a few years and then they bugger off back to the multinationals they came from . . ofcourse with a big fat increase in pay and benefits . . plenty of dutch politicians are very good at this , but there is no conflict of interest whatsoever / s, 
  i cant watch any of it , due to not being in the uk . 
  but we do get bbc ( and probably pay for it too ), 
  we still have a few handfull . . more than plenty to crush the stupid belgians , especially if we start bombing the frietkotten . . then the entire country will be in chaos, 
  we must invest in eastern polan, 
  wtf . . how do they watch tv around there ? 
  eh cant you get upc/ziggo everywhere ? 
  italians always seemed stangely absent from the internet , guess the internet being garbage is the culprit, 
  cheap as chips, 
  see jezza , you should have just raped children on the side . . then the bbc wouldnt have given a shit and you could have continued for 20 years . . but hitting a grown man is just over the line, 
  doesnt help that you guys used to play the part so well, 
  no , its better that all the other european countries pay for their mess , so that they can do it again and again, 
  so instead of 5 planes ready , we now have 8 ready , yay, 
  i certainly have learned that there are plenty of people are smarter than me , and its comically obvious that you 're not one of these people by even a very very wide margin , nothing you 've said so far has made any amount of sense whatsoever . 
  i have taken shits that could have taught me more in 5 minutes than you could do in an eternity, 
  the only thing i could learn from you is being a blind dickhead that doesnt have a clue what he 's on about , stop being such a failtroll, 
  maybe you go crawl back under the shitty rock you came underneath from ? 
  you 're fucking annoying alright, 
  it should, 
  what has drinking urine vs water got to do with any of this mr scientist ? 
  maybe you could actually look it up so i dont have to convince you , because i dont really give a shit if you believe me or not . 
  all i know is that when i google for jellyfish sting treatments , i get a million sites telling me not to urinate on it , because its a bullshit old wives tale that could actually make it worse . . and science seems to agree with that, 
  or the same effect you would have if you would just rinse it with something that isnt piss ? 
  no it doesnt , urine is 99 % freshwater , which in some cases actually makes the sting worse . . because freshwater actually triggers the venomous barbs that havent been set off yet . . not all jellyfish stings are same but in general there isnt much that can be done against the pain thats actually effective, 
  broomsticks for everyone !, 
  i see . . yes that should be fine . . you can legally buy and use specialized closets that have high powered lighting and airfilters installed , theyre expensive though, 
  whats a space bucket ? 
  the cop out answer is treaties and because of pressure from germany and france . . but we all know we can just say fuck it and legalize it anyway . . disband the retarded treaty and tell france and germany to solve their own shit, 
  honestly nobody really knows , police can just come by your house and start yanking them from the garden and there 's nothing you can do . . if youre growing them inside however they need a warrant and you dont really get prosecuted for having 5 plants . . so inside is a much better idea, 
  was there 2 weeks ago . . got kicked out of the dom by the priest for refusing to not wear a hat 10/10 would heresy again, 
  i had sate pizza the other day . . which would be pretty dutch in a sense . . i dont think its very popular but it was great nonetheless, 
  also full of germans . . coincedence ? 
  because time and money, 
  we dont want any, 
  a wiki in limburgish ? 
  what ? 
  the buying of uranium and generating electricity is cheap . . building the plant , servicing the plant , decommissioning the plant and getting rid of the waste is extremely expensive . . but it doesnt contribute a whole lot to global warming , so it all kinda evens out, 
  for some reason i see dodge rams all over the place lately , also lots of suvs have been sold in the last 10 years . . and hardly anyone who bought one had a legitimate use for it, 
  thing is , the company that the info got stolen from is only the 4th biggest . . imagine the amount of shit the 3 biggest have to hide, 
  done . 
  ian mckellen and patrick stewart !, 
  he 's far from being far right however . . most of his ` policies ' are actually pretty left, 
  ... really ? 
  but also a hard l, 
  wish more snackbars around here had proper friet met stoofvlees , 
  hmmm . . almost suspicious, 
  sure its pretty common , live close to a new suburb which has famous americans as streetnames . . elvis , sinatra etc. . and quite a few presidents are also in there, 
  gaulish still exists ? 
  this , i hardly ever wash my hands with soap and cant even remember the last time i was really sick ( not me faking it :d ), 
  yep its pretty strange . . i have keyboard i can actually wash in a sink though , so ive got that going for me, 
  i dont know , but i dont wash my hands with soap all that often , only if theyre actually dirty . . also way too many people have phobias of bacteria on the toilet , but never wash their hands after using doorknobs or keyboards . . which statistically are far worse, 
  banning a face veil is banning a religion ? 
  i could come up with a million different religions that would require the followers to wear skimasks at all times . . shit 's not going to fly anywhere, 
  doubt the police would give a shit . . hell there 's this dude in amsterdam that skeelers around in a pink thong . . even in winter . . so yeah . . 
  hell our unemployment benefits are higher than your average wage . . and you can also apply for healthcare and rent subsidy on top of that, 
  we 'll just nuke it , it would be for the best, 
  because they can and nothing will be done about it, 
  or not even that , most jobs in healthcare require some pretty specific schooling and training before they even consider you, 
  they can leave the compound . . im sure there are rules though . . at least the one we have here , but its in the middle of the city basically, 
  communism is an end goal . . they were a far way off, 
  [ this ] ( https://www.triodos.com/en/about-triodos-bank/ ) one is doing pretty decent, 
  meh binding agents are inactive . . at least with pills you get a standard dose . . crystals are far more finicky to dose right . . especially when you 're partying, 
  no thats just the people that respond to a particular house . . in a year ill still be in the same position more or less . . in 5 years i might breach the top 30 if im lucky, 
  yeah i could move there , and then do what ? 
  count sheep ? 
  milk cows ? 
  not all , but 99 % . . there was nowhere to run to anyway, 
  or about as bad as amsterdam or even worse . . im in a city of 150k and im lucky if there 's 3 social housing options every week . . my place in line is like 80-120 if i respond , its a goddamn joke, 
  was a spanish ` colony ' at the time though, 
  how hard can it really be ? 
  its designed to shoot airplanes from the sky , all you really have to do is check the radar and select a target . . fire and thats it, 
  germans were always into kinky stuff, 
  its like a green mordor, 
  less than welfare here : /, 
  yeah ofcourse i know of silvio . . but he 's kinda gone isnt he ? 
  theyre already doing this on texel . . they made potatoes that can grow with saltwater , so our fries are safe :d maybe we dont even have to add salt anymore, 
  those hard fought agreements are a joke anyway . . to achieve anything serious we would have to take drastic measurements right fucking now , but most of the people dont want to give up their comfy lives for anything , so were fucked anyway, 
  renzi seems fine though ? 
  or have i been missing stuff . . 
  im talking about the root of common words . . the other germanic languages also have had plenty of influences from latin and french . . 
  most ordinary words in english are from germanic . . 
  punchingbag belgium is best belgium, 
  i wonder how much the portuguese and dutch fucked them over economically by finding new routes to the east and cutting out the ottoman middle man, 
  we 'll have our pay . . or we 'll have our fun !, 
  eh i cant really complain , plenty of turks here, 
  all this talk made me hungry for a d\u00f6ner, 
  they still paid 100eu , still fucking ripped off, 
  no donar = thor especially funny in dutch since thursday is `` donderdag '' which comes from donar 's day but donder in dutch actually means thunder, 
  yeah how the fuck do you justify this against ordinary irish people that have a business ? 
  can they phone up the minister of finance or some high tax clerk and just go `` yeah i dont feel like paying tax either , and you 're doing it for apple so why not me ? '', 
  have fun sitting behind bars for not paying taxes, 
  a pretty new one , considering the old ones are over 35000 years old, 
  ah perfect !, 
  `` ottoman empire '' is not just what is modern day turkey , it was pretty goddamn big, 
  potential killing radius maybe , nothing certain at that distance, 
  cheap as chips , 
  jazz cabbage, 
  theyre really acting a bit weird lately ,
