the netherlands apparently is though . . but only for intellectual property, 
  spain , greece and portugal have similar problems, 
  well syria 's up for grabs if they want to, 
  but he was modernizing !, 
  its pretty much the same . . like stews are the same everywhere, 
  you make it sound like half the world is burning and there are dozens of millions of victims . . the outbreak has been pretty contained for the most part and only a few thousand have died . . 
  hysteria much ? 
  just put another schnitzel on the barbie, 
  i drive through them , thats bad enough, 
  i actually like wallonia , then again i dont leave the ardennes :p, 
  well give it a 100 years . . who knows, 
  why look at billboards when you have to evade pot holes the size of cementtrucks . . 
  its probably more known as `` the place we always go to , to fight france '', 
  ollanders, 
  i agree , weve ordered jsf 's . . which arent even fully functional at the moment or so it seems . . would have rather seen that money go to a european made fighter that actually exists and performs, 
  or a tunnel so you dont even have to see belgium, 
  got ta spend that budget to receive it next year again, 
  last time i drove through it wasnt all that bad as i remembered actually . . im glad they gotten rid of those concrete slab highways . . 
  english maybe , i could see 2 being a better average but certainly not 3.2 . . but you wont find a lot of people that are proficient in 3 , let alone 4 to get that average up, 
  eastern turkey is more dangerous than most parts of iraq lol, 
  north france has some decent breweries aswell, 
  there were people there long before all this, 
  yup , wait long enough and we 'll have retrieved it, 
  great comic, 
  throw your hands up in the air, 
  mary and willem also were first cousins . . lol, 
  isnt britain more expensive to live ? 
  even on cartoons theyre horrible aside from a few exceptions here and there, 
  well stop giving it to the english wankers then , 
  im sure you can see for miles and miles , 
  or a tour past the rhine , tons of old stuff still there, 
  greater russia sure , but almost the entire population lives in europe and is distinctively european . . the country isnt seperate from europe in anyway except politics . . 
  i very much doubt this . . edit , youre right , was confusing you with switzerland :(, 
  this is a myth, 
  1396 best year of my life !, 
  oettinger beer rocks !, 
  wheelybin for the win, 
  bronies would try to rape them, 
  w\u00f6rk harder germoney !, 
  i saw an advertisement for all terrain wheelchairs the other day . . so theyre well prepared, 
  praise jan pawel, 
  wait it isnt even totally original ? 
  irish scamming bastards , 
  the mining of uranium is incredibly bad environmentally aswell . . there 's only like 0.1 gram of the stuff in a ton of dirt, 
  meh , not any worse than any other place around here . . same amount of waterfilled ditches . . less roads, 
  we recently merged something with the germans aswell . . not sure what, 
  id definately visit newgrange over blarney, 
  they also save lives, 
  some rally driving lessons could be fun, 
  he probably only has one friend , thats why, 
  more than 5 ? 
  even [ better ] ( http://www.model-making.eu/zdjecia/6/8/8/3147_0-auto_downl.jpg ), 
  probably the engine, 
  they were gon na make matchsticks out of them anyway, 
  i trusted you ... 
  well they could plant some trees now and have apples in 5 years or something, 
  nah i 'd be okay with that, 
  better than yo , where the weed at bro ? 
  were just afraid theyre trying to undermine the dunes and drown us all so they can have amersfoort aan zee so they dont have to drive so far, 
  they probably expect them to evade half of the tax anyway so it evens out again, 
  thing with the micro 's is they mostly attract multinationals . . i dont know of any big banks originating in luxembourg for instance , even though its a banking wet dream, 
  easy froggy, 
  but are business allowed to discriminate their potential customers ? 
  probably not, 
  my reasoning would be . . if theyre allowed to go into a bank ( or something similar ) wearing a burqa then i should be allowed to walk in there with a black skimask , i could easily make the claim its for religious reasons aswell . . they should be just as valid . . but they will never be, 
  should be getting used to it by now , 
  lazy southern bastards , 
  youre being downvoted but you 're probably right . . you would be the second most populous country with a lot of say unless they gimp the current system, 
  lol never knew v\u00f6ller got yellow after rijkard spat in his hair , hahaha, 
  most of them didnt want to die for anyone or anything, 
  its astounding the irish never bother with seafood . . 
  im always amazed in france how many excellent types of cured meats and sausages french butcheries have . . whilst not really being known for them . . i love it, 
  or the building and decomissioning of the power plants . . which both costs billions a piece . . 
  welcome goulash, 
  he has the haircut for it, 
  royalty is sometimes just as shady though , they still have vast wealth and hardly pay for anything, 
  kinda weak is an understatement lol, 
  dirty dozen is pretty fun too, 
  hell if we let the germans do their thing , they could do it all by their own :p, 
  lol, 
  it entirely depends on the company, 
  rye bread with nuts is heavy enough to use like a brick though, 
  scotland might go independent soon , nobody really knows what will happen, 
  which government ? 
  they have like 7 :p, 
  yeah but we want some of that juicy free energy aswell . . now its getting wasted on 300k herringfishers that rob banks on the side , 
  cant we just invade it and turn it into a giant geothermal energystation ? 
  groenlinks was a whole mix of different parties on the left fusing together , not strictly communists, 
  monies, 
  but with 4,5 times as many people . . still doesnt make them very wealthy overrall . . plus the inequality is huge there , hardly a strong middle class, 
  too much tokkies, 
  but really most of his stuff is very very left , and then pretty much only in migration issues he 's far right , so classifying him as far right would be a little odd, 
  far right ? 
  most his stuff is very left, 
  i voted for the party of animals , 
  you can still order a few online, 
  they can be pretty opportunistic though , however most of the time theyll run from you anyway, 
  them leaving the union ? 
  or do they offer this kind of thing all the time ? 
  are they getting scared ?
