  and strawberries, 
  yeah only holy men with beards are allowed to wear dresses !, 
  but only if the uploader provides that much bandwith , which is very unlikely . . also im sure you cant get it everywhere, 
  they sure are fabulous, 
  you 're not wrong , but its not going to work, 
  how does finland have so much personnel ? 
  is there still a draft ? 
  and they dont have work to go to anyway , lets invade russia, 
  ive had a basket of froglegs in france , they were great . . you should try, 
  and they can play guitar , which is nice, 
  honestly , to just blame the americans is very shortsighted , its merely where the first domino tipped over . . insane banking practices were global , and nothing much has really changed, 
  how is putin a fascist ? 
  he has some dictator traits but fascist ? 
  hmm well schengen doesnt apply to the whole of europe , but its definately a big improvement, 
  back to herring, 
  yup its pretty popular here , but so are a lot of festivals , and there are tons around, 
  only in emergencies, 
  dialects have almost died out . . it used to be that you couldnt understand a word of anyone who was born 2 villages over . . 
  welsh then ? 
  big no-no in amsterdam ? 
  wtf . . i smoke there plenty and its really not a big deal or a deal at all . . hell on queensday a policeman even gave me a light when i caught him smoking a ciggarette . . i only know of one place in amsterdam where you cant , and it even has special signs saying so . . but this has more to do with people handing around all day and doing nothing, 
  researches have found no such evidence . . the best way to minimize the stinging is either rinsing with seawater or vinegar . . and even those are pretty ineffective . . 
  it doesnt actually help with the pain or anything . . its just a widespread urban myth . . i would still propose to piss on someone 's leg if he gets stung though . . just for fun, 
  the world 's in dire need of more `` ij '', 
  hold my accordeon, 
  oh thats the interactive map , didnt even knew it did anything, 
  hell theyre even ignoring you guys on the r/europe map right next to this :p but andorra and liechtenstein are marked, 
  yeah yeah , you had yer chance , 
  good guy turkey, 
  yeah but those dont end up in the ground here , so we can pretend all is well, 
  every jan pawel statue needs guards !, 
  by whom ? 
  also how the fuck would an orphanage cost 24k a month for 4 people ? 
  are they dining in 5 star restaurants every evening ? 
  yeah i guessed as much . . then again they ship humongous quantities of goods via containerships anyway . . there 's probably ways to get cheap space there compared to other places , the ships are going in our direction anyways, 
  yep . . and strangely enough when you order something from china . . its free . . ehh, 
  lol when i was young i always thought it was dokter anders too . . like a dokter , but anders :p, 
  photoshop ? 
  now that you mention it . . i was in a trafficjam in belgium last week for like 4km . . and i counted 2 exploded truck tires and at least 4 exploded car tires along the road . . i was like `` hmmm , well no shit were in a traffic jam '', 
  only france has a foreign legion right ? 
  most annoying voice ever . . 
  eh cheapest i can get in nl is like 40c per half liter . . wouldnt recommend them though, 
  yep it wouldnt be neccessary most of the times , but with a lift like this . . a huge heavy slab that catches a lot of wind while the cranes are on floating platforms . . sounds a lot more risky than your usual constructioncrane doing stuff . . all you really need is take the height of the crane and make that the exclusion zone around it . . and maybe add 20 meters as a buffer, 
  well its the rhine . . but you 're right . . but that would probably be a more expensive solution, 
  humidity, 
  romania into relevance, 
  you also need billions upon billions to invest, 
  what about suriname and french guyana ? 
  ill donate some rakija, 
  speech impediments cant be counted as dialects dear co inhabitant of this lovely nation, 
  well we removed them . . you just kinda failed :p, 
  what ? 
  doner without garlic sauce is blasphemy, 
  good, 
  britonistan, 
  denmark is the capital of amsterdam, 
  lots goes through british virgin islands . 
  which have 0 % effective tax [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9p057-k-hfy] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9p057-k-hfy ), 
  there 's no too fast in belgium , the objective is to be in belgium for the shortest possible time , 
  yeah for all you know the person has a knife or something . . why would some supermarket employee potentially put their life at stake trying to prevent some dude from stealing a 3 euro chickenbreast . . when i worked in one i was definately not going to chase these people , i dont get paid enough to give a shit, 
  common misconception , but africa is hardly overpopulated . . europe is though, 
  so they immediately get money to get another boat ticket across ? 
  wtf, 
  theyre all related, 
  and a thistle as national plant hehe, 
  well 19th century . . doubt napoleon had many mercenaries, 
  entirely depends on the circumstance, 
  get rekt france , haha, 
  horse steak is great . . damn italians, 
  the trailer shows only 1 % of the action and explosions really . . 
  this is perfect for a certain comic section, 
  wait , wtf germany ? 
  i hope australia wins, 
  work for free , i can believe . . 
  interesting music . . it does get a little annoying after a while though, 
  another level entirely, 
  haha yeah , i suppose it wouldnt really skew the averages too much overrall, 
  really ? 
  but bmi can be pretty stupid . . it only correlates weight with height . . bodybuilders would be considered obese . . 
  really ? 
  ive had great beers in/from northern france . . tons of great little breweries around that produce beer you might not be able to find in most shops . . 
  i dont even want to know . . 
  if it wasnt for the british , the street would be paved with gold in india / s, 
  dear god . . 
  eh , rich people are usually the best politically connected , you know that shit would never really fly . . vvd would scream bloody murder, 
  why would police care ? 
  theyre not getting a cut, 
  ok , good to know , 
  yes ? 
  i 'd move there too if i had a billion bucks, 
  theyre not actually artificial . . all the genes in these plants can be found in natural plants . . the problem is creating a crop that has these genes for a long time to come . . check out the tegenlicht docu on it, 
  copyrighting genes should be illigal , theyre all natural, 
  were already neighbors in the caribean , 
  with that attitude you 'll never be european , 
  no race is not real , there is just genetic variety, 
  then the target is a joke, 
  exploded back into 300 city states . . nobody expected it, 
  ehh have you ever seen all the popular dutch holiday destinations ? 
  theyre filled with kroketjes van fred and gimped albert heijns selling peanutbutter and hagelslag . . brits do the same with their fish n chips and pubs, 
  they wouldnt do it if it wasnt neccessary though . . they 'd rather live in volendam on the spanish coast . .
