bending over backwards just to accommodate your little stunts . 
  this is n't bending over backwards though . 
  it 's following eu laws . 
  where does all this empire bs come from ? 
  as opposed to using an attempted coup to promote human rights . 
   80 % of foreign academics leaving in the coming years are you sure it was n't reducing to 80 % ? 
   it is n't at all . 
  people lend the uk money by buying bonds and if uk proves not to be credit worthy by failing on commitments , it will cause the uk very real problems . 
  that would be true assuming the uk lost otherwise it 's fair game . 
  [ this article does agree but it 's fairly old ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-37532364 ), 
  i really do n't see why this is unfair . 
  surely , the scottish public should see a post brexit britain and then decide on whether they want a referendum . 
  she probably wanted to show how tough she was by essentially saying `` clean up this mess '' . 
  unfortunately , she did n't realise how stupid the three brexiteers could be . 
  we 've got fox and davis who are clueless and we 've got boris who 's pissing off as many foreign leaders as possible like it was bingo, 
  i think cameron already had the idea in his head that if he lost he would have to resign . 
  actually opinion polls show that . 
  westminster can block a referendum if they want . 
  she 's probably pissed off because of the rugby this weekend . 
  oddly enough , i think that trump is actually one of the few politicians who 's going ahead with what they said . 
  whether mlp follows suit if she wins is another story . 
  hollander had a 4 % approval rating at one point . 
  surely , stating this will mean she is going to poll higher . 
  i 'm not sure since the lords are actually standing up to the tories and the public do n't want to give the government a free pass on everything . 
  so as you may or.may not know for the bill to be passed the hol must also approve it . 
  if they do n't , it goes back to the hoc where it should be debated and voted on before being passed usually with amendments . 
  the government does have a majority so they can just make no amendments and pass it through . 
  this means it 's basically a game where it goes back and forth between the houses . 
  this can happen for a year before the lords have to pass it through . 
  may 's idea was that the government would n't be willing to guarantee the rights of eu citizens living in the uk as long as the eu reciprocates . 
  essentially , using them as a bargaining chip . 
  the hol disagreed 358 to 256 . 
  despite their polling i do n't think abolishing the house of lords and giving the tories a free pass on everything will go down well with the public . 
  no no it 's america first eu second . 
  at least your summer lasts for more than 2 weeks, 
  i never said it was impossible hence why i used the word smoothest . 
  however , there are many factors to consider and language tends to be a major one . 
  as a result , moving to the other 27 is a lot more difficult than packing up your bags . 
  the most fundamental thing you need to be able to do when moving to a new country is speak the language . 
  it 's impossible to migrate anywhere without knowing how to rent a house , open a bank account and tell your doctor what 's wrong with you . 
  since english is so dominant , moving to the uk is the smoothest country to migrate to . 
  i 'm not saying polish workers wo n't move to other places but it 's not as easy as packing up your bags and buying a plane ticket . 
  it 's sad but some of them have no choice . 
  i genuinely believed that our conservative government , made up of oxford graduates , would n't really try and base their strategy on that statement . 
  you make it sound like this buffon was n't appointed our foreign secretary . 
  can someone explain why it has to be an upfront bill ? 
  if we decided to spread this out to 2020 , then why not pay annually like before and just continue as it is ? 
  edit : grammar, 
  great great britain, 
  no , the eu is terrible at fixing issues and, 
  can switzerland bring their countryside over ? 
  i imagine the bill and the uk 's claim will be far less than what it is stated to be . 
  the tps tory privatised service, 
  you mean you want may to piss off the people she 's negotiating with ? 
  that 's generally not a good idea . 
  you can keep belgium in exchange one day a year the queen gets to slap the french president with a baguette until it breaks . 
  alright then how about all out european war . 
  we get the yanks on our side you guys get the whole eu ? 
  i wonder what innovative new solution they 're going to come up with that will totally work / s, 
  it 's worrying because it feels like putin has indirect access to the world 's most powerful country and judging by his track record putin is going to use that to chip away at europe . 
   sorry bad meme i know but it just felt right i 'm not even sure if a meme was a thing when that was uploaded, 
  considering the eu has constantly been talking about ` punishment ' are you really surprised by may deciding to align with the us more ? 
  in gdp possibly but usa is far ahead in technology and innovation . 
  i do n't know why this is being downvoted . 
  one common currency has hurt countries like italy by being too strong for them . 
  it 's all right according to our lord and saviour farage we can pay with our new currency : sovereignty . 
  that would n't go down well and it would split the tories ( which would seem like a good thing ) but more populist sentiment might come out . 
  because nato is the main way europe is protected if members are n't paying in then defence is weaker which is especially worse when russia has shown aggression . 
  we have more chicken shops m8 . 
  i think the main concern is whether this leads to germany gaining more power which the other countries would hate . 
   after prime minister theresa may triggers the formal process for leaving the eu , which she intends to do by the end of march , her team will be free to start trade talks around the world , a senior official said , speaking anonymously about the confidential plans . 
   the move would directly contradict senior eu politicians , who say britain can not legally begin negotiations on trade deals with countries outside europe until it has left the bloc . 
  despite this , officials in may 's team believe the eu will have no authority to stop the u.k. once the brexit process has started , and little political appetite for a fight on this issue . 
  i 'm confused because i thought the rules of article 50 was that you trigger it and for 2 years you are under eu trade agreements but begin negotiating your own trade agreements . 
  first brexit setiment was spreading now corbyn is spreading ? 
  seems like our main export is poorly thought out decisions . 
  many people were under the impression that we 'd begin leaving immediately because you know cameron would 've planned both sides . 
  she crazy, 
  i hear le pen is leading in the polls . 
  as a brit , it was odd seeing your capital second in terms of unemployment . 
  also , unlike merkel , french politicians are n't as liked by the french let alone the rest of europe . 
  sure she has come under fire for her refugee policy but she 's seen 3 french presidents and 4 british pm 's . 
  potentially italy or spain in the long term but for the foreseeable future germany will be the clear leader . 
   germany only get 's one 27th of a say though on paper but tbh germany 's opinion matters much more than any other single eu nation . 
  banks clear way for potato farmers . 
  wonder what the daily mail spin will be, 
  i think nato is good compared to the alternative of a european army . 
  regardless of what type of english you speak the most common language that 's across the continent happens to be english . 
  [ here you can look it up ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_indian_nobel_laureates ) also , take a guess as to where the current ceo 's of microsoft and google came from ? 
  because all of us have a common language : english . 
  therefore , most articles are going to come from british news outlets which primarily focus on british affairs . 
  also , between the 3 major players in the eu brexit has the most significant impact on all of us . 
  they could put up legislation like they do with switzerland which stops chinese steel dumping . 
  it 's okay canary wharf was crowded anyway . 
  in a negotiation , the end results tend to go towards the intention of the bigger one . 
  awesome, 
  well for the next 2 years it 's business as usual since the eu and uk will be negotiating . 
  i think you will get the right to travel visa free to europe but you wo n't be able to live there unlike the current arrangement . 
  damn , hollande really fucked the left wing side of france . 
  how well is she doing on the polls ?
