hey !, 
  sorry for getting back to you so late . 
  i did n't notice your comment until now . 
  i 'd say that you will hear about 3/4 of them on a regular basis . 
  out of those , 1 , 5 , 7 , 8 , 9 , 11 , 12 , 13 , 14 , 15 , 20 and 21 are used more frequently among young people , while the rest are slightly old fashioned or favoured more in some regions than others . 
  keep in mind that most if not all of them are rather colloquial , and as such they 'll rarely be used in formal conversations . 
  in case you were wondering : yes , the anthem of the uefa champions league is an adaptation of this coronation anthem . 
  i thought it was ok and i 've also upvoted it . 
  i just do n't understand that title : it uses a melody from bach 's toccata and fuga in d minor , yet the name mentions beethoven . 
  this is fantastic . 
  thank you !, 
  that technique ... 
  anyway , this piece is the one that got me into classical music after listening to jason becker 's adaptations of paganini 's caprices on electric guitar . 
  i remember that i practised so hard and was finally able to play part of it on guitar . 
  it 's insane though . 
  here 's the official website for my city 's candidature : http://www.clujnapoca2021.ro/en/home.html i hope we win . 
  thanks !, 
  i think i 'm the only person in romania that is listening to hardstyle . 
  it 's like no one knows what i 'm talking about when i bring it up . 
  anyway , very cool video !, 
  it is avant-garde metal , to be precise . 
  while this particular song may not be perfectly described by this term , the band 's other releases feature a lot of avant-garde elements . 
  for more information about this metal subgenre check out this wikipedia article : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/avant-garde_metal, 
  nice . 
  can you please do something about the ` my subreddits ' dropdown menu in the upper left corner of the page that right now has invisible text ? 
  also , in the subreddit description you should change the link / r/musics to / r/music . 
  ** first epistle ** * by mihai eminescu * when , at night , with drooping eyelids , i blow out the candle 's flare , time 's unending path is followed only by the old clock there ; for just draw aside the curtains and the moon will flood the room with a fire of passions summoned by the ardours of her gloom ; from the night of recollection she will resurrect an eon of distress - which we , however , sense as in a dreamlike paean . 
  moon , arch-mistress of the ocean , you glide o'er the planet 's sphere , you give light to thoughts unthought - of and eclipse sorrow and fear ; oh , how many deserts glimmer under your soft virgin light and how many woods o'ershadow brooks and rivers burning bright !, 
  legion is the name of billows you dispose of as you please , when you sail upon the ever restless solitude of seas ; of resplendent climes , of gardens , palaces and castles old , which you impregnate with magic and to your own view unfold ; of the dwellings that you enter tiptoe by the window-pane to gaze thoughtfully at foreheads that so many thoughts enchain !, 
  a king 's plans enmesh the planet for a century or more , while the pauper hardly thinks of what his morrow has in store . 
  though the dice of fate have to them meted different rungs and ways , both submit to the same biddings of death 's genius and her rays ; be they weak or be they mighty , unintelligent or clever . 
  all do minister to passions and their bondsmen are forever . 
  one is looking for the mirror , purposing to curl his mane , one - for truth , hoping to find it in the space and time mundane . 
  from the yellow leaves he gathers relics of forgotten lore whose short-living latin labels he will tally on the score . 
  one divides up the whole terra at the counter of his stall , checking how much gold the oceans bear in their ships black and tall . 
  over there an aged teacher , with his elbows jutting out through the threadbare jacket , reckons and the sums cause him to pout . 
  shivering with cold he buttons his old dressing-gown austere , thrusts his neck into the collar and the cotton in his ear . 
  skinny as he is and hunch-backed , a most wretched ne'er - do-well , he has in his little finger all the world , heaven and hell ; for behind his brow are looming both the future and the past , and eternity 's thick darkness hell ' unravel at long last . 
  as , of old , mythical atlas propped the skies upon his shoulder , he props universe and chronos in a number - which is bolder ... 
  while the moon is shining over mouldy books-stacks penned by sages thinking takes him back through thousands upon thousands of hoar ages to the very first , when being and non-being were nought still , when there was but utter absence of both life-impulse and will , when unopen there was nothing , although everything was hidden , when , by his own self pervaded , resting lay the allforbidden . 
  was it an abyss ? 
  wat ` ry plains without an end ? 
  there was no estate of wisdom , nor a mind to comprehend . 
  for the darkness was as solid as is still the shadows ' ocean , and no eyes , had there been any , could have formed of it a notion . 
  of the unmade things the shadows had not yet begun to gleam and , with its own self-contented , peace eternal reigned supreme . 
  suddenly , a dot starts moving - the primeval , lonely other ... 
  it becomes the father potent , of the void it makes the mother . 
  weaker than a drop of water , this small dot that moves and bounds is the unrestricted ruler of the world 's unbounded bounds . 
  ever since the vasty dimness has been splitting slice by slice , ever since come into being earth , sun , moon , light , heat , and ice . 
  ever since up to the present gallaxies of planets lost follow up mysterious courses , chaos-bred and chaos-tossed , and in endlessness begotten , endless swarms of light are thronging towards life , for ever driven by an infinite of longing ; and in this great world , we , children of a world grotesquely small , raise upon our tiny planet anthills to o'ertop the all , lilliputian kings and peoples , soldiers , unread , erudite , we engender generations , reckoning ourselves full bright !, 
  one-day moths upon a mudball measurable with the chip , we rotate in the great vastness and forget ` twixt cup and lip that this world is really nothing but a moment caught in light , that behind , or else before it , all that one can see is night . 
  just like whirls of dust and powder thousands of live granules play in a glorious ray 's dominion and pass over with the ray . 
  thus against the never-failing night of time without a bound , the spontaneous ray , the moment , still fails not to go the round ; when it dies , all dies - like shadows melting in the murky distance for the universe chimeric is a dream of non-existence . 
  nowadays a thinker 's judgement is restricted by no tether ; he projects it in a moment over centuries together . 
  to his eye the sun all-glorious is a red orb wrapt in shrouds , closing like a bleeding ulcer among all-darkening clouds , he sees how the heavenly bodies in vast spaces freeze and run , rebels that have torn the fetters of the dazzling light and sun ; and , behold , the world 's foundation is now blackened to the core , and the stars , like leaves in autumn , flicker out and are no more , lifeless time distends his body and becomes endless duration , because nothing ever happens in the boundless desolation ; in the night of non-existence all is crumbled , all are slain , and , in keeping with its nature , peace eternal reigns again . 
  starting with the very bottom of the busy human hive and ascending on the ladder to the mightiest kings alive , everybody by the riddle of his being is obsessed , but , alas , there is no telling which of them is more unblest . 
  in each one there is a woman , in each one there is a man , and above all other people only rises he who can , while the rest , in darkness keeping , every one a fearful gnome , lose themselves in utter secret , like the never-sighted foam . 
  much , indeed , will blind fate notice what they do , or think or know !, 
  over human life it passes like the wind , blow after blow . 
  let the writers laud his merits , let the world cry out `` allhail ! '', 
  to the aged teacher , really , is all this of much avail ? 
  he will be - perhaps - immortal . 
  his life clung , we must agree , to a single great idea , like the ivy to a tree . 
  `` if i die '' , he says pro sibi , `` centuries may come and go , for my name shall be remembered and to time shall ever grow . 
  everywhere and in all ages , with my name on titles signed , shall my writings find a shelter in the corners of some mind . '', 
  can you remember what you 've heard the million say ? 
  what has come around you , what yourself have talked away ? 
  much too little . 
  here you 've noted of some imagery a strip , there the shred of an idea , there the scribble on a scrip ; well then , if your own existence was a mystery to you , why should others rack their five wits and its secrecy undo ? 
  after centuries a green-eyed pedant , squeezed by shelf on shelf of dilapidated volumes , stooping - an old crock himself - , will appraise the atticism of your language and your style , blow from his worn-out eye-glasses the dust raised by your wise pile , and compress you to a sentence , carrying you off the stage by some ignominious footnote that winds up a silly page . 
  you may build a world , or wreck it , but , whatever you would say , everything at last is buried under shovelfuls of clay . 
  hands that coveted the sceptre of the universe , ideals that would scan the whole creation , find their size in four fir-deals . 
  the procession queues behind you in the old funeral wise , splendid as a walking sarcasm gazing with indifferent eyes . 
  high above the rest , a pygmy will then set out to discourse , not to emphasize your merits but to praise his own , of course ; for your name is just a pretext . 
  that is all you can expect . 
  the succeeding generations are , well , even more `` correct '' . 
  failing to attain your compass , will they show their admiration ? 
  sure , they will applaud the slender biographical narration which attempts to prove that never have you been a man that mattered , that you were just like the others . 
  everybody is much flattered if you are not his superior . 
  everybody will be able to dilate his stupid nostrils at a scholars ' council-table when your person is his topic . 
  he projected long ago with ironical grimaces to extol you high and low . 
  in this way you will be playing into everybody 's hands ; he will say that all is wicked who but little understands ... 
  furthermore , they will endeavour to anatomize your morals , to find blemishes and mischiefs , petty scandals , petty quarrels , - all of which will surely draw you nearer to them . 
  not the light you have to the world imparted , but your sins , your guilt , your spite , tiredness , ill-health , or weakness , anything that is unworth and is fatally inherent in a mortal lump of earth . 
  all the pretty smarts and worries of a much tormented mind will attract them more than any plans you have ever designed . 
  among walls , and trees , and blossoms that are falling white and tender , how the full moon is diffusing her own calm and radiant splendour !, 
  from the night of recollection myriads of longings beam and their pain is mitigated ' we feel them as in a dream , for she opens wide the entrance to our inner world of doubt , conjuring a host of shadows when the candlelight is out . 
  oh , how many deserts glimmer under your soft virgin light , and how many woods o'ershadow brooks and rivers burning bright !, 
  legion is the name of billows you dispose of as you please , when you sail over the ever restless solitude of seas ; and all those who in their lifetime are subjected to fate 's ways must submit to the same biddings of death 's genius and your rays !, 
  ( published in * convorbiri literare * on february 1 , 1881 ) * translated by leon levi\u021bchi *, 
  now you do n't have to specify the category in the title , just select the most suitable flair . 
  however , you are still required to indicate the culture ( s ) your content is pertaining to . 
  if you think there should be more flairs , you are free to make suggestions . 
  a few of the flairs explained : - news - for content that comes in the form of an article and is pertaining to culture . 
  - event - for content that advertises a cultural event , festival etc. 
  - critique - for analyses of various cultural aspects , essays on culture etc. 
  - discussion - initiated by the users ; can be formulated as a question or not , but it has to engage the other users in a constructive discussion about the european culture . 
  and do n't forget to tell other redditors about this subreddit !, 
  things started going downhill after the unification . 
  transylvania soon lost its autonomy ( which was a very important condition for the unification , as stated by the romanian transylvanian proponents ) and started being controlled from bucharest .
