  my point is that he is n't just corrupt , he is now responsible for mass murder . 
  when you type something in between the quotation marks google will look for exactly that word or phrase . 
  would you care to elaborate on why exactly you think it 's a shithole ? 
  or are you going to cry about being downvoted because you have ` different opinions ' ? 
  does it come as a surprise that a country that constantly represses protests and promotes discrimination is n't exactly the first country most of us think of when we talk about democracies ? 
  i think the vote is secret and anonymous , so that would n't work . 
  besides , switzerland as a country has agreed to the terms of free movement , so the measures taken in response to their decision to limit migration will have to affect the country and thus the citizens . 
  also , it would n't be very democratic to punish people based on their vote . 
  i think you define it relative to the wealthiest . 
  if you were to multiply all the current incomes by , say , 5 , you would still have the same inequality ; the poorest would still be the poorest , and the wealthiest would still be the wealthiest . 
  also , take into consideration that the costs of living in such a hypothetical situation would also grow proportionately , so no one would feel any real improvement . 
  there 's nothing inherently good about inequality . 
  i can understand and agree that we should n't necessarily actively try to reduce inequality , but i would n't mind if there were less poor people . 
  you should read up on the concept of tyranny of the majority , as others have already suggested . 
  frankly , if you consider everything a majority ( 50 % + 1 ) decides as being perfectly democratic , you could run into a lot of paradoxal situations , in which that same majority decides to infringe upon other peoples ' rights , and by doing so they neglect the very principles that gave them the opportunity to decide in the first place . 
  now what i wrote here is n't necessarily about the particular case of the law that 's being abrogated , because i actually understand that its terms have n't been really equitable , but more generally about your understanding of what democracy is and what its limits are . 
  i assume it 's not a decision made solely by him , but rather it 's the result of discussions with other politicians , including the chancellor , as well as foreign policy , diplomatic and security advisors and experts and this is just one of the first hints regarding an upcoming public debate about a shift in the foreign policy of germany . 
   the soviet times were the best regime ukraine ever liver under , unprecedented prosperity https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holodomor, 
  real in this case means ` existent ' so of course `` abstract '' things exist as well . 
  just because it is n't palpable , visible , audible etc. 
  does not mean that it does n't exist . 
  ontologically , * everything * is real . 
  there is nothing that is not real . 
  thus , the question we should be asking is what is the type of existence that something has ( its ontological status ) . 
  take a concept , for example ; maybe ` freedom ' does not meet the criteria for something that is real according to your definition of reality , but the simple fact that we can talk about it and attribute meaning to it makes it real . 
  now , states are n't even as abstract as you suggest . 
  there are many forms of manifestation of the state , not just the written rules ( the constitution , laws etc. ), 
  that we might consider abstract , for example the institutions that we interact with every day , in one way or another . 
  countries have even more ` physical ' features , usually the geographical aspect being essential in defining them , as well as the inhabitants . 
  apparently he shapeshifted into george r. r. martin . 
  than *, 
  source : http://www.euractiv.com/eu-elections-2014/infographic-balance-power-europe-news-533403, 
  also , romanian authorities have responded to a distress signal sent from a boat near marseille by looking for it on a lake in ne romania . 
  https://maps.google.ro/maps?q=lake+bicaz do n't worry europe , we got your back . 
  i never said that it should be this way only for medical students . 
  i do n't know where you got that idea from . 
  it has nothing to do with `` the free movement of persons within the eu . '', 
  there are countries that ask students to sign a contract agreeing that they would stay and work in the country ( for a few years ) in exchange for free or almost free education . 
  alternatively , they would have to pay the cost of their education and would be free to go . 
  the video was n't fake . 
  we already knew the us does this sort of things . 
  why would it surprise you that russia does as well ? 
  thanks for providing the source . 
  anyway , would n't it be a little weird for such a small territorial entity with discontinuous territory to become independent ? 
  how would it effectively administer and organize itself ? 
  i have heard that in the event of a possible unification of moldova and romania , gagauzia would have the constitutional right to decide its own future : whether to secede and become independent or to remain a part of moldova and thus of romania . 
  however i ca n't provide a source , and after looking this up in the [ constitution of moldova ] ( http://legislationline.org/documents/action/popup/id/16261/preview ) , i ca n't find anything to clearly support this . 
  do you know anything about such a clause ? 
  of course , this would n't really give them the right to do what they do right now , since no one has brought up the unification officially . 
  i think that all over europe it is both cultural and price-related . 
  double plot twist : bezbojnicul is british . 
  to be honest , it 's extremely simplistic to view romanians as the mere result of a prolonged interaction between dacians and romans . 
  there are a lot more ethnicities and cultures that have contributed to what we consider romanian today . 
  funny he , of all people , should say that . 
  hey !, 
  i hope you do n't mind , but i 've linked the subreddit to / r/newreddits in the hope that it will help attract more subscribers . 
  i would also be interested in being a moderator . 
  well , me neither . 
  at least , not anymore . 
  i just mentioned it thinking that you might have heard that word . 
  ever heard of staropramen ? 
   edit : i think that the romanian * stare\u021b * `` abbot '' is also derived from a cognate of * starou * , probably old church slavonic * star\u016d * ( \u0441\u0442\u0430\u0440\u044a ) `` old '' . 
  he was only under preventive arrest for a while . 
  we 'll see if he 'll ever be sentenced . 
  yes . 
  if they made this kind of deal then they are no better than the others before them and the ones that they 're jailing . 
  it means that they are protecting a person that they know has broken the law , and are protecting him . 
  what guarantee is there that they wo n't do it again in the future ? 
  if the justice system needs the go-ahead of the president in order for it to function and do its job , there 's no reason to vaunt it and be so ecstatic about our country 's fight against corruption . 
  nah , both of them are shit . 
  actually , i 'd say that b\u0103sescu has done more harm . 
  not only that , but it seems that the justice system , as much praise as it received in the last few years , still ca n't or wo n't even try to do anything about him . 
  however , most romanians on reddit like him very much . 
  in fact , they think he 's very `` cool '' and all that , although if any other politician ( except maybe macovei , who 's also a favourite of romanian redditors ) would abuse their power as much and as blatantly as he did , they would go nuts , and for good reason . 
  but yeah , he 's `` b\u0103se '' , so he 's cool , no problem . 
  oh , i 'm also talking about western and northern europeans . 
  the situation is better there , but only slightly so . 
  i 've seen that too from people like the ones you describe . 
  but they are still largely ignorant when it comes to the subject of the middle east . 
  i know how before this crisis the people i would try to have a conversation with about the middle east , european issues , geopolitics -- which are all topics that are at least somewhat related to one of my fields of study -- almost none of them were particularly interested and this was because they did n't know as much about the topics . 
  the only thing that everyone knew was al-qaeda and more recently isis . 
  but ever since the refugee crisis started pretty much all of them have a very passionate opinion , and since they previously only associated the region and muslims or arabs , in general , with terrorist organisations , that explains it . 
  there are people who make an effort to get a better understanding of the history of the mena conflicts , about the societies there , about the cultures , and i respect that , but most people are only interested in confirming their own beliefs , which are founded on very limited and information that led them to believe that most refugees are somehow islamist extremists . 
  edit : a few words . 
  because they 're ignorants and xenophobes . 
  i 'm sure most of them could n't even find syria on a map . 
  hell , probably they could n't even find the middle east ... 
  but suddenly everyone 's an expert on geopolitical matters regarding the region , as well as its history and international relations . 
   i doubt that 30 % of the french people are actually far-right extremists . 
  if you vote for them maybe you have to accept that you pretty much are just that . 
  after all , all extremists tell themselves something along the lines of : `` it 's the only solution '' , `` we reached our limit '' , `` the end is nigh '' , etc. 
  so please , at least accept them for what they are , do n't try to sugarcoat it . 
  edit : punctuation and a few words . 
   you can define it in several ways since we already have the geographic definition of europe to start from . 
  and most gypsies are inside this geographically defined area . 
  so , what exactly is your point ? 
  what exactly is so hard about it ? 
  upvote what you like and do n't downvote based on people 's opinions . 
  it 's incredible what this subreddit has become in the past weeks . 
  just look at this perfectly relevant self post and how many people have tried to stifle it with downvotes .
