the uk parliament has similar rules against being outright insulting . 
  dennis skinner mp got removed from parliament for simply saying the word `` dodgey '' in describing cameron . 
  if they do n't open their airspace then `` turkey will reign down fury on all european nazis and destroy the eu '' . 
  dutch sounds like happy-german . 
  i thought it had one of the biggest militaries in nato ? 
  hrvatska is a fucking lovely country . 
  my favourite in europe and the people are the nicest i 've ever met . 
  is n't flemish the one that is very similar to old english and is the closest relation to modern english ? 
  du mad random gay fuck !, 
  hows my flanders dutch ? 
  quenya the ancient language . 
  sindarin was based off welsh . 
  i ca n't even begin the understand how that sounds !!!, 
  it sounds like diet-german to me . 
  czech and slovak are so similar they should just become one country called slovakiczech . 
  the serbo-croat languages are even more similar than that . 
  i would n't say it sounds wrong . 
  more like it sounds like someone from a western is talking . 
  which kind of makes sense, 
  about time . 
  it 's barbaric . 
  i 'm starting to think we have a difference of opinion on what defines `` check on power '' . 
  you seem completely unable to understand my point and i also find it hard to understand yours . 
  i 'm going to try analogy again ... let 's imagine brexit is n't happening to remove complication . 
  yes the uk gives permission for those rulings to be upheld domestically . 
  if it does n't want to it can either be fined or leave the eu . 
  fair enough . 
  let 's try this : an year 18yr old student returns from uni to home . 
  the parents refuse to let them have a 20 person house party . 
  now in your example you 're absolutely right the kid could just leave home . 
  they would n't over something so trivial so in effect the parents have checked the whims of the teenager . 
  would n't you agree ? 
  to me it sounds like you 're arguing the eu has no power over the uk because the uk can leave at any moment . 
  well yeah it can technically . 
  but then it loses all the benefits of membership . 
  can your see what i 'm saying ? 
  yes we can pull the nuclear option of leaving the eu them we have to answer to no one ( except other international treaties - which is the same situation as the eu ) . 
  as promised i 've found a large list of even more ecj rulings : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_court_of_justice_rulings?wprov=sfla1 if you have a weak excuse for why these do n't count i 'll dig out some more , 
  it is now but there 's been numerous instances of the ecj ruling against the uk in the past . 
  i 'm going to bed but i can drag this list out in the morning . 
  what 's [ this ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/law/2016/dec/21/eus-highest-court-delivers-blow-to-uk-snoopers-charter ) then if not a `` check '' on uk government power ? 
  scotland does n't need no experts telling them doom and gloom about what would happen if they became independent . 
  take back sovreignty for scotland !, 
  do n't worry i have no intention of staying beyond the 5 years needed to get irish citizenship ( and therefore eu citizenship ) . 
  after that i plan on moving to the continent ( country depends on it job availability ) . 
  its not just about living and working in ireland you fuckwit . 
  if i remain a british citizen in ireland i will still lose eu citizenship . 
  its that eu citizenship i value !, 
  ( cough ) bellend ( cough ), 
  ok so lets say brexit happens . 
  what would be the easiest way to get into the uk ? 
  via ireland . 
  just 5 years in ireland get citizenship then skip over the uk . 
  politicians on all sides are already talking about it being used as a back door : https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/oct/09/britain-to-push-post-brexit-uk-immigration-controls-back-to-irish-border its also not as simple as simply `` northern ireland '' as seen here politicians are looking at the technicalities : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-37602445, 
  you do n't think the eu or the uk would use the northern irish border as a bargaining chip ? 
  ok so lets say brexit happens . 
  what would be the easiest way to get into the uk ? 
  via ireland . 
  just 5 years in ireland get citizenship then skip over the uk . 
  politicians on all sides are already talking about it being used as a back door : https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2016/oct/09/britain-to-push-post-brexit-uk-immigration-controls-back-to-irish-border its also not as simple as simply `` northern ireland '' as seen here politicians are looking at the technicalities : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-37602445, 
  there 's no guarantee that will stay after brexit . 
  there 's fuck all guarantee about anything but `` brexit means brexit '' . 
  did you read the wikipedia link ? 
  also , its also a bit rich saying we do n't have an elective dictatorship when our prime minister is arguing to use `` royal perogitive '' to remove a huge swathe of our rights under eu law . 
  read the wiki link because its hardly a contraversial viewpoint . 
  that 's like saying parliament is n't a check on the executive because we can remove parliament at any time . 
  yes - tehnically , true . 
  but realistically a stupid argument . 
  while in the eu it does act as a check on government power . 
  the uk has to follow eu regulations . 
  uk citizens can take their fights to the european court of justice which the uk is obliged to follow its rulings . 
  furry muff . 
  they 'd be happy with us being in the eea but that comes with certain obligations which they 've made clear . 
  muffin . 
  oh yeah i was totally against independence before the eu ref . 
  i thoguht together we 're stronger . 
  but thats the same thinking as to why i now think it should go independent and join the eu . 
  actually i am looking to move to ireland in about 18 months . 
   i just need to sort out my business with my business partner before the move . 
  also , getting irish citizenship ( edit : because i want to retain eu citizenship via ireland ) is n't as easy as you make it sound . 
  it takes a minimum of 5years living and working there . 
  there 's no guarantee things wo n't change once brexit happens . 
  if the uk decides to go full retard and kick out a big chunk of eu citizens ireland may follow suit by kicking out uk citizens . 
  i 'm still going to take the risk though because i believe in europe . 
  the eu doens ' t have executive dominance . 
  thats a silly question . 
  its not an either/or . 
  two powers keep each in check more than a single power . 
  on top of that - the eu governing bodies are more balanced anyway . 
  to turn your question around - would you prefer it if we aboilished parliament and just had a single elected dictator because one dictator is better than two ? 
  that 's stupid . 
  the lords and commons act as a ( very weak ) counter to a tyranical executive . 
  the eu institutions had that same effect . 
  example : i recently wrote to my mp about the snoopers charter and it 's impact on my right to privacy . 
  i was ignored . 
  140k + people were ignored by their own government . 
  if we were staying in the eu we could take our argument to eu institutions . 
  now we ca n't - because we 're leaving . 
  so we 're now at the sole mercy of our elcetive dictatorship . 
  i 'll wear a kilt while drinking a can of irn bru and eating haggis !,
