  sports week in nerezine , croatia . 
  did a bunch of stuff that our profs could teach us - tennis , diving , wind surfing , climbing plus a few other stuff like swimming and basketball just to keep us active . 
  it generally included getting exhausted during the day and then relaxing in the evening , sometimes with large amounts of alcohol . 
  finally we did a graduation trip through the former yugoslavia or at least part of it - croatia , bosnia and montenegro . 
  had the time of my life , my liver did not . 
  it was a nice mix of off-days and sight seeing . 
  for the record , this was a public school - gymnasium to be precise . 
  slovenian , very understandable . 
  i 'm gon na be honest , i think the dialects from the \u0160tajerska region are objectively the most disliked . 
  sure , everyone has their own preferences but with most people , we tend to agree that listening to a thick dialect from those parts becomes difficult after an hour or so . 
  i think you 're the first person i 've heard speak fondly of the celje dialect and i tend to talk a lot about this topic . 
  i 'm from the notranjska region for reference . 
  sort of , at least mine did . 
  they tried to present multiple viewpoints when it came to controversial topics . 
  ` the soviets were our allies but they commited many attrocities , the western allies fought on our side but often practiced bombings on civilian targets , the partisans liberated our country but ended up killing many innocent people towards the end of the war ' , etc. 
  they did n't outright say what we should think but they tried showing us that the world is never as polarized as people make it out to be . 
  the nuclear bomb drops were portrayed basically as ending the war at the expense of mass genocide with the justification being put heavily into question . 
  i remember the soviet advance towards japan and the possibility of soviets taking the final victory being presented as one of the main reasons for the bombing . 
  the asian theater was not covered that much . 
  i mostly remember the attack on pearl harbour and the conflicted views about us involevement that preceded it . 
  also some talk about japanese attrocities , the soviet and chinese involvement and of course the nuclear bombs . 
  the focus was largely on the european and african campaigns though and of course above all , the yugoslav resistence . 
  again though , this is my personal experience . 
  it varies from teacher to teacher . 
  i 've heard of certain teachers being much less critical of the western allies and more critical of the soviet union . 
  was afraid it was gon na be bled . 
  damn good choice . 
  i think our political and ideological mindsets are too different . 
  i would n't mind this if the us was the size of austria or something , but given that it 's about as powerful as most if not all of the current eu combined , it would inevitably lead to the total us domination within the eu and the americanization of eu politics and economics . 
  i 'm strictly against this . 
  one of the main reasons i support the eu is because it has the potential to distance itself from the us politically if need be and hold its own ground on the global political stage . 
  my finest moment . 
  no straight up abuse or misconduct , just one case of dealing with an asshole . 
  we took about 10 corn cobs from a local field and made a campfire in the woods when we were about sixteen or seventeen . 
  brought a sixpack of beer with us and a bottle of wine . 
  we were approached because we apparently looked guilty of stealing a few hundred kilograms of firewood from a nearby farm . 
  i guess it 's possible to hide so much firewood in your pockets so we got frisked . 
  obviously we got some shit for the alcohol but we also got aggressively talked about owning a weapon ( a small hatchet for chopping up firewood ) , property destruction ( chopping down a wild bush in the middle of a forest ) , theft ( taking some corn from a massive field ) , possible possesion of marijuana ( empty plastic bag in one of our backpacks ) , etc. 
  he was n't really wrong , just very clearly being an asshole to us even though we were just a bunch of kids trying to have a campfire . 
  he eventually let us go so i guess i ca n't complain too much . 
  probably just wanted to scare us to teach us a lesson . 
  other than that i 've only had neutral and good encounters . 
  even when i was in the wrong the police were polite and professional . 
  ca n't blame them for doing their jobs . 
   so , in yugoslavia , our autonomy was respected ? 
  well , depends who you ask , i guess . 
  also , if yugoslavia was the reason for economic development , i wonder why not all/most/any of it developed symmetrically ? 
  it 's easy to build a good economy on a good foundation , that 's what i 'm telling you . 
  it was for the vast majority of its existence . 
  why do you think kosovo and vojvodina existed as states ? 
  also i think it developed fairly well . 
  not ideally , but an incredible amount of resources were poured into bringing up places like bosnia up to the national standard . 
  given how war-torn the country was after '45 i think they did fairly well . 
   i have all the reason to think that austrian rule would not leave us an underdeveloped peripheral state . 
  they 're not stupid and can do the maths . 
  we 'd likely be less rich than austria proper , but still better off than we are . 
  besides , you 're comparing the national mentality of a country 100 years ago with the national mentality of a country today . 
  besides some gut feeling that austrians are ` smart and can do the maths ' , do you have any proper reasoning ? 
  hell , what kind of shit hole do you think we even are in order to talk about being so much better off potentially ? 
  we have ~ ~ roughly the same gdp per capita ~ ~ and a higher human development index than them , and probably have less inequality and cheaper healthcare and education . 
  obviously they overtake us in a lot of fields as well and we should work to improve there , but i 'm not sure where you 're seeing this great gap in quality of life . 
  eyeballing it , i 'd say we 're much closer to them now than we were at the end of the 19th century . 
  edit : my mistake , i had different figures in my head about our gdps . 
  and i told you , i 'm not denying a drastic change in mentality all across europe - but i 'm still a bit weary about states with successful state-owned companies telling states like slovenia that privatization is key . 
  smells a lot like neo-colonialism . 
  i do n't blame them for it but i do blame any slovene which fantasizes about them . 
   i 'm also not blaming the serbs for anything . 
  i 'm simply saying that had it been a fair and equal representation in all things that mattered , we 'd still live in yugoslavia . 
  we do not . 
  must 've not been that fair , do n't ` cha think ? 
  it was n't that simple . 
  but i largely agree that yugoslavia fell for a reason and i never said anything to deny it . 
  i 'm pretty sure i even went out of my way to say that its breaking up showed all of its underlying problems . 
   to think i actually read all of that ... 
  does n't seem you did . 
  i 'm specifically telling you that not only did one side actually respect our own autonomy , it contributed drastically more to our economic development as well . 
  you have little reason to think that austrian rule today would leave us any less of a underdeveloped peripheral state as it did at the end of 1918 . 
  also , may i point out again that being a constitutional and equal republic with wide representation within government does not boil down to ` being shit on by belgrade ' . 
  you might want to read up a bit on how ( and by whom ) the yugoslav economic and political system was developed before you start shoveling the blame on the serbs . 
  i see no appeal to be ruled by slavs . 
  i only see the desire to live as a sovereign nation in cooperation with other nations . 
  on this basic premise , i would prefer to join with any number of states which have shown in the past , that they are willing to treat as an equal and allow us to develop our culture and politics as we see fit . 
  i have no illusions about the state of politics in yugoslavia and god knows that its break-up showed a great number of problems with inter-republic relations , which do n't exactly speak well about brotherhood and equality . 
  but none-the-less , within yugoslavia we were able to develop our culture , national identity and economy incomparably further than we were ever allowed to under austrian rule . 
  we were able to create universities , institutions and organizations under our own rule , under titoist leadership numerous factories and industries were systematically handed over to us from other parts of the federation and the existence and support of movements like the student political organizations , folk revival , socialist self-management , etc. 
  clearly shows that at the very least , we were treated as equals under a regime which did n't make the right economic decisions often enough . 
  the idea that we were somehow systematically exploited economically runs under the delusion that most of our infrastructure came from austrian benevolent rule . 
  realistically , what we received from austria were the bare funds and resources necessary to realise their economic plans and not a cent more . 
  the praised industries which were developed during those times were largely held under foreign control and operated for the benefit of the austrian throne . 
  the infrastructure that was built ; the vienna-trieste railway and the electrical grids around the larger industrial centers , reached as far as it was necessary for their own operation . 
  you could go a few kilometers away from the train tracks and witness complete poverty , or leave the industrial center and see people who had absolutely zero access to electricity . 
  and i do n't think i have to point out their attitudes towards our own cultural institutions , since the only time we were granted a university before the fall of the empire was under the short french ` occupation ' - of course the university was closed as soon as our benevolent overlords managed to liberate us again . 
  the same patterns can be seen in the utterly germanized and underdeveloped educational systems in place throughout the slovene lands and in the systematic censorship of slovene authors and cultural workers . 
  the only thing i can really thank them for is the establishment a mandatory primary education , which ironically required police and military force to be upheld since slovene ` patriots ' throughout the lands revolted for their right to keep their own children uneducated . 
  and still , i see today the same breed of austrophiles who fantasize about our northern neighbours taking over and whipping our country into shape . 
  and to a degree i understand that we live in different times and that as long as the ideologies of the 20th century do n't sweep across the german lands again , we wo n't ever be exposed to the same aggressive and oppressive policies again . 
  but still i fail to see where these people find the hope that we would n't become just another peripheral state which is treated as a second-class entity for the betterment of our rulers . 
  for instance people fetishize about german efficiency and organization - and as soon as an economic crisis hits they praise the foreign demands for austerity and privatization as if it 's some kind of sound policy , only to have our strongest companies bought out by their german state-owned equivalents ( see telekom for instance ) , headed by the same political experts which continue to dictate that state-owned businesses are not a viable option economically . 
  now i want to make it clear that i have nothing against our northern neighbours and i think we have a lot to learn from them , as we do from the scandinavian and western-european countries - with whom , may i add , we already share a political and economic union for the same reasons . 
  but any and all advice and guidance that we take from them , we must take as a sovereign and equal nation which makes its own decisions .
