  not as a peripheral state or some servile nation which pathetically begs them for benevolent rule . 
  and because of this , i never again want to see slovenia under the same subordinate position under the austrians or germans . 
  if we need help from them , we can ask for it ourselves - otherwise we should be proud of our independence and sovereignty . 
  i also live in good faith that they are willing to respect this sovereignty and treat us not as subjects of rule but as equals . 
  because of this i 'm still a supporter of the great european project and see our future in european cooperation , be it with germans or any other nation . 
  on the other hand , anyone who yearns for an ` anschluss ' out of some weird austro-fetishism is not only utterly detached from our own history and past national struggles , but also completely personifies the servant or ` hlapec ' character present in so many of our literary works , written by the same people who took part in the aforementioned struggles . 
  and i would rather take part in another civil war than let this country be ruled by germans again . 
  out of the country , pretty much . 
  depends in which direction but i think i remember a train ticket to zagreb or koper being around 20 $ . 
  someone can correct me if i 'm wrong . 
  yeah , i got woken up by it yesterday morning . 
  i 'm from the notranjska region and the other towns i was told about are from the dolenjska region . 
  also i know for a fact it happens in the primorska region as well . 
  i do n't think it 's so much on a regional basis but more on a town-by-town and village-by-village basis . 
  edit : for the record , i have n't heard about mlajs being put up for the 1st of may but it seems like a very slovene thing to do so it makes sense to me . 
  also parades early in the morming . 
  my town does it at 7 am but i 've heard of some towns having them as early as 4 am . 
  interesting . 
  i 've never heard that term used in slovenian . 
  the more you know ... 
  bli\u017enji vzhod - near east, 
  probably going to a 1st of may event at metelkova , ljubljana . 
  alternatively , i 'm gon na attend a bonfire party somewhere . 
  either way , i 'm celebrating 1st of may / worker 's day / labour day . 
  from my perspective the organization seems completely irrelevant and barely existant here - in essence less important and talked about than some mushroom gathering clubs . 
  i only learned about it a few months ago because i lurk r/croatia and some crazy politician ( pernar ) brought it up . 
  after that i asked my friends and they either did n't know about it or immediately started making jokes about the illuminati . 
  finally i asked an american friend of mine and the description he gave me came off as incredibly culty but he assured me it 's harmless so i just went back to not caring about it . 
  i think so , yes . 
  i 've seen a group of people cheering and walking about with pictures of stalin and ussr flags when putin visited the country to comemorate russian pows that died in an avalanche . 
  as far as i know , they did n't recieve any fine or anything like that . 
  lake bled it 's pretty , yes , but i do n't really understand why it gets so much attention . 
  practically every corner of triglav national park is stunning and bled sure as hell is n't even in the top 5 places within it . 
  seriously , it just seems so artificially hyped . 
  usually domovina - homeland . 
  a term i rarely see used is o\u010detnjava - fatherland . 
  a bit more common is mati slovenija - mother slovenia . 
  but again , ` homeland ' is the most commonly used by far . 
  tarok is love . 
  tarok is life . 
  and that is all i have to say about that . 
  strahospo\u0161tovanje - respect born out of fear . 
  goes well with the stereotype and long-lasting literary motif of us being very servile . 
  born to be serfs , raised to be serfs - created for servitude !, 
  masters come and go but the whip stays the same and will never change , for the back is bent and used to the whip , wanting of it . 
  i 'm pretty sure croatia is the only neighbour we have that is even vaguely aware of our existence . 
  i suppose you could call it a rivalry but more than anything there 's just political tension between our governments . 
  i think the people take care of the ` friendly ' part . 
  it might not seem like it to outsiders but i think we get along just fine . 
  they come here to ski and hike , we go there on summer holidays . 
  besides that some people have an inexplicable hard-on for talking about how shit is better in austria even though they only seem to pay attention to us when it 's time to take down a bilingual road sign or during winter sporting events . 
   slovene dialects ( slovene : slovenska nare\u010dja ) are the regional spoken varieties of slovene , asouth slavic language . 
  spoken slovene is often considered to have at least 48 dialects ( nare\u010dja ) and subdialects ( govori ) . 
  honestly , some of them are just slightly different from standard slovene and do n't include much more than a few special words and changed pronunciation . 
  others differ so much that they 're nearly unintelligeble even to a native slovene speaker . 
  the dialects from the prekmurska region are like this for me - if i listen to two speakers having a conversation with no effort to make themselves understandable to me , i 'll have little clue about what they 're talking about . 
  in some cases i 'd understand them less than i would a serb speaking standard serbian . 
  the slovene dialect they speak in the rezija region of italy ( just across the border ) is an extreme example of this . 
  i can not understand them even the slightest , regardless of whether they speak slowly or even if i 'm reading written text . 
  hell , i 'm not sure if i 'd even guess that our languages are related if i knew nothing about them beforehand . 
  worth noting that the dialects form a continuum of sorts - the further apart two dialects are , the more they 'll differ although in some cases there can be noticable differences even between two neighbouring villages . 
  all of this in a country with two million people living in an area smaller than switzerland . 
  of course , as others have mentioned this is becoming less pronounced with time - it 's more noticable with older people and more remote speakers . 
  ring any [ bells ] ( https://youtu.be/agvafxih8vk ) ? 
  yep , i think this just about sums it up . 
  in my personal opinion , i think cankars best work is the collection of short stories titled podobe iz sanj - images from dreams i think is translated . 
  i think it 's where cankar 's sense for intimacy , self-reflection , observation of the world , description and surrealism really reached his peak . 
  i still often return to it , reading singular stories from it . 
  a close second would probably be moje \u017eivljenje ( my life ) . 
  similar to podobe iz sanj , it 's a collection of short stories which features the well-known and celebrated skodelica kave ( a cup of coffee ) , available in english [ here ] ( https://en.m.wikisource.org/wiki/a_cup_of_coffee ) . 
  it 's probably his most prominent work which features the cankarian mother fugure you 've mentioned already . 
  finally , i have a particular fondness for kurent which in a way serves as a metaphorical look at the slovene nation . 
  i ca n't say i 'd recommend it to foreigners since it requires a lot of cultural insight but it 's something i 'd give every slovene to read at least once . 
  it is both ruthless with criticism and generous with praise and quite honestly made me look at my nationality in a different way . 
  very important . 
  france plays a big role in european poolitics , economy , military operations and culture . 
  how the country is run will inevitably affect the eu , for better of for worse . 
  i bought a can of [ this ] ( http://ledenikvas.com/img/limenka.png ) in belgrade a few weeks ago . 
  read a lot about kvas before that and did n't want to miss the opportunity but i 'm not sure if it 's the real stuff . 
  it was pretty nice actually . 
  i think a homemade version would be much better and less artificial tasting but for how little i payed for it i ca n't say i disliked it . 
  thinking of making my own in the future . 
  i mean more in the sense of ` sedaj smo na slovenskem ' ( vocative case but you get the point ) or something along those lines . 
  i ca n't remember what we called these word forms in school but it 's basically a noun if i remember correctly - slovensko for slovenia and slova\u0161ko for slovakia . 
  like kitajska ( china ) or dolenjska ( region in slovenija ) . 
  has to be said that in some contexts we call the slovene lands ` slovensko ' in slovenian while we 'd call the slovak lands slova\u0161ko in the same context . 
  so there 's a bit of added confusion there . 
  somewhat related , in some cases the two languages seem very closely related - not just through standard slavic similarities . 
  even if that 's just superficial i think the slovak language is beautiful and same goes for the other west slavic languages . 
  i 'd gladly take west slavic studies in my spare time if my current program was n't so demanding . 
  should be most of them . 
  i 'd say all of them but then someone would show me the flag of san marino and i 'd draw a blank . 
  if we 're talking about luxemburg and larger i should n't have any trouble . 
  great suggestion !, 
  i generally like our flag and i especially like our coat of arms . 
  sometimes i wonder if it would look better if it was positioned and scaled in the same way as slovakia 's . 
  it would probably cause even more confusion but i could imagine it looking nice . 
   however also some of the worst shitposters in this sub are incidentally slovenian :d amen . 
  i think kontaktnicenter has had his account suspended so that 's good - itscalledunicode posts utter shit but i 'm still not entirely sure he 's not the same person as kontaktnicenter . 
  exactly .
