been there twice , first as a child with my family and second as part of our high school graduation trip through the former yugoslavia . 
  i remember beautiful beaches - budva seemed to be a popular tourist destination for russians when we stayed there the second time . 
  people in general seemed to be very warm . 
  i do n't remember where exactly we were staying with my parents but the beach we frequented was closed off one of the days we were there , for security reasons . 
  since it was owned or at least controlled by the hotel we were staying at , we still got to use it and it turned out president vujanovi\u0107 was staying there . 
  we saw him going for a swim with a bunch of security guards in front of him checking the sea for who knows what . 
  i also remember visiting the tomb of petar ii petrovi\u0107-njego\u0161 twice , which also included climbing up 400 stairs if i recall correctly . 
  the first time i was happy about getting a medal for the insane feat , the second time i nearly died from severe hungover . 
  either way the scenery was incredible . 
  we visited the seaside town of kotor as well and as random as it might be , i remember it sharing a bit of history with us as part of the illyrian provinces under napoleon . 
  all in all a beautiful country with rich history . 
  somehow it uses the euro as its currency even though it 's not part of the eurozone . 
  do n't ask me how but it i suppose it works well for tourism . 
  tl ; dr kotor , budva , vujanovi\u0107 , petar ii , euro without eurozone membership , warm people , beautiful scenery . 
  yes , \u010cebelica maja . 
  sretan dan dr\u017eavnosti , bra\u010do srbi congratulations and best of luck in the future , 
  i think calling us this would be much more risky . 
  alpine serbs is just a fun joke to me , it makes me smile if anything . 
  mountain croats or alpine croatia is something i 've seen some people actually believe in today 's times and it has historical significance - the idea that slovenes should or even could be their own nation is not something that people have taken for granted in the past and there have been many linguists and literary critics who subscribed to the ideas of the illyrian movement of the 19th century . 
  our greatest literary figures , france pre\u0161eren and ivan cankar both strongly opposed this idea and both their works incorporated its criticism along with a strive for a distinct slovene culture and national identity in all spheres of public life . 
  - ivan cankar both of them saw other slavic cultures as inspirations and as models which we should use to develop our own culture , but never at the expense of our national identity . 
  i think people to this day forget or ignore either part of this simple view . 
  source ? 
  i 'll take it . 
  feel free to send beer and nakl\u00e1dan\u00fd hermel\u00edn . 
  probably brinjevec . 
  it differs from regular gin in that it 's made from fermenting actual juniper berries and then distilling the product whereas regular gin is produced by flavouring grain alcohol with juniper extract or berries . 
  sorry for being a smartass , i appreciate you even knowing about slovene cuisine . 
  if you ever get a hand on some pr\u0161ut , it goes well and is usually paired with teran ( terrano ) - a strong red wine primarily grown in the karst region . 
  if you ca n't get a hold of it , some refo\u0161k ( refosco ) would probably work as well since the grapes are related . 
  that would be pr\u0161ut . 
  the difference is that it 's wind-dried in the ` burja ' wind which blows from the continent towards the coast . 
  yeah this is true . 
  we still joke about it with friends but people do n't seem to actually care about it . 
   la\u0161ko is better than union this is correct . 
  i also prefer bohinj to bled . 
  less tourists and several hiking trails . 
  also you can rent various types of boats like canoe and kayak and find a small secluded beach along the shore all for yourself . 
  yeah , what now russia ? 
  what now ? 
  talk . 
  shit . 
  hit . 
  ... be gentle . 
  10/10 would consume mulled wine in close proximity to, 
  it 's definitely of little value , in most cases does little to lessen the burden on groups and views which lie outside of established rhetoric and often it only makes the authority more difficult to pinpoint and criticize . 
  agreed , but i would n't call it a problem - rather a requirement brutalist architects seem to disregard in many cases . 
  very good post . 
  your analysis of brittish ideology seems very well thought out and its tendency towards politesse and cynicism as means of indirect but pervasive social control is something i 've thought about as well - although i would n't call it quintessentially brittish at all , it is a trademark of many western nations , even more so today than it might have been in the past . 
  i 'd even go so far to say that 's its probably closely linked to the development of modern democracy , where authority can no longer be manifested in ( what are percieved as ) centralized institutions like kings , leaders , singular parties , etc. 
  in a way , it 's the mark of ideological decentralization of authority . 
  however , i think this is not inherently linked with modernist philosophy and art . 
  to me at least , modernism largely goes hand in hand with the rejection of this subtle , unspoken dynamic of authority . 
  in its outright rejection of ` traditional ' art , philosophy and culture and in its total adherence to progress and contemporary thought , it seems more authoritarian than totalitarian - which are in my opinion two categorically different approaches to power . 
  especially if you look at the early soviet avant-garde you can see this distinction , where various artist and collectives very clearly and directly rejected traditional forms of art and proudly erected new ones in their place - not in any subtle manner but with very visible and unapologetic force and authority . 
  the difference between brittish mentality and early soviet mentality is that the former cynically criticizes that which it sees unfit and outdated , while the latter ruthlessly demands its removal and replacement with ' a brand new world ' . 
  i think a good example of this can be found in the article , where the author of the statement claims to represent the ` vanguard of the renaissance ' - a return to the grass-roots of brittish architecture and spirit , rather than a progression to a new avant-garde . 
  but i suppose this can be interpreted as a progressive versus conservative dynamic within a larger modernist framework of thought as well . 
  oh and i have to admit that i have n't read 1984 . 
  i do n't know , i enjoy a lot of brutalist design . 
  like for instance , the [ two buildings on repulic square ] ( https://img.rtvslo.si/_up/upload/2014/03/13/65084914_republike3.jpg ) in ljubljana . 
  if done correctly , the massiveness of it can evoke a certain feeling of strength and sovereignty , perhaps even authority at times . 
  i do n't think there 's anything wrong with countries replacing old buildings and raising new ones in their place , using their own vision of the world . 
  however , it 's worth noting that aesthetics and architecture are always ideological - projects like this i think , signal a change in how the acting institutions view their own past and future . 
  it comes to no surprise that the uk government , and i suppose the people , find little in common with modernist architecture and ideology . 
  but the desire to be a ` vanguard of renaissance ' tells its own story ... 
  hell yeah , bring out the slivovice / slivovka . 
  again , i would n't mind this either . 
  i 've always had a certain fondness and respect for the czech republic . 
  plus our country music seems a lot like yours except with more accordion - i guess we can listen to both , have a beer and complain about pre-ww1 austrian germanization . 
  oh , i would n't mind honestly , provided that it does n't erupt in civil war . 
  we 'd finally get some serious coastline , plus there 's so many italian tourists visiting the karst region we probably would n't even notice the change . 
  not sure how croatia would feel about this though . 
  looks beautiful , we 've been talking about visiting romania with my friends for a while and stuff like this sure helps start the conversation . 
  nope , but i 'm stopping in istanbul inbetween flights on sunday . 
  i 'm pretty excited , i 've heard great things about the city and its culture . 
  i think the role of our military in emergency situations is commendable but in my own experience they seem a bit under-prepared for them . 
  at least during the 2014 sleet storms it felt like the firefighters , civil defense and austrian forces contributed much more than our own military , even though we were one of the towns hit hardest by the sleet . 
  but then again , every bit of aid helps so it would n't be right to complain too much . 
  although , if we 're actually planning to ramp up our military budget to meet nato demands , it would n't hurt to focus more on our emergency response capabilities instead of war equiptment which is ultimately going to be overshadowed by any other military in the pact anyway . 
  just my two cents of farmer 's logic though , i ca n't say i actively follow military affairs in this country . 
  cooperation is alright but if anything i want a more independant eu across all fields . 
  trump has changed nothing , like the presidents before him i see him as a mere spokesperson for the various american industrial complexes that set the course of american politics . 
  and since i want the eu to be completely outside of the spheres of influence of said industries , i wish we 'd take a more independant route on the world stage, 
  honestly , i 'd agree . 
  the one thing pulling ljubljana down is that there 's a lot of people who 've lived there their entire lives and tend to be a bit ignorant towards the rural parts of the country . 
  not aggressively though , it 's more a case of living inside a bubble . 
  on the other hand , i 've had quite a few experiences of smugness or at least aggressive pride from the dolenjska and \u0160tajerska regions with the latter being much more problematic . 
  it does n't seem the other regions have this problem . 
  the other extreme is the notranjska region where i 'm from . 
  i have n't met a single proud ` notranjc ' in my life . 
  it 's the region nobody cares about , not even its inhabitants . 
  high-school trip to vienna , austria for two days , was pretty uneventful but it was like my third or fourth time going there at that point . 
  a trip to florence , pisa and vinci in italy , saw the standard tourist sites and museums . 
  three days , got drunk . 
  trip to dachau and m\u00fcnich , it was very interesting and we were about 18 at the time so they let us have a beer at the beer house . 
  i really enjoyed the natural history museum . 
  we got insanely drunk at the hotel . 
  skiing trip to forni di sopra in italy for about a week , had a great time . 
  mostly just skied until like 3 and then just relaxed until some social gathering type of event in the evening .
