  it was leaning against a lamp post in the street around the corner . 
  i am pretty sure the police did n't even bother to look for it at all . 
  anyway at least they allowed me to just take it back home and closed the case without any bureaucratic shenanigans . 
  we have 3 out of 4 in common . 
  i do n't really get the concept of `` i feel german '' or `` i feel european '' . 
  for me , i feel like a citizen of my hometown , which happens to be in germany , which happens to be in europe . 
  so i am all of that at the same time . 
  why would one of these mean more than the others ? 
  i also never understood the arguement that making an actual state out of the eu for example would detract from being a member of one of the nation states within it . 
  i am already an eu citizen and feel like one , while at the same time i am an german citizen and a citizen of the state rhineland-palatinate . 
  all of those mean equally as much to me . 
  why would that suddenly change if the eu becomes a country instead of economic union ? 
  and why would i even bother by sorting them from `` worst '' to `` best '' ? 
  if i talk to an australien , i might mention that i am european first , if he inquires further than i say i am german and if he still wants to know more i tell him about my state or my hometown . 
  so it 's just a detail of information . 
  but to me they `` feel '' exactly the same . 
  huh , sounds interesting indeed . 
  too bad it will probably squeezed in between something like j\u00f6rg pilawas super-quiz and soko saarbr\u00fccken . 
  tax is probably the simplest way of putting it . 
  in more detail : the german state made a contract with the public broadcasters that they can collect a fee for their service in return for being available through the country and having an `` education mandate '' ( they have to use a certain amount of their air time to show educational programs ) . 
  before 2013 that meant that if you have a tv or a radio you automatically have access to the public broadcasters , so you had to pay the fee . 
  if you had neither and you could prove it than you did not have to pay , as you had no way of recieving the service . 
  however a few people just hid their tv sets and radios whenever the controllers came . 
  iirc they had no right to search your house , but maybe i missremember . 
  anyway that and the advent of the internet , which allowed you to watch the programm of the public broadcasters in their so called `` mediathek '' ( an online database of all their past weeks broadcasts ) led to a change of the law . 
  so since 2013 you have to pay the fee , whether you have a tv/radio or not . 
  maybe i got some details wrong but i think that is the general gist of it . 
  the tv . 
  specifically the two public broadcasters ard and zdf . 
  they are funded not only by ads , but also by a special tax that you pretty much have to pay . 
  this makes them the highest payed tv stations in europe . 
  and how do they use those funds ? 
  to create an endless barrage of game shows and crime thrillers . 
  oh and let us not forget the shows that seem to be produced for people age 70 + only . 
  we could do such great stuff with all that money , but we are hindered by producers without a lick of creativity and the mentality that they should never change a winning team ( those game shows and crime thrillers do work , but we have no variety ) . 
  you get the occasional good creative show , like `` tatort reiniger '' or `` ijon tichy - raumpilot '' but they are usually stuffed in the middle of the night in an offshoot of the main channel , where only few people ever get to see them . 
  if people cause you pain while shaking your hand they are doing it wrong . 
  a firm handshake is not painful , it is reassuring . 
  unlike those non-handshakes that feel like you have a dead fish in your hand . 
  just gross . 
  i once had a lecturer , who had lived in taiwan for 8 years . 
  she told us that asians , the chinese in particular , have very soft handshakes that would infuriate germans . 
  we did n't really believe her until she shaked each and everyone of hour hands ( we were about 16 students in the class if i remember correctly ) . 
  and what can i say , that handshake was agonizingly soft . 
  if you are used to firm handshakes all your life , it feels so wrong that it actually becomes infuriating . 
  just like she said . 
  fluent : german , english can hold a limited conversation : portuguese can read : latin , dutch in my school we started english in 5th grade , i was in the last age group to start this late , the next batch of pupils started in 3rd grade i think . 
  in other words english became an elemantary school subject , while for me it only started in the gymnasium ( highest level of school in germany ) . 
  at the end of 6th grade we also had to choose another language to learn starting in 7th grade . 
  the options were french and latin , i chose the latter . 
  mostly because you do n't have to worry about pronunciation with latin , you just read and translate is , that 's all . 
  in 9th grade we could choose another optional language to learn ( either the one we did not pick before , spanish or russian ) . 
  i started spanish , but the teacher was so boring and i did n't see the benefit of 45 minutes a week of a new language , so i dropped it after a few months . 
  at university level i took 2 courses in portuguese , the brazilian variation to be exact . 
  i feel like i 've forgotten most of it already , even if it my last lesson is just a few months ago . 
  i currently ca n't take another course though . 
  i should start watching some portuguese shows . . has anyone some recommendations ? 
  in the light of european language day , we should also take a look at all those fine dialect variations that spice up our daily life . 
  i 'll start : my local dialect is [ pf\u00e4lzisch ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/palatine_german_language ) . 
  it can be split into , kurpf\u00e4lzisch ( spoken in the kurpfalz area ) vorderpf\u00e4lzisch ( spoken in the eastern part of the pfalz ) and hinterpf\u00e4lzisch ( spoken in the western part of the pfalz ) . 
  of course there are more differences like a north-south divide , or how certain vowels are pronounced . 
  in fact every town has it 's own variation of the dialect . 
  pf\u00e4lzisch is part of the rhenish franconian dialects and therefore related with saarlandish , hessian and lorrain franconian . 
  but due to proximity , it also mostly mutually intelligible with the northern alemannic dialects , most notably the dialect spoken in nothern alsace . 
  since the region saw a lot of war and famines in the past , there was a large diaspora that let to countles `` pf\u00e4lzisch-language-isles '' in places where you would not expect to hear it . 
  this includes russia , the balkans , kazakhstan and north and south america . 
  in most of these places the dialect is pretty much extinct though . 
  one of the few remaining bastions is pennsylvania dutch , which while influenced by other german dialects and english , is still intelligible for a pf\u00e4lzisch speakers ( the other way round it may be a bit harder , but not impossible ) . 
  the dialect is often said to be a lot softer than standart german . 
  sometimes it even described as somewhat french in melody and intonation . 
  personally i see actually a surprsing resemblance to portuguese . 
  for example we use the same nasal \u00f5 sound . 
  that 's it from me , now it 's your turn . 
  feel free to provide video examples too !, 
  so i know halloween is not really a thing in europe but i think it would n't hurt to share some folk lore and urban myths . 
  ca n't let the americans have all the fun for themselves . 
  i 'll start . 
  this is an actual folk lore story from my hometown , we even have a sculpture group dedicated to it . 
  the story itself is probably not very scary for the modern sensibilities , but i did manage to creep a chinese exchange student out with it . 
  more than 200 years ago , in 1813 , a ferryman was lying on the eastern bank of the rhine , near the town of speyer . 
  it was already dark and he was sure nobody would come and asked to be taken to the other side this late . 
  suddenly he heard a deep echoing voice . 
  `` haul over ! '', 
  at first he did n't see where the voice was comming from , all he saw was the pitch black night and some feint moonlight reflecting on the river . 
  but again it echoed through the night . 
  `` haul over ! '', 
  there he saw him , or it . 
  more a shadow than a person , standing on the other side of the river . 
  reluctantly he stepped on his ferry and made his way towards the figure . 
  he thought , if he just get closer he may be able to take a better look at the man . 
  but no . 
  even though each stroke of his paddle drew him closer to the shadow , no contours became visible . 
  finally he arrived . 
  the shadow creeped slowly towards his boat , making no movement that would resemble steps . 
  suddenly three more shadows appeared , following the first one . 
  once the boat was filled with the weightless phantoms , the ferryman started steering the the ferry back to the other side . 
  he did not dare to ask question , he did not even dare to look at the four ghastly apparition that shared the ride . 
  after what seemed to be an eternity the ferry arrived at the shore . 
  three of the creatures left the boat as gently as they entered it , but the first one turned around towards the ferryman . 
  it 's cloak lifted revealing a skeleton like hand , holding on to a small purse .
