  you just have to remember what you read and you are good to go . 
  not if operation sea lion ii procedes as planned ... wait i do n't think i 'm supposed to talk about that yet . 
  forget you read anything . 
  if your result is [ any less than this ] ( http://imgur.com/a/jasqm ) , i 'm afraid we have to revoke your eu-passport . 
  if you did n't have one , we will give you one ... so we can revoke it !, 
  [ i think i did n't do too bad , considering i never visited the us . 
  the turin old ladies seem to be one of the teams to beat . 
  well our ice hockey , handball and american football teams ( yes we do have some ) are already using these kinds of names . 
  adler mannheim ( mannheim eagles/ice hockey ) , rhein-neckar l\u00f6wen ( rhine-neckar lions/handball ) and berlin rebels ( a. 
  football ) would be examples . 
  if football ( soccer ) teams would use such names , they 'd probably derive from their already existing nicknames . 
  schalke 04 would be the schalke squires ( or gelsenkirchen squires ) , fc k\u00f6ln would be the billy goats cologne , 1 . 
  fc kaiserslautern would be the kaiserslautern red devils and fc bayern munich would be the munich assholes . 
  i never tan . 
  i did n't tan in the 3 weeks i spent in brazil last month and i did n't tan in 2 weeks under the sun of egypt . 
  and i do n't get sunburns either or turn red like a lobster . 
  the color of my skin never changes . 
  i do n't know why to be honest . 
  i would n't be so sure , there are a lot of domst\u00e4dte in germany and the average german would probably usually think of the one closest to his home . 
  just because cologne has the most famous cathedral , does n't mean it completely overshadows all the others . 
  stingy old hag without a backbone . 
  every city/town with a cathedral is called domstadt . 
  source : from a domstadt that is not cologne . 
  even our sports teams are usually nicknamed domst\u00e4dter . 
  strictly speaking , you could work with only english . 
  in international corporations and it firms english has more or less replaced german as the language of operation , though colleagues probably still speak a lot of german among each other in less official contexts . 
  for medical centers in particular , i 'm not sure . 
  all the doctors would speak decent enough english , but they probably still prefer german . 
  and not all the patients will be able to speak it , especially not old people . 
  besides , your life is n't only work . 
  for everyday situations you absolutely need to speak atleast basic german . 
  otherwise something as simple as going to the bakery might proof to be difficult . 
  it may be better in tourist/university cities , but still it would create unnecessary challenges every day . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 'll get a similar experience all over non-english speaking europe . 
  some countries might be easier to survive with only english , others may be borderline impossible . 
   it bombed spectacularly in germany ( what the shit , germany ? ), 
  shows and movies about the cold war era and even more so the third reich are a dime a dozen in germany . 
  they are n't too expensive to produce ( the costume departments have enough ss/stasi uniforms to spare ) and usually attract enough viewers to be commerically viable . 
  and as seen in this case you can also sell them abroad for more money . 
  it 's part of the low risk strategy that destroys any form of creativity in german tv for decades now . 
  if you watch our productions you may get the idea that germany has about roughly 100 years of history , instead of more than a 1000 . 
  but chainmail armors or powdered wigs are not on stock in the costume deparments i guess . 
  easy come , easy go , will you let met go ? 
  caught in a landside , no escape from reality . 
  i 'm just a poor boy , nobody loves me ... \u266b, 
   germany would have been a cool partner as well , but they do n't have as much experience as uk in this matter . 
  no , it 's english of course . 
  in my school we then had the choice between french and latin , i chose the latter . 
  then we had the option to learn a third language , which was either the one we did n't pick for second foreign language or spanish or russian . 
  i chose spanish , but the teacher was awful so i dropped it after half a year . 
  i took one year of portuguese at my university though . 
  so divide and conquer ? 
  i 'll be the jane goodall of creepy sex tourist researchers !, 
  expect my ground breaking thesis on their devious behavior to be awarded with countless honors . 
  i 'll show you all !!, 
  yes , i 'm certain canada and most likely the us too would n't even want to join ( unless maaaaaybe in an economical extremely dire situation , but would we want them in such a case ? ) . 
  from the european perspective it would be possible , even if it was n't an european union then anymore . 
  but hey australia is in the eurovision , so anything goes . 
  to add to what crossmountain said , we also have clubs at our universities , which atleast in my opinion make fraternities superfluous . 
  of course it 's not the same thing , you meet around a certain activity or interest , but the result of having an organized social group to hang out with is the same . 
  do you have a link ? 
  for research purposes ... ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  in case we finally manage to put aside our squabbling in europe and form a federation i think canada would be the more likely candidate to join . 
  smaller countries ( population wise of course ) are easier to integrate and canada also happens to be closer to the european social and economic systems . 
  it also seems to be closer in values right now . 
  * cough * should the usa ever recover from trump and get someone like sanders as potus , they might be able to join too . 
  problem i see is , if they are are in , they are in it to lead . 
  and i do n't even blame them , they would be the biggest economic , military and demographic power in the federation . 
  still , if the geopolitical goals of the usa do n't allign 100 % with europe , it might do more damage than good . 
  but this is all moot anyway , if we ca n't get 28 small to medium sized countries to realize that working together is the only option to stay relevant in this increasingly multipolar world . 
  i also remember a political drama mini-series about a woman trying to become mayor of berlin . 
  or maybe she was mayor already . 
  not sure , the show did n't really leave an impression . 
  i also do n't remember the name . 
  have n't been to a media markt in a while , since i buy most of my electronics on amazon . 
  i do remember one of my friends mentioning them in a conversation , he just did n't know what they were called . 
  either way , call me oldschool , but i will keep on spinning pens/pencils or whatever small object i can get my hands on , instead of buying something just for that task . 
  so recently i wanted to google something beginning with `` f '' and google suggested the fidget spinner . 
  i was like `` the fuck is a fidget spinner ? 
  some kind of racial slur ? '', 
  but i could n't be bothered to use the opportunity to find out . 
  now i know . 
  never seen one though , but i usually do n't hang out with kids . 
  you mistake me sir , i 'm quadratus antipatros !, 
  i have a roman first name and a greek second name , so i 'd probably continue this pattern . 
  while it was coincidence for me , my mother wanted to give me a russian name ( turned into the greek one ) and my father wanted a portuguese name ( turned into the roman one ) , it fit perfectly with my interest in ancient history . 
  new england/boston/new jersey are my closest matches . 
  makes sense though . 
  while we learned british english in school , i personally learned much more from watching videos in english on the internet . 
  i watched a lot of avgn back then and probably picked up a lot of his pronunciation . 
  thanks !, 
  was n't anything serious though just a septum correction so i can correctly breathe through both of my nostrils . 
  and it healed up perfectly , no worries . 
  several do , pf\u00e4lzisch for example . 
  which is why helmut kohl overcompensated when he pronounced the word `` geschichte '' ( history ) making it `` ge ** ch ** ichte '' because in his dialect he would have said `` g \u00b4 schischd '' . 
  i can relate . 
  i was in the hospital at the start of the year and i just could n't get myself to go there . 
  it was clean and everything , but just the fact that there where always people buzzing around stopped from doing my duty . 
  so i went as soon as i got home and boy i feared i would tear open my operation scars from the pressing . 
  felt like having a baby ... through the butt .
