  my french ex did n't speak much german , but she always wanted me to do it . 
  i said `` but you wont understand what , i 'm telling you . '', 
  she replied `` i do n't care , keep speaking german ! '', 
  little known fact : all germans have symbols on their bellies , if the need for carebear stares arises . 
  carebear-like . 
  that 's really not something i would have associated with german myself . 
  maybe certain dialects though . 
  i always thought my own dialect has some bear like quality , but more baloo from the jungle book . 
  harsh , angry , commanding . 
  that sort of stuff . 
  my first girlfriend was from france . 
  the problem with dating her was n't that she * was * from another country , it was that she still * lived * in another country . 
  we literally border hopped to see each other . 
  she tried to find a job in germany to stay with me , but without knowing much german , it was n't possible . 
  it took her long enough to find a job in france . 
  she also tried to convince me to move to france , but i just do n't see my future there . 
  i neither speak the language , nor was i ever particularly interested in the country . 
  a good neighbor , but that 's it as far as i am concerned . 
  so we split when visiting each other became to expensive for a student and an unemployed woman . 
  we are still friends though . 
  when refering to the us , you may use `` murica '' though . 
  for me it 's all the same . 
  i see no reason to not identify as european to the same degree i identify as german , palatinatian or with my hometown . 
  that said , most stereotypes about germans do not fit me , many about palatinatians do . 
  so i guess in the end , i do lean more to the regional side . 
  my cat loves to bite and beat the crap out of my mom 's old scrunchies , so i let him do that . 
   weimar-cinema this makes it even worse , when you see modern german movies . 
  granted the nazis did destroy our film industry back then , but it 's not like we could n't have recovered from that . 
  the producers are really to blame here . 
  even most of our original tv shows get relegated to small channels and there they are aired usually after 10 p.m. like der tatortreiniger or ijon tichy : raumpilot . 
  on one hand we should be thankful for every great movie or show idea that does make it through , but on the other hand we should n't really accept this environment which punishes creativity . 
  yes , it 's rare but sometimes we get temperatures of 40 \u00b0 in the summer in south western germany . 
  also i 've been to southern in egypt in the summer . 
  it had 42 \u00b0 in the shadow . 
  the funny thing was that the egyptian summer did n't really affect me that much . 
  it was dry heat , i can deal with that . 
  but along the rhine , when it 's hot it 's usually also humid . 
  and that stuff destroys me . 
  i ca n't deal with humidity and heat . 
  and yes , like others said , we do n't have air conditioning here . 
  it would be a waste of money and energy for 10 months of the year . 
  but 1\u00a01/2 to 2 months of heat ... well the ice cream sales go up like crazy . 
  my favorite topic !, 
  our movie industry is at the same time very developed , but unable to produce some hollywood level content . 
  we have the studios ( bavaira , babelsberg etc. 
  ) , the money and they know-how . 
  we just do n't do it . 
  or to be fair , we rarely do it . 
  every few years you 'll have a masterpiece like `` das boot '' or `` der untergang '' . 
  the neverending story was also a high quality german production . 
  every now and then we also co-produce some larger scale projects with other countries , like `` the physician '' with the uk . 
  but overall germany mainly produces crime thrillers and rom-coms . 
  which in my opinion are next to horror films the most cost efficient stuff you can produce . 
  and while i 'm not a fan of those genres , i 'm not sayign there is anything wrong with it , aside from the quantity . 
  if people enjoy crime dramas and rom-coms , go ahead , but please give me some variety for my license fees . 
  we could easily produce a blockbuster , even language would n't be a problem . 
  in the past we have hired english speaking actors for german movies ( like dustin hoffman for `` das parfum '' ) and just dubbed them over for our audience , while keeping the original audio for the international market . 
  it 's just that german movie makers lack the courage to finance bigger projects . 
  i 'm friends with german screen writers . 
  they have some amazing scripts lying around , but they will never get produced , because `` german sci-fi/fantasy does n't sell '' . 
  sorry for the rant , i 'm very passionate about this topic, 
  some say , he has not yet unveiled his true form , for the human mind could not handly such beauty . 
  [ do future heads of government count , if their win is 120 % certain ? 
   gymnasium do an 11th and 12th year i 'm not sure if it still applies , it 's been 7 years since i finished school , but back in the day some states had also a 13th year , or in my case half a year . 
  so we basically got 13th grade , but it also ended in january , not in june . 
  in northern germany dialects are rare , in the east , west and south they are still going strong . 
  especially here in the south we have a hard time hiding where we are from . 
  our dialect always shines through our attempts to speak standard german . 
  low german is basically from another branch of west germanic , than standard german . 
  that 's why they are so different . 
  standard german is comprised of high german dialects , most notably saxon ( as in the upper saxony dialect ) . 
  low german on the otherhand is related to old english and frisian . 
  i have to say , i did n't know low german was so prevalent in south america . 
  however i also never really looked much into it . 
  i was more interested in the global variations of palatinate dialects like pennsylvania dutch , banat swabian or volga german . 
  listening to it again , it does sound more like his brother was just killed by a criminal . 
  which would also explain him switching career paths from dentist to bounty hunter . 
  tarantino likes to defy stereotypes and as it stands germans , alongside russians and the british are `` go-to '' bad guys of hollywood . 
  now of course in a movie set in nazi-occupied france the germans had to be the bad guys . 
  there were also germans on the good side , but that is , if you can even call the basterds the good side . 
  the point of the movie is , that they are n't . 
  anyway , maybe dr. king schultz ( btw king is not a first name over here , just to be clear ) was ment as apology for following the mainstream in the last movie . 
  or maybe he wrote him as a german , because he loved waltz performance so much and he needed an excuse why the character has a german ( or rather viennese ) accent . 
  either way , it is fitting . 
  there were a lot of germans moving to the us , even if it was less than in the decades before . 
  on top , the movie is set only few years after the failed revolution of 1848 . who knows maybe schultz was part of the liberal movement . 
  if i remember , one of the songs says his brother was killed . 
  maybe for taking part in the revolution ? 
  it would make sense , characterwise , but on the other hand i doubt tarantino thought that much about it . 
  depends on where you live . 
  i 'm in a small town , which also happens to be one of the most expensive in germany . 
  i would say germany has this the most . 
  living space is expensive , so if a family already owns a house , it 's cheaper not to move out if you do n't have to for work/studying/founding your family . 
  still it 's more common south of the alps . 
  i 'm refering to the dialect of upper saxony . 
  if was talking about low german , i would have said low german . 
   by the way , low german is pretty rare nowadays , there are n't that many speakers left . 
  as such , it 's also not very present in the media . 
  i would n't even know what it sounds like , of the top of my head . 
  probably a bit like old english .
