  examples : [ die biene maja ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jgupmavnrsy ) from 1975 . 
  this one also has a [ remake from 2013 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ua3w8aziwv0 ) , a co-production with france . 
  [ wickie und die starken m\u00e4nner ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddtes4vbsg4 ) from 1974 . 
  also in co-production with the japanese . 
  [ ottis ottifanten ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pweyzqang0q ) from 1993 . 
  not for children , more aimed at adults . 
  based on the sidekick characters of a famous german comidian . 
  animated in germany . 
  sorry i was talking about the area where i live specifically , should have clarified that . 
  of course the way of speech for voice-acting is different from every day speech , i just used it as example of where i heard a lot of japanese . 
  my opinion for regular japanese is the same though , it 's just worse in anime . 
  as for dubbing in general , i like it . 
  on reddit and the english speaking internet in general you 'll find a lot of germans who hate dubbing . 
  but i think they are too quick with their dismissal . 
  i particularly hate the argument that the dub destroys the meaning humor etc. 
  of the original . 
  i think that could n't be further from the truth . 
  the dub creates something new and interesting . 
  with movies i liked a lot , i always try to watch both english and german versions to compare them , to see what the different actors and directors made out of a scene , how they changed the emotions in a dialog and such . 
  i know it 's not everyone 's cup of tea , but finding the version you like , original , dubbed or subbed is n't that hart anymore today , so everyone can see what they want . 
  no reason to hate on the other . 
  oh i know that opinion is rare . 
  most of my friends are into anime and many of them take nothing but subbed versions , anything else is for casuals i guess . 
  so whenever they want me to watch something it 's the japanese dub . 
  unsurprisingly i did n't have a high opinion of those shows . 
  the staccato-like sound of the language just annoys me too much . 
  i definitely enjoy them more when they are dubbed . 
  ( the death glares i have gotten in the past for this opinion ... ), 
  storms are the only thing that comes to mind . 
  it 's every other year we have one powerful storm . 
  i do n't remember anyone dying , just damage to cars and buildings and some knocked-over trees . 
  we also had a flood , where i live , about 100 years ago . 
  nothing since then . 
  dislike : french . 
  my grandma loved it ( but could n't speak it ) and most people say it 's the language of love and what not , but to me it sounds like `` arrogantly spitting words '' instead of saying them . 
  i know that sounds harsh and i think i have add that i have nothing against french people . 
  in fact my first girlfriend was french . 
  it 's also not an `` oh that reminds me of my ex '' - thing , i 'm still friends with her . 
  no , my entire live i disliked the sound of french and i doubt that will ever change . 
  sorry my friends across the border , i still like your food and your comics . 
  please forgive me for hating the sound of your language . 
  it has a very nice flow and melody . 
  portuguese . 
  it reminds me somehow of my german dialect and since i have family in brazil , i associate family gatherings with hearing it . 
  norwegian . 
  it has that nice old world feel to it . 
  like you step back in time . 
  i decided to do a little bonus , while i 'm already talking about languages i do n't like . 
  it 's not european but i really dislike japanese . 
  again , nothing against the people . 
  but that language sounds like they are constantly choking on something . 
  it only works for old tough samurai kind of guys . 
  like those who barely speak to begin with and if they do it 's only one to two words at a time . 
  but it just lacks a natural flow for an entire conversation . 
  i always liked the other east asian languages though , specifically cantonese and mandarin . 
  though admittedly i have a cross from my `` holy communion '' lying around somewhere in my room catching dust . 
  that communion was also the last time i entered a church for a religious purpose . 
  since then i have only ever entered them to look at the architecture . 
  hauptmann deutschland is a pretty bad name to german ears , but atleast it is just a faithful translation of captain germany . 
  however when marvel found out that the name had a bad connotation in germany , they renamed him to what they thought ment * guardian * . 
  from now on he was called * vormund * . 
  well it could also go this way within the eu , when several countries merge into federations to prepare becoming one big federation . 
  i do n't think that would be the best way to go , but it is a possibility . 
  not so much a myth , as a mythical creature made up to confuse visitors . 
  i present to you the weirdest fish-bird-woman-hybrid you will ever see : [ the elwetritsch ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elwetritsch ), 
  yes , but they are mostly used for storage . 
  often you 'll also find the laundry room there . 
  in our house it is also the access to the garage , since we have underground parking . 
  a friend of mine however lives in his parents basement . 
  he has a living room , a bedroom and his own bathroom , so it 's kind of like his own apartment , except that he has to go upstairs for cooking . 
  his family plans to build him a small kitchen down there too . 
  oh and he has his own entry door too . 
  the only reason i qualify it is a basement , is that it used to be one , they just build it into a functional apartment . 
  but that kind of stuff is rare , usually basements will be more like the first one i described . 
  instead of splitting up belgium , how about creating a unified benelux state . 
  if that works out , add france and germany and whoever else wants to join , until we have our european superstate . 
  just throwing ideas in the room ... 
  well your information is probably more up to date than mine . 
  still in my initial post , i never said it was only about economy . 
  i just said we ca n't compete with those states on our own . 
  whether that is in terms of economy , military or diplomacy ( as in having weight in world politics ) . 
  i know that russia 's economy is about the size of italy 's . 
  a bit less . 
  but that is beside the point . 
  russia is n't a global player for their economic might , which is based mostly resources . 
  fossil fuels i might add , so right now a lot countries depent on them and through rare earths , which are used in most of our technical gadgets we might depent on them in the future too . 
  but the real power of russia is its military might and its global influence . 
  the ussr might be gone , but a lot of its networks are still in use . 
  * egypt * : went there twice before the arab spring . 
  i think the picture you got as a tourist was ( and probably ) very misleading . 
  most of the locals just cared about your money . 
  but outside of the touristy areas the people were friendly and hospitable . 
  there is nothing like getting invited to a glass of tea by an egyptian family . 
  i also like how they take care of their historical heritage , even if it is again , mostly motivated by money . 
  * tunesia * : honestly there was n't that much difference in behaviour between egypt and tunesia , though i only visited the latter once . 
  the hotel i stayed in , was the worst i 've ever seen , so that might have soured my experience . 
  * brazil * : it 's country outside europe i visited the most . 
  i think 4 times . 
  when i was younger my family would fly there every 2 years . 
  plane tickets must have been cheap back then !,
