  it also helps that i currently have an e-mail correspondence with him . 
  he 's a real sweetheart . 
  i think pity would be the more accurate emotion we feel towards the english team . 
  [ i must leave now . 
  away with you demon !, 
  the power of [ gojira ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_y38iw_soqiw/tm3fuj2zxli/aaaaaaaagnm/wlv06y6srls/s1600/vlcsnap-2010-10-31-12h22m27s8.png ) compels you !, 
  if you are not dead set on living in a capital , you might consider to check out the rhine-neckar metropolitan region . 
  it 's large , full with it companies , the biggest one being sap , but there are plenty medium sized ones too like sas . 
  for a job english could be enough , though i do n't know the specifics . 
  it 's also warmer and generally has nicer weather than berlin ( it 's germany , so still rainy , but the best spot in terms of sunshine ) . 
  there are also plenty of opportunities for social work ( mannheim and ludwigshafen , maybe karlsruhe too ) . 
  on top of that many of the cities and towns are beautiful there . 
  the [ speyer brezelfest ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/speyer_brezelfest ) is the largest annual festival on the upper rhine . 
  it includes a parade , fireworks , a fun fair with a ferris wheel , large amounts of beer and pretzels , and since the last few years we always try to break some world record . 
  last year was the worlds largest movable dance floor , which was carried by four trucks . 
  by gdp northrhine-westfalia is above them ( as of 2015 ) . 
  and historically bavaria was for the longest time one of the economically weaker states , with their situation only improving in the late 80 's to early 90 's . 
  this . 
  for what 's it 's worth it 's pretty accurate i would say , with some minor mistakes here and there . 
  the biggest issue i have with it , aside from it going a bit too fast and focusing only on territory is the beginning . 
  it gives the false impression that only the mediterranian area was settled , with the rest of europe being a barren wasteland or dense forrest or something like that . 
  in reality there were a lot of cultures there . 
  we just do n't know their names , but we do have their remains . 
  the video could have given the names archeologists gave them , even if they are usually somewhat clunky . 
  christmas eve , definitely . 
  although it 's technically not a holiday in germany , only the 25th and 26th are . 
  still the 24th is the day of presents , a nice dinner and lots of hugging . 
  it was to throw off our enemies , so they think we are merely joking !, 
  they must never know the awesome military might that sealand hides behind its micronation disguise . 
  i hope they join nato too , if the us decides to leave . 
  europe needs it 's protector and sealand is the only nation up to the task . 
  ^ / s ^ just ^ in ^ case, 
  i would say seinfeld was more of a sleeper hit here . 
  they aired it late at night ( like 2 am or something along those lines iirc ) so many people did n't notice it initially . 
  however comedy central germany picked it up years later and ran it on a much better time slot . 
  i think it gained a lot of watchers from that . 
  still nowhere near the top of the most popular sitcoms in germany and completely paling in comparison to it 's fame in the states . 
  i kind of know about veggietales , since it has been spoofed in shows i watch ( i think the simpsons for example had a bit about it , maybe family guy too ) . 
  but i do n't think it ever aired over here . 
  that 70 's show aired under the name `` die wilden 70er '' ( the wild 70 's ) and was pretty succesful . 
  a lot of american sitcoms are/were . 
  king of queens for example was incredibly popular in germany . 
  so were married with ... children ( under the name `` eine schrecklich nette famile '' / an awfully nice family ) , frasier , scrubs and hogan 's heroes ( `` ein k\u00e4fig voller helden/a cage full of heroes ) . 
  i could go on , the list get 's very long . 
  if you want more examples , just ask . 
  true , i my definition was a bit vague . 
  the way i see it , law is culture . 
  different cultures used to have different views of what is justice . 
  still i agree with the sentiment that the term grundgesetz is more precise and more inclusive than leitkultur . 
  i think it is important to have something in common , some values that atleast the vast majority of the people can agree on . 
  let 's call it `` leitkultur '' ( ~ leading culture ) . 
  all immigrants should strife to follow the ideals of this leitkultur . 
  they do not have to give up their own unique cultural heritage for that ( only if it is in stark contrast to said leitkultur : ie . 
  no child marriages or stoning of non-believers in germany ) . 
  i think like in many things , you should follow neither path to the extreme , instead try to take the best of both worlds . 
  complete multiculturalism may leave your country splintered in the long run , complete monoculturalism can easily lead to xenophobia and ultranationalism . 
  a society should be open and liberal , but ready to defend it 's values . 
  i guess it really depends on who you ask in germany . 
  i would think for someone in the east it is a lot more distant than to me , who i live in a town founded by the roman empire ( though next to an already established celto-germanic settlement ) . 
  the influence of rome can be felt everywhere i guess , mostly because our empire shared the name . 
  in fact ours was called roman empire , until the `` holy '' was added to demonstrate that the emperor was above the pope in rank . 
  the name did n't bode well with the eastern roman empire , though some strategic marrying cleard that up . 
  so yeah , i would say the roman empire was for the longest part seen as a role model . 
  nowadays i would n't say this holds true , but it is still a fascinating topic for many , especially me , since i study history and rome is my favorite subject . 
  as far as i know it 's a placeholder . 
  the thing was supposed to be a joke at first ( hence the name ) but then people realized that it could be legit . 
  changing the name is postboned until they figured the rest out . 
  for anyone interested there is also r/e _ 4 it 's another sub created by the r/de community to combat right wing populism , but with a more serious approach . 
  basically they want to create a left liberal populistic pro-eu party in germany and maybe other countries too . 
  the subreddit started german , but it became very international quickly . 
  now most of the posts are also in english , sometimes also french . 
  i 've seen dutch , italian and polish posts too . 
  and while it is a circlejerk , i think the overall positivity sets apart from the usual stuff . 
  if you are tired of people telling you that foreigners are at fault for everything or how we should all build walls to hide behind , then r/the _ schulz is a welcome change of pace , with it 's bridge building and ode to joy singing . 
  same here , even though we are from different parts of germany . 
  also burned down my hometown and made our cathedral a pigpen . 
  let 's say we have mixed feelings . 
  i wish i could give you more upvotes . 
  if yes , then poor you . 
  the saarland is the part of germany that get 's ejected in a case of emergency . 
  we throw it at our enemy to confuse him , while we flee . 
  jokes aside , i 'm pretty sure you get bye with english for now . 
  maybe go to the city hall and ask for some information regarding german courses . 
  they may not offer them in ottweiler , so you might have to drive to the next larger city/town . 
  if you find a language school , you will also find people that speak english for conversations , though i guess many would want to practice their german instead . 
  the worst thing is , if the game is designed around their use . 
  so you ca n't even turn them off , because even if that is an option you will never find the way because there is nothing in the game that tells you where to go except the damn quest marker . 
  fast travel is a similar problem . 
  it makes the worlds appear small if you can just travel anywhere with one click and a load screen . 
  compare skyrim to morrowind . 
  one has fast travel , the other has an immersive system of travel options ( stilt-riders , boats , teleportation spells and services ) . 
  in morrowind you could everywhere you wanted , but it took a bit of time and planning . 
  you could n't go from one end of the map in 3 seconds , it took several minutes even with `` fast travel '' . 
  thus the world felt much bigger and more alive . 
  tell me about it . 
  my favorite game of all time is thief 2 : the metal age . 
  the game tells you s ** t . you get a map if you are lucky , but that one is usually not complete . 
  no quest markers , no help , just a plan to steal some stuff . 
  how you do it is up to you . 
  as far as gameplay goes , that game is nearly perfect in my eyes .
