  so why not call them that ? 
  i dislike the term mixed raced , it sounds to much like talking about dog breeds and goes into very racist territory as far as i am concerned . 
  i will call them whatever they want though , if they insist . 
  however i prefer to call these people just `` people '' , because that 's what they are , no matter the skin color . 
  pretty often , there are american air bases not too far away . 
  many us soldiers marry germans , quite a few of them are black and their children are too . 
  aside from that , we also have black african immigrants , mostly from nigeria and ghana from what i can tell . 
  i 'd say i see atleast one black person everytime i go out . 
  that 's more of a guess though , i never really payed attention to it . 
   though our variations of it are vastly superior was zum deivel hoschd du grad gem\u00e4\u00e4hnd , du klenni druschel ? 
  speyer : officially founded by the romans as the camp civitas nemetum in 10 bc . 
  so 2027 years old as of now . 
  however the romans actually build their camp close to the germanic/celtic settlement noviomagus . 
  we do n't know how old that settlement was , that 's why we go with the roman camp . 
  archeological evidence adds a few hundred years to it though . 
  in fact we have signs of settlements in the area that go back as far as the stone age . 
  probably . 
  a class mate of mine also went to the us to play college basketball . 
  he even ended up in the german national team , but as far as i know he did n't make it in the us . 
  he plays for some german team now . 
   i also do n't even no where the average herr m\u00fcller could go fishing here in germany . 
  i always see quite a few of fishers on the side arms of the rhine . 
  i guess those and some lakes are the typical spots . 
  i would n't want to sit there the whole day though , they are infested with mosqitoes . 
  we have our own basketball leagues you know . 
  in the case of germany , not many people watch them though , the sport is n't popular enough . 
  thanks !, 
  i also liked constance . 
  i guess this [ bro-thing ] ( https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcslgtlbogu-2juhhdfmzozz8dz3kbkutbwpydr7gcwltu94kbmb ) really works out for us . 
  [ nope , a bit further up the rhine . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/speyer ), 
  my region was part of france several times , so i guess they already know us . 
  do n't make me learn the language though . 
  i really do n't have the tongue for that stuff . 
  does that mean we are roman colonia/camp near germanic/celtic settlement bros now ? 
  which one , if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  because the same thing could be said about my hometown . 
  [ it 's from 2000 but it 's drenched in the 90 's ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ryamofnx0gq ), 
  it has daniel aminati in it . 
  i still ca n't get over that fact . 
  it took my breath away too . 
  literally . 
  when i visited the first time they had trouble with the sewer systems ( some flood i guess ) , the whole city smelled like feces . 
  atleast that did fit perfectly with the inhabitants attitude . 
  i did like the museums though . 
  those are really nice . 
  so that 's something . 
  it 's rather dry and not about [ experiments . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/40/cdu_wahlkampfplakat_-_kaspl019.jpg ), 
  the downside is you would have to live in berlin . 
  the `` adenauer '' is also a move during sex . 
   but not very german people say that all the time to me . 
  according to many different foreign friends , i 'm the `` least german german '' they ever met . 
  i 'm not sure whether that is a compliment , a dig at me or just a neutral assessment . 
  namibia still has a german speaking community to this day and in some cities street signs are also in german . 
  aside from that there are german dialect speakers all over the world , from pennsylvania to the south of brazil and from romania to kazakhstan . 
  as far as i know flying from paris to saint-denis ( r\u00e9union ) in the indian ocean is a domestic flight . 
  so yes , only start and end matter i guess . 
  you know what , i 'm going with the wildcard merges . 
  portugal , estonia , malta and iceland . 
  i have no idea how that would work , but domestic flights would be really long . 
  for frankish empire 2.0 you also need benelux , liechtenstein and switzerland , maybe austria and northern italy too . 
  i 'm sure they are all on board . 
  we have streets and squares named after all out partner cities like spaldingerstra\u00dfe for spalding ( uk ) and ravennaplatz for ravenna ( italy ) . 
  we also have a verdistra\u00dfe ( giuseppe verdi ) and a leh\u00e1rstra\u00dfe ( franz leh\u00e1r ) . 
  in fact a whole part of the city has streets named after famous composers , most of them are german or austrian . 
  true , it will be difficult either way . 
  i could see getting back into the eu being potentially better in the long run though , even if it dents the scottish economy for a while . 
  in fact i hope the uk comes back as a whole one day . 
  the difference is the uk has to negotiate all those new trade deals first , while scotland could slide into the established system more easily . 
  yes , but the uk will probably suffer from leaving the free market in europe . 
  what do you think is a better deal for scotland , trading with a country that will face financially hard times or trading with a whole block of countries , they already have ties too ? 
  do n't forget italy . 
  we also have minor ones with argentina , france and spain . 
  for other sports : i think it 's the netherlands in field hockey . 
  i only watch that during the olympics though , so i 'm not sure . 
  [ good choices !, 
  ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/billy-d_approves.gif ), 
  in medieval times they would catapult pest-ridden cow carcasses over the city walls , in modern day saarland they fire hookers with herpes at you . 
  in the palatinate we make it like donkey kong and throw [ barrels ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/giant_cask ) at our enemies !, 
   germans often say that everything else than the pronunciation of hannover is simply wrong . 
  i 'm pretty sure only people from that area would say something like that . 
  the more south you go the more people schlewwer wie inne di schnauz g ` wachse is . 
  the sunkissed paradise palatinate vs. the hive of scum and villainy saarland . 
  i guess because it 's a bit cheezy , but i think it 's also a movie that really helps you understand modern germany . 
  there are plenty of people who say that world cup victory was the true birth of the the federal republic . 
  it gave us our dignity back . 
  also it has fritz walter in it , football legend annd all around awesome guy . 
  he is just a side character ( unfortunately ) , but for me , he alone made it a must watch . 
  the actor who plays him does a good job with the accent ( even if he does sound more badisch at times ) , usually people who have n't learned the dialect natively really struggle with it . 
  edit : i had to look it up to be sure : the `` actor '' playing walter , was n't even an actor but a football player , like most of the team in the movie . 
  i think only the guy playing rahn was actually an actor . 
  which makes the performance even more impressive . 
  i do n't think people who use such verbatim are the most creative or of keen intellect . 
  `` du bist saustark '' is what i would presume . 
  sow would have been more accurate than pig , but i guess the word is less well known . 
  i noticed a while ago that i have by far the most posts in this sub . 
  it 's always so civil and the discussions are usually interesting ( the odd troll asking about rapefugees aside ) . 
  also thank you to the mods , you are doing a good job here . 
  i had n't even noticed until you said it .
