  most of my father 's family lives there , so we visited them for christmas/new year very odd year and they came visiting us in the even years . 
  however the year 99/2000 was the last time i was there . 
  celebrating the turn of millenium at the copacabana was pretty awesome . 
  i have almost exclusively good impressions from the country , though the brazilian part of my family was upper middle class , so i never got exposed to the poverty in the streets . 
  * paraguay * : well this one is cheating . 
  my family visited paraguay on a day trip from southern brazil . 
  i was 2 years old and do n't remember anything , aside from lots of japanese people buying rice cookers and seeing an armadillo . 
  not sure , i can somewhat understand bavarians , probably because their dialect has a lot of media exposure . 
  something like frisian is completely alien to me , it sounds more like old english ( pre-norman conquest ) than anything close to modern german . 
  of course it also has very few speakers left , so you have to seek it out to hear it . 
  well i try to take everyone seriously , unless i get enough proof that i do n't need to . 
  which would be the case here , but i was n't sure after his initial post . 
  either way , i was just curious if he actually was trying to make a point , or if he was just here to spout some nationalistic drivel . 
  turns out it was the latter , great surprise . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  i think people fear that they would lose something if the eu became a federation . 
  they fear it so much , that they never stop to think about what we could gain ( and already have gained ) . 
  despite recent throwbacks like brexit and the whole conflict about the migrant crisis , i think we are on a good way . 
  young people are decisively more pro-european than older generations and if that trend continues we might see an european federation within our lifetimes . 
  that 's because nationality does n't matter in that case . 
  it 's just a matter of political conviction . 
  as far as i see it , the ultimate goal should be global unity , so we can finally start exploring the galaxy , but maybe i just watched too much star trek . 
  ok , i have a question . 
  how would you have responded to my post , if i did n't have a german flair ? 
  personally , i would welcome it . 
  but it is a long way until we get there ( if ever ) . 
  people are still very hung up on the idea of their nation states , especially if they had to fight to get them in the first place . 
  also the eu needs a ton of reforms , right now it is too influenced by financial interests , especially through lobbyists . 
  but if we ever do get there , i think it would solve a lot of europes problems . 
  in the long run we are just 28 ( or 27 ) small to medium sized states , that can never compete against giants like the us , china , russia , india and brazil . 
  the only reason we are relevant today is because we pooled our resources . 
  and i think it is necessary to continue that path to it 's logical conclusion , which would be a federal state . 
  it has to be process though , not a sudden change . 
  that would only be meet with even more resentment . 
  i disgraced my family by forgetting greenland !, 
  i must commit sudoku !, 
  no , i actually quite like canadians and mexicans . 
  and let 's not forget everyone in south america , the rest of mesoamerica and the caribbean . 
  oh and barbados . 
  did i forget anyone ? 
  in the name of the juncker , the tusk and the holy schulz . 
  amen . 
  [ the memorial church of protestation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ged%c3%a4chtniskirche_ ( speyer ) is 100 meters tall . 
  it edges out the catholic church build ( out of spite , no really ) on the other side of the road just by 10 meters . 
  it is also 30 meters taller than the more famous [ cathedral of speyer ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/speyer_cathedral ) . 
  fun fact : the term protestant comes from the [ protestation at speyer ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/protestation_at_speyer ) and the church was build in memory of that . 
  [ whatever this is ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dp9wp6qvbsk ), 
  i have the feeling a lot of neopagans make stuff up , no matter which mythology they follow . 
  atleast that was my experience with the few i 've met so far . 
  of course some of the rituals of old should n't be reproduced , especially anything that involves animal sacrifice . 
  yeah about that , the upper palatinate is named after the real palatinate on the rhine . 
  and the wittelsbach line ruling it was from palatinate too , so it is technically ours . 
  remove yourself from our holy land heretic and nobody shall be harmed !, 
  if you wish to stay , you 'll have to assimilate in our superior culture . 
  that means praying to the holy trinity of weck , worscht and woi . 
  also a once in a lifetime pilgrimage to the holiest of all mountains . 
  the betzenberg . 
  there you shall put a sacrifice of one bottle of wine in front of the altar of saint fritz walter . 
  of course you have to renounce fc bayern and lederhosen too , but i think that much is obvious . 
  our dialects are pretty similar , but they have some amusing false friends . 
  i recently found that out while talking to swabian friend . 
  for him a `` schoppe '' is a baby bottle . 
  for me it a is a weinschorle ( white wine mixed with sparkling water ) . 
  the best thing is , if a swabian family would enter a palatinatian restaurant , asking for a schoppe for their youngest , the waiters probably would n't bat an eye and just give that baby half a litre of wine . 
  our alcoholics start early . 
  i wonder if that is a common thing for languages to drop their genitive case after a while . 
  standart german still has it , but in colloquial speech it is starting to get dropped too . 
  there even was a [ book about that ( and other grammatical phenomena ) . ], 
  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/der_dativ_ist_dem_genitiv_sein_tod ) the book was often misused to critize people for speaking properly , but i think it just documents a natural change in language . 
  it 's interesting to think about that language in our time probably changes less than it used too , because now we have standart orthography and grammar , while back in the day people wrote as they spoke . 
  and when the speech changed so did the writing . 
  very interesting . 
  i will have to dive into that for a bit . 
  for german dialects , i found this : [ dialektkarte ] ( http://www.dialektkarte.de/ ) if you are interested in my dialect , look for frankfurt am main , then zoom in and go south towards mannheim . 
  zoom in a bit more and you should find mutterstadt . 
  the guy who recorded those sambles speaks the same variation i do . 
  warning for headphone users , he is really loud !, 
  ( probably did n't know how sensitive his mike was , my dialect does not have to be yelled like this ) . 
  i just noticed that guy is supposed to translate standart german sentences into his dialect , but a few he changes up to make more sense for our , let 's say mentality . 
  for example one sentence in standart german , advices a boy that he is too young to drink wine , but the guy translates it into , `` you might be too young for wine , but come on take a sip anyway . '', 
  i like it when dialects have different grammar when the standart language . 
  mine for example completely lacks the genetive . 
  so when you would say peter 's house like this in standart german : `` peters haus '' , you say it like this in my dialect : `` em peder sei haus '' , which would be dative . 
  the language of the oppressors !, 
  you may take my live , but you will never take my freedom !, 
  for those who do n't get it , the palatinate was under bavarian rule from 1816 to 1945 . 
  that might be it . 
  it looked different than the image , it was a little tin or plastic box if i remember correctly . 
  but it had a stamp in it too so i guess it is one . 
  i only have the fondest childhood memories of the region . 
  like wandering through dartmoor , trying to pet some ponies . 
  i also found some kind of loot-box . 
  i could n't read english back then , so i 'm not sure what it said , but it was later explained to me that they can be found all over the region and if you find 100 of them you get some sort of price ( joked to be a book on how to find another 100 boxes ) . 
  does that ring a bell to you ? 
  and if yes , do you know if they still do this . 
  the achievement hunter in me wants to finish what i 've started so many years ago . 
  let 's not speak of it , it was a silly time . 
  i might be wrong , but i often have the feeling that italian , spanish and german are the most splintered languages in terms of dialect variety . 
  with italian and german its of course easily explainable when you look at our history . 
  who needs central power , am i right ?
