  that phil harding video is really interesting both in terms of this thread and the actual content . 
  he really likes that dagger !, 
  west country english also maybe my favorite english accent/dialect . 
  on one hand , for my love of pirates and the other that friends of my family live there , so i associate it with my visits . 
  the countryside is beautiful over there . 
  the annoying thing is the presumption that nationality somehow runs in your blood . 
  let me explain it with a fictional dialog . 
  i will write it like i have seen it from some americans ( not all , but some ) . 
  me : hey you are serbian ? 
  i 'm totally serbian too !, 
  me : what ? 
  i ca n't speak that language . 
  sg : but you said you were serbian ? 
  me : yeah my grandfather came from serbia to germany , that means i 'm serbian . 
  sg : but you do n't speak our language . 
  have you ever been to serbia ? 
  me : no , but as i child i ate those super sweet balkan candies !, 
  sg : ... that is what annoys us . 
  my grandpa was serbian it 's true , but i do n't go around telling people that i 'm serbian , because i have no clue about the language and i have never been there . 
  i 'm german through and through , not 3/4 's and 1/4 serbian . 
  as far as i know montenegro has already taken a lot of the hurdles . 
  i think they might ascent in a couple of years . 
  depeninding on how brexit and the potential new referendum in scotland go , montenegro might be the next new member . 
  i ca n't speak for all of germany , but here in the south west , i think he is seen in a similar light to the french view . 
  yes he conquered us by force and in he burned down my home town but at the same time he brought us the code civil , which is often said to be spark that led eventually to the hambach festival . 
  which led in turn to more liberality and democracy . 
  you know i 've always wondered how austrians think of south-western germans . 
  usually you hear only about the slight affection towards bavarians and the dislike of anything north of bavaria aka . 
  `` prussians '' . 
  but here in the south west we are neither north of bavaria , nor do we share a lot of cultural traits with either prussians or bavarians . 
  so do we even exist in austria 's view of germany and if yes , what are the stereotypes associated with us ? 
  my entire family is german , but when we are on vacation together , people think my mom is spanish , my dad is french , my brother is turkish and i am greek . 
  so no , it 's often not discernible by looks alone . 
  a large part of my family lives in brazil , so i spent several vacations there when i was younger . 
  have n't been there in 16 years now though . 
  we had some members of the brazilian side over here too . 
  but aside from that i have no further connection to latin america . 
  i presume mexican food is too spicey for my weak stomach to handle anyway . 
  well yes and no . 
  on one hand , they have the right to protest and let their anger and frustration be heard . 
  on the other hand , they accept no way but their way . 
  that is the problem . 
  if you think migration is a problem , speak up . 
  if your solution is to kick all migrants out and let no new migrants come to your country , then your solution is not one applicable in a modern democracy . 
  now a lot of these people think `` migrants not kicked out = i 'm not being listend too '' ( or insert any other extremist demand ) . 
  that 's not true though . 
  they are heard , it 's just not acted upon . 
  or atleast it should n't be . 
  to me it appears that politics in general seem to have drifted to the extremes . 
  atleast in europe . 
  and the problem with these extremes is that i think they undermine democracies in a long run . 
  now do n't understand me wrong here . 
  everyone is entitled to have their opinion . 
  but today it seems that there are lot of people that think that anything that goes against their opinion is wrong and must be fought with words , or in some cases even violence . 
  they argue that in a democracy every opinion should count and they feel left alone by the politicians . 
  `` immigrants steal their jobs '' and `` big cooperations destroy their home economies '' . 
  now you can agree with such fears or not . 
  the problem is that some people think that they must be louder if they are ignored . 
  and if that does n't help they must make statements in other forms , like burning down asylum homes , cars of politicians or beating up migrants . 
  this is not what democracy should be about though . 
  you ca n't please everyone at every time . 
  long term benefits for most of the country should be priority . 
  that means you ca n't listen to every yelling protester on the street . 
  you have to filter out the sensible proposals and those rarely come from the political extremes . 
  so of course they feel like no one listens to them . 
  because they have no solutions . 
  just things they are angry about . 
  now the fault is n't only with those angry people on the streets . 
  it is also with our politicians and their failure to be transparent . 
  too many deals behind closed doors and politics that aimed to keep them in power instead of benefiting the society . 
  this environment bred the modern violent protesters . 
  of course such people always existed , but it seems we have more of them recently . 
  alaska maybe ? 
  honestly i have no idea . 
  the us likes to remake popular foreign films , rather than dubbing them , like they did with `` le grand blond avec une chaussure noire '' ( the tall blond man with one black shoe ) which became `` the man with one red shoe '' . 
  on top of that , i 'm not even sure how that dialog would work in english , considering that they have no direct equivalent of `` si/doch '' . 
  would it just be `` no !, 
  yes !, 
   you are now also allowed to use nein and doch if proper volume is observed . 
  especially if you are quoting french movies . 
  i hate the taste of beer and coffee . 
  people have questioned my `` germanness '' after i revealed this fact to them . 
  i just do n't like stuff that tastes bitter . 
  dark chocolate is about as bitter as it can get for me , everything beyond that ... yuck . 
  also the being serious and work oriented stuff . 
  honestly i 'm rather lazy . 
  i only work hard when i enjoy the work , which usually only happens when it 's a task i have given myself ( for example editing a video ) . 
  we do n't really talk too much about our former colonies . 
  we did n't have them very long and our impression on them was limited . 
  it 's pretty much considered one of the shameful chapters of our past . 
  i 'd say out of all of them namibia get 's the most attention , because of the herero and nama genocide . 
  in less depressing news , namibia is also the country that seems to make the most out of it 's german heritage ( i.e. 
  they are still native german speakers living there and they have a few german styled towns ) . 
  aside from that , most other former colonies seem to be influenced more by the states that took them after ww1 . 
  tsingtau in china , parts of new guinea and samoa also have a tiny bit of german influence left , but it 's mostly a tourist attraction thing . 
  i 'm quite happy the hohenzollern are gone . 
  now if we could bring back the salian dynasty , i would be totally on board with that . 
  eat dirt pope , we appoint our own bishops !, 
  the emperor is the true lord of all christians !, 
  april of 1111 best day of my life !!,
