  i do n't like reading subtitles through an entire movie . 
  if it 's a show , up to 45 minutes , then it 's okay . 
  so i usually watch a movie in a language i can understand , that means either english or german . 
  unlike most germans you find on reddit ( at least that what it feels like ) , i do n't hate german dubbing at all . 
  they do n't ruin the original in my opinion , instead they create something new . 
  sometimes even something better . 
  a good example are the bud spencer films . 
  of course a huge success in their native italy , but i doubt they would have been a success in germany without the dubbing provided by karlheinz brunnemann and rainer brandt . 
  even spencer himself acknowledged that the brilliant german dub was a large part of his success in general . 
  there are a lot more examples , like the british crime show `` the persuaders ! '', 
  it got canceled after one season , because no one in the uk gave a crap about it . 
  the german dubbed version `` die zwei '' is to this day beloved by many . 
  there are even movies that tanked because of bad performances that are at least in parts better in german because the voice actors did a good job . 
  i remember watching `` the last airbender '' ( the movie ) with a friend . 
  obviously a lot about was crap , but the performances were solid to good until we watched it again in the original version . 
  the english-speaking critics were right , it was awful . 
  we just never noticed it in the well acted german version . 
  sorry for the little rant there . 
  it just annoys me because usually all you see from germans on the english speaking part of the net , are complains about how awful all german dubs are . 
  i think that 's unfair to both the translators and the voice actors , as well as painting an unnecessary bad picture of the german voice acting industry . 
  nowadays i watch most american/british shows in english , for convenience but i really like checking out how scenes differ in the german dub whenever i catch something on tv . 
   i can definitely read luxembourgish , but have n't had much chance to hear it spoken . 
  it 's definitely easier to read than to understand in spoken form , but i can manage . 
  what 's funny about luxembourgers speaking german though is their accent . 
  it sounds like a perfect 50/50 split between a french and a dutch accent . 
  i wish i could mimic it . 
  i was there in the last week of the year in 2013 . 
  despite being cloudy , rainy and most museums being closed it was still a cool trip . 
  i 'll have to go back during summer some day . 
  the place is beautiful and filled to the brim with historical sights . 
  it 's also really easy to get around , the public transport was much better than in a lot of over countries i 've been too . 
  on top of that , the people were friendly and for a tourist hotspot , it was n't too expensive . 
  i liked it so much that i even consider retiring there , if i have enough money to do so at that point . 
  well that 's in roughly 4 decades , so it 's not like a concrete plan , just an idea . 
  i have been lurking on reddit for a while , but i only started posting more actively in last couple of days . 
  this is my first sas thread , i 'm so proud to be a part of this !, 
  til . 
  i thought it was the legal successor , not identical . 
  makes sense though , otherwise there probably would have been some leeway to claim that holocaust and the war crimes were part of the old state and not the new one . 
   are the german empire , third reich , weimar republic , federal republic of germany , german democratic republic and modern germany considered to have been separate states or are they considered the same country ? 
  i 'd say they are both , as confusing as that sounds . 
  legally they are all seperate entities of course . 
  but many of the people that were citizen of one were also citizen of the successor and they were still the same people , so it is kind of the same . 
  besides even the modern german federal republic still payed reparations for ww1 , so for something the german empire did way back then . 
   which do you feel is more culturally significant to modern germany : the holy roman empire or the prussian empire ? 
  both were significant for different reasons . 
  the hre was the first time most germans were unified under one banner . 
  it is often forgotten that the kingdom of germany was part of the hre and most emperors were kings of germany first , until the habsburg dynasty got rid of the need to be declared emperor by the pope . 
  on the other hand the hre developed very differently from france . 
  while the latter became centralized and gave more and more power to the monarch , the emperor , despite beeing technically higher in ranking than a king ( eat your heart out richard lionheart !, 
  ) , lost power to the regional lords . 
  the reason for this was the power of the vote . 
  while in france and most other kingdoms the successor of the king was his heir , in the hre you had to be confirmed by the electors first . 
  the electors were powerful nobels and clerics , that in return for their vote hoped to get favors and gifts . 
  eventually those electors were more powerful than the actual emperor and they could stall a new vote . 
  so in part the hre is the reason for the strong federalistic tendencies in germany , though not exclusively . 
  germans coming from tribal socities and the strong regional identities that can still be observed today also played part in this . 
  as did the desire not to give power to a central goverment anymore . 
  and this were prussia comes into play . 
  prussia started as a large , but weak principality within the hre under the name of brandenburg . 
  through clever politics , victories on the battlefield and sometimes straight up luck prussia became the second most powerful state in the german lands , just behind austria . 
  and from there they took over all other smaller states , forming a centralized country . 
  this was continued by the weimar republic and nazi germany . 
  seeing what this centralization lead to we went back to the federal system of the old days . 
  berlin however , the capital of prussia , remains capital of modern germany . 
  so the prussian legacy is not forgotten . 
   do germans consider germany 's history to begin with the emergence of the german nation or the emergence of the german culture ? 
  tough question to answer . 
  i can give you my personal opinion . 
  all we share with the germanic tribes of the old days are names . 
  and many of them were the founders of other european nations ( france , england , to a degree spain ) . 
  so i 'm not sure if they are the best starting point . 
  charlemagne is often cited , but he founded the frankish empire , not germany . 
  the frankish empire split in west francia ( france ) and east francia ( technically there was a third kingdom in the middle , but it got absorbed by the other two quickly ) . 
  when the karolingan line died in the east a saxon was voted king and then the nobles realized `` we ca n't call it east francia if the king is not a frank ! '' . 
  that is the birth of the kingdom of germany under henry the fowler . 
  so i think he might be the closest thing to the start of a german nation . 
  but in the end , that was still an umbrella term for the different german tribes , not so much an identity . 
  and when does german culture emerge ? 
  what even is german culture exactly ? 
  we have to define it first before we can determine when it starts . 
  sorry those are all very vague answers but i think it is the best i can give you . 
  well in germany history lessons vary from state to state and also get changed over time , but when i was in school ( until 6 years ago ) we talked about columbus and the discovery of the new world . 
  then it came up later when we talked about revolutions , so of course the american revolution was included . 
  and then it did n't appear until the monroe doctrine and the world wars . 
  and then it took center stage in our lessons about the cold war ( together with the ussr and the german division ) . 
  overall , like all school history it was pretty basic and rushed . 
  the only thing you talk about extensively in german history classes are the two world wars and all that comes with it ( from imperialism to holocaust ) . 
  i also study history at university now and courses about american history appear frequently . 
  i however only ever took one ( sorry , i 'm just more into antiquity ) , it was about the american west , so colorado and everything westward from it . 
  i admit i went in there for the lessons about the native cultures moreso than the rest . 
  but the course was basically a summary of the history and culture of the west , from the stone age to the bush jr. era . 
  we had to read james a. michener 's centennial for the course too . 
  it was an interesting read , again mostly the part about the indians . 
  yep , never had any bad run in with the police either . 
  always friendly , always trying to help . 
  not always very effective though . 
  when my bike was stolen they told me that my hometown is one of the centers of bike theft in the region and the chances of getting it back are very low . 
  i found it myself a week later , one wheel missing ( though i actually still had that , because that was there i locked it . 
  the thief took of the screwed the wheel off ) .
