  so you ca n't have a political career if you are the daughter/son of a priest ? 
  i 'm sorry , but i do n't follow that logic . 
  and so what if gauck was a priest , it did n't influence his speeches at all . 
  even his eulogy for the german wings plane crash was pretty neutral . 
  the cdu is not zentrum . 
  they are based on `` christian '' values , but they have no affiliation with either the catholic or the protestant church . 
  on top the cdu has muslim , jewish and atheist members . 
  there is absolutely nothing hypocritical about any of this . 
  the only breach of secularity is the church tax . 
  and i 'm in favour of abolishing that . 
  but aside from that , there is nothing wrong with being a priest or the offspring of one , as long as you do n't use your position to spread your relgion , something neither gauck nor merkel ever did ( do n't know about may , but i have n't heard anything suspicious ) . 
  nevermind then . 
  i understand where you are coming from , even if i do n't share the sentiment . 
  why is gauck being a priest a negative ? 
  and i say that as an irreligious guy . 
  you know , maybe i should become a clairvoyant too . 
  i predicted every single `` ja '' of that one guy . 
  i really do n't know how they can say that crap and keep a straight face . 
  we have those since the 90 's i think , maybe earlier . 
  they started out on rtl and its associated channels , but now they have their very own one too : astro tv . 
  still i would say , if anything it 's getting less . 
  or maybe it just seems that way too me , since i 'm not watching much tv anymore . 
  well let 's assume you are not a rando walking into a restaurant to talk politics with people . 
  let 's say you and i meet for a blind date . 
  while we are both disappointed that the online algorithm chose to humiliate us , we still get a conversation going , because we have nothing better to do anyway and we already paid for the food and parking . 
  in this case i can tell you that i 'm able to hold a conversation with far-left people . 
  i could n't do it with far-righters , but left wingers atleast use a fundamental logic that i understand and even in bits share . 
  i had a good friend in school , who was antifa and he talked politics the entire time . 
  we never fully agreed , but we also never had strong disagreements . 
  i think the worst experience with far-left ideology i 've had was with a self-proclaimed communist in the off-topic section of a pretty dead online game . 
  she totally dismissed any victims of communism , especially the million that died in china during the `` great leap forward '' . 
  i had read the books tombstone by yang jisheng and mao 's great famine by frank dik\u00f6tter just before and could n't let this slight . 
  what follows were several days of essay-posts arguing over stalinism , maoism and communism in general and whether the ends justify the means . 
  but yeah , usually i 'm willing to discuss , but i wont change my position . 
  i think moderation is important in everything you do . 
  too many religions , philosophies and ideologies are ruined by extremists . 
  just take it easy and respect others . 
  so that in mind , i would listen to your views , but i would probably argue against it in certain points . 
  as long as it stays civil , there should be no problem . 
  the 90 's man , either you love 'em or you hate 'em . 
   i used to be anti-eu , and slightly hostile towards germans ... 
  the power of love is a curious thing make a one man weep , make another man sing change a hawk to a little white dove more than a feeling that 's the power of love \u266b \u266b \u266b, 
  no , it was just a random number . 
  i do n't think we have a fixed number for something like that . 
  honestly , i do n't remember . 
  it was certainly popular with the kids who watched dragon ball , but it was also very quickly forgotten . 
  i could only find [ this site ] ( http://www.chartsurfer.de/artist/dragon-ball/das-geheimnis-der-dragon-balls-song_fgfun.html ) , which says it was on the charts in germany but no not top 10 . 
  edit : i should mention , what 's extra funny about your comment `` somebody should have explained to the music clip director that the seven dragon balls grant a wish '' is that the song says that the dragon balls grant wishes . 
  i guess that means that the director not only not watched the show , he also did n't listen to the lyrics . 
  the intro even got an entire [ music video ] ( https://youtu.be/jlrkcik0jns?t=20 ) , which had about as much to do with the dragon ball 's plot as dragon ball : evolution . 
  just kidding , it was n't nearly as bad as evolution . 
  x-men , spider-man and batman all had intros that hyped the crap out of me . 
  i did n't even like the x-men show all that much , but i still watched it for the intro . 
  our [ dragon ball intro ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6s1yupk77pa ) was very different though ( still amazing ! ), 
  if you liked thundercats and have n't checked it out , the remake series from 2011 is great . 
  the animation , the voice acting , the plot , what a fantastic show . 
  most populous country in africa . 
  lagos is the largest city , but i do n't think it 's the capital . 
  do n't know the name of that one though . 
  the nigerian national football team are the `` super eagels '' . 
  john obi mikel plays for them and , while i forgot the name of their keeper , he was one of my highlights in 2014 wc . 
  the guy just oozed charisma and everybody from referee to opposing team seemed to absolutely love him . 
  osayamen osawe is also nigerian , but i guess most here do n't know him . 
  he plays for the club i support . 
  x ) another thing that comes to mind , would be religious conflict . 
  most notably the boko haram and their cowardly abduction of school girls . 
  well yeah then there is the prince scam . 
  never got a mail though , so i have no firsthand experience . 
  i once got called by an indian guy pretending to work for microsoft though . 
  `` my name is richard walka . 
  dhere is a virus on you-a computa . '', 
  sure buddy , sure . 
  i guess that 's a philosophical difference between a germanist and a linguist . 
  the first thing you learn in linguistics is `` nothing is ever wrong , it 's just a variation '' . 
  well the sentence `` der dativ ist dem genitiv sein tod '' is technically not grammatically incorrect . 
  it 's just that we are used to the genetive as native speakers , so replacing it with a dative sounds wrong to us . 
  on the other hand there are german dialects that never used the genetive to beginn with ( mine included actually ) , so to speakers of those it does sound less odd or `` wrong '' . 
  so in other words , what sounds wrong to you , depends on your background and your perception of grammar , linguistically speaking there is no right or wrong . 
  also : hey skyve , you ca n't fool me with that username . 
  hon-forums are pretty dead ( deader than usual atleast ) , hu ? 
  because it fatigues them . 
  that 's also why they transform back when they are knocked out . 
  as i said , we 've done sometimes in the past . 
  a more recent example would be the physician ( 2013 ) which was a german-british production . 
  it had great actors ( sir ben kingsley among others ) , great sets , even some battle scenes . 
  overall the movie was n't perfect , but it was a step in the right direction . 
  unfortunately it only rougly doubled it 's budget , which in todays world means it barely made a profit . 
  still , i hope we get more of those in the future . 
  well if you insist . 
   want a p.m. with my thoughts when i watched the first episode ? 
  no , my brother has though and he really liked it . 
  but i 'm just not the guy for crime dramas . 
  bbc 's sherlock is the only one i ever liked . 
  and even there it 's because i enjoy cumberbatch and freeman so much and less for the material itself . 
  i 'm also going to say it right of the bat , i did n't like breaking bad , i thought it was boring . 
  [ dun dun duuuuuuuun ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cphnpqkpkc4 ) give me dragons , space battles and werewolfs and i 'm on board . 
  i also settle for historical stuff if it is pre-ww2 , because i 've seen enough goosestepping for a life time . 
  probably the way the us makes movies and tv shows . 
  now granted hollywood has entered the remake/sequel-era and does n't seem to want to leave it , but i still often rather watch american movies/shows than german ones . 
  that does n't mean germany , or other european countries do n't have good movies or shows , but their approach is often so limited to `` realistic '' material .
