  if you are going to make games in the future , please take a good look at thief 1 & 2 , if you have n't already . 
  there is much to be learned from them . 
  aside from that , i 'm glad pillars of eternity and other games are slowly bringing the black isle-style back . 
  now we need another gothic and another old school ( morrowind-esque ) es game and i 'm happy . 
  i admit i liked skyrim , but it was no morrowind . 
  ( also if you ever found your own game studio , please hire me . 
  i know nothing about coding , but i know quite a bit about game design and story telling in games ), 
  i 'm a simple man , i see people talking about gothic , i upvote . 
  such a shame jowood had to ruin the franchise . 
  but since they went bankrupt the rights are with piranha bytes again , as far as i know . 
  maybe we will get a new ( old school ) gothic someday . 
  i wanted to post a link to burn centers in slovenia but i could n't find one on google . 
  she was from bahia , maybe that explains it . 
  her boyfriend was italian , not sure where he came from exactly though . 
  i know the touchy thing is not the general rule for brazilians . 
  been there plenty times , half my family is brazilian . 
  since they are descendants of a german immigrant ( my grandfather ) they also are n't too big on the cheek kissing , atleast the men . 
  i was friends with a brazilian girl . 
  she was way too touchy . 
  everytime i said something that made her laugh her hand landed somewhere on my body , either the arm/shoulder if we were standing/walking or my knee if we were sitting . 
  now i personally do n't mind being touched by pretty women , but i knew she had a boyfriend so it always made me uncomfortable . 
  like how would i feel if my girl had her hands all over another dude ? 
  but then i met the guy and he was exactly as touchy ... 
  so i guess they were made for each other . 
  anyway , i 'm also not a fan of cheek kissing as greeting . 
  i always go in for the handshake , in order to avert it but i 've met enough brazilian/portuguese/french / italian people who wont have that . 
  they ignore the hand and go straight for the cheeks !, 
  let 's see , i was in poland , czechia , austria , italy , malta , switzerland , france , spain , luxembourg and the uk . 
  i liked all of them , but the czech republic , spain and malta were my favorites . 
  the week after this one , i will go to denmark for the first time . 
  see you monday the 12th , danes !, 
  germany : in general yes , but i do think lobbyists have too much influence . 
  especially the car lobby ( see the vw-scandal , germans get practically nothing ) and the weapon lobby ( by european standart we have rather lax gun laws , because they always throw a tantrum if tighter laws are suggested ) . 
  that said , there is one party which governs germany for almost 12 years now which i do not trust at all . 
  the csu , the cdu 's sister party . 
  i expect a party on federal level to do what is best for germany , or atleast try to do that . 
  the csu does not give me that feeling , they only ever look out what is best for bavaria . 
  i think that is an absolute disgrace . 
  no other federal state has this level of represantion in the government . 
  in my opinion either give all states this right ( which would be a mess ) or none . 
  as it stands the csu has used a lot of their influence to benefit bavaria alone and this must not be allowed any longer . 
   would it be led by holy empress merkel ? 
  impossible , she is protestant . 
  the holy roman emperor is functionally the highest authority of the catholic church and thus must be catholic . 
  ( and do n't tell me anything about the pope being higher up , those are lies spread by gregory vii . 
  the czechs being atheist would n't be a problem though . 
  germany has a large non-religious population too and in the end , we all know the hrr is about politics , religion is just our justification to invade some heathen territory . 
  back when i was in school my schoolmates called it `` megges '' . 
  not sure how wide spread that is and if people still do that . 
  googling megges brings up mcdonalds , so it seems to be somewhat common . 
  it 's the place where dreams go to die . 
  wwi too . 
  but back then people aimed bigger and tried the league of nations . 
  we all know how that ended . 
  still pan-european sentiments date back atleast to the time after the great war . 
  [ how dare you not mention the shining beacon of architecture and history in the south west ? 
  a friend of mine moved there for university . 
  he actually lives in one of the somewhat nicer parts , yet still , last time i visited him we saw a guy through some brushes while walking up the street to his apartment . 
  he was squatting and making those sounds you make when ... you know . 
  when he saw us he ran away , but he left us a little surprise . 
  yeah ... 
  it does n't look like i 've missed much though . 
  ca n't comment on ugly countries . 
  all the ones i 've seen were visually pleasing . 
  ugliest city on the other hand : berlin . 
  oh how i hate that wretched place . 
  first time i went there the entire city smelled like feces . 
  they had a flood that led to problems with the sewage system . 
  everywhere i went that foul stench . 
  also the people are dicks . 
  i mean that is true for every larger city , but in berlin they think they are charming for doing that . 
  and the building all look like they will fall apart at any moment . 
  it has some nice parts , i have to admit . 
  i personally love the pergamon-museum and the area around the brandenburg-gate and the reichstag are pretty cool too . 
  aside from that a few smaller ugly cities i 've been too : ludwigshafen , where they shit on the streets ( not dogs , people ... ) and the air smells like chemicals ( basf sits there ) . 
  frankfurt , one of the few places in germany you 'll get to see us-levels of street crime . 
  well not quite , but it 's pretty bad in comparison . 
  has some places though . 
  it 's kind of ironic . 
  you would think the rise of the internet would make it easier to check the facts , but instead it just became easier to spread misinformation . 
  those are all old problems though . 
  even in ancient athens and rome people would blatantly spread false information to gain followers . 
  it 's an inherit flaw in the democratic system that we will always have to deal with . 
  as churchill said : `` democracy is the worst form of government on earth except for all the rest '' . 
  no/maybe if the rights person comes along . 
  currently 25 male . 
  definitely want to have kids some day . 
  but only with the right woman . 
  so i would have to know her for a few years , to be sure . 
  i 'm just not very good at that whole finding a girlfriend-thing . 
  everytime i found someone , we lived so far apart that the physical distance killed the relationship . 
  for me it started in 2009 . 
  well okay , i predominantly read english articles and watched english videos before that . 
  but i noticed my english comprehension vastly improved through that , to the point where i chose english as the subject of my final oral exam in school . 
  still , reading in listening was one thing , stringing sentences together yourself another . 
  so i made an account in an english-speaking gaming forum to practice my written english ( even though the exam was oral ... 
  i mean it worked , so ... ) . 
  i realized i usually got news on games much earlier there , because they did n't have to be translated first , so i stuck there even after i was done with my exam ( and school for that matter ) . 
  never went back to the german speaking part , aside from reddits own / de . 
  old rule of thumb : when in doubt do something with hitler .
