  incoming guillotines ? 
  first sorry for answering so late , i 'm currently traveling and rarely have internet . 
  it was sparta 's peloponnesian league vs. athens ' delian league . 
  two of sparta 's allies fought a war against each other and athens stepped in and allied with one of them , which in turn called sparta to action . 
  that 's how the war started in a nutshell . 
  just a minor correction : the alliance led by athens was created to ward off the persian threat ( even though there was none post xerxes ) and sparta created their own league to stop athens ' growth in power . 
  mostly because the athenians used their alliance to aggressively conquer territory . 
  well she was the wife of a former chancellor after all . 
  oh guy , you always know what to say to make me feel euphoric . 
  no doubt he was more italian , he was born and raised there and spent most of his reign there too . 
  does n't mean he hated germany , he just was n't that interested in the country . 
  you could argue that this weakend the empire , that he basically led the german lords do whatever they wanted as long as they kept out of italy . 
  but i think the erosion of the emperor 's power was already in progress since the ottonian dynasty and frederick simply did nothing to stop it . 
  germans are very federalistic , it 's a tendency that runs like a red line through our history . 
  i would n't blame one emperor for not working against that tendency . 
   so i would say he was impactful , but not great . 
  i stand by my way of phrasing it . 
  you could theoretically , but in practice few people would do that , for obvious reasons . 
  on top , was he really * great * ? 
  he did n't command the armies himself and also he left germany and europe in utter ruins . 
  the economic recovery was n't really his work either , germany was already on it 's way back up before he took office and his wartime economy actually put the country into a downward spiral again . 
  so i would say he was impactful , but not great . 
  non-monarch : bismarck . 
  no doubt . 
  if it has to be a monarch , maybe charlemagne if you count him as german . 
  my personal preference is frederick ii . 
  of hohenstaufen , as explained in my other posts here . 
  okay , so let 's set some rules for this , before we argue ourself dizzy . 
  the ruler has to be : 1 . a monarch , so no politicians or statemen 2 . a monarch who ruled over most of the territory or the predecessor state 3 . has to be famous both inside and outside of the country . 
  so obvious choices like bismarck , adenauer or hitler are ruled out by nr . 
  of prussia was a monarch , but just of prussia , which while one of the predecessors of the later german empire , was just starting to become a european power at that point . 
  in other words prussia was still just one of many german states within the hre , so he is hardly relevant for all of germany . 
  by the power of rule nr . 
  2 the old fritz is out . 
  this leaves us with the emperors of the holy roman empire or the hohenzollern of the german empire . 
  at this point it 's personal preference . 
  i would say the most famous is wilhelm ii. , but if you want to include the frankish empire you also get charlemagne , who might be even more famous than `` willy the hun '' . 
  personally , as explained in my other post in this topic , i 'd go with frederick ii of hohenstaufen , because he is the most interesting personality , but unfortunately not that famous . 
  yes , but that 's not important to the claim . 
  he is not seen as the * greatest * german ruler . 
   frederick the great is considered the greatest german ruler . 
  no need to fix what is n't wrong . 
  ask a german person . 
  source : am german person . 
  you are right . 
  i guess i 'm just salty about barbarossa being more well known than his grandson . 
  especially since the only the reason for this is that barbarossa was an easier sell for liberal nationalists . 
  what i mean by that is , the early nationalist movement , that wanted a german state after the hre dissolved , needed a historical figure as rally point . 
  in early works you can see charlemagne and frederick ii . 
  ( the staufer ) as these mascots of the movement . 
  but eventually german nationalism was also founded on francophobia ( not a surprise after napoleon ) and charlemagne was seen as too `` french '' ( if that even makes sense is another topic ) and frederick ii . 
  as too anti-christian ( one of his nicknames was literally `` anti-christ '' ) and also too foreign ( he was born in italy and spoke better arabic than german ) . 
  so they settled on barbarossa , not because he did anything particularly great , but because he was essentially just german . 
  no frenchness or weird ( alleged ) experiments with infants . 
  from there on the story wrote itself . 
  a national myth was born out of a guy who really was not that remarkable . 
  not that barbarossa was a bad monarch , he just was n't great either . 
  just average . 
  and in a weird twist , being average made him famous . 
  not sure about wilhelm ii . 
  while he was important , he was a relative weak leader and if we are honest , unfit to rule . 
  the rest of the map depicts monarchs which either founded their empires or conquered vast territories . 
  while territories were conquered under his rule , it was n't really under his command ( unlike napoleon for example ) and also in the end germany lost more than it gained . 
  barbarossa is another one i would not pick . 
  because he did n't really do all that much . 
  he may be one of the most overestimated emperors the hre ever had . 
  i mean almost all of his years as a monarch were spent squelching rebellions against his rule . 
  his grand power struggle with henry the lion was not as grand as many people believe and he died from taking a bath in a river . 
  nothing that screams role model monarch to me . 
  that 's why i chose his grandson frederick ii . 
  over him . 
  frederick was smart , intellectual , a great diplomat and one of the few scholar kings we had . 
  he succeded in taking jerusalem without bloodshed , was the author of nature books and had a pet elephant . 
  it 's true look it up , he had his own pet elephant . 
  otto i. could have been chosen too . 
  he conquered a lot of territory and made the hre what it was for several hundred years , the dominating power on the continent and equal to the byzantine empire . 
  i still personally think frederick ii . 
  is the cooler personality . 
  also , unlike otto , he had a pet elephant . 
  did i mention that yet ? 
  i think their would have been better options for germany . 
  frederick the great might live up to his name , but he was only king of prussia . 
  a holy roman emperor would have been more fitting , especially since there were many great ones . 
  for example another frederick ii. , the hohenstaufer , not hohenzoller . 
   i was n't under the assumption that the german finance minister was standing there with a fucking sign saying `` refugees welcome '' i can assure you , he was n't * standing * there . 
  mario is also american citizen and his native language is german . 
  he might be overshadowed by carlo , but his life is also pretty interesting . 
  it 's so weird listening to it without [ the voices i grew up with . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9pvsh3v_9qg ), 
   decent bread (  :3 ) fight me irl, 
   surprisingly , i ca n't get the names of the germans , do n't ask me why , i do n't know . 
  it is true , we from rheinland pfalz are openhearted justice seekers . 
  also smart , handsome and charming like the character . 
  do n't go anywhere else in germany , only come to us and see how smart and handsome we are . 
  none , my parents did n't believe in scaring me straight . 
  that said there is knecht ruprecht , an evil spirit who takes bad children away . 
  he is associated with saint nicholas and is a more human version of krampus . 
  also there was a childrens ' game about a `` black man '' that would come an get you . 
  i guess it was supposed to be a man dressed in black or some kind of shadowey figure , not a person of color . 
  funny you should ask , i just arrived in number 17 today .
