  and also that the pharaoh was so cheap he just send him silver that looked like gold ... and the fact that the king melted it down just to check . 
  so many levels of hilarious interaction . 
  it 's fascinating to think about that something like the code of hammurabi ( ~ 1754 bc ) is still partly the basis for our modern laws . 
  and that is n't even the oldest legal code , just the most well known of the time . 
  well they had the bond of akkadian , which was a semitic language spoken by most of them . 
  the lingua franca of the time and region , until it was replaced by aramaic , which is also a semitic language . 
  much later greek also entered the fray and then eventually arabic . 
  compare this too europe , where only latin and maybe french and english ( arguably german and russian in more limited areas too ) achieved that status, 
  why limit yourself to european history ? 
  [ time to learn about ancient mesopotamia !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9gqdh2egp-y ) ( real talk : this is a really good video series , if you are interested in ancient civilizations ), 
  antiquity for me too op . 
  not sure which period there exactly , they are all so lovely . 
  if i really had to choose though , i would go as far back as the bronze age . 
  that sort of stuff . 
  i think it is incredibly fascinating how old yet advanced these civilizations are . 
  calling bud spencer and terrence hill movies trash , the audacity !, 
  they are heaven 's last gift to mankind !, 
  as such they should be treated as sacred relics , not labeled as waste !, 
  you better watch `` zwei missionare '' ( porgi l\u2019altra guancia ) to wash away your sins . 
   also , ever since the british version of the office aired , the ` mockumentary ' , or fake documentary-style of comedy has become fairly common . 
  have you ever seen stromberg ? 
  it 's sort of a german remake of the office , but the humor and style is very different . 
  they share the setting and being a mockumentary , but stromberg has a bit more realistic characters and even darker humor . 
  atleast i thought david brent , while awkward , is still supposed to be a sympathetic character . 
  stromberg on the other hand is a total scumbag . 
  ok , he has a few rare moments of humanity , like stopping a coworkers suicude attempt . 
  but for almost the entire run of the show , you cheer for every misfortune he has to endure , because you know that he does n't deserve any better . 
  eu ** bro ** peans , was that on purpose or a typo ? 
  i like it !, 
  i 'm not a big tatort fan to beginn with , i do n't like crime as a genre in general . 
  but i also watched the first episode . 
  i give them a solid [ `` you tried '' ] ( https://cdn.meme.am/cache/instances/folder417/500x/54742417/spongebob-at-least-you-tried.jpg ) . 
  the guy has the charisma of roadkill . 
  joyeux no\u00ebl was a great movie , with a great cast . 
  i like those movies that play with languages too . 
  unfortunately they often destroy this in the german dub , making everyone speak german . 
  so a lot of scenes make no sense anymore . 
  and i say that as someone who normally defends german dubbing , because most of it is great . 
  they are just dropping the ball on multilanguage films . 
  hey we also have till schweiger action tatort ... 
  i think i threw up a little in my mouth . 
  oh wow that trailer for frantz was clich\u00e9 overload . 
  not that this is necessarily bad , as long as the clich\u00e9s are used well . 
  interestingly enough , my grandma told me once that one of her school friends married a french soldier after ww1 , despite her family being very against it . 
  i would n't have minded getting sandwiched by those two . 
  no homo . 
  ah i thought it was a joke on the quality of modern italian cinema . 
  but yeah i would agree 60 's and 70 's movies from italy were the [ best ] ( http://i.imgur.com/fmkwkbj.png ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure that is the example of a genre when you look it up in a dictionary . 
  has italian cinema gone down hill too ? 
   ugh , i feel so sad at the direction our cinema has gone . 
  i know that feel . 
  what i remember most about czech film are those fairy tale movies , that are still shown often on german kid 's programms . 
  are they a big deal in your country too , or is one of these [ germans love dacid hasselhoff situations . 
  ] ( http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/main/germanslovedavidhasselhoff ), 
   that in all the romanian movies someone must eat a ciorba ( soup ) . 
  well is it good atleast ? 
  do the actors fight over who has to eat it , or who is allowed to eat it ? 
  i thought we were the only ones into schei\u00dfeporn ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  well if it makes you feel better , german romantic comedies also make me feel dead inside . 
  and they do n't even try to do that . 
  utlity room in the basement . 
  it is a pretty neat thing . 
  i was really bummed when i called them , after not get an answer to my application , only to hear that it never arrived at their office . 
  i applied again the next year , this time you could do it online ( the technology was finally there ! ), 
  but i still did n't get a spot . 
  a lot of people wanted to do it , even after conscription was abolished . 
  i think your best bet is facebook in that case . 
  while i do n't use it and actually most of my friends neither , it 's still by far the largest social media platform here . 
  not on my own , i would say , since i do n't use twitter . 
  it 's more likely i find your game through steam , reddit or some gaming related news site . 
  from that point on , i would most likely know that you have twitter , but i still would n't look at it much , unless there is a reason . 
  so for example i already play your game and i know there will be a big update soon . 
  but then again , i 'm more likely to get my information second-hand than looking it up on twitter myself . 
  i guess , but it 's still not as big as in other countries . 
  for the second question : no , atleast not to my knowledge . 
  i have exactly one friend who uses it . 
  the rest ( me included ) only looks at it to get information from game developers ( server downtimes etc ) . 
  we had it until 2011 and it was male only . 
  i had to go to the medical check-up in 2009 . 
  thankfully i was unfit for military service . 
  if you were deemed fit you either had to do basic training for 1 year or civil service ( like working in a retirement home ) for the duration . 
  if you were n't fit for service you had to do neither . 
  in 2010 they also introduced the cultural year , which you could also do instead of training or civil service . 
  basically you would work in a museum or something like that for a year . 
  i actually wanted to do that voluntary but the mail service lost my application ( yes , it was 2010 and you could not do it online , it had to be by mail ) . 
  anyway i 'm against mandatory conscription outside of an actual defense war . 
  if people want to do it , they can apply for it , but do n't drag people in against their wishes ( iirc more people dodged the draft than joined the forces anyway , so it was n't even the popular thing to do ) . 
  the `` o '' sound is something i immediately think of when i hear english . 
  my thoughts on the different accents : british ( or english ) english seems to come from deep down , a bit bellowing ( sorry i suck at describing what i mean ) . 
  american english is flatter and more whiney . 
  scottish and irish english seem to be pressed out very forcefully , but in different ways . 
  scottish goes to the top and irish goes down . 
  ( does anything i write make any sense whatsoever ? ), 
  australian english is a weird mix of english english and irish english . 
  it comes from deep down , is forced out to the bottom . 
  ( i swear i 'm not high or drunk ) . 
  the greek ares was also associated with pestilence ( that 's what usually brought down a besieged polis ) , but his roman counterpart mars was not . 
  learn some mythology trivia every day .
