  i see , you have never watched stromberg then . 
  stromberg  any other variant of the office . 
  [ yes , yes you could say that . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysaqtdc-y2g ) my hometown also has a [ week long festival ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/speyer_brezelfest ) dedicated to pretzels . 
  pretty much everything . 
  in other words , i do n't feel like i have to be reminded that i 'm european , just as much as i do n't have to be reminded that i 'm male . 
  it 's just the way it is . 
  but i guess you are asking for positive reactions to european symbolism ? 
  like how i get that slight tingle in my neck when hearing the ode to joy . 
  i mean it might be because it 's really good music , but i think the prospect of peace and prosperity in our life time also plays part in the sensation . 
   in sports players are expected to sing the national anthem when it 's played in international events . 
  one soccer player named karim benzema refused to do so for some reason , and some people were angry at him for that reason . 
  interesting . 
  in germany that 's not the case and many players , especially in our national football team do not sing the anthem . 
  of course there are a lot of people that complain about that , but for the most part that was more venting the frustration of choking just short of the title . 
  for example some people claimed that we lost to italy in the semi-finals of the euro 2012 because their players all sang the their anthem with enthusiasm , while most of ours half-assed it at best . 
  the argument was quickly invalidated by italy losing to spain , whose players ' do n't sing their anthem at all ( as it has no lyrics ) . 
  since we 've won the world cup in 2014 such arguments pretty much vanished , proving it to be more about our success , than patriotism . 
  there is a fellow student at my university , he is from albania . 
  through him i know a lot about the country , for the simple reason that he somehow managed to make all his presentations about albania . 
  even if the topic of course has nothing to do with it . 
  first course was about the ottomans , so he had a presentation about skanderbeg . 
  okay makes sense . 
  the following semester we both had a class on etruscans and greeks in italy . 
  his presentation was about pyrrhos and he rambled on about pyrrhos being raised in illyria and thus being culturally albanian . 
  the lecturer had to step in and remind him to go back on topic . 
  and then in a course about the soviet union after the ww2 , he somehow strayed from his topic of building the warsaw pact to talking about bunkers in albania . 
  and from what i have heard he did something like that in every single course he took . 
  that guy seriously liked to talk about albania . 
  albania , albania ... well it is fun to say . 
  i would be french then . 
  huh ... 
  i ca n't speak their language at all . 
  trust me , my french ex tried to teach me . 
  it was an utter disaster . 
  however i can understand the dialect of the alsace and i know from experience they can kinda understand my dialect , so i 'd say alsace secedes from france together with us and we build our own state with blackjack and hookers . 
   g\u00fcnther oettinger / thread ^ ^ at ^ ^ least ^ ^ from ^ ^ the ^ ^ german ^ ^ perspective, 
  currently playing pokemon sun . 
  recently also played brothers : a tale of two sons , hearthstone , skyrim special edition and elder scrolls : legends . 
  evergreens : guild wars 2 and heroes of storm . 
  oh and with one friend i sometimes fire up heroes of newerth for old times sake . 
  prospects for the future : i might buy the nintendo switch because i 'm a huge zelda fan and never missed a home console game release of the series . 
  breath of the wild looks fantastic so far and the switch in general looks pretty exciting . 
  the downside is the price . 
  through pc gaming , i 'm not used to spending more than 20 $ for a game anymore . 
  maybe i wait a bit before getting the console . 
  in october , there was a thread by an american asking if europeans know candy corn . 
  one of the answers `` only from guild wars '' . 
  a discussion about inventory size in the games ensued . 
  i love this subreddit . 
  but we are already returning . 
  just not on chains , but in socks and sandals . 
  you decide which is worse . 
  i noticed , that 's why i exaggerated too . 
   still louie i and maxel are more popular than louie the sequel over here . 
  atleast among people who care about regional history . 
  well ludwig i is probably seen the best of the bavarian kings over here in the palatinate . 
  mostly because he spent a lot of money on its infrastructure and some nice monuments like the villa ludwigsh\u00f6he . 
  his son maximilian ii was also pretty swell and gave us money too . 
  and then there is ludwig ii ... that monster !, 
  he did n't give us any money , instead he focused on building castles in bavaria . 
  can you believe it ? 
  i hope there is a special place in hell for people like him !, 
  people who spent money on the wrong parts of their property . 
  / u/tonygaze this one might be for your list too . 
  and to answer your question op , if it was n't an attempt at trolling . 
  not very common , a fringe ideology held by extremists at most . 
  yeah one of them called me once too . 
  it was my day-off too and he called at 8 a.m. when i wanted to sleep in !, 
  `` hello dis is richard walka kolling from maikrosoft ... '' `` you sure sound indian for a guy named richard walker . '', 
  too bad i was still half a sleep so i just told him that i ca n't understand a word he says and that he should n't bother to call again . 
  in hindsight i could have had some fun with it . 
  not sure if pride is the right word , but i like the regionalism in germany . 
  the fact that we are very decentralized compared to other countries , especially our neighbour france . 
  and more importantly that we work actively to preserve dialects and regional traditions . 
  of course this is done in many other countries too , but i think we are doing a pretty good job with it . 
  furthermore i would say our contribution to science , literature and art . 
  oh and philosphy . 
  my go to strategy is just talking really fast and hoping nobody noticed i said `` twelf '' instead . 
  of course i mostly hang around with baboons and that is how we mark our territory ( among other things , like flashing our wonderfully colored behinds !, 
  noted , i will spit on ground right in front of the person before i start to pronounce anything next time . 
  i hate when i have to count things in english , because i dread words such as `` ninth '' or `` twelfth '' . 
  how do you even say those , without spitting someone in the face by accident ? 
  they are all jealous of our superior yuropean healthcare , welfare , laws , products , culture , relevant sports , good looks and most importantly the eurovision song contest . 
  so they try to annoy us in order to make themselves feel better . 
  too bad i ca n't hear them over the sound of [ yurope intensifying . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lj733tjucq4 ), 
  my entire family apparently does not look german at all , so we get mistaken for other nationalities all the time . 
  my father is usually thought to be a frenchman , or when he speaks english , an englishman , since he has a near perfect english accent ( and yes even british people thought he was english , his accent is that good ) . 
  my mother is mistaken as a spainard or portuguese . 
  she admittedly does look like a stereotypical iberian . 
  she is n't though , she is half serbian . 
  my brother is often thought to be turkish and i myself was mistaken for a greek or italian several times . 
  again , probably due to the dark hair we inherited . 
  none of us was ever offended by that though . 
  in fact i think it 's quite amusing and i 'm weirdly proud of the fact that my nationality can not be easily guessed by looking at me . 
  i think the majority of his audience is a lot younger than we are . 
  that would also explain the mostly child friendly humor . 
  either way , i do n't mind it . 
  i never expected a university lecture , just a guy explaining the world by making weird analogies .
