  and while i love all animals , i really do n't want to find an overabundance of their hair in my already barely edible breakfast . 
  fortunately i had some granola bars with me , which i rationed over the week . 
  of course the whole class also avoided every meal they could by grabbing some fast food in konstanz . 
  eating that for a week was probably still healthier than whatever those hillbillies cooked up in their kitchen of doom ... and fur . 
  i do n't remember the name of the town , but it was in switzerland just across the border from konstanz . 
  we were there on a school trip in a shady youth hostel . 
  we had 8 guys sleeping in one room ( and i was in the smaller room , the other one had 12 guys ) , so it extremely hot and muggy soon but you could n't really open the windows either because we were right next to the lake and there were mosquitoes everywhere . 
  in the first night we opted to keep the door open , but it only took half an hour for an angry swiss lady to arrive , telling us that our door has to be shut over night . 
  so sleeping was already a pain , but the food was even worse . 
  it tasted like a cheap imitation of a cheap imitation of food . 
  and there was cat hair in it . 
  lots of cat hair . 
  on top of that there was one bathroom with showers on the floor and my classmates thought it was funny to pry open the cabin door while i was showering . 
  so i was sexually harassed too . 
  my ( female ) teacher told me that i should n't think about it , it 's just what boys do . 
  i 'm sure if i was a girl she would 've flipped , but hey just a guy getting harassed in the shower , whatever . 
  this trip was one of the worst experiences of my life . 
  there are also dialects that differ greatly from standard german in grammar . 
  mine for example does not use the genitive at all . 
  speaking of which , the genitive is also really used in colloquial speech in general . 
  it 's usually substituted with the dative . 
  so instead of `` dessen auto '' many people say `` dem sein auto '' . 
  as a little side note op . 
  it 's technically not incorrect grammar , it 's just a variation that people use . 
  there is no incorrect way of speaking , just different ways . 
  in my hometown you park on dedicated parking spots between sidewalk and street , if there are some . 
  if not , you park on the sidewalk . 
  since we do n't have a lot of those parking spots ( it 's a very old town , with narrow streets ) the vast majority of the vehicles are parked on the sidewalk . 
  i 've never ever seen anyone get into trouble for that , myself included . 
  it 's german engineering !, 
  so of course i have to wait for spare parts ... also i still have to fill out this from in the privatpanzerinstandhaltungsvertrag . 
  but in 7 to 8 months i will knock some sense in you guys , just you wait !, 
  that 's like saying you eat an apple just for the peel . 
  it appears insanity has taken hold of france . 
  but do n't worry , we will make this right again . 
  now let me just find the keys to my panzer . 
  [ i 'll take the seat right next to you , if you do n't mind . 
  as others have said , the groups usually ask the owners for permission . 
  i went larping a few years ago and we were on the training ground of a bundeswehr tank brigade . 
  sometimes the tanks would waltz through right next ( of course at a safe distance ) to a bunch of nerds beating the crap out of each other with styrofoam weapons . 
  i worked in a museum last year and i reorganizing some exhibits with my boss when an elderly asian couple took pictures of us . 
  they were probably more interested in the objects we carried , but they could have just waited until we placed them , yet for some reason they wanted pics of us carrying them around . 
  true , but keep in mind that the eu has broken apart in op 's theoretical situation , so one has to wonder how interconnected the nations of europe would still be . 
  become ? 
  political satire is probably as old as politics are . 
  even the ancient greeks had them , like much of the writing of aristophanes . 
  germany has a very strong tradition of political satire too , in the form of kabarett ( cabaret ) . 
  as the name suggests , we copied it from the french . 
  some of our longest running tv shows were/are political satire like `` scheibenwischer '' ( = windshield wipers ) , `` neues aus der anstalt '' ( = news from the mental institution ) and heute show ( our version of the daily show ) . 
  now for `` memes '' , well we have merkel as `` mutti '' . 
  mutti is and old way of saying mom . 
  it 's still used , but my generation would probably rather say `` mama '' . 
  it 's basically a sarcastic way of calling her `` mother of the nation '' , though it is n't too mean spirited . 
  imagine a friend advices you not to do something and you call him `` dad '' sarcastically . 
  another one that comes to mind is calling horst seehofer , the minister president of bavaria `` k\u00f6nig horst '' ( king horst ) . 
  it 's both likens him to king ludwig ii of bavaria , who was just slightly mad , but also is a jab at his party , the csu , ruling bavaria like a one party state since pretty much forever ( i think they had a coalition just once in the last 70 years !, 
  correct me if i 'm misremebering here ) . 
  technically they said the same thing before wwi . 
  back then economists said that the european economies were way too interconnected for a war between them . 
  did n't stop them though . 
  does n't mean i think we will see any kind of conflict in europe , unless several countries become autocratic dictorships . 
  democracies usually do n't go to war with another . 
  eh , it 's a double edged sword thing . 
  we ( palatinate ) like that he brought us the code civil and broke the rule of the bishops , but we hate him for destroying our countryside , torching our towns and cities , using our cathedral as a pigpen and splitting our duchy in two and giving half of it to those yellow toed imbeciles . 
  and after all was over we did not only stay with half of our territory , but the freaking bavarians took over . 
  dark times . 
  overall the negatives outway the positives . 
  berlin . 
  i 've been to that garbage dumb of a city enough times to know i would never survive more than a month . 
  i already dislike large cities ( anything up to 500k people is okay ) , but berlin smells like crap , looks like crap and is filled with stuck up douchbags who think their crappy attitude is charming . 
  it has some nice tourists sights , but that is just a reason to visit , not to stay . 
  also god damn hipsters everywhere . 
  inb4 the `` ach berlin '' - copy pasta is posted . 
  have you ever tried gummy bears ? 
  maybe it works with them too . 
  a polish friend told me that poles only date when the blood moon is rising and three bears have been tamed by their most famous beastmaster , while the pope gave his blessing to reestablish gladitorial combat . 
  i think it 's true because he said it with conviction . 
  i do n't have any family there that i know off , though considering my family has lived in the palatinate for atleast two centuries , it 's actually likely that at some point some members of my family made the trip . 
  the region was one of the prime sources of migrants to the new world after all . 
  i however do know of close relatives in brazil , offspring of my paternal grandfather , who later returned to germany , leaving his brazilian family behind ( not that he wanted to ) . 
  not sure if it is common to have family overseas , but you do n't have to try too hard to find someone who does . 
  oh i see , moderator of t_d . 
  well this will get nowhere . 
  have a nice day . 
  if you do n't like politicians being called out for their scummy behaviour , do n't enter a thread that asks for examples of scumbag politicians . 
  what is ... oh you mean weck !, 
  in germany you do n't even have to look at other countries to find different food with the same name . 
  a pfannkuchen for example can be , depending on where you ask for one , a pancake or a doughnut . 
  worrying about german people does n't make her a bigot . 
  posting '' [ memes ] ( https://www.contra-magazin.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/02/steinbach-twitter.jpg ) '' like this does . 
  and claiming to care about the right of displaced people , but only doing so if they have the same skin color as herself makes her a hypocrite . 
  and not knowing what national-socialism is , but pretending to do so , makes her an idiot . 
  leaving out afd and npd members , because that would be too easy . 
  so my vote goes to erika steinbach . 
  she used to be a cdu member until recently , but quit over the policies towards refugees . 
  now this woman , who was also until a few years head of the `` federation of expellees '' ( a group which fights for the rights of those germans who lost their homes after wwii ) should really know what it means to loose once home . 
  but , oh wonder , she is absolutely against taking refugees . 
  i really hope the irony is not lost on her . 
  she is also known for many many many racist remarks and tweets . 
  and she thinks that the nsdap was a leftwing party .
