  yep , it took me reading it out loud to get it . 
  [ basically all of this . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/q4ydyo7 ) btw translating english literally into german and vice versa is 90 % of the humor on r/de . 
  they are well preserved and often allow a glimpse into the past that usual corpses do n't . 
  i think through them we know what diet ancient peoples consumed and what clothes they wore . 
  never seen one myself though . 
  not in person that is . 
  well i would be careful with `` chinese '' , there are several chinese languages and not all of them are actually that closely related . 
  it 's just that mandarin became the dominant language , for historical reasons . 
  i would assume europe would look similar today if the roman empire never fell , with some form of latin being the dominant language . 
  i mean it already kind of is , with the romance languages , but even more pronounced . 
  i think the late migration period and the middle ages lacking a truly dominant super power in europe really shaped the continant linguistically . 
  now japan is pretty much the opposite . 
  they did have different languages in the very beginning ( bronze age ) but eventually yamato took control over large parts of the archipelago and they also came in contact with china . 
  adopting the chinese writing system instead of inventing one of their own shaped their language to uniformity . 
  at the same time they were never conquered , so aside from the initial cultural influence by china , they never had to adapt to other languages . 
  so i would say it 's not so much them cutting themselves off , as them having the benefit of living on hard to reach island . 
  on top china was the only power in region who could have conquered them and they had enough trouble on all other borders , so they never really came to do it . 
  the mongols tried twice , but luck would have it that their boats sunk . 
  huh , that 's odd . 
  usually the japanese seem really interested in their own history and their language . 
  but interests change over time , maybe they give it more thought in the future . 
  my interest in linguistics has nothing to do with my nationality , i can assure you that . 
  :p i personally like max weinreich , just because i really love the quote attributed to him : `` a language is a dialect with an army and navy '' . 
  well i did . 
  a bit , it was part of my minor while getting my bachelor degree . 
  diachronic linguistics is definitely a topic worth getting into . 
  `` scheren '' means to run fast or jump . 
  it comes from old german `` scer\u014dn '' . 
  in this meaning it is today only used in the phrase `` scher dich zum teufel '' and in the word `` ausscheren '' ( to veer or to sheer ) . 
  it also has the meanings `` to care '' ( `` es schert mich nicht '' = i do n't care ) and to cut , to clip or to shear ( `` ein schaf scheren '' = to shear a sheep ) . 
  okay history classes in school is long ago , but the last thing we talked about was the end of the cold war , the fall of the wall and reunification of germany . 
  rest of the time until the end was spent to prepare us for the final exam and make a history based `` who wants to be the millionaire ? '', 
  ( we were put in groups , to create questions . 
  i was in antiquity . 
  our questions were the hardest , not even the teacher could go past 7th question . ), 
  anyway , i also study history at the university , or did until december . 
  last thing i did there was psychoanalysis of historical figures . 
  which i found interesting and pretty pointless at the same time . 
  it 's hard enough for a trained psychologist to do it on contempory people , it 's impossible to do it on long dead people . 
  historical sources are always biased , so you get no meaningfull results . 
  atleast that 's my opinion . 
  still it was different from the usual stuff . 
   `` h\u00fclfen sie mir '' you are right , nobody would ever use that . 
  when i read my inbox i was expecting a german flair , but a french one makes sense too . 
  the italians pissed of quite a few people in that tournament . 
  yes they can be told apart . 
  the romani people came to germany in the 15th century and basically split into two groups . 
  those that over time integrated , which was the majority and the minority which did not . 
  both were victims of the holocaust , but fortunately neither was completely eradicated . 
  nowadays the first group is basically indistinguishable from other germans , aside from names in some cases ( django for example is a name often used by romani ) . 
  the latter group is ever changing i would say . 
  since they are nomands some leave , new people come . 
  they are easily spotted , they are often living like beggars or small time criminals . 
  it 's quite unfortunate . 
  they do share the love for adidas tracksuits with many eastern europeans , but their lifestyle is different enough to tell them apart . 
  [ take a guess ] ( http://img.fifa.com/mm/photo/tournament/competition/02/40/51/60/2405160_full-lnd.jpg ), 
  i guess it depends on what you like . 
  [ i prefer the simple elegance of the romananesque style . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/19/speyer_dom_pano.jpg/690px-speyer_dom_pano.jpg ), 
  they had the best names , it 's true . 
  tremendous dynasty , they were huge !, 
  there is also charles the child , charles the fat , louis the stammerer , henry the quarrelsome and wenceslaus the idle ( or lazy ) . 
  check out r/the _ schulz and see for yourself . 
  we ( palatinate ) eat snails too . 
  i had them myself once . 
  they are alright , but i prefer seafood . 
  not saying it 's my personal opinion , it was just how a lot of germans felt at the time ( almost 15 years ago ) . 
  personally i also think brandt is the better chancellor . 
  whether the zdf manipulated the result or not , i ca n't say . 
  but i would give them the benefit of the doubt that they did not . 
  adenauer was voted the greatest german in 2003 during the zdf show `` unsere besten '' . 
  if i remember correctly the voter turn-out was high enough for it to be considered representative . 
  bismarck was on number 9 btw , behind johannes gutenberg and before albert einstein on 10 . 
  it 's the thought that counts . 
  i do n't know man , their accents are kinda cute . 
  no , it was the 4th floor . 
  send an ambulance or some antiseptic cream . 
  i feel special now !, 
  austria , swapped for croatia . 
  those guys actually appreciate us . 
  do n't worry , we love all our neighbors ... oh wait is that a czech flair ? 
  ehhhh , i have to go , my dog has an appointment at the dentist . 
  * jumps out of the window *, 
  it comes off as ignorant , but it is n't insulting . 
  in germany we make nazi-jokes all the time . 
  the important part is that nazis are the target of the joke , not their victims . 
  it also depends on the context i guess , but usually we know that education favors different topics on different parts of the world , so it is n't that big of a deal . 
  at worst you get a quick history lecture . 
  i never met any in germany though . 
  if they had portuguese names , they were always brazilians . 
  the only portuguese girl i met in germany was an exchange student , not a migrant . 
  i would rather vote cdu and even they are too conservative and `` behind the times '' for me . 
  spd is about as right as i go ( so center left for those who do n't what the spd stands for ) . 
  ach haaans , vhy are you zo grumpy ? 
  pretty much anything from italy and goulash . 
  no doubts . 
  european portuguese sounds a bit like greek to me . 
  brazilian portuguese reminds me of my own german dialect . 
  it shares a lot of sounds , but i also have relatives in brazil , so maybe it 's because i associate both brazilian portuguese and my dialect with family .
