  a bigger share of the stuff we consume is produced outside the eu today than ten years ago . 
  manufacturing that moved out of the eu no longer contributes to the eu-emissions , but their emissions are not gone . 
  it really is n't a hard concept to understand . 
  the article fails to mention that a lot of this is due to outsourcing emissions to countries outside of the eu . 
  everything we consume produces co2 emissions , so there are less in the eu , but we still cause emissions in other parts of the world by buying cheaply produced stuff from those places . 
  i am pretty certain germany actually was in a bit of a pickle around 2000 . 
  definitely not as far ahead of the other eu countries as it is now . 
  would the result be any different ? 
  you sound upset and should calm down . 
  on the other hand the elected representatives are supposed to know better than the general public . 
  that 's one of the big points of having a parliament and not doing everything by plebiscite . 
  if you consider the election from five years ago the only valid comparison , sure . 
  ok , well `` last time '' was in 2012 so maybe trump is not the most impactful factor one way or the other . 
  my original point was simply that actual elections happened in some of the countries listed in ops graphic ( which is actually quite bad considering the lack of sources and dates ) and we do not have to rely only on polls for them . 
  well of course he got some votes from other candidates when him and van der bellen were the only ones left . 
  that 's how a run-off tends to work out . 
  [ but in the first , pre-trump runoff he got 49,7 % . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austrian_presidential_election,_2016 ) however that part of the election had to be redone for legal reason and in the following , after-trump run-off he got the 46,2 % you talk about . 
   for the austrian presidential elections , the fp\u00d6 went from 15.2 % in 2010 to 46.2 % in 2016 . 
  you are comparing a first round result to the runoff election . 
  hofer got 35,1 % in the first round 2016 , which happened long before trump was elected and even before brexit won the referendum . 
  the performance of pvv in the election was worse than predicted by opinion polls when trump was eleceted . 
  is there anything wrong with that statement ? 
  apart from what / u/peytonmanning1234 has already said we have 2 national elections in austria and the netherlands and a state election in germany ( saarland ) backing up that trend . 
  oh wow , i bet that really showed the report who is boss . 
  do you mean modern in the sense of young ? 
  seems to me like most other countries just call germany by the name of the german tribe they had contact with . 
  this guy evolves, 
  they would find a way to twist their brains into accepting this as a good kind of free trade as opposed to the free trade the evil globalists forced upon them . 
  are those potatoes on the bread furthest left ? 
  well that is not going to become a popular sentiment before the next election . 
  after seeing the effects the last refugee wave had on our political landscape i 'd prefer for things to stay quiet on that front for a while longer . 
  all we had to do was vote for damn remain , uk !, 
  been there , but i kept [ travelling ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/median_voter_theorem#limitations ) . 
  yeah no . 
  however i would also prefer two centrist parties acting reasonably while alternating who governs to a huddled together center with fringe-parties growing stronger from election to election . 
  a professor knowledgeable about this topic would never have used the wording h\u00f6cke used . 
  you know it . 
  i know it . 
  everybody knows it . 
  that was in another poll conducted by insa/yougov . 
  it always has the cdu lower than the polls conducted by other institutes . 
  all polls show the spd increasing in voter popularity , it is just not clear ( or all that relevant at this point in time ) by how much . 
  i bet the german one will still be quite boring . 
  if you want to make it to the top of a german party you have build a network in - and outside of the party , bide your time for an opening and avoid all fairly big scandals . 
  some of the most successful german politicians literally grew a thick skin . 
  one of the most hopeful rising csu politicians in recent times stumbled over plagiarism in his phd thesis , which seems quite minor compared to the stuff trump and his cabinet picks have going on . 
  he seems to try a comback now , but he has been out of the game for almost five years now . 
  even then the recent events surrounding the afd were not really something all that new or surprising . 
  maybe schulz managed to draw some votes from the more pragmatic `` merkel muss weg '' crowd . 
  that slowpoke better stay out of the left lane . 
  however german liberals are not nearly as extreme as us libertarians . 
  they are best known for being the most neo-liberal party on the spectrum in economic matters and that 's mostly it . 
  pay debts first , or pray to the gottkanzler to stop austerity . 
  the actual numbers may not be reliabe , but there is no reason to assume this particular trend will not show in the polls conducted by other institutes as well . 
  it 's really not all that great . 
  you can hardly go faster than 180 most of the time anyway . 
  if feeling persecuted makes you happy go ahead i guess, 
  a lot of people are against ceta as well, 
  did you even read the article ? 
  i meant that the british cars will probably also get more expensive , since they require imported parts . 
  not only the imported cars will be more expensive . 
  the factories in the uk are probably still part of the overall european supply chain , so i would not be too sure about them staying the same price . 
  that law only applies to public gatherings in germany . 
  it usually concerns people attending demonstrations or football games . 
  merkel spoke out in favor of banning the burqa/veil `` wherever legally possible '' , which will most likely only be the case in courts and government buildings . 
  what about [ this one ? 
  putting childhood pictures of the national football team on kinderschokolade in germany also managed [ to stir up some controversy . 
  ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/pegida-slammed-for-racist-remarks-over-kinderschokolade-ad-ahead-of-euro-2016/a-19282049 ) if you want to get a country going , just change the look of a popular chocolate bar i guess . 
  that 's no plan , it 's a wishlist . 
  for trade to flow freely uk products will still have to comply with most regulations though . 
  i do n't know whether it was just because of trump . 
  the cdu has a serious lack of leadership figures besides her and she also seems to kind of like being chancellor . 
  i do n't see why that would be a pressing concern while interest rates are extremely low for germany . 
  if there is one thing merkel does not need to learn any better it 's how to stay in power . 
  right now most afd voters are single issue voters and seem to want to drag the other parties closer to their position on immigration . 
  even a large part of their voters does not think the afd is the most qualified party to govern . 
  they feel comfortable voicing their opinion on immigration by voting for them because they are basically guaranteed to `` only '' end up in the opposition anyway . 
  i 'm obviously not talking about the customers perspective here . 
  cost-wise aldi would probably adapt self-checkouts if they thought it would save them money . 
  aldis are operated by very few people at a time anyway , so i really do n't know how much they would save in personell costs with self-checkouts . 
  i do n't know what speed the cashiers go outside of germany , but self-checkouts are probably still less efficient than cashiers at the moment . 
  does this include suicides or what 's up with finland ? 
  you did it for the bantz . 
  `` we are the champions '' is not the cl song though . 
  the bundeswehr is not deployed inside germany and the vast majority of police forces in the world are armed . 
  for arms manufacturers, 
  i think the proposals have to be more detailed and concrete in switzerland . 
  they are not buying the cat in the sack like britons did with the brexit referendum, 
  reformist still called themselves christian and did not change anything about the bible though . 
  i see where you 're coming from , but by that logic would n't they be the real winners here ? 
  there are similarities but you can not explain everything using just one axis, 
  islamists on one side , islamophobes on the other ? 
  ok , no hard feelings then . 
  to put it simply ( very abridged tbh , read up on it more if you really care ) , if a party wants to get into the bundestag ( our parliament ) they have to get at leat 5 % of the total votes . 
  about 95 % of all votes go to parties that manage to get into the bundestag . 
  the seats are divded up between those parties , meaning that you `` only '' have to get about 48 % of the votes to get a majority of seats . 
  the bundestag then votes on who will be chancellor . 
  the result is that germany has always had coalition governments , even the one time the cdu managed to get an absolute majority of seats in 1957 . 
  none of the parties with a shot to get into the bundestag would cooperate with the afd .
