  this means their only path to power is an absolute majority , which would require them to get 3 to 4 times the votes polls predict . 
  it 's not happening . 
  i would say sanders did not have a lot of power in his decades as independent representative and senator and those were the foundation for his campaign . 
  i do n't know if you are familiar with the german electoral system , but a victory for afd is basically impossible . 
  not `` 30 % win probability '' impossible as with trump , but 1 %  likelihood impossible . 
  also as we do n't have any retarded fptp-nonsense , votes not going to merkels cdu will not automatically become votes for the far right . 
  i do n't think you understand how polls work , but do n't worry , few people seem to be able to read them correctly . 
  brexit was within the margin of error , so were the decisive swing states in the us , the popular vote prediction seems to be within it as well and polls correctly predicted the outcome of the italian constitutional referendum . 
  there really does not seem to be anything fundamentally wrong with them . 
  do you speak german by the way ? 
  just curious about your impression of petry as i do n't really share it at all . 
  without real power you ca n't fuck anything up . 
  sanders is popular as well . 
  it 's not legal , it 's decriminalized . 
  dealing is still illegal , but addicts who are caught with small amounts of drugs are treated very differently . 
  i 'm hardly an expert on the matter , but there should be a lot of articles written about it , maybe even in this subreddit . 
  no , they decided to treat drug addiction as the health issue it is instead of like a crime . 
  they invested in treatment and prevention and addicts looking for help are no longer afraid of any punishment . 
  consumption went down by a lot and the police can focus on organized crime instead . 
  all of them, 
  i would say there are a lot of differences in taste even just between different hefewei\u00dfen , but feel free to disagree . 
  meine hopfenweisse is awesome . 
  i enjoy aventinus and their normal one as well . 
  if you can get vitus by weihenstephaner you should also try that one . 
  if you live in northern bavaria and hesse is not too far , you may want to check out [ maruhn ] ( http://maruhn-welt-der-getraenke.de/ ) in darmstadt . 
  it is like a normal getr\u00e4nkemarkt , but i am pretty sure you have n't seen a bigger range of different beers in one place before . 
  you could also order online . 
  crew republic seems reasonably priced to me and the drunken sailor or in your face ipas are quite tasty . 
  you can also check out some bio-supermarkets like alnatura , they often have lammsbr\u00e4u , riedenburger or st\u00f6rtebecker , which offer some variety . 
  edit : also try rauchbier if you have n't yet, 
  where in germany do you live approximately ? 
  and while i can see you point when it comes to helles , lager and pils different wei\u00dfbiere can vary quite a lot in flavour . 
  also once you get into starkbier , variety increases by a lot as well . 
  i currently live in one of the best places to get to know that variety to be fair . 
  one of the deadliest terror attack in europe of all time was committed with legal fire arms . 
   edit : if the current states that keep pushing for stricter gun laws , such as germany , italy and france , want them i suggest you implement it yourself in your national legislation instead of imposing such rules on countries that have little to no problems with gun related crimes . 
  trying to force it through via the eu is just a way of appeasing your public by saying that it 's an eu rule and you have no other choice than to comply . 
  i 'm not in favor of this ban , but making national laws is obviously a waste of time as long as you are in the common market and schengen area . 
  attempting to do this through the eu is the only thing to remotely make sense . 
  ok . what kind of ingredients would you say belong in something called whisky ? 
  look man if you do n't like beer you can just say so, 
  it depends . 
  experimenting is still allowed as long as you only do it with water , malt , hops and yeasts . 
  this is about their presidential election after all, 
  yeah nah , we 're fucked . 
  they messed up the first one, 
  [ how come you do n't want us then ? 
  does n't this just show that a consituency that was mostly against brexit really is against brexit ? 
  when it comes to food the person in charge is often personally responsible/liable in germany . 
  the management of the canteen is not willing to take that risk . 
  were n't the poles a net plus for the uk ? 
  mexico city is on 9 . 
  expats obviously have a different experience in some cities than natives . 
  why ? 
  until the study is fully published we can not really judge it . 
  it certainly seems to work better for some countries than for others but we really do n't have enough information . 
  the method in principle is valid , there are courses and books on statistics you could look into if you really care that much . 
  the positions of the dot and the position of the capitals are not really related for most countries on the map, 
  do you know how this kind of study works ? 
  with some controversial topics it is hard to ask direct questions , because people will know the `` right '' answert to give . 
  in these cases you have to ask different questions with less obvious answers to reveal the preference , using statistical methods . 
  it 's really not uncommon . 
  the parameters in this study may have been badly chosen , but that does n't mean the method is not viable when done right or unfitting in this case . 
  we do n't really know how they weigh these factors up , but a correlation seems plausible at least . 
  the view itself does not make anyone authoritarian , but it is more likely for you to be both . 
  it 's the same way pacifism is associated with the green party . 
  being pacifist does not mean you care about the environmet by itself , but those views often come in pairs . 
  https://yougov.co.uk/news/2016/11/16/trump-brexit-front-national-afd-branches-same-tree/  methodological note  to identify the authoritarian populist groupings exploratory factor analysis was used on a series of variables associated with the theoretical foundations of authoritarian populism ( anti-human rights , anti-eu , anti-immigrant , pro-strong foreign policy ) with an alpha scale check that gives you a reliability coefficient . 
   inevitably , the interpretation and grouping of results of this type is as much an art as a science , so the results involve the analyst 's own judgement . 
  unsurprisingly , the analysis by country produces slightly different patterns in each country , demonstrating the varying political landscapes . 
   the yougov 12-nation authoritarian populism study was conducted in september 2016 and forms part of an ongoing body of work on authoritarian populism . 
  full results will be published soon . 
  this survey has been produced for the annual yougov-cambridge forum , a joint conference held by yougov and the cambridge department of politics and international studies . 
  right . 
  thanks for clearing that up, 
  are n't scotland and northern ireland also arguing their case in court ? 
  i have frankly no idea about their chances , but that is still going on right ? 
  yeah but they would still have that problem with their electorate if there had been a 2/3 limit . 
  also enables them to study and work in the rest of the eu quite easily . 
  i bet a lot of poles have family and friends in other eu countries . 
  it 's not binding either way, 
  if they win in fair and free elections , why not ? 
  european cooperation started with steel production explicitly because of its significance to war efforts . 
  the founding states almost created a common army in 1954 if it had n't been for the french parliament . 
  the idea that european cooperation and supranational institutions would help guarantee peace in europe has been there from the very beginning of the eu . 
  is n't the eu itself an attempt to avoid repeating past mistakes ? 
  at some point you do have try something different to get a different outcome, 
  not just the market . 
  germany , austria , slovakia and the czech republic are filled with suplliers for cars like bosch and magna , which will come handy if they plan to build cars there as well like the article claims . 
   the funke mediengruppe reported that germany received 4,437 asylum applications from turkish citizens between january and october . 
  this is more than 2.5 times the amount of applications received from turkish citizens in all of 2015 . 
  it is a big increase and certainly not to be taken lightly , but at the same time not that much in absolute terms . 
  maybe he would have won , maybe not . 
  polls , especially ones without him actually being the target of republican campaigning , are really not all that convincing . 
  hillary was a horrible candidate for sure , but pretending this election would have been smooth sailing for a self described socialist reeks of wishful thinking to me . 
  they are certainly not free of blame , but ultimately the responsibily for the election result lies with the electorate . 
  i also do not share the certainty of many redditors that bernie would have won . 
  grow up, 
  and by that you mean european or ( in your case ) dutch interests ? 
  the us just threw a fit and elected trump .
