could the gdp of luxembourg be inflated by companies declaring their sales there ? 
  supreme court justice appointments are also for life, 
  how many us citizens would be applicable for irish citizenships ? 
  brexit was within the margin of error , trump vs. clinton was predicted to be close in the popular vote combined with the electoral college muddling things up further . 
  clinton was predicted to win , but the possibility of a trump win was acknowledged throughout the election by websites like fivethirtyeight , who gave him about 1/3 chances to win . 
  when the polls say fifty-fifty , the prediction powers of statistics naturally reach their limits . 
  / r/wholesomememes, 
  a lot of germans are probably not even aware that civil unions are not the same as gay marriage . 
  well at least it 's a nice anecdote . 
  but it 's not like flip-flopping on positions is uncommon with german politicians . 
  it is also not that uncommon in germany to take an initial `` no '' as a sign to try a bit of persuasion . 
  `` no oma , i do n't need anymore food . '', 
  yeah good look with that . 
   arabs with beards look similar to other arabs with beards, 
  by influencing the legislature ? 
  i remember flying with klm and they had sets by almost all popular dutch djs . 
  pretty rad and excellent for drowning out noisy children . 
   m\u00fcnchen cell i 'm pretty sure that was hamburg, 
   downloaded broken i think that is supposed to be `` broken down '' . 
  point is that you and your politicians changed your country , not the terrorists themselves . 
  guns are a good example of the same people managing to stay more apathetic in face of something that costs about as many lives . 
  and when it comes to overreaction most european countries managed to not join the us in invading the mostly unrelated iraq . 
  funny , how a couple of terrorist attacks can change your country , while thousands of avoidable deaths by gun a year can not . 
  terrorism and the american reaction to it are two different things . 
  as far as i know the fbi repeatedly failed to insert undercover agents into american mosques , because the regulars reported their suspicious behaviour to the authorities . 
  will the market tank if she gets elected ? 
   and voting afd as a form of protest because they will get above 5 % is silly , then you can vote for any other party instead that will also be opposition depending on where you live . 
  no , because if i voted afd i would likely agree with them to some degree on immigration and no other party does . 
  has die partei ever upset the established parties as successfully and consistently as the afd ? 
  i am not even talking about myself , but about all the people who voted afd without believing in their personnel or program . 
  if the goal is to tell the other parties to fuck off , it is clearly more effective to go with a party that actually gets above the 5 % mark . 
  well in comparison to the established parties , the afd is the most effective `` none of the above '' option on the ballot . 
  i do n't know . 
  is there a rule against posting the [ same shit ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/532s0l/enjoy_difference_start_tolerance_hijab_ad_in/ ) some posted yesterday again ? 
  it 's from 2011 btw, 
  it is 100 % understandable to feel that way . 
  on the other hand it is neither in the interest of a cities government nor its citizens to have a significant percentage of inner city appartments occupied by untaxed airbnb guests . 
  it 's more likely for companies to get hit by countries where they have less clout than in their home countries . 
  too many influential people in germany are close to vw for it to get hit as hard as they are now in the us for example . 
  also us-laws allow for class action law suits and damage payouts have always been higher in the us than in europe . 
  the apple fine at least equally an eu ` attack ' on the irish way of luring us-businesses to their country , so it 's only natural for an us-based company to be involved . 
  assuming this is the case , could n't ireland just shut the whole affair down by providing proof that other companies had the same or similar arrangements ? 
   how would you feel if in your country foreign music was dubbed ? 
  as long as those other multinationals had no similar deals with ireland as apple and just did the normal tax avoidance everyone else did , nothing changed for them . 
  vestager explicity and repeatedly stated that this is not about the irish tax-code in general . 
  it 's something . 
  also lots of walking up and down mountains . 
  i do n't see where that help would come from . 
  the countries from eastern europe do not want the refugees and the refugees do not want to go there . 
  scandinavia , even sweden , is done with helping people for now and they are not wrong . 
  southern europe has had to deal with refugees for years now , no help can be expected there . 
  belgium and france would be insane to accept more muslims due to recent events . 
  austria has abandoned merkel months ago . 
  merkel will have to ramp up deportation and prevent new refugees from coming now to minimize the damage . 
  the coming elections will not be a triumph for her , but as long as she manages to stay on top of her own party , cdu and spd will still get enough seats to form another coalition with merkel at the helm . 
  is this guy really trying to defend one country giving taxbreaks to one specific company by saying it is good for competition ? 
  yes . 
  i did admittedly not know that . 
  there was no treatment before i went to the doctor around the time i was 12 and maybe it just was n't all that severe in the first place . 
  i certainly never had any infections as a child or felt pain while masturbating . 
  also no trauma as far as i know , so i guess i got lucky . 
  point is , unless a doctor says it 's necessary to circumcise , childrens dicks should be left unharmed . 
   everyone who 's had breast implants was mutilated are parents allowed to give their children breast implants without consulting them ? 
  people can do with their own bodies whatever the fuck they want . 
  i am against making irreversible modifications on the bodies of children without medical need . 
  only the owner of the body should be able to make those decisions and as long as they are unable to do that , all options should be left open if possible . 
  you asked why i think it 's mutilation and i answered . 
  i do not care whether you agree with me , as you said it is at least partly subjective . 
  if you are circumcised and happy with it , good for you . 
  i simply do n't see why anyone should risk negative consequences just to cut off a piece of skin from a perfectly healthy dick . 
  wikipedia : [ mutilation or maiming is an act of physical injury that degrades the appearance or function of any living body . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mutilation ) circumcision definitely changes the appearance ( and not for the better , as far as i am concerned ) and is usually acoompanied by a loss of sensitivity in the glans . 
  i get that , but there is no way to know how you would feel about it if you had been circumcised . 
  maybe you 'd be pissed off that someone mutilated your dick without knowing if it was even necessary . 
  at least it 's your choice now . 
  even then a lot of boys grow out of it . 
  i had that issue when i was about 12 but the doctor said to give it some time before making a decision . 
  by the time i was 15 everything was alright and i am happy nothing was cut off of my dick . 
  even the 19th century was not like that . 
  mo monnet mo problems, 
  nationalism goes way beyond what you describe . 
  also i would rather be proud of the better future i help to build than of a past i had no part in . 
  even in that case she was mostly trying to uphold the schengen treaty and the german asylum law as they were . 
  she is the safe , status quo choice , which is quite appealing when everything else seems to be in a constant state of chaos . 
  also there are no good alternatives to her . 
  being part of the eea means a common market for goods , services , capital and labour . 
  a common labour market needs freedom of movement , it is not just tacked on to the eea , it is an integral part of it . 
   your carrots must be this straight actually it was your cucumbers ca n't be curved too much . 
  that law was discontinued , but is de facto still in use because it actually makes things easier and was demanded by the companies themselves . 
  you mean we are being indoctrinated by the left-green establishment at an early age . 
  he hit the pro eu guy in the face and celebrates it , but did not even score . 
  so basically they hurt the other side without really accomplishing anything . 
  it was just banter lads . 
  because the setup for the hahaha rating is worth it . 
  even if the uk does not immediately hand in the request to leave , the uncertainty will prevent a lot of investment in britain and make other countries more attractive in comparison . 
  if the referendum is ignored for now , the topic , and with it the uncertainty , wo n't even be completely gone by the time the next election rolls around , so trying to sit this out would be extremely painful for britain as well . 
  the future scotland-eu relationship would have to be clarified before a referendum , but the eu is way more likely to be generous now than before . 
  it is exactly the right way of thinking of it . 
  producing stuff takes energy . 
  producing energy causes emissions .
