  what the f * are you talking about ? 
  it 's one of the most subsidized regions in russia . 
  uh , are n't social democrats left too ? 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  because it 's retarted . 
  `` trojan horse '' ? 
  you 're talking like there is going to be some war . 
  that 's my point . 
  there was no free market . 
  free-market my ass . 
  most of the state property was left in functionaries ' hands . 
  privatization process was a fucking joke . 
  oh , thanks . 
  it 's still bad , though . 
  maybe they have nobody to joke about . 
  that 's really true . 
  i 'm sorry for this offtopic , but we have a meme in russia , that sounds like '' \u042f \u0432\u0435\u0440\u0441\u0442\u0430\u044e \u043a\u0430\u043a \u043c\u0443\u0434\u0430\u043a '' ( ~ `` i typeset like a retard '' ) , that 's really suitable for this magazine . 
  that 's just a bunch of random images !, 
  why mostly young people rate it low ? 
  oh , that 's irina bergset , she is completely insane . 
  once she said that europeans rape stray dogs . 
  no joking . 
  studiya 13 is a piece of shitty propaganda . 
   50 % of the minimum wage but that 's not bad at all . 
  you did n't work until now ? 
  holy crap . 
  but the exhaust norm in europe is 130 g/km , according to google . 
  why does it say 180 in the article ? 
  jeez , even our most low-tech russian cars ( i.e. 
  lada priora with ** carburetor engine ** ) emit ~ 170 g/km . 
  what does it have to do with r/europe ? 
  why is she labeled `` far-right '' ? 
  is this what art have become ? 
  you know what makes it even worse ? 
  the fact that they 've built it in 200 metres from the place where memorial for victims of soviet repressions was supposed to be built ( it was waiting for municipality 's approval ) . 
  fucking hypocritical , arrogant , shameless animals . 
  their regions recieve loads of money while giving nothing . 
  the dream of an authority . 
  they 've even less transparent . 
  ... in nine polling stations, 
  i have nobody to vote for anyway , so who gives a shit . 
  and `` uh let 's just vote for somebody '' have lead to putin 's presidency . 
  old communist tactics is about having one candidate . 
  i personally wo n't vote anymore . 
  i 'm fed up with these theatrical performances ; i do n't want to participate in making our government look legitimate . 
  it 's not limited to anything . 
  for example , in ussr genetics had been recognized as unscientific for a long time due to ideological reasons . 
  i 'm christian and i think that creationism is retarded . 
  tsar is good , it 's boyars who fuck everything up !, 
  nowadays liberals are pretty far from caring about civil liberties as well . 
  i hope i 'll manage to leave in time . 
  and what do you use as a guideline ? 
  what 's your problem with christians ? 
  russian hackers also did 9/11 . 
  well , this depends on how we ( not sure if this is the right word ) perceive taxes . 
  i 'd like to think about them as they 're some sort of compensation for the state . 
  rich people are less dependent on the state for obvious reasons - so they can pay less money . 
  for the last 3 years i 've only been to private clinics , and for me it 's kind of unfair that i still have to give ~ 8 % of my income to health care system . 
  i do n't use it , what do i pay for ? 
  and i 'm not even rich - i 'm middle class citizen ( not european , russian middle class ) . 
  because she would have an abortion ? 
  hey , stop writing these offensive comments !, 
  he will spend his 1.5 days in prison , and then he 'll have to spend the rest of his life managing some half-state-owned company for outrageously high salary , is n't this enough ? 
  it 's not a crime to be rich . 
  it should n't be punished . 
  well , from this perspective , i will agree . 
  yes , if they 're unable to integrate in under normal conditions . 
  i woud n't want to sacrifice my freedom for their `` integration '' , why should i ? 
  i 'm sorry , but how is requiring an id for voting is a racial segregation ? 
  i do n't know much about usa , but in russia it 's impossible to live normally without an id - you ca n't pay taxes , you ca n't take a credit , you ca n't vote , you ca n't get a driver licence , you ca n't enter in many types of contracts , you can be fined for not having it or even taken by federal migration service . 
  so everybody has an id - even most of homeless people . 
  american and russian ( chechnya , dagestan ) experience shows that ghettos can grow without racial segregation . 
  that 's what i 'm saying . 
   if there are 1000 people living in a community , of which are 4 muslims well then they maybe should reconsider living there . 
  people are n't robots , irrationality makes us who we are , nobody has to be prosecuted for feelings/emotions/ideology / religion . 
  what 's your point ? 
  everybody should have a right ( not ) to do whateverthefuck they want , unless it 's harmful to other people . 
  no , they do n't have a problem , as another shop will appear soon to get their money . 
  private discrimination is harmful for business . 
  why do you find it frustrating ? 
  uh , no , it still is . 
  from my life experience , most teachers in russia are pro-soviet . 
  well he got rid of many members of nsdap too . 
  it does n't make him anti-nazi . 
  fb still should have every damn right to delete whatever it wants , as we should have every damn right to criticize them for it . 
  will they allow them not to arrest muslim men too ? 
  and i do n't get it why i 'm downvoted for saying this . 
  our walfare system is monstrously huge , tax burden is high , russian nationalistic movements are completely marginal and have no political power whatsoever . 
   many see putin 's russia as a extremely far-right and i really do n't get it . 
  or racial war , if things go really bad . 
  he is still pro-british , just in way * you * do n't seem to like . 
  i 'm not pro-putin , stop downvoting me for having an opinion . 
  why is rouble exchange rate written in the bottom ? 
  yeah , the one nobody dares to talk about ... because nobody cares . 
  lmao , not so long ago i was asked why russian programmers are so good and i did n't know the answer ( and i still do n't ) . 
  this kinda satisfying , as i am the programmer myself . 
  uh , no , i have no idea what are you talking about . 
  most of them do n't even go to church . 
  nah , not even close .
