  putin managed to win the elections back then depsite the fact nobody knew him - the same thing will happen when putin goes away . 
  people swallow everything that the state feeds them with . 
  we need revolution of * minds * before changing the country , and , sadly , it wo n't happen any soon . 
  there is almost no middle class in russia , not outside moscow/st . petersburg at least . 
  the only positive signs for recovery are for the public sector , as money-printing machine is starting to accelerate . 
  common people and small and medium businesses are going to pay for this in few years . 
  keynesians are doing their dirty job and central bank is the only one who at least tried to stop credit expansion . 
  also , `` neutral '' guy who does n't want to choose sides is being labeled as libtard and putinbot at the same time , because he points out propaganda in both sides . 
  are you f *** ing serious ? 
  38000 plotters ? 
  plot is supposed to be covert until the moment it happens , you ca n't keep a secret between 38000 people !, 
  that 's what happens when you give your economic freedom to the state . 
  they should either control `` free speech '' everywhere or stop controlling it at all , otherwise it 's just hypocrisy . 
  is this guy a nazi-apologetic asshole ? 
  yes , most probably . 
  should he be jailed for it ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  first these damn muscovites took our money , and now they take our rains . 
  what 's next ? 
  * joke *, 
  putin was a decent president back then . 
  oh , i guess i broke my damn joke-meter again . 
  of course not . 
  are you serious ? 
  infesting usada with agents for one sportsman ? 
  is there a single place on earth without putin 's agents ? 
  in 90s it was . 
  paris . 
  i 'm sorry , but it 's just horrible . 
  praha , on the other hand , is just hilarious . 
  i do n't know about europeans , but it was definetely underrated by myself . 
  we will have the same shitstorm though . 
  i wish everything went back to normal . 
  sorry , but nobody gives a single fuck about russian corruption . 
  you can reveal it by walking at the parking lot near some government building where people have cars that can be bought only with their 10-year salary . 
  there is no point in revealing anything . 
  several months ago some oppositionist conducted an investigation where attorney general was proved to have connections with organized criminal groups , and literally nothing happened . 
  president 's press secretary went `` meh whatever '' and that 's all . 
  wooooh , i hope i did n't hurt your feelings :'( can you say anything that actually ** means ** something ? 
  if not , just call me a putinbot already and be done with it . 
  are you drunk or something ? 
  i did n't accuse you of anything yet . 
  more conspiracy theories please . 
  i just saw the damn article and posted it here - nothing else . 
  are you telling me that an imam - a spiritual leader for many people - who is carrying radical ideas , is not a threat ? 
  stop apologising him already . 
  this `` article '' does n't refute anything . 
  most russians do agree with these conspiracy theories and rt-like narrative . 
  `` putin is good , everybody in this world just hinders him from making good things , only traitors are against him , bla-bla-bla '' so , i do n't even need to go to this subreddit . 
  that 's why i hate being a moderate russian . 
  in reddit , you 're hated by european nationalists for not praying to putin and you 're hated by european liberals for not praying to eu . 
  so , everybody seems to hate you . 
  * now replace `` reddit '' with `` russia '' and `` european '' with `` russian '' and you 'll understand how i feel in my country lol *, 
  whoa , so many declarative statements !, 
  i doubt that you want your country to become a new vietnam . 
  do you look for putinbots under your bed before going to sleep too ? 
  looks like a toast for me !, 
  it 's personal because it 's bounded with the salary . 
  most people do n't know about these taxes because they 're being paid by the employer , but money goes from salary fund . 
  it 's flat 13 % , but we have others taxes except this one , which accelerate overall tax burden up to ~ 50 % . 
  nice piece of propadanda - comparing brexit with slavery . 
   moscow : taxation - 8/10 lol, 
  free higher education for everyone with decent exam score . 
  no , i did n't . 
  association with some political wing does n't automatically make you an ally with everybody who associate themselves with it too . 
  google `` horseshoe theory '' and please do n't use words like `` ignorance '' so early . 
  because far left and far right are the same ideologies . 
  they both tend to take away both economic and political freedom away for some `` greater good '' . 
  maybe because he raises terrorists in european countries ? 
  calling everybody you disagree with a troll is not a respectable standpoint . 
  can you point out what `` trollish '' things do i say ? 
  ~ ~ scotland just spent enough money on alternative energy buy coal for entire month . ~ ~, 
  yeah guys , downvote me for telling that american does n't know shit about russian elections . 
  good to know that there are so many foreigners who are more familiar with my country than me . 
  it 's cute you think you know anything about our elections . 
  it 's funny how eu sometimes enforces protectionism in general , but prevents members to do so . 
  * the rest of the post * is not worth arguing about . 
   what do you think about putin 's `` elections '' ? 
  elections themselves are not the problem , harsh and unfair domestic policies , propaganda and enforcing are . 
  if we had 100 % genuine and clear elections with all candidates tomorrow , putin would inevitably win them . 
  here you go , eeesti !, 
   i love how you ignored the rest of my post . 
  because i do n't consider it worth arguing about . 
   i can give you sources that the leak most definitely had russian fingerprints if you 'd like ? 
  yeah , you probably can . 
  my point is that i just would n't really care about cause of the leak if i was american . 
  i do n't like trump , i just consider him to be the lesser of two evils for america ( as i do n't feel like there will be significant difference for common russians , so whatever ) . 
   the worst is russia hacking into the dnc trying to undermine clinton and hurt her campaign jeez , hillary supporters are so much similar to government supporters in russia . 
  here , whenever something nasty gets revealed , everybody starts looking for `` west trail '' of this leak , while not giving a single fuck about contents of it . 
  and those who did n't vote demonstrate trust towards those who did . 
  as simple as that . 
  you 've never been to crimea , do you ? 
  majority of people in there were pro-russian for last 10-12 years . 
  there was no reason to deport or import anyone . 
  nah , there wo n't be any war . 
  there is no need to listen to the media , as you can get pro-government agenda from reading comments literally everywhere . 
  they do n't have any other choice now , so this alliance may be fragile , but definetely not short-term . 
  pro-west course is not an option now for both of them . 
  what makes you be sure about that ? 
  trump is not a dictator .
