if majority of their population wanted it , yeah , he could do that . 
  see , most crimeans did want this transition . 
  russian people wo n't go fighting with poland for any fucking reason our propaganda can make up . 
  russia is not ussr anymore . 
  this comment is enormously delusional . 
  because politicians do n't want to lose their money and their families in europe . 
  russian leaders are oligarchy , not fanatics . 
  putin took crimea just because he could , there was no long-term plan for this . 
  `` land corridor '' ? 
  ukraine would n't give it even if there were no sanctions . 
  did he bribe half of the us population ? 
  how can you put somebody at the seat of us president ? 
  sanctions do n't help ukraine anyway , so there is no point in `` feeling bad '' for it any more than you do now . 
  people are fed up with previous left populism already . 
  blm is left populism . 
  radical feminism is left populism . 
  most oppression `` issues '' are left populism . 
  why are you mixing languages ? 
   saint , not sankt . 
   that 's what caused the 2008 crash . 
  in what world fractional-reserve banking is equal to deregulation ? 
  in real one it 's the polar opposite !, 
  even hitler was putin 's puppet , did you know that ? 
  so that they could be hacked . 
  corruption in post-soviet states ? 
  wow , that 's something new . 
  i would choose a populist over a systematic corrupt , so not really bad . 
  this is not how politics work . 
  he can say whatever he wants , it 's not for him to decide . 
  i catch myself thinking that everyone talks like putin is some kind of superman . 
  there will be another populist who will pretend to be fighting corruption and other major problems . 
  look at russian electorate . 
  majority is too concerned about imperialism , faith , `` putin is our tsar '' , anti-westernism and other bullshit . 
  opposition is basically a bunch of cargo-cultists with radical anti-putin rhetoric that has nothing to offer in return . 
  in the last election they were voting for maltsev ( for the party he represented , to be precise ) just because of his anti-putin speeches , while he was a cpsu member and one of the creators of the ruling party . 
  both of these categories are strongly pro-welfare . 
  this . 
  socialists somehow switched to people who have enough money already , so they do n't experience financial problems related to costs of `` green '' things or high taxes . 
  you ca n't care about this bullshit when you have to think whether you have something to eat the next day . 
  he has led russia from being an anarchic backwater to being an oligarchic backwater . 
  our hackers also went back in time to dissolve hre . 
  war between ... ? 
  nothing will change . 
  why ? 
  this is childish . 
  both demanding to play it and playing this . 
  wtf is wrong with you , pal ? 
  depends on the language . 
  for example , i 'm able to understand ukranian and sometimes polish . 
  i agree . 
  hard work must be punished with death . 
  most of russian elite can be called evil , because `` good '' part of it did n't make it through the 90s . 
  that 's not true . 
  if i raise him properly , there wo n't be such problem in the first place . 
  if it does happen though , i would try to talk to him ( what if he has some problems with socialization or i can convice him to keep going to school or home schooling is a viable option ? ) . 
  if i fail , i 'll take him to the psychologist or psychiatrist . 
  if this does n't work either , i 'll threaten him with sending him to the boarding school , where he will learn that freedom with responsibilities is better than lack of them both . 
  there are regulations for homeschooling - exams , certicifactions , commisions , etc. 
  this part is okay . 
  however , there are no exact procedures for dealing with families whose children voluntarily do n't go to school at all . 
  so what happens if , for example , an orphan refuses to go to school ? 
  legislative fallacy . 
  there are many of these . 
   ergo you must think that withholding education i did n't say anything about withholding education . 
  it does hurt the rights of the child . 
  stop putting words into my mouth . 
   you must believe that a child does n't have a right to an education as always , wrong logical premise leads to wrong conclusion . 
   typical islamophobic doublethink i would say exactly the same if it was a christian church . 
  stop putting thoughts into my head . 
  i do n't know who i are you arguing with , but it 's definetely not me . 
  good luck . 
  formally it is , but the * fact of child not going to school * alone is not a valid reason for deprivation of parental rights . 
   children have a right to an education . 
  could you point out where did i say otherwise ? 
  have you even read my comment ? 
  you 're either lying through your teeth or you think that a child have an obligation to get an education . 
  i live in russia all my life , and have n't seen - not even once - someone without an education . 
  yes , here you ca n't deprive someone of parental rights for his child not going to school . 
  yes , it does . 
  the state should n't pry into upbringing in family , unless it 's hurts the rights of the child . 
  and we had this system working well , but it 'll be over soon , as now we have a brand new pro-stalin minister of education who says that there should n't be an equal dialogue between the school and the family . 
  as it seems , there is n't this kind of dialogue in european schools either . 
  etatism at its finest . 
  by my logic , it should n't be mandatory in secular school . 
   why not ? 
  because it means that the state is taking over the family . 
  no , russia is going back to its soviet roots . 
  there is nothing nationalistic in current policies . 
  why would you make a school trip to currently functioning religious building ? 
  and fining somebody for making a child miss one day in school is not normal . 
  should n't be , at least . 
  the game loses half of its charm with non-slavic translation . 
  exactly . 
  that 's just a current `` agenda trend '' in these two countries . 
  that 's not about grammar , that 's about history . 
  there were n't any consistent traditionally/historically close relationships , even in 19xx-s when both countries were socialitic . 
  `` traditionally '' ? 
  neither it is in russian , though it 's being used in a negative way mostly . 
  tear and share !!, 
  for some reason i read `` leds '' as `` ieds '' and thought why on earth this fucked up joke is being upvoted .
