  you have voices in your head ? 
  what ` guys ' are you talking to ? 
  keep this shit to someone else . 
  absurdizing my point does n't make yours right , it 's just pure demagogy . 
  you have a proof - give it to me ; if you do n't - stfu . 
  first of all , russian involvement in this is not proved . 
  secondly , even if it was , the fact that these emails exist is far worse . 
  murderers deserve execution wall , not prisons . 
  what else should we not do ? 
  and , by the way , russian elections are actually democratic . 
  even with these tamperings , the majority supports putin , whether you or i like it or not . 
  bring me my tin foil hat !, 
  it 's funny how everybody discusses who leaked these emails instead of what is written there . 
  i see the state as corporate property . 
  and there is nothing wrong in not wanting to give it away . 
  i would be offended . 
  now it 's even easier , as weapons from unkraine significantly enlarged illegal arms market . 
  politics is always doublefacing . 
  how many records are left there ? 
  she should be saving europe instead . 
  it 's still kinda vague . 
  but where 's the line ? 
  if a big percentage of people in spain ( as a whole ) are against the referendum , should the state care about catalan people in particular ? 
  and if the answer is yes , can a single person proclaim independence from the state ? 
  in theory , it can be a good way to cover yourself though . 
  you 're sick . 
  people like you are the reason that right wing was being hated for so long time . 
  being reasonable means not writing anything at all . 
  we 've all failed the test . 
  you 've just compared comments in reddit with religious henocide . 
  your head is just full of shit . 
  you chose this , europe . 
  refugees fucking welcome . 
  stop this bullshit already , jeez . 
  stop demonising them already . 
  yep . 
  that 's what europe needs - using force . 
  nah , these are probably some outsiders , not locals . 
  anyway , the situation here is thousands times better than in europe . 
  i have n't seen burka for like 10 years already , and things like hijabs are really uncommon too . 
  and , more importantly , we have no terrorist attacks here . 
  hell , even in dark 90s muslim communities were n't scary here . 
  but they had several centuries to integrate , and integration was harsh . 
  we do have a lot of regulations on cars , traffic control and etc. 
  no regulations over muslim communities , though . 
  meanwhile : ...  2 . 
  every empire ... 1 . 
  all these things are not the argument . 
  this does n't change anything . 
  this has nothing to do with politics . 
  where are these empires now ? 
  lebanon have already proven that christian-muslim country idea is a failure . 
  it takes too much times for muslims to deradicalize . 
  wtf ? 
  how about driving this shit-tear population out of the country instead of leaving it for them to plunder ? 
  what 's your point ? 
  well , we have a formal 13 % tax rate in russia , but in the end about 50 % of profit ends up in the hands of the state , as other ~ 40 % are not counted as taxes , but they 're still mandatory . 
  government should lower the tax burden and draw foreign capital . 
  but they would n't do that , because `` what about muh poor people , they need social assistance '' . 
  until the moment when there will be nobody to feed these `` muh poor people '', 
  oh , you mean those `` best '' things like greek genocide ? 
  mostly commies , not fascists . 
  anti-islamization military forces strike again . 
  hey , let 's have another drink !, 
  it 's not about `` brutal dictatorship '' at all . 
  we have no problems with muslims in tatarstan or bashkortostan , as they had several centuries to integrate . 
  integration was pretty brutal , though . 
  as a result , for example , many of our folk tales are about random tatar/bashkir guy tricking `` stupid evil russian noble '', 
  better to die together ? 
  good riddance . 
  the terrorist was from tunis . 
  what a fucking surprise . 
  like those who are being called refugees ? 
  good . 
  i would be in cell for any poster . 
  no , this is not true . 
  i call it annexation and nothing happened to me . 
  there is no nato or eu in ukraine to defend them . 
  baltic invasion most probably would lead to a full-scale conflict , and nobody in russia wants this to happen . 
  our economy is f *** ed enough already . 
  and yet nothing is going to happen . 
  capitalism does n't kill anyone . 
  it 's not an ideology that you can create by force . 
  it 's being mentioned , but as some unimportant stuff . 
  in schools back in my time , at least . 
  making any prognosis now is just stupid . 
  give uk and eu at least a year or so . 
  i understand that , but people come to _ have fun _ watching football . 
  in these moments i feel like i 'm judged for being joyful . 
  i do n't really get this `` minute of silence '' tradition . 
  russia is not going to fight with europe . 
  at first , it could steamroll eastern europe easily , but in long term any perspectives of major conflict are non-existent . 
  this is n't going to become true if you repeat it over and over and over . 
  so everything you write here is a joke ? 
  not going to happen . 
  1 ) belarus has too strong ties with russia . 
  2 ) politicians wo n't give away their feeders . 
  eu superstate establishment is on the way . 
  communist authoritarianism , after all ? 
  for what cause ?
