  yes you have people from the us founding fathers who said great things like this  freedom of speech is a principal pillar of a free government ; when this support is taken away , the constitution of a free society is dissolved , and tyranny is erected on its ruins . 
  republics and limited monarchies derive their strength and vigor from a popular examination into the action of the magistrates . 
  but also said this of germans  why should the palatine boors be suffered to swarm into our settlements , and by herding together establish their language and manners to the exclusion of ours ? 
  why should pennsylvania , founded by the english , become a colony of aliens , who will shortly be so numerous as to germanize us instead of our anglifying them , and will never adopt our language or customs , any more than they can acquire our complexion . 
   if the fat hag living next to you was the queen , you would be calling her the mother of your nation . 
  the queen is n't super human , neither is n't your balding prince . 
  i happen to personally love the queen , but you 're entitled to your opinion . 
   yes , it is a matter of time before our overlords usa collapses , thus making us europeans weak against dictatorial superpowers such as china and russia . 
  i think that 's a military issue , no ? 
  we are still military allies , will still keep our troops in eastern europe etc. 
   the eu makes sure europe will rise as a prosperous union , pretty much like usa except without the flawed political system . 
  but the eu is n't doing that for a lot of people , and you would have to be a fool to think that the eu 's political system as is is n't flawed . 
  even pro-eu people admit that the whole thing needs a lot of work . 
   most people like to believe in right wing propaganda . 
  because they provide simple explanations to very complex issues . 
  so you 're going to dismiss everyone 's concerns as propaganda ? 
  that 's a good way to breed resentment and break up your precious union . 
   yes , those immigrants are taking our jerbs !!, 
  no seriously , eu has done so much good to make europe more competitive in our globalized world . 
  free movement within eu is something we should celebrate , not avoid . 
  well apparently a lot of people are n't celebrating , so what are you going to do to make and keep people satisfied to keep your eu alive ? 
  as we saw , dismissing concerns with patronising people , mocking them , insulting them , calling them xenophobes does n't work . 
  so you 're either going to have to reform europe or the people will become increasingly unhappy . 
  british people are n't unique in the fact that we were n't getting satisfied from the eu , how will you keep other nations in if you do n't make reforms ? 
   you have no special relationships with your countrymen as with any other foreigner . 
  actually i do , they 're my people from my country . 
   i can call whoever i want a pig , you can , but it makes you a very rude person . 
   there are relatively many people whom i refer to as pigs in my own country great . 
  ** may i just say , your rabid nationalism for europe ( yes , this kind of violent pro-europeanism you 're displaying is a form of nationalism ) and combative/alarmist tone is bizarre . 
  i think you may need psychological help . 
  really sorry about the act of racially motivated terrorism that happened in texas . 
  my deepest condolences to their families and sympathy to your country . 
  the uk will stand with our cousins in their time of need . 
  yes , it 's much harder to be difficult and demand outlandish things like a legal wage or workplace safety when you do n't speak the language and everything is dictated to you by a well paid bilingual foreman . 
  yes , many of them want the right . 
  but it is n't a right in the uk , having a vote is one of the privileges of being an adult . 
  i 'm 19 , i wanted the vote at 16 but now i do n't think it 's a good idea . 
  when you 're a child it 's for the adults to decide . 
  [ ipsos mori poll ] ( http://i.imgur.com/h0k68nn.jpg ) the indy is basically buzzfeed tier by the way , it 's the daily express of the left . 
   yes , you queen was democratically elected as well . 
  no she is n't . 
  thankfully she does n't have much power and is basically just the mother of our nation . 
   you chose a future where foreign interests can exploit divide and conquer tactics to make europe history . 
  europe needs to be united in order to survive . 
  it will be thanks to you 52 % of the voters who will be remembered as the pigs who ruined everything . 
  what do you mean making europe history ? 
  what do you mean by survive ? 
  is there a physical threat to the survival of the people 's of europe ? 
  are you talking about the european project ? 
  it 's survival depends on making sure that the majority of people in each member state are happy with the way things are going . 
  most out voters were n't people who voted out because of an ideologically stance against supranational organisations or the concept of european cooperation , those were a distinct minority most out voters were people who were deeply unsatisfied with europe and decided they did n't want to be part of it anymore . 
  to keep this from happening in other places the eu should reform so that more people are satisfied . 
  do n't call my countrymen pigs . 
  yeah honestly i did n't know . 
  i thought they just tease the bull and make it angry so it charges , not * stab * it . 
  i 'm not an animal rights nutter but that 's abuse and should be banned . 
  you 're posting youtube videos , but the polls contradict you . 
  we all like our narratives do n't we ... 
   normally , when big businesses open ` huge ' plants/warehouses/offices in provincial areas they create a demand for workforce which is supplied by new arrivals . 
  or from the other anlge : people move where jobs are . 
  basic stuff . 
  in my village and the surrounding area there are thousands of unemployed people , people literally lined up for jobs when the place opened . 
   are you saying there was enough local ` talent ' in your village sitting idle since thatcher closed the coal mines ? 
  yes , if not here in my village than in the immediate area . 
   i hate to break it to you , but in or outside europe , low skilled immobile workers are going to be losers in the competetive global market . 
  yes , neoliberal ultra capitalism leads to lots of people getting fucked . 
  i know . 
  i just wish that if they were n't going to employ us they would n't have built it here . 
  they could 've built it somewhere where it would n't have been such a big deal . 
   people are not allowed to march for what they believe in ? 
  the voice of the 52 % of the 72 % of the electorate does not mean the right of the 48 % of the 72 % of the electorate to voice their opinion is removed . 
  people are allowed to march for whatever they want i just thing it 's a bit ridiculous , however the 72 % turnout ( exceptionally high ) is meaningless since when you do n't go vote you cede your fate to those who do . 
   in fact , what about all the younger people ( 16-17 year olds ) who could n't vote as well ? 
  are they not allowed to march for their future for what they believe in ? 
  16 and 17 year olds do not legally have voting rights , that 's simply how it is . 
  voting is something for adults , not children . 
  we do have a constitution , an uncodified one https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constitution_of_the_united_kingdom, 
  rich people never say `` i 'm rich '', 
  ethnic minority britons voted to remain 3/5ths . 
  the only ethnic minorities that went for leave by a majority were british jews ( who coincidentally come from what is now the eu - germany and poland - originally ) and british sikhs ( which is what probably pushed leicester which is like 1/6 sikh to leave ) , heavily black places like lambeth/lewisham/hackney boroughs in london and heavily muslim places like tower hamlets and newham in london were the most pro-remain in the nation . 
  even in birmingham which slimly went for leave the wards with high bame demographics went for remain . 
   david cameron promised us the referendum during his election campaign , not `` parliament '' you do know that parliament voted to give us a referendum right ? 
   and we do n't have a constitution you fucking twit i 'm the twit ? 
  we have an uncodified constitution as opposed to an american style one , but we certainly have one . 
  this is basic stuff . 
   i guess all of scotland must be doing the snp too then . 
  those uppity scots , they ruined scotland !, 
  voting to remain is n't a proxy vote for the snp , [ here 's a better map for you by the way ] ( https://www.thesun.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/2808174.main_image.jpg ) . 
  you seem to have a real chip on your shoulder mate , you should really get over yourself . 
   that 's ironic because mob rule is what voted us out . 
  our parliament decided to give us a referendum on a constitutional issue . 
   millions of poor , poorly educated and ignorant pepole voted against their self-interestes because their shitty tabloid newspapers told them to . 
  you 're one to talk about poorly educated when you ca n't spell . 
  what do you propose we do , repeal the reform acts and take away suffrage from the poor ? 
  those without higher education ? 
  use the government to shut down the free press ? 
  look at what you said , look at what you sound like . 
  absolutely disgusting rhetoric , who do you think you are to talk about millions of people in such a disparaging way ? 
  who raised you to think that you 're superior ? 
  everyone who voted leave or remain is an equal citizen with equal rights to vote however they want , and since this is a free country with a free press the press is sometimes going to say things that make you upset .
