vive la france, 
  duolingo also if you were born in poland i 'm assuming your parents are polish and can teach you some right ? 
  they supported the coalition . 
  yes that . 
  by the way , i prefer cyprus for holidays . 
  better english skills nicer people . 
  we bought them fairly from the earl of elgin who got a legal permit from the sublime porte to do excavations . 
  if the greeks want them they should make an offer . 
  yes it was a humungous problem trying to get abu qatada deported , and right now it 's blocking the deportation of a palestinian with israeli citizenship who was running a cocaine operation in lancashire, 
  ireland only has the schengen opt out because of the uk and our shared border . 
  if they 're going independent i do n't want them using our pound they should make their own currency and have their own central banking system like a real country . 
  as much as i would like them to go however i do n't think they will : /, 
  i 'm saying spanish might be easier because of the latin roots and because of the alphabet , russian you have to start from base . 
  slavic languages are very difficult and the cyrillic alphabet is crazy . 
  having breasts does affect your physical capabilities , that 's a fact . 
  it 's become a meme around continentals etc that scots are all good and obedient europeans unlike those pesky english . 
  they 're not going to be able to be in schengen if they want an open border with england ( they do ) and they likely would n't join the euro . 
  i always saw them as centre lefties , not quite nick clegg more like tony blair or gordon brown . 
  it 's funny how there 's this meme going around that somehow scots are some kind of anti-english masterrace . 
  personally i support independence and having the same relationship with the scots as we do with canada . 
  seperate countries , shared monarch in the commonwealth . 
  i love how the grauniad is stumping for theresa may now . 
  russian is a prettier language than spanish and their women are hotter . 
  spanish is probably easier though . 
  she unfortunately reneged on removing us from the echr, 
  that whole thing is so great, 
   we are all now equally unwelcome the irish will be allowed to come here regardless look up the cta, 
  i 'm happy to be an exception . 
  yes , as if anyone getting a divorce does n't do that, 
  unless you 're cutting off their breasts they 're not going to have the same physical capabilities even if they 've the same strength, 
  greece is a mess . 
  feel sorry for you people . 
  it 's called `` getting our ducks in a row '' just like before you tell your spouse and then go to the courts to ask for a divorce you make sure you have a place to stay and a source of income to feed yourself . 
  it says for jan-dec 2015 it 's 7.5 % lower than i expected . 
  is there anyway to find figures on underemployment ? 
  because working on a zero hour contract getting 12 hours a week at the supermarket means you 're employed but not enough to survive . 
  i 'm curious now . 
  i would 've rather hitler/stalin/pol pot be tried and jailed for life . 
  as for maggie she destroyed my community and [ this is how i feel about her ] ( http://youtu.be/-mrbvibuijs ) but i thought it was disgusting when people celebrated her death . 
  gay people do n't have different physical biology to their hetero counterparts . 
  do you actually know any soldiers ? 
  the various militias etc we fight in africa and the middle east who see women as cattle . 
   the mere presence of women may jepardise missions ? 
  christ am i speaking to someone in the 40s ? 
  the same arguments were given to prevent gay or trans people from fighting . 
  appealing to the current year is meaningless . 
  the difference is that most people are n't gay , they 're straight and thus there is a higher likelihood of attachments forming . 
  it does compromise missions when emotions get involved . 
  all this is going to lead to is missions getting fucked because some chad wants to be a hero and save girls life , or to a woman solider winding up in a rape dungeon somewhere in the middle east . 
  til biological realities are backwards stereotypes plenty of kurdish women have been captured and brutally raped , no thanks . 
  additionally , men might develop a protection instinct towards their female comrades and jeopardise the mission to save them . 
  this is wrong on so many levels . 
  women have a place in our military but they do n't belong on the front lines . 
  biologically men have more physical strength than women , additionally if women get captured in combat they 'll wind up being raped and sold into sex slavery . 
  woman do n't belong on the front lines . 
  did you read what i just said ? 
  it 's a majority but not all of the leave voters however in fptp 30 % can make a huge difference . 
  remember the tories have a majority with 36 % of the vote . 
  i just saw a poll that said the majority of leave voters would rather leave the single market and take the hit economically than keep free movement . 
  mind you that 's about 30 % of the population but definitely enough to hit the tories and labour in marginals . 
  in south yorkshire it is a lot higher mate, 
  why do you mean source ? 
  it 's an anecdote ? 
  you want an article about people applying for a job ? 
  i live in an area that 's been solid labour forever , local authority voted 68 % to leave . 
  if they fuck up brexit i reckon almost every vote that went tory ( 23 % ) will go to ukip ( 25 % ) and lots of labour voters ( 46 % ) will switch as well . 
  going the eea route would lead to a ukip surge , the tories wo n't risk their position . 
  the best highest quality fabrics !, 
  in , but not of . 
  lots of people physically lined up to apply . 
  it was a very big deal locally . 
  i was thinking this http://youtu.be/inbxu-iy7cw, 
  a lot of the dup seats in ni went for leave . 
  east belfast and lagan valley for instance . 
  can dancing queen by abba be our anthem ? 
  we shall achieve victory with our fabulous decorating skills and superior sassiness, 
   you have a way of expecting not to have your comfort challenged , and have a disproportionately privileged life , for relatively very little contribution . 
  you have a very skewed vision of this country ? 
  do you think we all strive to live like gentry ? 
   why do you think you should n't struggle to make ends meet with 6 kids and no higher education ? 
  you 're not entitled to luxury , but nobody absolutely nobody from a country as rich as this should go to bed hungry or not have a bed at all . 
   what makes people over there think they are owed something ? 
  opportunities ? 
   how come everybody expects to be given a council house ? 
  well basic housing is sort of a human right , council housing just means that the local authority or a housing associate is your landlord instead of the government . 
  people need homes . 
  a place to sleep is n't a privilege it 's a right . 
   i am by no means under the impression that this all that britain is , i know this is the underbelly , so please do n't accuse me of thinking an immigrant is entitled more than a brit in his own country , and see this as a factual reality in which some immigrant might be entitled more than some brits , for no other reason than because some brits are n't supposed to be entitled to anything , as is the case wit that peculiar type of `` uninvolved `` individual , whatever his nationality . 
  a very skewed perception of my country . 
  homoimperium sounds pretty epic . 
  you 're doing a real disservice to your people by acting like you 're superior too and entitled to more than my people in my country . 
  also in your original post you spoke of unions as a bad thing ? 
  where i live is famous for a very long strike where we fought for our jobs and our futures . 
  why are you anti-union ? 
  it 's for a very well known website that ships things across the uk, 
  technically a village . 
  you mean police doing their job ? 
  what happened in dallas was terrorism, 
   is it because the uneducated alcoholic village idiots this opener made me ignore you , you 're a very classist and bigoted person . 
  nobody local got hired .
