  deal with that . 
  i 'm just saying that a lot of people who are inclined to believe in a united states of europe and are treating him as some kind of always right wise man because he said something to that nature probably would n't agree with those quotes . 
  all your showing me is more links to more articles from the independent . 
  that 's like me sending you links to the express . 
  meaningless . 
  can i have some polling data ? 
   paddy is n't suggesting remain was right because honourable freedom fighter `` big '' ger adams voted it , paddy is suggesting that because literally every metric and expert available supported it . 
  you know , like the bank of england and the british school of economics and the city of london and the prime minister and the former leader of the opposition and oh look the currency 's crashed and there 's capital flight from london and scotland 's calling for independance again . 
  but you know , you guys had donald trump and marine la pen and vladimir putin supporting you , so you probably have britains best interests in heart over everyone else . 
  bankers surely have the interest of the little people at heart , that 's right . 
  the currency dipped , less so than black wednesday and black wednesday turned out to be the best thing for the country since it got us out of the erm and thus the euro . 
  the snp is doing the snp , if we voted remain they would call for independence too . 
  the snp is a scottish independence party , them calling for independence is like tories calling for privatising things or communists calling for workers controlling the means of production . 
  i ai n't worried . 
  yes , articles from the independent including the one about the petition which was proven to have had signatures heavily manipulated with 10s of thousands coming from vatican city and north korea . 
  the others are an article from the sun supporting my point , and the speccie . 
  all the `` regrexit '' shite is coming from the independent which is basically buzzfeed tier at this point , it 's declined in quality for the past years and is now all clickbait . 
  find me reputable polling data like the poll i referenced from ipsos mori that supports your point . 
   well that 's because a leave voter murdered a woman because she was a remain politician two weeks ago mate . 
  and then you voted to support him . 
  and he was roundly condemned . 
  [ anjem choudry supported remain ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/06/22/anjem-choudary-backs-remain-campaign-as-eu-protects-against-depo/ ) , and so did [ terrorists like gerry adams and martin mcguinness ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/sinn-f\u00e9in-to-campaign-against-brexit-in-eu-referendum-1.2476720 ) ... so what ? 
   the most pro-brexit paper that openly announced it 's bias 6 months prior to the referendum ? 
   yeah probably mate . 
  might taint what they publish , you know , openly saying that 's what you 're going to do and all . 
  `` reputable newspapers are only reputable if they support my viewpoint ''  no mate , being a xenophobe makes you a nazi . 
  lol . 
   see ? 
  ignorance , xenophobia and ultranationalism mate . 
  you 're a nazi . 
  like , that 's literally all the checkmarks ticked . 
  you . 
  are . 
  a. nazi . 
  and you are a moron . 
  the article is literally making that point . 
  is it paywalled for you i can copy paste it . 
  they used boston , lincolnshire as an example . 
  foreign born percentage is about 10 % , less than the national average ( 13 % ) and much less than parts of london but the difference is that the foreign born population increased 500 % in the last decade . 
   articles from the indy, 
   you need to read a newspaper that does n't have the tits of kerry , 18 , from essex on them mate . 
  they have those too like the telegraph ? 
   keep going goering . 
  pulling up polling data makes me a nazi ? 
  facts are literally hitler now . 
  if i recall correctly it was my country that fought with everything we had to destroy the nazis [ while the irish supported hitler ] ( http://youtu.be/s2d80ctek7w ) . 
  my eyes are rolling so far back i can see what my cerebral cortex looks like , btw, 
   oh not much . 
  have a currency that is n't jumping from buildings , because the eurozone has great , great prospects lol the pound dipped when we left the erm as well , that turned out pretty well nobody thinks we should 've joined the euro . 
   not murder women because they support staying in the eu ? 
  lmao , an irishman talking to me about political violence https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brighton_hotel_bombing https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/birmingham_pub_bombings https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/omagh_bombing pot calling the kettle black, 
   stop reading buzzfeed for your political coverage mate . 
  no , that 's what you should do my friend . 
  since that 's where this regrexit shite is coming from . 
   and stop asking dave from the pub to pass you polls - sorry , poll - that do n't support your viewpoint . 
  want more ? 
  i can pull up more . 
  there 's some from britainelects as well . 
  keep convincing yourself that you 're right though lol, 
  it 's about the change in percentage , if the % of foreign born shot up quickly an area was more likely to vote leave . 
  also areas with long term sustained migration become self selecting because people who do n't like it move out eventually , and people of foreign heritage make a large enough percentage of the voting population that it swings it . 
  [ ipsos mori disagrees with you ] ( http://i.imgur.com/h0k68nn.jpg ) but do tell me more ? 
  since you in ireland seem to know more about the country i live in than one of the most reputable polling companies . 
  interesting and something i definitely see . 
  i live in a village near a large-ish city that has had a lot of ( mostly non-eu ) immigration to work in its ( now defunct ) industry but my village never had much since all that was here was mines and now they 're closed ... however we got a huge distribution centre not too long ago and since then a lot of eastern europeans moved to the area . 
  this upset a lot of people because of the influx and because we thought those jobs were supposed to be for us . 
  my local authority which includes a city of 90k and over 200k people all together went 68 % for leave but i would bet anything my village ( 10k ) went 10-20 % more for it . 
  yeah , the terms of the referendum were simple majority . 
  not a supermajority ( 60 % + ) and not a best of 3 . 
  we knew it was going to be close either way . 
  really throws me off to see these anti-brexit rallies , literally marching against democracy . 
  i 've even seen people calling for the queen to step in , i bet they would n't like if the queen stepped in to say she supported the result . 
  it 's one thing to be upset about the vote , it 's another to call for the government to disregard the largest mandate for a single thing in all of our history . 
  democracy is n't mob rule , but our representative parliament decided that for such a large constitutional question it should go directly to the people since after all it is our country . 
  i always thought they just waved that red cape in front of them and the colour of it made the bull cross , like teasing a dog . 
  i did n't know they stab it . 
  you know that song hotel california ? 
   whatever 's left of them more remain voters regret their vote than leave voters according to polls, 
  still it 's never good when someone dies . 
  i did not know that , i thought they just egg it on . 
  a human dying is n't good news . 
  election boycotts are retarded , whether you view it as legitimate or not you 've no right at all to complain about the result if you did n't vote . 
  ginsberg was a prolific paedophile and early member of the north american man-boy love association and kerouac was a degenerate drunk and overrated author ( on the road is an awful , boring read ) ... burroughs was the only one with any literary talent at all . 
  i was thinking of this one :  how dreadful are the curses which mohammedanism lays on its votaries !, 
  besides the fanatical frenzy , which is as dangerous in a man as hydrophobia in a dog , there is this fearful fatalistic apathy . 
  the effects are apparent in many countries . 
  improvident habits , slovenly systems of agriculture , sluggish methods of commerce , and insecurity of property exist wherever the followers of the prophet rule or live . 
  a degraded sensualism deprives this life of its grace and refinement ; the next of its dignity and sanctity . 
  the fact that in mohammedan law every woman must belong to some man as his absolute property , either as a child , a wife , or a concubine , must delay the final extinction of slavery until the faith of islam has ceased to be a great power among men . 
  individual moslems may show splendid qualities . 
  thousands become the brave and loyal soldiers of the queen ; all know how to die ; but the influence of the religion paralyses the social development of those who follow it . 
  no stronger retrograde force exists in the world . 
  far from being moribund , mohammedanism is a militant and proselytizing faith . 
  it has already spread throughout central africa , raising fearless warriors at every step ; and were it not that christianity is sheltered in the strong arms of science , the science against which it had vainly struggled , the civilisation of modern europe might fall , as fell the civilisation of ancient rome . 
  or this one  i propose that 100,000 degenerate britons should be forcibly sterilized and others put in labour camps to halt the decline of the british race . 
  erasmus , the bologna process , the euro , eurovision , uefa , `` european '' capital of culture , european driving licence , ehic , european culture month , european library ... i could go on, 
  yes , there has been a move to create a pan european culture . 
  i do n't think they would try to make all of europe one nation state ( like poland for instance ) but into a united states of america thing . 
  one overarching culture with regional differences . 
  european states are n't exactly ethnically homogenous , but even with regional differences there is a french/german/italian culture and national ethos .
