can you explain the chart please ? 
  my grandma in my case , fuck man ... just fuck ... 
  sad . 
  let me specify . 
   or background of that guy . 
  got it ? 
   i actually do not give a damn about the religion or background of that guy . 
  well , i think you should then . 
  why is this not being upvoted ? ... 
  are you for real ? 
  where the hell do you want to go with your answers ? 
  he is probably an ex-refugee that now resides in germany , defending the mass migration because it suits him . 
  what about those bringing the war ? 
  good times to be a poor country nowadays , do n't need to receive this mass coming . 
  we believe in you . 
  one more eternal question , privacy vs security . 
  edit : to the downvoters , enlighten me with your 100 % sharp answer to this question . 
  all the greens end in `` o '' besides portugal , chipre ( cyprus ) and irlanda do norte ( northern ireland ) . 
  well , regardless , we can say the body-count is increasing and it 's not pretty to witness even though there is no political gain . 
  no portugal ? 
  you bastards !, 
  we love prague tho . 
  reading this made my stomach turn around . 
  no , only uk , because i hate you guys . 
  that 's what you want to hear ? 
  i think most uk flagged users are seeing this post as some sort of attack to their country . . wtf ?!, 
  i just stumbled over an article and decided to someone to shed some light ... geez just chill english people . 
  ok , first of all i should 've said european wise ( even here you guys are 4th/5th though ) i thought it was the 1st , but still would have regarded 2nd after them . 
  and honestly did n't know the amount of the us one , its f massive . 
  guess i 'm not aware of the reality . 
  saw the news a while back , its pretty bad . 
  different contexts , you ca n't compare . 
  i saw live from euronews , they said the rally turned violent . 
  good guy hans , always listening to shitty problems . 
  i can accept that answer . 
  can you please give some context to what 's happening then . 
   i prefer crazy right wing guys in the tv than worrying for my relatives . 
  you know nothing boy . 
  yeah , i kinda understood the way he writes and the excuse he is using to mix topics that might flag him as one . 
   love my hungarian brothers and sisters . 
  do n't know why , but he flagged himself in the first sentence for me lol . 
  man , what the hell are you talking about ? 
  are you not aware of what 's happening in your country ? 
  * edit : * i think you really need this [ link ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/orban-media-playbook-coming-to-poland-media-law-human-rights-european-values/ ) . 
  posted by / u/saltysolomon . 
  yeah , i guess i should 've specified a bit lol , the number of people arrested vs the amount that did , very bad ratio . 
  i know it must be a daunting work right now , but what a joke . 
  ok , gon na throw a unbiased opinion here so calm down with the downvotes . 
  i think what he is trying to say is that the fact that the student is trying to remove a statue that represent a person whose scholarship he is using , shows that he feels so right about this that he does n't care about himself ( because his scholarship might get affected or not ) . 
  now , would he gladly discard his current scholarship and get the statue removed ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  is this it / u/txapollo342 ? 
  that 's the typical portuguese expense sheet , have a good car to show off ... transversal to most people in here . 
  but i am talking about country wise , and in that sense that are a lot of people struggling to make a decent living , i just classify a country as rich when a grand share of the population lives at least comfortably . 
  yes , we are a poor country . 
  why not ? 
  maybe the reason he did this has or had anything to do with the race he is ... or not , true that . 
  why always cover up this subject ? 
  i really do n't understand . 
  * yes , we also agree that eastern countries are not dealing the migrants situation correctly . 
  * ps : this is un 's answer to your question . 
  two kind of gipsies in portugal . 
  the ones who come straight from romania , that are as / u/projectmayhem666 described . 
  and the ones who are born in here ( dunno how they got here , dunno they background history ) that live on welfares , destroy everything around them , live on trafficking ilegal stuff , scare people because they live in fucking herds , do n't pay taxes , live on social everything , are rude and violent . 
   this is really recent news . 
  man i think it 's easy to see if he is white , brown , black , etc. . . what everyone wants to know if you know what i mean . 
  sweden , here i come !, 
  ur nans reaction when oi giv her sum surprise butsexxx , y' oll m8 , giv me a glass of pint ini . 
  fuck man , we hindus are always forgotten . 
  besides housing , and car insurances , what is really more expensive in the uk compared to portugal ? 
  i lived there and if i searched for the best prices , they were far more cheaper then portugal , sad . 
  portugal ? 
  hello . 
  what is this ` money ' you keep talking about ? 
  i call inside bombing to have an excuse to stop anti-putin protests . 
  i think you should have given some context in the title , like ... ` portugal from space following the killer wildfires that are currently on ' . 
  it 's just that maybe some people may think it 's a space shot for no special reason . 
  lisbon is completely grey probably because of the smoke coming from the wildfires ... completely surreal . 
  62 deaths and counting is a completely mindfuck of deaths by fire ... props to all the brave man fighting the fires . 
  if only submarines would be helpful at fighting wildfires ... stupid fucking politicians . 
  capitalist world , war as an industry . 
  when i mean capitalist , i do n't mean as only the countries practicing that regime , i 'm saying tought wise ... you want to me to change the words ? 
  sure . 
  fuck this pig ass money seeking world . 
  never said that !, 
  i am saying making arms deal with the biggest fucking provider of resources to terrorists is n't gon na help bring down terrorism as a whole . 
  i 'm saying money is making a lot of countries close their eyes to the real pawn movers in terrorism . 
  and i ask you back , what do you think europe should do ? 
  close borders ? 
  bring nationalism back ? 
  do n't wan na generalize , but eastern people are known for their nationalist ideas ... sorry if you 're not one of them , my bad . 
  c'mon , remove the eye covers , directly probably not , but indirectly yes ... and ca n't even bother to answer you with a proper answer . 
  gon na sleep , i 'll answer you tomorrow if i have the patience . 
  much love to my fellow brits < 3 . 
  off . 
  fucking disgusting ... and not days ago we have news of a president closing an arms deal worth $ 100b with the country that finances terrorism , fuck this pig ass capitalist world . 
  i was googling on maps to see the path refugees take and curiosity stroke me as media are always talking about hungary 's border policies and the exodus taking there , what is the view and the reality on the countries that are used as passing point ? 
  ps : sorry if anything is mispelled or grammaticaly incorrect . 
  thanks in advance . 
  i saw an article ( will search for it again ) that quoted that the uk national debt is being disregarded but has the potential to be the next burst/collapse in the world economy , with repercussions similar to the '08 housing bubble .
