  please do n't suicide , it 's a permament solution for a temporary problem . 
  life gets better as you go on . 
  good luck, 
  wait , so your dad knows you 've tried suiciding . 
  you need some counseling ( i do n't know if i spelled corectly ) , i heard it helps . 
  thank you for your story . 
  stay strong . 
  yes !!!!!!, 
  finally heatpacks !!!!, 
  me and a few good friends used to run a heatpack cartel back in the mod . 
  basically we had this crazy idea of selling heatpacks as drugs . 
  there is only one way to use a heatpack as a drug . 
  you have to stick the chemicals up your bum and the the trip begins ... those good ol days, 
  has anyone else noticed an increase in hackers these 3 months ? 
  i 've met a lot of flying godmode players . 
  they should implement personal death messages . 
  when it says you are dead there should be a sign below saying by whom and when ( by your pc time ) you got killed . 
  so maybe that would help to get rid of a few hundreds of hackers . 
  mainly on third person servers . 
  wow wow wow . 
  hold on . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  so many movies i have seen ... 
  yet this is the only one which made me tear up :'(, 
  i also want to play harmonica . 
  can you link any good tutorials ? 
  i still have nightmares . 
  took me 45 hours to kill these two solo . 
  still worth it . 
  you can do much more with the `` inspect element '' option . 
  if you type a password into the password bar you will see it shows ******* or something . 
  you can highlight the dots and chose the option `` inspect element '' . 
  so you get then something like this :, 
  change the `` password '' to `` read '' . 
  you can see what kind of password it is . 
  now imagine if you get your hands on a friends computer , 
  digitalism - wolves ft. youngblood hawkes, 
  youngblood hawkes - we come running vicetone remix, 
  i love these two songs . 
  steam : zerodroidtv, 
  lol : chikkara ( euw ) nightmare2 ( eune ) ( both gold 5 ), 
  i play sum league but only if someone invites me . 
  csgo is where most of my free time goes to . 
  is it okay if i download it and use it as my ringtone and listen to it at school every day ? 
  great song !!, 
  what program/s you used ? 
  ( need a download link :d ), 
  thanks !, 
  download dayz commander , go to install/update , find epoch and click install . 
  i downvote all the comments that say ok on league of legends subreddit , rammus ( a playable champion ) posts . 
  mordekaiser without his core item will soon become the new urgot . 
  the lyrebird . 
  it can mimic sounds of all kind of things plus it has a nice tail . 
  16 yo male here . 
  my crush and i are in the same class 10th grade . 
  when she 's not around me i can speak really confidently to all of my female and male friends . 
  but when she is there i get really uncomfortable , because i catch here looking at me very often . 
  so i always have the feeling she is watching and judging me when she is around . 
  my confidence just dies every time she enters the classroom.i ca n't even say a full sentence to any of my female friends and not get shy . 
  because i live north of chernobyl ^ _ ^, 
  my window opened on it 's own . 
  does that count ? 
  [ this one is and will be the best till the end of times . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhlpaj38rhc ), 
  add me on eune pls op  nightmare2 i have never bought any skiens on this acc even tho i have it since jugment kayle, 
  in the shower or toilet of course . 
  at first yes , kinda . 
  later you get used to it . 
  oh how i wish i could finish high school faster and go to uni ... my brother is super anti-social and is always home . 
  i will never bring a girl to my place until i 'm sure he is not home . 
  even tho he is 15 , he acts like a 9 year old and ca n't even hold a normal conversation with anyone except mom/dad/grandparents , not even on the phone . 
  life is harsh . 
  0:37 look at that reach . 
  2 accounts . 
  1 is from s2 second one is from s3 . 
  judgement kayle skin on one and both accs received skin rewards for behaving . 
  0 $ spent  ( not counting the free alistar , trist , garen skins ), 
  all the time . 
  i even make up random scenarios , names , new backrounds , destinations and how i 'll live and make money ... 
  i could go on forever . 
  i 'm sorry that you had to go trough such a tragic loss . 
  i want to ask a question . 
  did you notice before that day if he was acting differently than ussual ? 
  shadow of chernobyl . 
  you still do n't know that mars one was a scam ? 
  it was announced on the news a while ago that the whole thing is shady . 
  you ca n't meet the participants , they have to pay a fee to a one way trip , nothing is organised ( files , documents ) . 
  my biology teacher thinks africa is a country . 
  still ca n't believe her . . 
  i had to play the whole game in offline mode ( fyi cracked xbox , pirated game . ) . 
  it took me 3 days of gameplay to beat orenstein and smough . 
  could not summon anything because i just simply ran out of humanity . 
  the feeling after beating this boss was ... majestic . 
  the person who photographed this lard was eaten . 
  result on the right . 
  emprss is a great artist . 
  he has 70 subs on his youtube channel but he makes incredible music . 
  check him out : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n3lm53i8tx0, 
  i went to sleep after creating the thread . 
  :d so you could say i started since then .
