  edit : a letter . 
  it 's only weird if you make it weird . 
  since this is happening when you are both happy , everyting is fine and i 'm not saying like you should punch her that she feels like it was a punch . 
  it just has to be a touch , just like brushing your hand . 
  just how friends do it . 
   i 've been trying to change myself this year , but people already only see me as that one awkward loser . 
  i know this feeling . 
  sadly , the only way to fix this is to start not giving a fuck . 
  first impressions is half the job and changing someones opinion , who has known you when you were awkward , is really hard . 
  best thing you can do right now is to go out and meet new people . 
  you 'll be able to create a better image of yourself to others since they wo n't know that you have been awkward in the past . 
  oh and the party thing . 
  try talking to party animals . 
  have some casual dude convo and talk about their last parties . 
  also , look interested in what they have to say . 
  people love to talk about themselves . 
  when they ask you about your experience , say you 've never been to a party and would like to try partying . 
  if you gained enough trust , they might invite you . 
  no problem !, 
  always happy to help a brother out whose in a situation i used to be . 
  meeting new people outside of school is actually easy but you have to do it alone . 
  do not take your friends out because you will focus on your friends rather than the people around you . 
  at first it might be awkward to go alone but after a few times you 'll get used to it . 
  now , where should you go to meet people ? 
  concerts or events around your town . 
  look for posters in your school or around the town . 
  also , check for events on fb . 
  just start initiating conversations with other people when you 're there and talk about the event or how you are looking for new friends and stuff . 
  try to slightly open up to people that you start talking to because that will create trust . 
  a simple `` what do you think about this event '' is a good conversation initiator . 
  good luck . 
  i loved the third game on ps1 . 
  i can still picture that first boss looking like a big bulbasaur with a spiky spine , rolling towards you . 
  my family used to watch us , kids , play it and be happy . 
  hit me, 
  ` the prize ' basically means are you chasing her or is she chasing you . 
  always become the prize . 
  makes everything so much easier . 
  this my opinion , so take anything that you find usefull . 
  in school if you ever decide to approach alone , do n't approach a set and do a direct approach . 
  you will feel judged and uncomfortable because it is an environment where you will have to see the target often . 
  and the girl will probably blow you off because she has social pressure around her ( school is a stressful place for many ) . 
  you could try opening a set with the best friends routine and starting a convo like that . 
  i recommend approaching girls when they are walking alone or sitting . 
  but imo it should also be indirect . 
  i 'm trying this atm with one girl . 
  will do a field report after a date . 
  i 'm going to guess you have like 10 minutes to work on her . 
  as long as you do this while walking confidently and talking slowly ( when nervous we tend to talk too fast ) it should work . 
  ( try to hold eye contact throughout the conversation ) `` hey are you going to the swim gym '' is a good opener . 
  it is indirect and natural . 
  plus `` lets walk together '' creates this positive vibe . 
  after that you can follow up with `` i like your style '' or some other compliment , then follow up with `` what 's your name '' and start the small talk . 
  if your not feeling the compliment just ask for her name and start small talking . 
  if the girl is interested even a bit to be friends or more , small talk ( about school , mutual friends , etc. ), 
  should be no problem . 
  this is where it gets more complicated . 
  every conversation is unique in a way even though pick up is linear . 
  the shift from small talk to meaningful conversation can take seconds or minutes or it could never happen . 
  this depends on a lot of different factors . 
  i suggest you either go with the flow or research more about it . 
  when you finally both reach the location , just say '' it was fun to talk . 
  do you have snapchat ? '' . 
  your main goal is to get her snapchat or fb ( preferably snapchat ) and continuing from there . 
  if all goes well , next time you meet her you act like her good friend and use some kino . 
  it 's very important in creating attraction . 
  do n't worry if you cringe later at some of the things you said . 
  we all need to fail to become good . 
  ps : i 'm also a beginner in seduction trying to get more experience . 
  thanks for the compliment my friend !, 
  i do n't know why but when playing league of legends i just sang that part `` blame it on my adc '' . 
  the teasing part is great . 
  it will make my daily interactions with her more fun :d, 
  thanks for your honest opinion mate . 
  that limitation you impose on yourself is what i need right now . 
  i 'm not a fan of verbal communication but i will try teasing . 
  yeah , you 're probably right . 
  after i start university ( last year of highschool ) i 'll be going all out and learning day game . 
  kalbasa and baton comrade is what you need, 
  main tip i can give you is to be honest . 
  for example : '' hi my name is nofapperbrazil . 
  i do n't really know anyone here . '', 
  that will start a conversation with you guys talking about people or each other . 
  have fun . 
  this would make the game more realistic . 
  there should be a mechanic study body . 
  studying body can sometimes mean life and death . 
  it would be even more advanced if you could pull the bullets out with some medical tools you find around this world . 
  i 'm imagining something like this : 3 gunshot wounds to the chest , the blood looks fresh . 
  cause of death : uncontrolled bleeding . 
  or something like this : open ( zombies bite and pull the skin and meat ) wrist , bitemarks on the neck , deeply scratched left cheek . 
  cause of death unknown . 
  ok so lets start with the idea : when you log into a server ( after death or a new character ) there could be an option letting to choose a player to be right or left handed . 
  this would only affect how the player is holding anything in his hands and can be seen by other players if he 's left handed or right . 
  you could n't change it in the settings , you could only change it after death . 
  anyone agrees with this ? 
  let me know , 
  why are there no natural cubed shape growing apples or piramid shaped coconuts ? 
  stopped playing dayz sa for a month and all non experimental servers are gone . 
  what did i miss ?
