you ca n't , he 's like a closed lock without a key to open it . 
  if you have no similar interest than you have really weird conversations . 
  you know if you really want to get involved with this kid i suggest you play some minecraft :d, 
  edit : you can try picklocking the lock ( what i mean is try more different things to talk about ), 
  my classmate murdered me for not giving him a russian workbook, 
  i would go hitch hiking for 2-5 years and then just start a new life . 
  ok i do n't wan na say my life is bad or anything , it 's actually ok but i would like to try living in a new country and using a different language everyday . 
  hypno bird, 
  favourite game of thrones character/actor ? 
  miss fortune - lithuania cuz of hot chicks . 
  getting downvoted . 
  nothing - lithuania . 
  i 'm lithuanian , and the salary here is too damn low . 
  lost a few friends because of this . 
  go to a shop , buy a can opener and canned food . 
  save the rest for toilet paper . 
  taking a 20-60minute walk . 
  thanks . 
  now i need more . 
  thank you !!, 
  thanks . 
  but i ca n't seem to find one i think it is so . 
  that is where the toilet paper comes in . 
  you might bleed while opening with fingers . 
  so meaning please . 
  thank you . 
  worst case scenario : use the teeth . 
  congrats i ca n't counter this comment . 
  you win . 
  have a virtual cookie . 
  wow guys . 
  never knew this , but now i feel a little bit ( 0.01 % ) better about my country . 
  so the greatest gift is anbo iv apparently . 
  fuuuuuuu i live in eu ... . 5pm = 3am, 
  this could be possible because actually h1z1 is a name for flu irl . 
  it would be interesting if infection system was in . 
  hardcore anyone ? 
  wookie child ? 
  like the idea , but it should still have some different texture from the ground that was not touched in 15 years . 
  in time it should turn into the same texture but as a freshly made spot should still have some diging marks . 
  i 'm sorry if i do this but ... sveikas/a :d, 
  will there be an item workshop for h1z1 ? 
  i have some ideas . 
  if they ask what were you saying ? 
  say : i wanted to give you a free pizza but you interupted me . 
  i cracked at this one : ddd, 
  next question . 
  i aimed at the sky and found a nice spot where the color was the same ( a spot in the sky with the same tone color ) and used photoshop to cover it :d, 
  all i can say is dark souls, 
  it lets you receive updates, 
  good spot , i was trying to mix the stalker emmission mood with dayz . 
  agreed, 
  can you change the posts flair , please ? 
  you need a tutorial for that ? 
  this will get burried but you look like a smaller version of riddick . 
  i have a question . 
  do you draw everything from scratch or do you combine images of backrounds , renders etc. ? 
  ( i know you use texture gallery , that is for sure :d ), 
  i have to say good job . 
  but do n't draw from scratch for me . 
  if you still want to i have to warn you about drawing on pc without tools . 
  ** it takes a lot of time . 
  ** what i can tell you from my experience * ( i 'm not a really good drawer or anything and i do n't use any tablets or things like that for drawing just photoshop and a mouse ) * is that making just 1 render from scratch is a butthurt even a 2d one . 
  [ first i drew it from scratch ] ( http://imgur.com/em4yfca ) then just used my phone camera ( recommend scanning it with a scanner if you have one i do n't lol :d ) took a picture uploaded to photoshop tweaked the sketch , used the pen tool to draw the lines , added some color , detailed the sword ( watched a google picture and recreated the sword ) and here 's the [ result ] ( http://imgur.com/vgfvjio ) . 
  i spent at least 2 hours just sitting there making tweak and doing progress . 
  now all i need is a backround from scratch ( i bet it will take more than 2 hours but a few days should be enough ) . 
  so yeah if you do something from scratch lem me know . 
  edit : yes i know i 'm a bad photoshop drawer without tools . 
  the sketch was pretty okay . 
  might be late to the party but this is what i bring, 
  euw : less stable servers , french and spanish people raging , thinks eune is only for noobs . 
  there are good and bad players . 
  they like to pull trolls on ranked ( morgana top anyone ? ), 
  eune : the community is based on polish and sweedish people but depends on if you are playing ranked or normal . 
  normal is kinda bad , same close to euw ( i find ok ) . 
  ranked is more polite , they want to win games ( placements are shit tho ) . 
  but every server is good in it 's own way . 
  the south . 
  kill it !, 
  i recently finished fallout 1 . 
  installing fallout 2 right now . 
  what do you play ? 
  odesza - say my name ( ft. zyra ), 
  you have to ask the person who is making a party . 
  be like `` hi . 
  i heard you 're having a party . 
  maybe i could come ? '', 
  this works better when asking face to face , but it can work on the internet . 
  he/she will invite you just so he/she does n't feel bad about himself/herself , unless he/she does n't like you then you wo n't get invited probably . 
  good luck . 
  wow , that 's deep . 
  i wish you all the luck in achieving what you always dreamed about . 
  she 's not talkative . 
  shy around guys . 
  has light brown hair and those adorable brown eyes that fit her smile . 
  wow !, 
  i 'm happy that you beat it !, 
  oh , and nice details . 
  i 'm sorry that you had such a rough life so far . 
  i hope you stay strong until you finish with all your studies and start kinda a new life .
