  gon na be a hard road . 
  i hope we succeed . 
  i went to sleep after the thread . 
  i did n't pmo before bed . 
  i guess only time can tell now, 
  this is my first time doing nofap . 
  six days so far ( 359 days left ) . 
  i know the struggle . 
  try to occupy that free time you have . 
  maybe ride a bike , or go for a walk around the city . 
  helps you forget the urge . 
  we come running by youngblood hawke, 
  thank you !, 
  lithuania !, 
  have n't seen any lithuanians on this subreddit . 
  ps , i 'm also from lithuania . 
  2-4 hours of sunlight . 
  i go to sleep when it 's 1am an wake up on 9 or 10am . 
  five times a week i exercise for 1 hour . 
  i 've been exercising five days a week for an hour for about 3 months and a half now . 
  dropped from 75 to 67 kilos . 
  i think this helps . 
  thanks for the advice . 
  i 'll try going to sleep at 11pm . 
  i have heard of those apps . 
  i had twilight for a while now but i rarely use my phone when i go to bed ( used the app to watch video game tournaments like lcs ) . 
  it really helps and your eyes do n't hurt that much when you are staring at the screen because of the yelow/red tint . 
  i 'll write to you after i wake up . 
  again , thank for the help . 
  i do n't go to the gym , it seems pointless to me to spend money for a membership just to work out . 
  i run nonstop for 45 min outside and the rest time i spend on pull ups push ups etc. 
  it 's working perfectly for me . 
  thanks for the hot tea advise . 
  it 's not that i 'm not happy , it 's just that in the morning for a few hours i feel tired , but later i feel really good and enjoy my day . 
  okay , i guess . 
  doing the daily workout routine . 
  participating in nofap . 
  enjoying life as it is . 
  i 'm still a little bit fed up with finding out my crush has a boyfriend . . oh well , you ca n't always get what you want . 
  * want, 
  pay attention in class and write down what you think you will forget . 
  just by doing this you can up your grades and exam marks by 30 % . 
  my avg is 80 % i do n't even do homework unless i know the teacher will check it . 
  i just sit there in class and pay attention . 
  oh and do n't chat on the phone . 
  it 's an insane distraction . 
  why are you downvoting his comment ? 
  he just basically wished him not to be disturbed while sleeping . 
  i got one scar on my middle finger from a dog bite and the other one is on my thumb from reloading a hunting rifle . 
  thanks !, 
  i will . 
  gon na be a fun ride . 
  / u/trollabot northoc, 
  thanks , yes i can see that they are holding me back . 
  i do n't want to hurt them , because of who they are , but that is the reason i must move on . 
  i will try to stay with both groups right now , but it is gon na be difficult . 
  nope , europe, 
  thanks for the advice , but if give them slack they wo n't feel the need to grow up and will stay the same . 
  it is a good thing and it counts as a hobby . 
  just do n't spend too much time sitting on the computer . 
  this is what i was looking for . 
  thank you !, 
  i opened the link and what the fuck ?!, 
  where is lithuania ? 
  latvia is a smaller country and yet it is included in the chart . 
  ~ ~ [ this is my first time . 
  please be gentle . 
  my name is denis . 
  i am 17 years old . 
  i live in eastern europe , in lithuania . 
  i like having fun with friends , playing league , running laps , talking to strangers on the internet . 
  i watch a lot of tv series ( twd , got , the 100 , falling skies , penny dreadful , grimm , mr. 
  robot , continuum etc. ) . 
  if you 'd like to play some league ( euw , eune only because i have bad ping in america ) or just talk , hit me up . 
  i 'm also 17 !, 
  hardmode going strong . 
  oh :d did n't see that , i 'll fix it as soon as i get on pc, 
  agreed . 
  in my case , i would like a vacation without my brother , just with my parents . 
  he 's so antisocial and is a stereotypical robot from 4chan . 
  this . 
  it 's much easier for me to talk on skype . 
  i 've shaved my head this summer . 
  wanted to see if short hair works for me . 
  it does . 
  ^ this, 
  hey i 'm 17 and live in utena . 
  there are 2 places where i know you can stay . 
  should be cheap since this is a small town . 
  if you want i could help you go looking around . 
  nope, 
  nope, 
  nope, 
  i heard it in school . 
  i think it could have been on the radio . 
  the first few seconds of the song sound exactly like from pentakill - last whisper ( the guitar string jumping ), 
  it 's not feel good inc. 
  the first few seconds of the song sound almost the same as the first few seconds of pentakill - last whisper, 
  you sound like a fallout 1-2 character . 
  urf should never be permament imo .
