  playing urf feels like christmas and nobody would like to celebrate christmas everyday . 
  riot should keep it that way . 
  it looks ok . 
  but if you really wan na try something ... cut your hair shorter than you usually do and trim those sideburns . 
  then let your hair grow back and try to keep the sideburns short . 
  the sooner the better . 
  we can always achieve something possible if we try enough times . 
  good luck, 
  that was the milestone my old self set . 
  if a girl finds interest in me and we get that far before i hit one year i wo n't refuse . 
  no problem !, 
  it is a long journey and we have to share our experiences to inspire others . 
  it depends on who you are and in what situations you put yourself in . 
  if you do nofap and stay at home then you wo n't really notice much changes . 
  you got ta put yourself out there . 
  for me the first thing was when a girl found interest in me . 
  the second thing was that i stopped being obsessed with chrushes ( stopped stalking their fb , instagram etc. ), 
  and could finally talk to them like they were normal people . 
  the last thing was kind of unique . 
  i like to go riding my bike for long distances alone ( since i started nofap i wanted to do more things outside and friends did n't get my craving for activities and did not join me ) . 
  and everytime i went on a trip like that i was lost in my thoughts thinking about my problems , what i said to this girl , that girl , what would have sounded better , etc. 
  and when i hit day 50-70 ( somewhere between those numbers ) i decided to go for a ride . 
  but the whole ride was different this time . 
  i had nothing bad to think about , i got no problems to explore . 
  i just stared at the road and decided to put on some music for the first time . 
  that day my life got better . 
  i hope this helps in one way or another . 
  wanted to try and live life a bit differently than i used to . 
  alka , you can do it too , 
  fantasy / science fiction . 
  i get into them easily . 
  right now i 'm reading the hunger games : catching fire, 
  thank you for reading . 
  i 'm not saying that computer games are bad , no way . 
  they are good for your imagination and creativity . 
  i used to play a lot on the pc each day ( 8-10 hours ? ) . 
  so it was needed to tune down . 
  it was hard the first 30 days , basically after a week into nofap i could barely hold on . 
  so i flooded my schedule from morning till night and kept thinking that the next day it will be better and all of the struggle will be worth it . 
  keep trying not to give in . 
  it becomes much easier to control after 70-90 day mark . 
  i have yet to reach 1 year . 
  why did you decide to binge after a year ? 
  edit : added a space . 
  check my last report . 
  i wrote about them . 
  i wrote that after day 30 it started to fade away and on day 55-70 i got it back again . 
  no problem !, 
  keep going because in the end it will be worth it . 
  thanks and good luck to you too !, 
  exactly . 
  thanks and good luck to you too !, 
  i hope you reach your goal . 
  started at 10-11 y. 
  did it whenever had a chance . 
  did not have ed but had death grip for a while . 
  how did you not fap earlier ? 
  i mean being a teenager when your hormones are boiling , seems like it 's impossible not to . 
  i will stay strong !, 
  and you should too !, 
  no problem mate . 
  and it will be for the rest of my life . 
  i know the feeling . 
  made 4 friends from abroad and made 2 friends from my country in dayz mod and played with them for many years . 
  i have met up with 2 friends from my country and we had an awesome party !, 
  it 's not that . 
  i do n't have a card and she wo n't let me use hers even tho it 's my money . 
  1 more year boys . 
  that would be fine . 
  me too !, 
  * kreppo looks at watch *, 
  report clg . 
  read the username . 
  what 's your goal after you pass the tier 1 operators test ? 
  he 's not showing you a picture or a video or describing it in detail . 
  if you ca n't handle one vague word i suggest you stop reading and make yourself a cup of tea and go do something instead of being on the internet, 
  [ i 'll be watching ] ( http://rlv.zcache.com/big_brother_is_watching_you_ohp_poster-r66366ce997d844cb92f1157629569733_iw5_8byvr_324.jpg ), 
  and a brollie . 
  also 17 . 
  do n't get me wrong but you wrote your answer . 
  you do not really want to get involved and later regret . 
  in my opinion , your friends do n't invite you because they do n't think you 'd want to go and if they are having a party with drugs ( do n't do drugs , stick to alchohol and do n't drink too much ) a lot of people are going to regret the embarrasing things they did . 
  you should ask your friends why they do n't invite you for a clear answer and if they could invite you to an upcoming party . 
  english is not my main language so sorry if i made mistakes . 
  i agree . 
  keep her in skype and see how it plays . 
  lithuania ( eastern europe ) . 
  does n't matter which one is worse . 
  both are bad . 
  tell me about your parties !, 
  thanks for writing this . 
  never thought our parties are so different , except from the common stuff . 
  how and what do i say ? 
  :d i 'm really bad at messaging people , more of a call dude , but that 's out of the question . 
  are you me ? 
  :d you described my situation . 
  we are us , are n't we ? 
  it 's almost -10 but it 's gon na get worse . 
  drawing sounds good when you 're bored . 
  gon na hit up the gym .
