  i did n't know i was doing it until recently :d now i 'm gon na be concious af, 
  i really have no idea how to do that . 
  i just go for it and it feels natural . 
  guess i 'll have to learn some technique or something :d, 
  i 'll have to try that but firstly i think i 'll just ask a girl to teach me next time . 
  it 'll be better for both of us . 
  thanks , i 'll try :d, 
  used to be like you so talking from experience : find what you do n't like about yourself and change it/fix it . 
  look at yourself in the mirror . 
  you do n't like your hair ? 
  style it or cut it differently . 
  you 're fat/overweight/chubby ? 
  start running five days a week and go on a diet ( i have a diet that is simple to follow if you need one pm me . 
  you wo n't have to count shit ) . 
  still have anxiety around crushes and when speaking in class ? 
  quit fapping and porn for a month ( it makes you feel like you 're guilty and that 's why you have anxiety ) as an experiment . 
  you 'll definitely change for the better . 
  [ to dust ] ( https://soundcloud.com/user-894533960/to-dust-first-ever-song-recorded-on-audacity ) ( folk ) [ themed ], 
  i 'm pretty proud of this one . 
  my first time using a laptop and audacity to record everything . 
  even though i 'm a bit sick , my voice was n't too bad the drum beat was my favourite part . 
  my hand was sore though after 3 minutes of bashing my guitar . 
  enjoy . 
  well ai n't that a kick in the head . . 
  but then i 'll be the beuty queen . 
  showing people how little we care , yeah . 
  this is my opinion as a beginner songwriter like yourself . 
  though i 'm not a big fan of songs without lyrics . 
  the song started out pretty chill , but later on it just got boring . 
  the same progression over and over again just does n't work without a melody or some lyrics and the constant pich shifts do n't really change the song . 
  next time , write a melody over a progression or just add some lyrics and , most importantly , have fun . 
  keep your heart strong, 
  fuck plans , just go for it . 
  first impression : a playa . 
  later : how are you this pure ? 
  even i sin more than you . 
  in a nutshell : used to fap once a day . 
  been a year and a few months since i started . 
  it worked for me . 
  more confidence . 
  became better at talking to girls ( / r/seduction ) . 
  picked up a hobby ( guitar ) . 
  now have a fuck buddy . 
  generally , became good at picking up girls . 
  whatever you do , do not visit that sub on a daily basis . 
  just start nofapping on hardmode and forget about the subreddit . 
  finally something i can talk about !, 
  i have developed a strategy for this shit over the course of 3 years . 
  your main thing in a party should be to have fun . 
  it 's the most natural way of getting a hook up because girls like guys who can have fun . 
  now , onto the more advanced stuff if you really want a hook up . 
  there are a few stages that a party of any size ( i mainly game in small parties from 6 to 12 people ) has . 
  the only difference is that larger parties just have a different time frame when these stages happen . 
  1st stage - the hi stage :, 
  the people are gathering . 
  this is a stage where you focus on you first impressions . 
  like one of my friends said : first impressions are half the job . 
  basically the more positive and outgoing you look at the start the more girls will find you interesting and attractive . 
  so talk to people and look happy . 
  2nd stage - the first drinks :, 
  do n't worry about this one . 
  just drink a bit to get your confidence up and do n't get drunk . 
  you do n't have to drink . 
  this is where you start looking for who you want to hook up with . 
  just look around a bit and decide . 
  make sure she has no boyfriend because you might end up wasting a lot of time for nothing . 
  you can start talking to her in this stage . 
  3rd stage - getting flirty :, 
  welcome to kino 101 . 
  it means physical touch . 
  by this stage you have to know her name and have talked to her about literally anything . 
  now , everytime you make her laugh you lightly punch or touch her on the upper part of the arm basically . 
  also if you catch each other staring into the eyes , just give her a smirk and nod your head up ( if she does the same , move to stage 4 ) this will make her feel better everytime you touch her since it will be done when good emotions are in the air . 
  what you are looking for is a response from her . 
  if she touches you back or lightly punches you back , it 's a strong sign that she is interested . 
  when that starts happening , you take her outside for a smoke or just say `` i 'm going for fresh air , wan na join me ? '' . 
  4th stage - kiss-close, 
  my favourite stage . 
  the party is either at it 's peak or is slowly dying out . 
  this is where you isolate her . 
  take her by the hand somewhere where it 's more quiet . 
  now how do you kiss-close ? 
  well you can start by looking into her eyes from a close distance and asking '' do you want to kiss me ? '', 
  if says yes go in and do it . 
  if she says maybe you say `` lets find out '' and kiss her . 
  if she says no you say `` i did n't say you could '' and carry on your conversation like nothing happened . 
  a small peck on the lips will do for the first kiss , because after that she will start kissing you . 
  make sure you do not go in guns blazing mode bacause when you pull out for a second from a make out she will want more . 
  oh and do n't grab her by the ass the first few seconds into the make out :d, 
  5th stage - sex-close . 
  after you start making out a lot of emotions come through . 
  last thing you have to do is make her comfortable enough to go with you to a quiet place and you have to keep the emotional vibe . 
  when you are ready to take her somewhere , do n't say `` lets go fuck in my car '' . 
  you have to make it look like you are just going to have fun somewhere else because the party has died out . 
  my friend has a good way of doing this . 
  take a champagne bottle and just say '' i got this . 
  lets go , after party . '', 
  the rest is up to you . 
  before the party you should talk to your playa friends for how to sex-close . 
  ( english is not my first language ),
