  we do n't have much snow in eastern europe it 's just cold . 
  i do n't really know how to help you , since i have n't been depressed , but i got some advice . 
  i live by this saying : before you start loving others , you have to learn love yourself . 
  if you ca n't have fun alone , you ca n't maintain a healthy relationship . 
  as for the crushing part . 
  been there . 
  used to crush on almost all the girls i talked to . 
  fixed this problem by removing porn and masturbation from my life and spending that time on working out and other shit . 
  175 days going strong . 
  too much porn affects the way you look at girls which affects your confidence . 
  1-3 a week . 
  not the point how much . 
  just delete porn from your life . 
  you should see changes in 2-4 weeks . 
  85 here :( being pure sucks . 
  i used to have mandatory volunteer hours you needed to do but after getting to 11th grade they do n't give you anymore . 
  tahm kench . 
  you can play him anywhere except adc . 
  he has great building flexability ( can be built ap/ad/tank / ... ) . 
  the champion is n't hard to learn but mastering when to use his w or how to use his r in situations with different builds requires a lot of practice . 
  people hate my main . 
  o rly ? 
  start with a ravenous hydra followed by greaves then trinity , bloodthirster . 
  for the last two items you can choose the ie + btrk , ie + phantom dancer for more damage or black cleaver + frozen mallet for more sustain . 
  sure , gim me some time to play one , should do it tommorow . 
  if trump get to be the president , that number will rise . 
  what is this thing that they 're building going to do ? 
  just checked the list . 
  no walking dead or the 100 or mr robot or the expanse or izombie or limitless or the big bang theory or two and a half men . 
  not worth imo . 
  pls no tahm nerfs . 
  i luv my catfish frog hybrid as he is !, 
  server : eune ( from lithuania ), 
  ign : nightmare2, 
  age : in 4 months 18, 
  last season rank : gold 5, 
  roles : i am good at all except adc, 
  want to find some people to play on eune . 
  rank does n't matter . 
  pm me on reddit if you want to play because i like to spend time more on euw . 
  lower-middle stereotypical white trash . 
  creating a throwaway to post on / r/roastme ... now that my friends is what we call a true beta . 
  you want some toast with that roast ? 
  i ca n't stay in a relationship for long periods of time because i hate texting ... maybe it 's just the wrong girls and stuff , but every singe time i end up frustrated when i get texted every 30 mins . 
  then it goes downhill from there . 
  this really bugs me . 
  i like my conversations over text short . 
  thanks for the idea !, 
  all i need now is a gf again . 
  1 day `` riotlyte smites someone yet again '', 
  you 're not the boss of me now !, 
  correct . 
  am i too late for the party ? 
  sorry , fell asleep . 
  yes, 
  of course, 
  never, 
  404 date not found, 
  same . 
  it 's a curse and a blessing . 
  5 months ago you replied to my comment . 
  gon na hit 300 soon :d, 
  youngblood hawke - we come running, 
  north on acoustic : easy, 
  north on electric : easy, 
  north on vocals no1-2 : butchered, 
  north on keyboard : never played much keyboard but this song is simple, 
  north on drums : takes one drum and plays with hands, 
  better to ask and get a no than wonder and think , what if ... 
  the answer does n't matter ( even though it looks like it does ) but the relief that comes after is awesome . 
  just wait it out in the cryo chamber until 2277 and become a synth . 
  it 's that simple . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tyddvutbh10 i guess this is relevant . 
  that grandma plays the numbers ... 
  what if she 's blocked me on instagram and i deleted her on fb ? 
  is there still a chance ? 
  my brother ( 17 ) : i hate him . 
  he 's a basement dweller . 
  no friends or life outside the internet ( and no friends on the net ) . 
  a dissapointment so far . 
  we 're like day and night . 
  always argue . 
  i 'd kill for a normal sibling :(, 
  northoc 18/m/europe, 
  trying out kik for the first time :d love playing guitar , listening to folk/indie/rock music , spending time outside , watching tv shows like got/twd/penny dreadful/the 100 . 
  we can talk about anything :d, 
  draw me a pot full of soul soup which is being stirred by the reaper with his scythe, 
  yeah , that was my first tought as well . 
  really like the song.you 've got a david bowie'ish voice :d, 
  [ colourblind ] ( https://soundcloud.com/user-894533960/colourblind-acoustic-country ) ( acoustic rock ? ), 
  [ themed ], 
  first time poster . 
  recorded this with the phone so the audio is raw . 
  here 's an upbeat song i wrote about a guy who is colourblind and sees the world in blue and gray colours . 
  i swear it 's nothing like eifel :d, 
  one year and three months since i started nofap hardmode, 
  posted a song for / r/songaweek for the first time, 
  a girl i know has a crush on me ( the feeling is n't mutual ), 
  learned how to draw pepe, 
  i just hope that the next girl , i 'll want to make out with , will help me out :d,
