what do you think ? 
  i 'm criticising the journalism , genius . 
  clearly they decide to highlight that the kid is scared of some gates as if this is the most horrifying moment of its life when the just went through open sea in a dingy boat . 
  karma served under one day . 
  cackled . 
  this is hillarious . 
  the kid fled from a war , through busted fields , crossed the sea on a rubber boat , but got scared when she saw dark fences ? 
  lol . 
  it was good . 
  it will go away . 
  doesnt matter . 
  you arent american . 
  do you live in europe or in a third world country ? 
  germany should stop playing the game on both sides already . 
  it 's sad because of this lot 's ignorance . 
  the articles that i saw were beautiful places . 
  i would n't mind spending some holidays at some of them . 
  i once saw a series of articles a serbian did on his country over at erepublik . 
  it had lovely places . 
  that 's sad that they would n't want to stay , lol . 
  my brain goes as far as i want to . 
  yours does n't seem to understand this article is n't the place to vent your frustrations with women . 
  yeah , probably one of those internet warriors that were calling out feminists about their `` selectiveness '' or whatever they want to call it . 
  you get used to live in the margin . 
  you never risk getting used to very good things and yet you never risk being absolutely myserable . 
  yeah , they 're screwed . 
  over here in portugal , austerity party won the elections again . 
  the germans already plugged this morning that austerity can work and wo n't allienate voting . 
  the emissions need to go down , not up . 
  what a bunch of greedy , dirty bastards . 
  indeed . 
  when people complain that the smaller parties are n't looked at , i usually point out be . 
  if they can do it , then so should the smaller parties . 
  it 's just a matter of appeal . 
  be filled the placed left between pcp , who moved too much into the left as a panic , and ps , who moved too much to the centre hoping on an idealogic dream . 
  she never gave a definite answer about it . 
  you 'd be correct is a matter of interpretation . 
  however , they 're sandwiched between pcp and ps , anti and pro europe respectivelly . 
  they will swindle from one side to the other if they so please . 
  it 's not as bad as one would expect . 
  there are a few places which are embarassing though . 
  their share of the vote is completely irrelevant . 
  they have no say nor do they want any say , whether they received more or less than they received this time or last time . 
  they 're not like be . 
  do n't deflect . 
  it was a response to this after all :  way to completely miss the point , engage in strawman argumentation and ignore the facts that go against your narrative . 
  enjoy your * victory * . 
  i wanted to throw something at the telivision when i heard of them talking . 
  it 's always a win for them , even though they 're falling over the abysm of irrelevancy . 
  they do n't really care about government . 
  all they care about is opposition . 
  it 's easy to criticise , not so easy to govern . 
  catarina martins said that we should consider an out of the euro like a week ago . 
  i 'm on moble atm , ca n't see . 
  yes , it was just a few days ago , it might be those !, 
  with be , it may be just a fluke , while pcp has a solid backing ( although more and more the old people die so they lose more and more too ) . 
  catarina martins has strenght , but she does n't have anything beyond that . 
  however she has the potential to grow a lot . 
  let 's see what she does with the next four years . 
  if like i said , she 's there just to say no like a four year brat , she 's going to end up fizzling in no time . 
  the be support is quite fickle , not at all like pcp , who has the same people voting for them for years on end . 
  pcp 's weakness is that they do n't have support renewal and the old generation is dying out . 
  as usual , when people like you get questioned , you always run away from the real answers . 
  i certainly did n't vote for the last 40 years , somebody else did . 
  which is exactly my point . 
  there is a trend and i recognise it . 
  the majority of people votes like this , it wo n't change anytime soon either . 
  so you either conform to this reality , or your vote is , quite frankly , useless . 
  not until there 's a change in mentality in the way our society looks at politics . 
  you are thinking locally , but that is a naive set of thinking . 
  i certainly did n't feel like my vote was useless , no matter the outcome . 
  if i thought it was useless , i would n't have voted in the first place . 
  you 're speaking after the fact when you had no way of knowing the results of the polls . 
  however , even without knowing the results of said polls , it was clear that none of the smaller parties would ever get anywhere . 
  it 's not the problem at all . 
  i play with the cards i 'm dealt with . 
  you go through the entire night hoping that you 're dealt some cards that are n't on the deck because they 're not part of the game to begin with . 
  the cycle is what it is . 
  it has gone for 40 years and there is no sign of changing . 
  it 's not going to change anytime soon . 
  either you find a reasonable alternative , which does n't exist atm , or you have to comform with what you have . 
  as i said , i 'm not against a reasonable alternative . 
  i wish there was one , but there is n't . 
  what there is , are alternatives , but none of them are reasonable . 
  it 's not useful to vote on the smaller parties at all . 
  look at the polls right now . 
  what do they tell you ? 
  what does voting on the smaller parties did ? 
  oh right , livre elected one person . 
  congratulations , i guess . 
  and look at what voting on the alternative did . 
  divide on the left and conquer at the right . 
  there 's no significant alternative in the right ( because they merged ) , but there are two alternatives on the left . 
  so , psd won d , and it will continue to win ( when ps does n't win instead ) . 
  this is why it was especially bad to vote on the smaller and small parties this time around . 
  small parties do n't stand a chance because our electoral method sucks , not because of me and others voting usefully . 
  if you do this same shit for 100 years , it will not change . 
  hell , we 've been doing that for 40 already , one would think people would have understood that . 
  i dislike most of parties , from small to big . 
  it 's a matter of what i dislike less , or what i feel that it could help the country more , even if i dislike it .
