   if the gay part of the population grows , we 'll have less and less . 
  and over a few centuries/millenia , we 'd die out . 
  that 's just an entirely irrational premise and absolutely would never happen . 
  our populations are shrinking because our birth rates are shrinking . 
  our birth rates are shrinking due to a number of societal factors and medical progressions ; homosexuality absolutely is not one of those factors . 
  you do not turn gay because your foster parents are gay . 
  that 's a simply proven fact and the proof of that is that there are millions of gay people who 's parents were entirely straight . 
  if there 's a `` factor '' in upbringing that causes people to turn gay , then it 's not exclusive to gay parents , on top of us not knowing what that factor is , if one exists at all , and therefore none of that factors in to this . 
  i 'm not going to say gay parents do n't effect your upbringing . 
  i 'm saying that there 's no basis on which to claim gay parents = gay children . 
  the basis of your argument is that gay parents are `` far out of the norm '' and therefore produce abnormal children . 
  not an unfair premise when you take it at face value . 
  but when you dig deeper all this is saying is that `` gay people are freaks and therefore produce freaks '' . 
  gay people are no different than anyone else , except that they have different kinds of sexual preference . 
  they have jobs , pay taxes , hang out , have friends and socialize just like everybody else . 
  most teenage sexual development happens largely away from parents anyways . 
  now , i 'm not going to say i think being gay is `` normal '' . 
  it is n't . 
  i think it 's a disorder , the cause of which we do not fully understand yet . 
  but homosexuals have been proven to work as perfectly functional members of society and it stands to reason that anybody they raise will also be a functioning member of society . 
  and i would just like to add that that study has been widely discredited in the scientific community as is written up by a fucking nutjob . 
  i strongly suggest revising your view of it in that light . 
  itt : stormfront 's reddit accounts, 
  legislation should absolutely get passed for the sake of it . 
  if slavery was legal in europe and the eu pushed forward a bill tomorrow to abolish it , on a moral basis there is absolutely not reason to stop that bill going through . 
  it is moral bankruptcy and a self-fulfilling prophecy ; `` they eu does nothing good for us , now let 's stop the eu doing something good for us '' . 
  every single legislative institution has an obligation on human rights issues , because human rights transcend national barriers and therefore are not simply a national issue . 
  the only reason to deny a bill in the european parliament on the basis of state legislative superiority is if you specifically intend for that law to not go through on a national level . 
  had ukip any real principals , they would n't vote on * any * matters and would adopt a policy of absolute abstention . 
  there are a lot of kids out there looking for parents . 
  that anger was just unnecessary . 
  because it is something that should be introduced regardless of what `` level '' it is on . 
  the willingness to sacrifice any form of morality in order to do so ? 
  so they 're willing to strike down good policy on a faulty principal ? 
  that 's what ukip wants , not what is happening . 
  anti-gay rights legislation , terrible climate change record , arms dealing stances , it 's pretty screwy . 
  http://score-ep.org/ for the votes done by ukip members . 
  that said they 're * marginally * better than bnp and other fringe parties in some areas , and only * slightly * under the tories in others . 
  indicate their feelings in an incredibly inefficient manner . 
  ukip 's voting policy in the ep is generally extremely scary in terms of the policies they back and their general voting methodology . 
  the policy is n't racist . 
  the method of advocacy is racist . 
  *** 26 million bulgarians and romanians are coming here to take your jobs *** sorry mate , that 's just stereotyping, 
  it 's more like getting the ice cream and the cone and then running off without paying . 
  probably because every non-stalinist thinker at the time said so ? 
  so , what does it actually do ? 
  as you 're typing you just here a faint whistling in the background gradually getting louder and louder . 
  then a giant cylinder crashes through your rough and stick itself into the ground . 
  on the side is the inscribed word ; `` freedom '' from the top of the cylinder a pole starts gradually rising ... you get closer . 
  as the pole reaches max height , a great bald eagle descends through the wreckage and perches on top of what is now an unfurled mighty american flag . 
  recognizing the errors of your backward ways , as you only can in face of such beauty , you prostrate yourself and vow to never again stray from the path of freedom ^ tm , and from that day onwards , your diet consisted entirely of freedom fries and mountain dew . 
  praise our founding father , jesus christ . 
  mate they could take 4 years to write that shit and i still would n't believe a word, 
  yeah , i do n't know what i was thinking there . 
  brain fart . 
  but churchill was one of the main people who galvanized the anti-fascist factions within the uk . 
  i just do n't see why we should go to war for corporate interests . 
  that 's imperialism . 
  i 'd rather intervention be based on humanitarian , and preferably never directly from us but rather exclusively within a un mandate . 
  socialism in one country * is * an example . 
  stalin cultivated a nationalist cult with him at its head . 
  instead of spending his time expanding the revolution , he isolated it and instead of empowering the people , he empowered the ussr as a mega-state . 
  come on , the ussr was a pseudo-nationalistic enterprise . 
  `` great patriotic war '' , `` socialism in one country '' , shit like that . 
  he traded a lot of the ideals of communism and the ideals of a global revolution championed by lenin and trotsky for a more powerful superstate , when what he was meant to be doing was abolishing states and empowering the people , he was too busy creating a nationalist cult of soviet nationalism . 
  not really , i do n't understand the fascination with the tendency to paint people as good or bad . 
  churchill took a hardline against hitler and essentially started world war ii over fascism . 
  but then he sold eastern europe to the soviets . 
  the americans fought for democracy . 
  then nuked japan and spent then next 5 decades engaging in an anti-communist terror campaign across the planet . 
  stalin killed millions upon millions of people . 
  and also industrialized the ussr and made it a power house that could stand up to the fascists . 
  hitler made germany great and powerful and was an amazing statesmen that gave people back their dignity . 
  but he also committed genocide . 
  people are multi-faceted . 
  we 're all essentially shades of grey and whether someone is `` good '' or `` bad '' is simply a question not really worth answering imo . 
  it 's also worth noting that the us and germans were * de facto * at war already for the guys of those 2 years , quite a large part of the fighting in the atlantic was between us navy and the germans , under the guise of the us protecting its territorial waters ( the range of this protection was increasingly expanded across the atlantic ) . 
  haters ca n't take the prestige , holllaaaa, 
  i love hardy bucks but it does n't do justice to the [ * real thing * ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=junhmlrxvic ), 
  i do n't think he understood that your comment was n't about economics , it was more about government control of your assets because it 's all digitized . 
  it also digitizes your monetary assets , making it far easier for the government to take control of , amongst other things . 
  hahaha you 're fucking sad, 
  just another kipper, 
   it 's not the role of the government to educate adults according to who ? 
  hugo boss . 
  i did as well the first few times . 
  it made his week . 
  as in , it was a highlight of his week . 
  i do n't doubt that there 's corporate influences in the eu , the trans-atlantic trade agreement 's secrecy is testimony to that . 
  but so far it 's been doing a better job than most at resisting them . 
  the fucking unionists can get mad . 
  more than enough unionists benefited from general amnesty . 
  nobody was the right to be angry over the outcome of the amnesty . 
  the whole point of an amnesty is to encourage people to put down their arms because they 're no longer being hunted down as fugitives . 
  i would simply be expecting extension of that . 
  have an independent watchdog verify their statements and fine/prosecute them if they 're incorrect outside of a reasonable margin of error . 
   yeah , regulating the media really seems like a good idea ... not . 
  it 's already regulated . 
  what are you talking about ? 
   if you 'd bring information spots in tv , most people would just change the channel , or they would not even consider watching these channels and instead watch their dumb reality soaps ... then they can ignore news media altogether , because it should only be giving them information .
