  poland is the only country in eastern europe that 's pulling its weight . 
  albeit expenditure is not as high as uk and france but poland is n't an international interventionist . 
  poland spends 1.9 % , which is n't as much $ $ as germoney but it is higher in gdp . 
  the gdp for france fluctuates on a yearly basis . 
  the uk and greece are consistently high though . 
   but seriously , how about we stop encouraging dick swinging as a reasonable geopolitical strategy but that would end politics as we know it . 
  looks like limburg or something along those lines , but the joke behind it is lost on me . 
  where are you from ? 
  maybe it means nothing and she thought it was a nice gift . 
  but i suppose that does n't really mean much once everyone else puts their own spin on it . 
  yeah , i changed it for today . 
  sweden , finland , ireland ... 
  the anti-eu sentiment is a byproduct of a large scale unopposed media campaign to paint us as the next soviet union , or anything along those lines . 
  throw in the mix the total incompetency of pro-eu politicians like clegg and the charisma of men like farage ( honestly the last thing clegg should 've done is debated him , all it did was give validation to ukip ) , a long with separation of us through things like not adopting the euro etc etc it 's not hard to see why things are where they are right now . 
  i bet cameron 's loving it though . 
  when things get bad enough he can go to the eu and demand concessions and return to the uk as a hero . 
  it does n't make any sense really . 
  post-lenin ( and arguably even before ) the soviet union lost all chance of becoming a true communist society , yet still held a facade of marxist-leninism ideals ... 
  odds are those waving the flag of the ussr equate it more with the glory days of the soviet union as an imperialistic superpower as opposed to a champion of the ideals of communism . 
  the ukrainian right to self-determination is far above any `` sphere of interest '' either the eu or russians claim to have . 
  as a communist , i can say with confidence i 'm strongly against putin and everything he stands for , he 's the virtual antithesis of any socialist or communist movement and anyone that views him or what he 's doing with any form of affection is only doing so out of ignorance and a romantic view of the old soviet union . 
  i legit would n't mind a new flag , especially as the current eu flag is n't exclusively eu . 
  red 's a nice colour . 
  eussr is best ssr , comrade . 
  that comments section gave me cancer . 
  april fools !, 
  way to give us federalists a hardon only to lead up to massive disappointment hahaha, 
  shots fired . 
  i 'm not surprised . 
  the turkish establishment has become increasingly corrupt . 
  it damages productivity , and that graph is heavily dependent on position . 
  the sun is coming up at the same time regardless . 
  all we do is change the number on the clock . 
  it 's just too disruptive . 
  hail to the eussr, 
  the proletariat rose and overthrew out fascist oppressors !, 
  it 's blocked in my country too , here : pirateproxy.net, 
  pirateproxy.net is quicker, 
  well they should protest the ban . 
  you are a comrade whether you want to be or not !, 
  do not despair , comrade , one day the proletariat will rise up . 
  workers of the world , unite, 
  well the u.s. has no workers ' rights , so there 's that . 
  the democratic aspects of the eu definitely need a reform , modeled vaguely similar to the us system , but in the long run a gradual federalisation of the eu is the best course of action imo, 
  russia 's standing army is 760,000 . 
  poland 's is 120,000 . 
  if you want to add reservists into it , it 's 2.8 million vs 635,000 , not even close to the numbers you listed . 
  a defending force also has an extremely large advantage , especially when the attacking force is primarily comprised of conscripts . 
  nuclear deterrents are n't much of a deterrent as far as we 're concerned , nobody will use a nuke to defend eastern europe . 
  what is this `` ameria '' you speak of ? 
  and why should it ? 
  a united europe is the only way forward if we do n't want to be politically dominated by the us and russia . 
  yes , i meant % population , which is the most relevant factor . 
  labour costs are a function of taxes and wages . 
  if the taxes go up , so the labour costs , but not necessarily the wages or quality of life . 
  norway already has a significant immigrant population , higher than the likes of the uk or ireland . 
  i do n't see what 's wrong with a flat tax rate . 
  people pay a fair and equal amount in relation to how much they earn , simple as . 
  norway has a higher immigrant population than the uk and cot of labour is more than double . 
  norway has a higher immigrant population than the uk . 
  it 's pretty obvious politicians from all over are on their payroll - the fn in france kind of disassociated themselves during the crisis but that was because there were municipal elections coming up . 
  ukip is extremely pro-russian and anti-eu and are one of the main driving forces upon european disintegration in the uk , and there was also the foreign minister from the last german government ( i forget the name/affiliation tbh ) that sold out the baltic states for another russian gas pipeline ( and he 's considerably wealthier after the fact ) and there 's of course the supporting statements from parties all over europe for russia 's actions . 
  if you look at who they invited as observers to the crimean referendum , you 'll get a good indication . 
  regulations would be domestic , though . 
  african nations generally unstable . 
  russia may not exert economic power but they are not without allies or without means to make them , and they can make things very hard for such unstable countries , internally . 
  just look at all the european politicians they have bought . 
  i disagree with what he 's saying , but he did mention that . 
  when you have an entire continent to harvest from , you 're definitely going to find a lot of resources . 
  the imf is tough , but fair . 
  if you 're ever going to them odds are you need whatever shit they 're going to shove down your throat . 
  ireland as well has some gas fields that have only recently started being tapped . 
  not huge , but significant . 
  on top of that we 're giving a lot of people rights to look for oil around our territorial waters so it 's possible something will come out of that . 
  but turkey itself is n't looking too great either . 
  not the kind of people i want to align myself to . 
  that 's literally the only reason why i would n't have a plant here . 
  it 'd probably explode . 
  otherwise i 'm pro-nuclear . 
  i hope gates ' research goes through . 
  then we could essentially use depleted uranium for energy . 
  hnnnng uggghhhh neighbours *, 
  or go to quiet places and * make them noisy !, 
  i 'm sure some of these need to be reversed and dear god number 10 does n't include ireland with catholic . 
   am i next in line for your pathetic cussing rant ? 
  yes . 
  see , abstention is actually literally a sign of * not being decided on an issue * . 
  that is its meaning . 
  let 's assume you 're not full of shit and abstention is never used for it 's actual purpose . 
  why is it that all these abstentions come out in favour of * russia * , then , and not ukraine ? 
  oh , you do n't know ? 
  what else do n't you know ? 
  presumably everything , which is the safest bet when dealing with morons online . 
  see , when you label europe as an `` american puppet '' i just l-o-fucking-l because it just demonstrates a blatant idiocy that i ca n't really fathom . 
  see , the difference between being a * puppet state * and being * allies * is that a puppet state gives in on every issue and aligns every policy to its parent state . 
  a great example here is belarus and russia . 
  the difference between belarus and `` europe '' - as ambiguous and varied an entity that is , where many countries have different interests to eachother , let alone with the us - is that the us needs europe for various reasons - influence , bases , trade , support on military action - and europe needs the us for their military and political power . 
  it 's a relationship where both need something from one another and provide it . 
  european and american areas of interest are totally different . 
  europe is interested in africa , the us in the pacific and east asia .
