  if we were to go back over the death toll for the past decade , thousands of palestinians have died * directly * from israel 's crimes ( let alone the massive humanitarian costs and deaths ) . 
  while in the early 2000 's the conflict was significantly more balanced , that has only dramatically decreased over the decades . 
  there is nothing `` tit for tat '' about this . 
  though god bless the hundreds of conscripted idf soldiers that died for their country in this particular conflict over the past decade . 
  hamas had some extremely simple demands in this conflict ; withdraw , release the prisoners , and the fighting stops . 
  all israel had to do is be fucking reasonable and rational for once in their life . 
  but now hamas is very much willing to fight to their absolute destruction ; `` we 'll never go back to the period before the aggression . 
  we 'll never go back to the slow death '' so get fucking educated before you comment , or at least do n't be so fucking stupid as to call others out for being biased and ignorant when all you 're running your argument from is the 2 minutes of news you watch in the afternoon . 
   both sides are equally responsible and what exactly do you base this on ? 
  this kind of statement is just one that does n't show a nuanced knowledge of the situation . 
  just because two people are trying to kill eachother does n't mean both sides are equally responsible , and i do n't get where people in general have gotten this idea from that the palestinians are responsible for israel 's war crimes and colonial policies . 
   isreal has been a country where war has been going on since its founding . 
  i do n't see how this comment or the rest of the paragraph is relevant at all to the war crimes israel commits on the palestinian people 70 years later . 
  well , on second thought , i do , but it 's an * extremely * weak argument and it 's just saying that israel has this siege mentality and therefore everyone that is not them is a violent murderer out to bury them in the ground . 
   so in conclusion , its been tit for tat killings for almost 60 years . 
  it 's been an increasingly more severe encroachment on palestinian land while israel has been at war with other arab league nations . 
   id like to point out that hamas did actually want israel to react aggressively to its latest provocations . 
  and what do you base this on ? 
  hamas did not act aggressively towards israel until israel started beating the war drums . 
  all this repeated justification for israel 's war crimes ( why do n't we just start justifying srebenica while we 're at it ? ), 
  and not once has any defendant of the state of israel suggestion that instead of bombing the fuck out of civilians that they could try talking with hamas , which they 've ** never ** done before because they consider them a `` terrorist '' organization . 
  they 've done it through intermediaries like egypt , but they 've never actually made a deal with hamas directly . 
  they 've never shifted on their settlement policies in any permanent fashion . 
  they 've never made * serious * concessions to the palestinian people . 
  they 've continuously * expanded * the settlement policy . 
  they * continue * to * illegally * blockade palestinian waters . 
  people there ca n't fish . 
  they ca n't farm . 
  they ca n't do any sort of industry that would allow the palestinian people to survive . 
  it all gets destroyed by israel . 
  even our own eu funded projects to the region get targeted and destroyed by israel . 
  and yet somehow hamas shares `` equal responsibility '' because they fired rockets at israel after israel kidnapped several hundred of them , baselessly accused them of murder , and proceeded to bomb the fuck out of all hamas holdings - which * include * government infrastructure because hamas is the government of gaza . 
  so when israel says it hits `` hamas targets '' , that can mean * anything * . 
  the idea that both hamas and israel are equally responsible for this massacre is * precisely * the media bias i was talking about , this false portrayal that this is an equal conflict between two powers . 
  it is n't . 
  it 's a violation of the geneva convention and cccw to use wp is civilian areas at all , as it 's an incendiary weapon . 
  of more clay ? 
  i wont argue . 
  you say that , but countries like the uk are still very much functioning . 
  white phosphorus is still used by several militaries ; [ israel uses it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bfchvbiyjya ) , and the us uses it for smoke screens . 
  i also believe it 's used in some smoke grenades . 
  when you realize the actual facts on the ground the bias becomes very apparent . 
  it 's ridiculous in the us and it 's not really worth mentioning how severe the bias is , but even in europe the crimes israel is committing are very sanitized and it 's made to look like an even and fair conflict between to opposing forces for which both sides are equally responsible ; which it simply is n't . 
  i agree that hamas is committing crimes vaguely similar to israel in that it is firing rockets indiscriminately into civilian areas , and i will admit that hamas is a fundamentalist piece of shit organization , but i will also say there is far , far more nuance to hamas 's role in the conflict in the past few years than `` those guys that keep firing rockets '' , and the media is intentionally leaving that part of the story out . 
  for example , since the 2012 ceasefire , hamas has been actively trying to stop rockets being fired from gaza - and that 's according to israeli generals and right wing media ( crazy shit like times of israel ) . 
  let 's take for example the ceasefire which hamas violated . 
  the reality is that hamas was not consulted for the ceasefire by anyone ; not israel because israel does not talk to hamas , and not egypt because hamas is affiliated with the muslim brotherhood . 
  it was a unilaterally declared ceasefire after hundreds of palestinians were killed , and hamas did not know any of the details about it , only that it existed . 
  yet the media ran with `` hamas violated ceasefire '' etc. 
  it 's also a very prevailant thought - even just through lack of explanation on the media 's part - that hamas is responsible for all the attacks on israel . 
  this is n't true ; hamas claims responsibility for all rocket attacks on israel and did not start doing so until israel started bombing gaza , at which point the rocket attacks increased and hamas claimed responsibility . 
  on top of that , i at most saw 2 minutes of media coverage in the past few weeks about the hundreds of palestinians that were kidnapped by the idf prior to the bombing campaign as `` suspects '' for the kidnappings . 
  most of them were high ranking hamas leaders ; and yet hamas did not fire rockets . 
  there 's not been a word about these hundreds of political prisoners on the media . 
  that 's not to mention that nobody wants to mention that this entire kidnap murder thing was used as a pretext for a punitive military campaign on gaza . 
  and nobody wants to mention the conditions in which the gazans have lived for years on end which could lead to rocket attacks on israel . 
  it 's all about how `` x palestinians have died today . 
  israel claims it was unintentional and demand hamas stops firing rockets into israel . 
  they claim it is self-defense . 
  president obama today announced israel 's right to defend itself , and david cameron has called for israeli forced to show restraint , while also expressing that they have a right to defend themselves against terrorism . 
  the total number of dead is x palestinians and y israelis '' you can see the biases there . 
  in the us the story is entirely one sided and the media spends time either ignoring or justifying israel 's crimes . 
  here , it is bias by exclusion . 
  we do n't talk about what israel is doing in a critical way , simply state that people are dying , and then we show world leaders commenting that israel is entitled to do what it is doing . 
  there is a very real bias in western media , and i 've only seen two major media outlets call out israel on what it is doing ; one was bbc during an interview with netanyahu 's press secretary , and the other was a reporter on russia today . 
  and that happens once in a blue moon and people will forget about it . 
   previous intercepted audio by government was debunked as fake , i see nothing to prove that this one is n't . 
  when did this happen ? 
  i definitely do n't think we should trust what the ukrainian government is showing , but if the un and osce buy into it , it 's got ta be legitimate enough . 
  those morons . 
  the poor bastard 's gon na get killed for that . 
   yes they do . 
  not as many as in the us , but that is just a blatant lie . 
  absolutely , european countries make up half of the top 20 countries with the highest gun ownership rate , though america does take a dramatic lead with it being first and twice as high as second place ( either switzerland of yemen , i forget ) . 
  ireland has some of the strictest gun laws on the planet yet we do have gun clubs and we have several hundred thousands registered firearms . 
  jews have always been flocking to israel and that 's been on the uptick for decades . 
  i hope few of them are political because the political discourse in israel is dramatically more suppressed than in europe . 
  did someone say fleg ? 
  definitely , greece is a unique situation more than anything . 
  the government spent far beyond its means into a blackhole of corruption and inefficient government programs with almost no return in terms of benefits for the population . 
  will new zealand be part of this multinational force ? 
  the multinational force comprised of one nation . 
  deploying to new new zealand . 
  tony pls, 
  i really ca n't see france doing that . 
  they need it too much on a reputation level . 
  i do n't disagree , but i 'd like to hear your thoughts expanded a bit further ? 
  too many of the people we elect over here are jokes . 
  i just do n't think the irish public is politically interested . 
  tl ; dr they tried to inspect one of the u.s. military planes that pass through our airports , they got arrested and now they 're free . 
  there 's more than enough people here who are n't muslim or brown that are n't going to `` add anything of benefit '' either , yet nobody 's asking for mass expulsions of that lot . 
  yeah , but now they have 2 mistrals which let them power project pretty much anywhere without needing to use the carrier . 
  plus , 2 mistrals + carrier force is pretty significant . 
  so your answer to 3000 jews leaving is to expel 20 million people ( or 44 million , depending on whether or not you 're talking about all of europe ) , the vast , vast , vast majority of which had nothing to do with it ? 
  sounds like a plan , you get right on that . 
  yeah man because ethnic cleansing is some cool shit . 
  so you 're saying that it does n't matter if a family has lived here for generations , they ca n't be european because they 're brown and muslim ? 
  nothing surprising coming from you , i see . 
  what , you mean agreeing with op ? 
  saying that i can get what those people must be thinking when they commit their crimes but that the logic still does n't make any sense ?
