  ah here , they can do better than coppers . 
  diceys , at least . 
  the conflict in northern ireland was highly religious , but it was n't religiously motivated , in the same way is is a political entity fighting for political gains , using religion as a tool . 
  religious war is almost never about religion , that 's just a tool . 
  if you were a protestant in n. ireland , you were probably unionist , and the reverse for catholics . 
   socialism and social-democracy . 
  socialism is not supported on this subreddit * at all * other than a small handful of users . 
  social democracy is dead centre . 
  about 50 years ago you would 've been able to say social democrats were on the left . 
  this sub is far more to the right than it is to the left , i can guarantee that . 
  if the mods did a survey today it would validate that statement . 
  and if you want to go onto the default subs and talk about socialism or communism , you will get showered in downvotes . 
  reddit is dominated by liberals , right-libertarians and conservatives . 
  leftists are a significant minority . 
   are you really denying it ? 
  it 's crystal clear how much hate there is for conservatives in general compared to left-wingers . 
  just look at how much support abbot or cameron has on this site ... and who do they favour instead ? 
  other rightists . 
  liberalism is a right wing ideology , just like conservatism . 
  it 's just close to the centre . 
  if you start portraying views that are actually left of centre ; more worker 's rights , stronger unions , worker ownership , and so on , you will get downvoted as a filthy , dirty soviet fanboy . 
   she basically saved the u.k 's economy , what a disgrace to humanity !, 
  yeah man , she only destroyed everywhere that was n't south-east england , what a lovely woman . 
  large left wing majority ? 
  you 're shitting me . 
  thatcher got elected because that 's how the power structure of the uk is orientated . 
  anywhere north of london got fucked so hard in the ass , she 's the primary reason there 's even a debate on scottish independence . 
  of course , the people that have n't seen the after effects of the massive dump she took on humanity do n't understand what she did . 
  the only thing maggie `` satan reborn '' thatcher is respectable for is how politically iron willed she was , she never compromised on ideology . 
  which , consequently , lead to her taking that aforementioned dump on humanity . 
  umm , nato did bomb libya http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_unified_protector hypothetically , if the uk was attacked and obliterated , we would n't be able to do jack shit anyways . 
  for ireland to ever be attacked , the rest of europe has to have fallen , in which case our troop contributions would be irrelevant . 
  the arab states were not suffering from this religious fundamentalist war 2 or 3 decades ago . 
  attempts at pan-arab unity have been made in the past , obviously undermined by external forces , but attempts made nonetheless . 
  there was a united arab republic in late 50 's early 60 's with egypt and syria , and there was a very real chance of iraq and lebanon becoming part of it , and that idea stayed alive for a long time , even after uar 's dissolution . 
  something tells me that if the region is allowed to return to peace and stability , it would n't be far fetched to see something happening . 
  the point is that nato is not a defensive alliance . 
  it has acted more than once and shown that . 
  it 's a military alliance ; once is all it takes to remove the `` defensive '' aspect . 
  a neutral country has no place in a military alliance of * any * sort , regardless of that . 
  not to condemn or endorse nato 's actions , just stating the reality . 
  not much of a significant change , it 's like saying if 2 out of 100 kids are called adam and all 90 have unique names , adam is the most common name . 
  while ( firstborn = = true ) { string names [ ] = { `` mohamad '' , `` mohamed '' , `` mohammad '' , `` mohammed '' , `` muhamad '' , `` muhamed '' , `` muhammad '' , `` muhammed '' } ; name = names [ rand ( 8 ) ] ; firstborn = false ; } / / end while been too long since i 've done java . 
  cretin is such an under appreciated insult . 
  i feel special . 
  what fucking subreddits have you been on ? 
  if you say anything other than `` those fucking immigrants are a huge problem '' you get showered in downvotes here . 
  but ofcourse you got ta be le anti-circlejerk , even when it does n't exist . 
  um , it 's entirely unconscious while it gets killed . 
   crnaruka really ? 
  this just in ; business owners willing to make a deal with satan in order to increase profits , tune in next for more information absolutely nobody is surprised about . 
  the poles do n't understand what thatcher did and the glorify her beyond all reason . 
  a defensive military alliance that bombed serbia without being attacked ... right . 
  let 's not forget libya . 
  it 's irrelevant what it is on paper . 
  it 's a military alliance . 
  nowhere is it codified that it must resist and combat imperialism on a global level ; of course it would n't , it 's made up primarily of states that are imperialist and act entirely on their state interests , nothing more , nothing less . 
   just maybe , some reform is needed . 
  why is that again ? 
  what purpose does it serve to shit all over 99.9 % of the population so the other 0.01 % gets a few million euros extra ? 
  trickle-down does not work . 
  nato is not a force of anti-imperialism , it 's a military alliance . 
  sounds like a piece of shit, 
  the `` cold war '' starting or ending is a myth , really . 
  the cold war is just when the stakes got raised . 
  the game of geopolitics is and always has been about these things and it 's all about developing new strategies to fight against your opponents . 
  people and countries are nothing but pieces on a chessboard . 
  yes , and tell me , what is your next option when russia sees the embargo , says `` well , fuck you guys '' , and then invades ukraine ? 
  i should 've been more clear ; for a conventional war force we 're not well equipped . 
  we have some of the best equipped infantry/mechanized infantry in the western world . 
  it 's a rapid reaction force ; i.e. 
  they rapidly react to whatever situation arises . 
  well , yeah , we hide the identity of the irish rangers [ but they do n't wear that weird shit ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pgdmicv.jpg ) . 
  with that said , the frogmen look intimidating as fuck . 
  does n't matter if they have an awp, 
  excluding nuclear fallout , around 4 100 megaton bombs would be enough to flatten the country . 
  5 if we wanted to include the north . 
  that 's direct blast , i.e. 
  if i were to hit dublin city centre it would scorch everything from dundalk to gorey . 
  nukes are honestly a non-factor . 
  how can someone defend themselves by committing suicide ? 
  the biggest international rrf we have is a quarter that size . 
  i 'm perfectly fine with our ( ireland 's ) stance on neutrality . 
  we have a military that is poorly equipped and is not fit for nato operations in any serious capacity . 
  it 's designed to do what it already does ; operations with the un . 
  the closest thing we got to a war was in the 60 's during the congo crisis , and nothing really since then . 
  the alternative , is to hop over the border and join the british army , which they 're perfectly fine with . 
  there 's still irish units . 
  i say this because not only would the british be more likely to use a military force proactively , they 're also far more experienced than anything we have . 
  not to mention we both speak english , the british army is far better funded and far better equipped , i.e. 
  it 's designed for war . 
  we 're not . 
  with that said , if the irish military were to get more funding , better equipment , and were to find a legitimate niche for itself within the wide context of the european armed forces ( for example , we have no airforce , no real tanks , and a scrap metal navy , so if we invested way more into our infantry and infantry support capabilities ) , i 'd consent to it being used along side troops on certain operations ; but not as a nato memberstate . 
  the furthest i 'd ever willingly let things go is as far as sweden and finland are now i.e. 
  nato cooperation , not membership . 
  i 've also always said that if people want us to break our neutrality , they can subsidize our military to get it up to international war standard . 
  but we 've never been a militarized nation . 
  west supports pakistan , india does not like pakistan . 
  pretty much sums up the situation . 
  2012 , when he was supporting orb\u00e1n 's new constitution against eu memberstate criticism .
