  then there 's the one with you being butt-mad about the gay guy not getting deported to a country where gays are murdered . 
  looks to me that you could n't get any traction on the uk subreddits and as soon as your buddies from 4chan started brigading you came out of the woodwork . 
  looks like this thread got deleted from the front page . 
  too many pieces of shit came out of the woodwork , it appears . 
  got it : you ca n't respond to actual logic . 
  your entire post history is filled with hatred for foreign people . 
  if you do n't want to be dismissed as a piece of shit racist , i suggest you mix it up sometime . 
  / r/conspiracy is that way . 
  you 're pushing a non-issue and are entirely trying to sidetrack the conversation because you know you 're wrong . 
  i do n't know why people are taking the word xenophobia as some thought terminating clich\u00e9 . 
  if it quacks like a duck , walks like a duck , and looks like a duck , it 's a duck . 
  and if ukip a ` int a duck , then i do n't know what is . 
  when your primary policies are based on stopping foreigners from getting into your country , then you 're a xenophobe . 
  you may not be racist , but you * are * a xenophobe by definition . 
  limiting immigration is n't the issue , having gigantic posters that come down to the single message ; `` immigrants - out '' is a blatantly xenophobic issue . 
  his policy is `` dey tuk our jerbs '' , which is something people continuously take the piss out of and for good reason . 
  it 's a fucking moronic , scapegoat cop-out based on being a reactionary . 
  he talks about keeping working class jobs in one breath while simultaneously championing policies that will lead to increased privatisation and shit on the benefits so many of those of the working class rely on . 
  he 's an out and out xenophobe . 
  if he cared about the working class in any capacity his sole pro-working class policy would n't be kicking out the foreigners . 
  gr8 b8 m8, 
  that 's discrimination based on race . 
  forgetting the whole moral issue there , setting price based on nationality is also illegal within the common market . 
  if you want to enjoy trade with the rest of europe , you ca n't do that . 
  it 's ridiculously obvious . 
  it is n't racist , but it * is * xenophobic . 
  i do n't know why people are taking the word xenophobia as some thought terminating clich\u00e9 . 
  if it quacks like a duck , walks like a duck , and looks like a duck , it 's a duck . 
  and if ukip a ` int a duck , then i do n't know what is . 
  when your primary policies are based on stopping foreigners from getting into your country , then you 're a xenophobe . 
  you may not be racist , but you * are * a xenophobe by definition . 
  ca n't corner the dorner . 
  ummm , luxembourg , malta , cyprus , estonia , latvia , slovenia . 
  on top of which , catalonia and basque country are already subjugated under spain . 
   the fact that they are n't recognized officially as a different nation does n't mean that they do n't consider themselves as such . 
  by that logic * you * are the foreign agents acting within * their * borders . 
   nothing says you ca n't be a federalist without also believing the right to self-determination is superseded by the principle of territorial integrity . 
  and i would argue nothing supersedes the right to self-determination , on top of the fact that territorial integrity is a construct of foreign relations , not internal separatism . 
  i 'm dodging the question because it 's preposterous . 
  that will never , ever , happen so it 's not an issue worth discussing . 
  if you want to discuss such hypotheticals then the entire world would have open borders , because that 's the only situation in which this would happen . 
  in which case i would pose the counter-question ; why would people choose uk out of every other place on this planet ? 
  here 's a slightly more realistic one ; do you think the rest of the world should let people from the uk in ? 
  if we refused to accept that reality we 'd all be working for less than the people over in china . 
  it happens . 
  the solution is to stimulate the economy to create more jobs . 
  what makes you think that if the entire world 's borders were open the first place everybody would want to go is the uk ? 
   you and people like you are , if anything , the reason why reddit went to shit . 
  right . 
  not the people who are spamming new accounts to come talk shit , from the very first post . 
  try again . 
  but that does n't work in a first past the post system and that 's been demonstrably shown by the history of who 's been in government in the uk for the past century . 
  it 's mathematically inclined to a 2-party system . 
  next election lib dem will be forced back to the fringe . 
  labour will take most of their seats , and ukip will take a few from the tories , if they 're lucky . 
  there 's a big media campaign behind farage right now but when people are in the toll booth and look at their options that wont realistically transfer into votes for the party , especially seeing as farage seems to be the only person in ukip who has any kind of political savvy . 
  i 'm still confused as to how that happened . 
  there 's no continuity . 
  it 's all western europe , then just romania out there on its own . 
  yeah , it definitely was n't maggie thatcher or anyone else . 
  it 's ~ ~ implying ~ ~ outright saying foreigners are coming to steal native jobs . 
  it 's not racist but those posters are the quintessential example of xenophobia - hatred or fear of the foreign . 
  and if there are so many homeless brits than invest more into programs to get them off the streets . 
  it 's ~ ~ implying ~ ~ outright saying foreigners are coming to steal native jobs . 
  it 's not racist but those posters are the quintessential example of xenophobia - hatred or fear of the foreign . 
  edit : til english people do n't like the english language . 
  because people constantly come here from stormfront to spam threads with shit . 
   and broke 3 party politics in the westminster . 
  that existed ? 
  because up until last election it 's been 2-party politics , and that 's probably what it will return to being next election . 
  how ? 
  i did n't say it was bad . 
  i have no words for how fucked that is . 
  ah but my complaints have been agreed with by the mods and now we have a megathread , thus the shoe is on the other foot . 
   how about keeping it civil , eh ? 
  what else would you call it ? 
  you 're complaining about not having the page flooded with ukrainian news when there 's megathread for it and about 3 other subreddits which will effectively be dedicated to it . 
  i hope it goes through . 
  a higher minimum wage improves the conditions of the working class . 
   in case that is an actual question : posts and discussions with wide range of topics related to ukraine crisis . 
  they have varied from geopolitics to security , from energy policies to economics , and from history to opinion surveys . 
  your loaded question implies they have all been about the same , which is patently incorrect . 
  all of which have been repeatedly covered . 
  there is such a thing as finite discussion potential . 
  it 's been done . 
  if you 're so butthurt about it go post in the megathread and create a discussion , because all the trivial news items will be posted there in the comments , just reply to them like a normal thread . 
   you just claimed that upvoting posts is not how reddit works or is even supposed to work . 
  now you claim upvoting fundamentally supports you and according to your argument it 's `` the lowest common denominator i.e. 
  the least invested people in the subreddit '' . 
  yes , exactly . 
  the whole point was that i was using your logic to justify my argument . 
  it does n't hold up at all . 
   as i already said : i very much disagree with your suggestion to stifle discussion by unwarranted moderator action which deprives / r/europe from having a choise on what is sees as relevant . 
  your arguments with hyperboles , patently incorrect claims , and self-contradictions have not convinced me otherwise . 
  there 's nothing hyperbolic about my arguments in the slightest . 
  it 's just another scheme to attract more people back to russia to deal with their population problems . 
  yeah , i do n't see how that 's going to be feasible , even the us left the regulation of minimum wage to the states because the cost of living was so varied . 
   a lot of events have taken place within last three months , events that have shaken the very security structures built in europe after wwii . 
  we are looking at history in the making , which should be very relevant to our continent and the economic and political structures on it for decades to come , and you claim it 's a well gone dry . 
  oh , an argument i 've seen before .
