  the bias on this sub has become beyond ridiculous and prohibitive of balanced discussion . 
  ignore the title and read the article , it 's a surprisingly detailed analysis . 
  it 's pretty `` realpolitik '', 
  he 's so * with it *, 
  the russian government has n't accused ukraine of shooting it down ( officially ) ; it 's putting the responsibility of the incident on ukraine as it was in ukrainian airspace . 
  everyone recognizes it happened , except the separatists factions ( and even then that was only at the start ) , which we can admit is heavily supported and influenced by russia , but they are not russia themselves . 
  america refused all responsibility until iran took them to court . 
  yeah , ok , they 're not directly the same but the difference is that the usa could get away with saying `` oops , well , it 's their fault anyways '' , russia would n't be able to do that . 
  if that 's the stance you 're taking then you 're * directly * contradicting yourself ;  well , i would like to see a source on that . 
  i do n't remember nato forces generating mass graves of civilians which they try to hide instead of publishing number of civilian deaths , parading pows and washing streets afterwards , performing mock executions and putting them online , denying ( keyword ) that they shot down a civilian airliner and then fabricating stories that the enemy did it , making ground incursions into nations and then denying that this is occurring , annexing territory of sovereign nations . 
  i 'm not sure i would call that equally bad . 
  you should probably look up the following ; - abu ghraib - guantanamo bay - british army treatment of prisoners of war during the northern ireland conflict - iran flight 655 all the things you 've mentioned , have been done by almost every western government in existence , almost universally without real consequence . 
  except maybe the mass graves thing . 
  they may or may not have been under the mantle of nato at the time of action , but they are all nato nations . 
  the treatment of kurds in turkey is also worth a passing mention . 
  complicit endorsement of russian imperialism is definitely not what i want , but we should absolutely temper our approach ... we know that the ukrainian military command has no regard for civilian life , we would do well not to give them better means in which to take it . 
  medical and logistical aide should be provided . 
  of course whataboutism is pointless and detracts from the discussion , but this is not that situation . 
  and what the separatists are doing is a bad thing , but it is not unique to these separatists and if we 're going to start talking about punishing separatists for these crimes we should start talking about punishing our own people as well , most of which got off with slaps on the wrists or got off altogether , let alone the utter immunity that the higher up ranks and politicians have from punishment in regards to war crimes committed in the past . 
   who cares ? 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  that 's precisely his point ... why would we so thoroughly condemn russians when europeans and americans alike have committed the same crimes ( and often worse ) ? 
  fair criticism is required here , the russians/russian propped separatists are not overtly unique , they 're just the only westerners i know that actually * advertise * it ... 
  because there 's only two options , right ? 
  the ukrainians are shelling their own people . 
  that 's not right . 
  we should n't facilitate that even if the russians are doing it to ukrainians . 
  i do n't see what israel has to do with radical leftism other than its opposition to imperialism and immigration does n't really make or break anything unless you 're utterly inhumane about it ... 
  i 'm an unashamed radical . 
  i 'm just trying to figure out if there 's anything to this `` moderate '' stance that is n't totally arbitrary . 
  you tried  it represents statelessness . 
  what constitutes moderate ? 
  this sub has a very strong right wing population . 
  a lot of people do n't seem to realize liberalism is right wing ideology . 
  the very far right like ultranationalists , ethnic nationalists , open nazis and fascists are not very welcome here , yes , but the same is true for socialists , communists and anarchists ( which pretty much encompasses the entire left except for left-greens ) . 
  try to discuss things with a leftist tinge and you get called all manner of things and downvoted - * albeit with some reasonable exception * . 
  but unless it 's very tame and centrist , views are generally not welcome from either side . 
  3 years before the election ? 
  something tells me these are n't going to be accurate of the final result . 
  i reckon he just got caught up in another operation to get an informant . 
  he * is * a counter-intelligence officer . 
  he 'll get handed back over eventually . 
  no , it is n't the start of `` salami tactics '' , this is simply espionage . 
  of course we were , we just decided to pick fights with the developing world instead . 
  we eussr now, 
   haha , no , sorry . 
  the red army had a lot of men but their tech was very meh . 
  actually , no . 
  russia 's military tech was on par with the rest of the allies and in cases surpassed them . 
  the idea of russian technological inferiority is an utterly baseless myth . 
  again , nuclear weapons solved nothing in this situation unless you make eastern europe a nuclear wasteland , which was not the objective of operation unthinkable . 
  russia by 1945 was the undisputed military power in europe . 
  the united states 's pacific naval power would be the only serious threat to russian power in a war scenario , which does not help the allies in western europe who would get their shit kicked in . 
  if the usa wants to join , we are * not * calling ourselves the `` federation of liberal democracies '', 
  european union works for me . 
  no kebab allowed . 
  the struggle is real . 
  i laugh how they like russia more than romania . 
  it 's an additional `` spearhead '' force . 
  i do n't think it was . 
  every time an irish flair says anything about anything , eastern europeans jump down their throat and start yelling at them about how `` you do n't know what it 's like something something neutral something something coward '' it 's ridiculous , uncalled for in general , and insanely inaccurate and unfair . 
  the british expeditionary force was fighting in belgium when belgium got invaded . 
  they were n't bloody joking when they called it `` operation unthinkable '' people seem to think the nukes were the answer to life 's problems , but the allies would 've gotten their shit kicked in by the red army in europe no matter how many nukes they dropped in russia . 
  may i remind you that , unlike say , denmark , ireland is a member of the [ cdsp ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/common_security_and_defence_policy ) ireland is not a neutral nation . 
  it 's an unaligned nation . 
  there 's a dramatic difference . 
  ireland lets the us use it for logistics , and is a key point along the nato logistic chain . 
  ireland goes abroad with eufor missions . 
  ireland trains the military forces of other countries - including the likes of afghanistan . 
  not only are you insultingly ignorant , you 're entirely guilty and demonstrative of all the things he mentioned in his post . 
  you are exaggerating a threat , silencing dissenting views , and talking as if war is an absolute inevitability . 
  and the israeli airforce has proven repeatedly that numbers are not the be-all-end-all when you have better equipment . 
  it 's not useless , no . 
  nato ca n't use its magical powers of teleportation to ignore logistics and bring all of its troops to the front line . 
  as such , the military strength of border countries is fairly important . 
  for when they buy tanks or get them from allies they have a force capable of using them . 
  i do n't see what the reconquista has to do with this unless he was making a joke ( in which case * whoosh * ) but seeing as describing islam as a `` stone age '' or `` caveman '' religion is classic islamophobic speech , and given we are in / r/europe , i would n't be surprised if it was real . 
  but a nuclear bomb is n't going to help you deal with the very significant problem of an open war in the eastern part of your country , it 's only a final solution in which you defend yourself by committing suicide , it has nothing to deal with what happens between peace and that suicide . 
  a large conventional force within a military alliance ( not necessarily nato ) firstly , shuts down these kinds of localized wars , and secondly it means that you will be better able to deal with enemies like russia . 
  on a slightly different note , it 's also more people employed in the military . 
   your ideal society would start as several billion microstates and end up as some sort of feudal despotism . 
  so ... kinda like how human civilization first started ? 
  the reasons adequately explained above by / u/nygreenandwhite are why anarchists are almost universally anti-capitalist ... 
  dunno why you were getting downvoted ; it 's a pretty simple way of explaining it but it 's also fairly on the money . 
  in short ; interest dictates how much money banks get for keeping their money in storage , the lower the interest , the less money , and if inflation is higher than the interest then banks are actually losing money . 
  so it 's a double-hit when the interest rate is lowered and then it incentivizes banks to lend in order to create a profit . 
  they have an incompetent military command and all the politicians in power are the same as the ones they just ousted ( which is what makes this whole conflict so hilariously pointless , the russians are n't even fighting for anything meaningful ) . 
  so , those two things lead to poorly functioning military that does things like this . 
  georgia did the same thing with south ossetia , shelled the cities which the russians then used as a pretext to invade . 
  i hope it happens just to spite fucks like you . 
  a nuclear bomb is a terrible deterrent . 
  it would n't stop the conflict going on in eastern ukraine right now , because no sane human being would use a nuclear bomb in such a situation , and no sane human being would force a nuclear power into a position in which it has no choice but to use the nuclear bomb . 
  a large , conventional , modern force is the best deterrent against all aggression . 
  the reality is that weaker nations like ukraine can not manage that on their own , and as such need alliances . 
  one of the biggest advantages to the uk 's economy is that it 's in the eu . 
  this allows companies to set up in the uk for lower tax rates and as such benefit . 
  the problem with that , however , is that there are other countries in the eu with similar setups ( ireland , netherlands , luxemburg etc. ), 
  in which , if the uk left the eu , would leave plenty of options for those multinational corporations . 
  the biggest rule about capital is that if it see greater profitability elsewhere , * it will flee * .
