  see the hypocrisy here ? 
  the only reason you 're arguing this is because the germans lost . 
  yet we are remembering the red army . 
  and we are also remembering the allies . 
  if he 's doing whataboutism , you 're doing hypocrisy . 
  so you 're saying i could control who my parents were ? 
  damn why did n't i get myself some rich-ass parents . 
  a feeling of supremacy is the natural consequence of nationalism . 
  if we want a country that was truly ruined by both wars , look at belgium . 
  then again , they had this colony the size of europe which they used to supplement their economy . 
  i think you 're being a little unfair . 
  the soviets and the germans were fundamentally at odds . 
  there was going to be a war between them . 
  the sentiment of `` the russians must die so we may live '' was not necessarily an unfair one , especially when the soldiers themselves are already in the midst of a war with said russians . 
  the wehrmacht was in many ways an army just like the others ; it was brainwashed with state beliefs , they believed what they were fighting for , and they fought with bravery . 
  just like the allies , just like the soviets . 
  hmm , it appears ukraine has n't signed up to it , but i was thinking the convention on cluster munitions . 
  so you are telling me that if the germans were not fighting a single other person during world war ii , * just the soviets * , the soviets still would 've won ? 
  hardly . 
  the eastern front had the worst and heaviest fighting , but stalin had been pressuring the allies for years to open up the second front . 
  normandy was the second front . 
  the war was a collective effort , and if any of the cogs in the allied war machine fell off the whole thing would 've fallen apart . 
  saying one side had `` more impact '' is a redundant statement , each side and each operation had the impact required to win the war . 
  this article is pretty biased . 
  nope , there were no soviets in d-day . 
  they were always on the eastern front . 
  during the whole event putin was getting such little respect compared to other states it was unbelievable !, 
  a place putin is too short to reach . 
  they do well . 
  but only when they make sense . 
  hah , you think americans would vote for sanders ? 
  that man 's an out and out socialist . 
  yeah because premeditated execution of surrendered combatants ( also widely known as a war crime ) is *** exactly the same *** as bombing a separatist administration building with collateral deaths . 
  not that the latter is a good outcome , but it is apples to oranges . 
  you do n't need to surrender to desert , just abandon your post . 
  you realize you are defending war crimes ? 
  what potential does the eu have without further integration ? 
  helicopters , not planes . 
  each mistral was a hangar deck capable of holding 16-35 helicopters , depending on weight . 
  holding two mistrals allows the russians to deploy 32 + combat helicopters in a supporting action anywhere within the mistral 's ( very extensive ) operational range . 
  each ship can , for a short duration , hold 900 soldiers . 
  for longer duration , 450 . 
  excluding operational crew . 
  excluding the helicopters , each ship can hold 60 ground assault vehicles , or a 40-strong tank battalion . 
  it is a ship * designed * to work as a mobile command and control center in very distant operational theatres . 
  if they were to use any of their ports in the black sea , they could project this power to anywhere in the arabian peninsula or coast of africa . 
  it 's no aircraft carrier , but it allows russia to be far more versatile in its troop deployments and makes future interventions a more likely possibility . 
  it also creates a shitty situation for ukraine because it allows russia to deploy a strong force anywhere on ukraine 's southern coastline . 
   irish leverage is having the lowest corporate tax rate in the world , everyone uses leverage . 
  we 're not the biggest tax haven in europe , i assure you . 
   and by the way , ireland is supposed to be part of the eu , yet all i see is irish redditors say is how they have no military and will never have one because they are out of harms way . 
  and i am strongly against that view . 
  i think ireland should be striving to modernize its military capacity . 
  it is not like we are an inactive force , we 've hundreds of people overseas at any given time , and have been doing so for the past 60 years . 
  there 's just no political will in our current economic climate to invest an extra billion euros into our military . 
  hell , we had a recruitment freeze up until very recently . 
  i can see the efd merging with lepen 's group . 
  that does n't really come into the play when you 're crunching the numbers on your budget . 
   it 's not like they are going to make much of a difference military . 
  they actually do . 
  each of these warships acts as a mobile base . 
  sort of a miniature aircraft carrier . 
  russia can drop around 1000 men with a few dozen supporting combat aircraft and tanks pretty much anywhere its interests lie now . 
  that includes ukraine or africa and so on . 
  with that said , france is a big arms exporter . 
  these are also their ships . 
  it makes sense for them to complete the contract , in order to maintain their credibility in the industry , and on top of that they know the designs inside out so there 's little chance of it backfiring . 
  the only problem is that it gives russia a longer reach . 
  it 's just the first step in making the rufed 's military a more international force . 
   personally , i 'm sick of spending our tax money defending all of you , when we have problems enough here . 
  and i 'm sick of you guys using that as leverage . 
  it would be better for everyone if we were self-reliant in terms of security , but realistically as long as the us is footing the bill there is no incentive to do otherwise . 
  i 'd call it vague , not misleading . 
  lepen is n't in control . 
  hahahah hahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahahahaha oh god , that was good . 
   that 's very much a top imposing on the bottom approach . 
  that depends on how it is done . 
  if they keep it in the treaty format where each country votes independently , then it is not a `` top imposing on bottom '' scenario . 
   it solves the problem of having different kinds of welfare that 's not really a problem that needs to be fixed . 
  basic income is there to be a financial base to fall back on when/if you are made redundant . 
  if you want to give * everyone * a living wage ( which is more than some people in some places get paid to start with ) the economic effect will be the same as increasing the minimum wage , except it 'll be the government providing the money . 
  so , think about this for a second . 
  what is inflation ? 
  to simplify it , it is essentially the rate of change of the value of money . 
  if there is way more money in circulation , that means that money is worth less , so inflation goes up . 
  this can happen through things like rapid increase in wages and so on , such as a dramatic increase in minimum wage . 
  same principal applies here . 
  if everyone has more money to spend , either that money needs to be taken from somewhere , or you 're going to start experiencing high inflation . 
  it 's like people think russian politicians are stupid enough to just shove extra votes into the ballot box without thinking about it . 
  this poll makes no sense . 
  that , or people make no sense . 
  i do n't view that as a practical solution . 
  i 'm not a fan of basic income because it 's an extremely inefficient answer and does n't really solve any problems . 
  essentially , if we introduced a basic income , the effect would be the same as an increase in minimum wage . 
  inflation would rise and the basic income would have to be perpetually increased to keep up with it . 
  in order to make basic income be on par with the welfare systems it replaces , the government would either drive itself into unsustainable levels of debt or have to raise taxes and cut back on all public services . 
  we just get to the point where , yeah , there 's no such thing as people with absolutely no money anymore , but if you want to play everyone in the country a living wage by default , all you 're going to do is drive up prices and today 's living wage will not be the living wage of tomorrow . 
  essentially , for basic income to work , the government would have to find a way to prevent massive market inflation while simultaneously cutting back and raising taxes . 
  how ? 
  i do n't know how they 'd manage that .
