  i did n't know reza was politically active, 
  you do n't need to be dirt poor to be disenfranchised and alienated from the society you live in . 
  yes , if we were to extract all the scottish votes from this year 's election , the tories would n't need to be in coalition to secure a majority . 
  but really , at the end of the day the vast , vast , vast majority of the time , the scottish vote is largely irrelevant . 
  excluding this current coalition , the scot vote has n't made any difference in a long , long time , and despite their centre-left tendencies it still has n't protected them from westminster 's right wing policies . 
  it will weaken labour , yes , but the damage is being exaggerated . 
  hardly , scotland is only 5 million people , england is 60 . 
  it will have an effect , yes , but losing 1/12 of your population to independence is not going to dramatically change the demographics of the country . 
  the problem is not the scots leaving , it 's the terrible labour campaign strategy . 
  i , for one , welcome suk !, 
  fptp systems are inherently gravitating towards two parties . 
  since ww1 there 's only been 2 coalitions if we 're excluding the one during world war 2 . 
  including the current coalition . 
  you ca n't end the 2 party system when you 're using a voting method that 's inherently going to be a 2 party system . 
  if the vote ends up fracturing and we get a period of successive coalitions , it 'll be - relatively speaking - brief once the effects of fptp start to slide back in . 
  erosion of the 2 party system ? 
  what ? 
  congrats on doing so well serbia !, 
  i 'm an irish leftie , and i know the scottish lefties are almost all supporting independence , i could provide some info from that perspective ? 
  oh , so you have to be a socialist now to be against racism and bigotry ? 
  wow , you guys are grasping at straws . 
  try not supporting xenophobia/racism/bigotry . 
  you 're just showing how people like you ( bigots ) have no defense when someone actually calls you out on your bullshit . 
  meh , it was more than the battle of the boyne , and it was part of a wider conflict - i 'd say the boyne is the most famous one just as a result of how major the unionists have made it out to be , but the battle of aughrim is probably the biggest battle out of that entire conflict . 
  so it 's trolling now to call out people for being bigoted ? 
  guess 1.6 billion people must be terrorists !, 
  and if you do n't think that ? 
  stupid !, 
  supporting racism is the * european * thing to do , guys !, 
   when you say someone who puts down a culture or a religion is a racist , you just look stupid . 
  yeah , sure , i 'll just make generalizations insulting absolutely everything about a whole group of people ; that does n't make me an ignorant piece of shit at all !, 
  funny how you ignored my question , probably because it would 've exposed you for the sick racist you are . 
  you must be busy , running around calling marx a nazi and all those other intelligent things . 
  funny you bring up indonesians , you want to call them barbarians , too ? 
  or how about irish muslims ? 
  or british ones ? 
  yeah guys , not being a racist is defending barbarism . 
  you sick fuck . 
  oh , so all your racist comments about `` culture '' and other things on this sub have nothing to do with race ... 
  right . 
  and it 's also not racist if i hate jews , right ? 
  it 's just a religion !, 
  generalizing 1.6 billion people ... something only racists can agree with . 
  try and defend yourself by saying they 're `` not a race '' all you want , does n't fundamentally change what you are . 
  \\ #justmoreracialhatredthings, 
  funny story about that video , it was fabricated and the lemmings were actually driven over the cliff by the researchers . 
  interesting allegory for the current situation , right ? 
   true , but the uk could be spectacularly vindictive about it . 
  could be , but probably wont be . 
  the idea that we can even have this conversation before a yes vote is made is ridiculous . 
  we do n't know if there 'll be a currency union , and both side can say what they want but until they sit down to negotiate as separate governments , there 's no way we 'll know . 
  without the currency union , scotland can still do perfectly fine anyways , just not so immediately . 
  a degenerating one . 
  it 's not a fantasy if it 's real you moron . 
  `` remembering some reports about some ad in senegal '' is not empirical fucking evidence for an entire fucking continent . 
  jesus christ i do n't know how you can be so fucking ignorant when there 's so much information on the internet . 
  but hey , central african republic , eritrea , somalia , sudan , syria , mali , the congo , and mauritania and western sahara are all places where there 's no war , no poverty , death , disease or starvation , that just makes me wonder why the fuck * i 'm * not emigrating to this utopia that is africa . 
  the * irony * of you telling me i 'm living in a fantasy when you 're living in some fucking make believe world where all of these places in africa are not total and utter hell holes of war , death , destruction , rampant poverty and oppression is fucking beyond me . 
  how the hell you believe that at the end of the day all of these destitute africans go home from their jobs , and turn on the tv to watch an episode of friends and then say `` hey , this show about america really wants to make me move to * europe * '' is just so ridiculous i do n't know what to tell you other than to get the hell back to reality and stop reading tabloid shit media and then saying `` hey , this one article by this tabloid shit media conforms to my stereotyped bias , therefore this applies to every situation ever '' . 
  like , how fucking crazy do you have to be to think these people risk dying * repeatedly * if their situation at home is * anything * better than what i 've described ? 
  but hey , why actually think like you have a quarter brain instead when you can accuse people of having fantasies and then stick your fingers in your ears and pretend all your problems could be solved if you got those selfish immigrants out of your country . 
  truth is , many africans are too fucking busy trying to not die from disease , war , or poverty to sit down and watch a tv show `` like friends '' at the end of the fucking day . 
  jesus , is this what you * actually * think of the people who come here illegally ? 
  the disconnect from reality is insane . 
  mostly from former french or belgian colonies , or somalia-ethiopia-eritrea regions if they 're trying to escape to england . 
  yes , that 's why i added the `` et al. '', 
  - the majority of communist movements during the cold war were forcibly subordinated and dominated by the stalinist regime ( and later regimes in the ussr ) . 
  mao , for example , was a great fan of stalinist theory . 
  there were other attempts that were crushed by force - the anarchist revolutions in catalonia that succeeded but were eventually stomped out by franco and the russian-backed stalinists during the civil war , the paris commune , which was stamped out by french army , there was the 1918 left-communist revolution in germany which was militarily crushed and ended in the creation of the weimar republic , there were various cases all across latin america and africa where regimes that were what we consider today to be liberal democracies , but which were sympathetic to communism , were overthrown in military coups ... 
  it 's not that socialists or marxists have n't tried anything , it 's that when they did - particularly during the cold war - pretty much everyone tried to kill them . 
  those that survived did so specifically because they were authoritarian regimes that suppress all dissent and therefore maintained a secure grip on power . 
  the theory 's sound , it just requires that some dickhead does n't come in and knock over the sandcastle . 
  it 's because of that reality that socialism is internationalist in nature as opposed to stalin 's `` socialism in one country '' . 
  real democratic socialism ca n't really exist if there 's major powers out there trying to kill it . 
  i would counter that question with the statement that the founding fathers were n't a homogeneous entity and all had different views , some at a very fundamental . 
  republics as we see them were n't built in a day , remember . 
  they rose and fell and iterated through many different means all throughout * centuries * of struggle against monarchy and the old ways of life . 
  socialists today almost universally reject the ussr ( et al. 
  ) 's way of rule - the trotskyite term , i believe , is a `` degenerated worker 's state '' i.e. 
  a failure . 
  there 's a very wide variation in socialist theory , always has been . 
  we just went through a shitty period of shitty people doing shitty things , and we should n't give up on the idea . 
  thatcher and paisley in 18 months ? 
  someone somewhere is wondering what to do with his third wish, 
  it 's really quite pragmatic , i think . 
  either way , i think it 's less of a fantasy than expecting things to work out well for us if we keep things the way they are right now . 
  have you seen the other people in politics there ? 
  between the ultra-right party that wants to annex pakistan and the old communist party , a ` int much choice for the people of russia ( my sympathies to them ) . 
  yup , more or less . 
  we 'll all get disenfranchised by foreign labour ( not their fault really ) , and they 'll get disenfranchised by machines as the ultimate conclusion to our current economic system . 
  on my soapbox here , but socialism has a somewhat straightforward answer to automation ... 
  if the means of production are owned by the workers , then it does n't matter if robots replace them . 
  the means of production being `` everything required to make a product from the harvesting of raw resources to the distribution to the population '' . 
  that would mean then , that if the workers own a factory , and then they 're made redundant by machines , they * still * win because they * own * those machines . 
  then at that point , we no longer have to work , or rely on governments for welfare or anything like that , and we can all pursue our hobbies . 
  we just have to get people used to the idea by combating the social stigma against people who have been made redundant through no action of their own . 
  or , of course , things could always end up in a horribly dystopian fashion where fascism , luddites and never ending war reigns , but i do n't think that 's very pragmatic in the long run . 
  let 's hope not . 
  anyone that would replace him would be worse . 
  unless it 's medvedev , i 'd like to give that guy a chance in the driver seat and see if he 'd change shit up .
