  it 's just ethnic banter mate, 
  i 'd go with what germany/ukraine are saying , as it seems to be the most widely proliferated version of the story . 
  for now . 
  is n't taking foreign officials hostage an excuse for direct foreign intervention ? 
  when i was younger , me and my brothers used to annoy eachother all the time by putting our finger less than an inch from eachother 's face and just holding it there , preferably obstructing vision or things like that . 
  just being annoying . 
  to wind up eachother up when one of us tried to stop it , you 'd simply `` not touching !, 
  ca n't tell !, 
  '' , as in ca n't tell our parents on eachother , the idea being if there was no physical contact , we were n't doing anything wrong ( even though we all knew full well we were doing something wrong ) . 
  it was something childish done simply for the sake of being antagonistic and provoking a reaction . 
  this reminds me an awful lot of that . 
  that 's amazing , but to the best of my knowledge we do n't . 
  it would be took big , we 've a practically different accent every mile . 
  to the best of my knowledge that 's never happened so it would be uncharted territory to do so . 
  presumably it 's based off good will , which is poor political foresight . 
  communication between law enforcement . 
  if they pack up and leave town , tell the next town to be ready for them . 
  countries launch manhunts for one man , a community of people should be easy to find and easy to catch . 
  treat them like normal people . 
  if they commit a crime , punish them . 
  if they immigrate , treat them like other immigrants . 
  as it stands , these communities are practically a law unto themselves and it 's because many places do not have the resources to deal with them . 
  a more hardline policy is required and with that most resources for law enforcement where they are held to the same standards as everyone else . 
  the * same * standards , not worse or better . 
  expansion of education for their children would also be beneficial . 
  i believe those two things would force integration . 
  it would n't work . 
  the whole point with gypsies etc is that they 're stateless and nomadic . 
  always have been and probably always will be . 
  i think both sides are ridiculous but i 'd probably side with greece on this one . 
  revisionist history is never ok , and that 's the whole point of the conflict behind macedonia and greece . 
  they 're claiming a heritage that does n't exist and it 's understandable that greece is getting annoyed . 
  in the same vein i think the greeks are being childish . 
  the roman empire , the british empire , greece , and so on , are all the common heritage of europeans every where , i believe , and the problem is that they do n't want to `` share '' it . 
  but with that said , i 'd rather side with the people who want to keep their heritage as exclusively theirs than the people who want to write themselves into history . 
  your name is top notch, 
  we do n't have * an * accent , we have accent ** s **, 
  i think the term you 're looking for is social democrat/social democratic . 
  extremes tend to rise up out of economic crises with some consistency . 
  there 's also a significant failure of the left wing in most countries to actually be effective . 
   on the other hand , their socialist policies , while giving money to poor and unemployed , have brought a lot of unemployement , and this is the failure of socialists policies . 
  socialist policies like what ? 
  because there 's no socialist governments in power anywhere . 
  not really , with certain policies hitler could 've been at least contained . 
  preventing him from remilitarizing the rhineland would 've been the big one . 
  martin luther karl marx adolf hitler napolean bonaparte emperor augustus, 
  he looks like a hoodlum more than a mayor . 
  i do n't know who carries such detailed documents when they 're planning on going out and shooting at people . 
  ireland has absolutely no ethnic or racial tensions whatsoever . 
  i 've only ever heard racial slurs from drunks younger than 15 who think they 're hot shit . 
  i 'm told i look foreign but i 'm never asked about a specific place . 
  i roll with it . 
  `` i 'm gon na go to donetsk and figure things out ... maybe come back here now that they know me '' this guy is crazy hahaha, 
   did protesters at majdan even used any military tactics or equipment ? 
  well , yeah , normal protesters do n't bunch together with shields and use roman legion tactics !, 
  they 're clearly external provocateurs . 
  [ appropriate ? 
  mute the left ] ( http://youtubedoubler.com/?video1=https%3a%2f%2fwww.youtube.com%2fwatch%3fv%3do8_rl0pbkuk&amp;start1=&amp;video2=https%3a%2f%2fwww.youtube.com%2fwatch%3fv%3d9wqwfhx6cqg&amp;start2=&amp;authorname= ), 
   free trade agreements do n't imply regulatory harmonisation . 
  i do n't understand why you think they do . 
  but the european economic area * does * . 
  you 're asking for an economic area of 31 states which is already extremely well established to totally restructure so that you can totally disregard it 's principals . 
  the whole point of regulatory harmonization within the eea/efta area is not only that all the consumers , who these products are going to , are assured of the quality of the product , but it also ensures that other country 's industries can not be unfairly undermined through cheaper costs due to lack of regulation . 
  our union is the largest , wealthiest , most well organized on the entire planet . 
  what you 're asking for undermines every single aspect of that just so ukip and wave a piece of paper at the end of the day and tell everybody how special they are . 
  it 's simply not going to happen . 
  being a member of the eea/efta automatically infers uniform regulation . 
  you can not have your cake and eat it , too . 
  hah , that 'd be an achievement . 
  with the crazy shit i say on the internet i 'm probably already on all the fucking watchlists lol, 
  `` if you tell a lie big enough and keep repeating it , people will eventually come to believe it . '', 
  sorry , you 're wrong on all of those , i 'd blow myself up in a rage due to that dirty arab blood . 
   i ca n't believe that there has never been and can never be a pair of countries that would have 0 % tariffs on the generality of imports but which do n't have the harmonised `` quality assurance and regulations '' you refer to . 
  maybe , i 'm not familiar with the trade deals between every country on the planet , but every state that wants to be in the eea/efta must absolutely comply with the regulations . 
  * every * state . 
  this includes norway , switzerland , liechtenstein and iceland . 
  croatia is in the eu and even * they * are not in the eea as they have only recently met requirements and are still being ratified by every other member of the eea . 
  on top of which , switzerland , while not a member of the eea , also complies with these regulations as a member of efta . 
  there are 29 other states that comply with eea regulations . 
  almost every single state in europe . 
  the united kingdom is not a special snowflake that can decide to ignore these regulations just because they 're british and it 's arrogant to think otherwise . 
  and if you are seriously telling me that you do n't understand why people who have free trade agreements have the same regulatory standards , i do n't know what to say . 
  are you seriously asking that ? 
  this is what i found http://info.moravia.com/blog/bid/96247/machine-translation-in-the-european-union http://www.euractiv.com/culture/parliament-cuts-translation-budg-news-516201, 
  all our official state matters get conducted in irish . 
  regardless , i do n't see why other languages should get interpreters but not irish . 
  it is a real , spoken , language . 
  you 're treading on the ground of requiring an official , single language of the european union that everyone must speak in order to work within the institution . 
  while i 'm not opposed to the concept , the question being asked would be what language should be picked , and then facing the reality that most people will be unhappy with whatever one is chosen . 
   when we were talking to the head of the danish delegation a couple of years ago , they said that the entire act costs the average eu citizen 2 euros . 
  i 'd like to see a source on that one . 
  well , 1 . 
  it opens up the way for the eu to break up . 
  which , understandably , europhiles and eurocrats do not wish to happen . 
  what the uk wants all the benefits of membership with none of the downsides . 
  understandable from their point of view . 
  however , when you have 27 other memberstates to consider , that 's just patently ridiculous from everyone else 's viewpoint . 
  you can not have the benefits ( free trade etc. ), 
  without the downsides ( quality assurance and regulations etc. 
  ) , which is the kind of thing ukip is advocating for .
