  i would say `` i hope hillary does n't get elected '' , but when looking at the other alternatives ... 
  i 'll have to say rt\u00c9 does a good job as far as neutrality goes . 
  it is n't stellar , obviously . 
  and they have some sympathies . 
  but they generally tend to keep the news on the straight and narrow , but very rarely do anything more than a 30 second soundbyte on international events - and this is our state national broadcaster , now . 
  newstalk radio also does a good job , and tends to have some real serious criticism of the government , regardless of who is in charge . 
  i think they 're pretty much keeping the information radio industry alive in ireland . 
  lemonde.fr is a great site imo , i used to use it when i was learning french . 
  i remember that time rt\u00c9 ran a story on itself getting sued for what i think was slander at the time . 
  as i get older , i cringe harder and harder every time i hear about someone `` asking for war stories '' . 
  maybe it 's just because when i used to ask my dad about his , he was pretty disturbed by it . 
  there 's a real life precedent for everything grrm does !, 
  it 's not talking about the debt , which you 're right about , it 's talking about the common fiscal policy . 
  european economies got popped because the backlash from the usa 's crisis . 
  that could 've been averted , however , had we not practiced in an ill disciplined manner . 
  this video in general , however , is like a child 's view of europe . 
  quite insulting towards greece , not very knowledgeable about where their money was going either or how they racked up the debt , and it made germany out to be some super disciplined leader where everyone else is children , when in reality it was the first of all of us to break the fiscal responsibility measures . 
  it 's a poor video , but it has good bits of information here and there . 
  we 're teetering . 
  we 're in the shallow part of the water , but we 're still not dry . 
  it could still get worse . 
  i 'm usually one to not get on the ussr hate boat , but western countries have as much schools and healthcare and infrastructure as eastern europe . 
  albeit the state-funded portion of it is much more ingrained in the east , which is good . 
  i agree about giggster , but really , pick your fights . 
  some good info , some inaccurate info . 
   do n't know if this is a skeleton , but i think we are n't good at coping with people with mental illnesses and children with high energy levels . 
  we have you beat on that , i think . 
  our one is that well into the late 1960s , ireland had the highest incarceration rate on the planet , with the ussr being a very distant 2nd place . 
  most of these were women or female children who families wanted to get rid of . 
  there are cases where there were 12 ( and so on ) year olds committed to mental hospitals , and lived their entire lives there and died in their 70 's . 
  any kind of independent thought from women usually led to them being incarcerated by someone , usually committed by their parents , but aided by the government . 
  there were some cases where the parents regretted their decision , but the government refused to release them because they were `` morally poisonous '' to society and would `` encourage similar behaviour '' amongst other women/girls of their age ( for example , if a woman who had a child out of wedlock wanted to go home , they would n't let her for these reasons ) . 
  on top of this , back in 2004/5 the government was trying to introduce a law that forbid children looking for their biological parents . 
  today , the traveller ( tl ; dr irish gypsy ) child mortality rate is 5x higher than the settled irish rate . 
  we also keep all asylum seekers locked up in a camp away from civilization and we have about 1,500 immigrant children in governmental care , where they 're treated like shit . 
  the government was preparing to violently put them down , but the soviets told them to knock if off . 
  the ddr government banned soviet materials and told their security forces to shoot . 
  the men on the ground decided to ignore german orders and did n't shoot at any of the protesters . 
  what it goes to show , though , is that it could 've easily turned violent . 
  the ddr was pretty unique in terms of the revolution occurring imminently prior to the collapse of the ussr . 
  that 's just not accurate and is a cop-out answer . 
  people do n't like muslims . 
  they 're all very cunning and intelligent and charismatic , but that does n't necessarily mean they 're worthy of respect . 
  respect is for how you use those traits , not that you have them in the first place . 
  however , unlike / u/acidburnzdeleted , i 'd do a much bigger favour for society and shoot them both once . 
  this has been going on since 1920 , gerrymandering is a part of politics , in northern ireland . 
  many countries outlaw it , but it 's still not uncommon ; for example , america does the same thing , which is how there 's very little swing in the votes . 
  this also happened in r. ireland in the 1980s . 
  i do n't believe they were equally developed ; i said one was n't a bigger shit hole than the other . 
  but i understand how i could 've implied that . 
  what i meant was that , yeah , we were more developed , but they had their way of life that was progressing at its own pace . 
  africa could 've been like europe today , had we not screwed it up . 
  i also think you 're being unfair to the cultural progress that africans had ; they had sophisticated societies with their own sense of justice and culture , they had stone buildings and music and all that , hell , parts of africa even resisted colonialism somewhat successfully - ethiopia . 
  so , yeah , a lot of africa was simply tribal and semi-nomadic , but that did n't mean they did n't have their own civilization that worked . 
  it is because of our forced deconstruction of that society that much of africa is in conflict today . 
  jesus i 've never heard of anyone saying soccer . 
  though i suppose where gaa is the most common sport it would make sense . 
  ah , yes , i love your logic . 
  because we were `` more civilized '' and `` advanced '' we have every right to do what we did . 
  your mentality belongs in the last century . 
  the funniest thing about their kind is that they 're not * racist * , oh , no , they 're just * realists * !, 
  or they ca n't be racist because muslims are n't a race , * duh * . 
  well , they all fought in the egyptian army . 
  one of them was infantry , and died during the crossing , the opening offensive on the israeli bar-lev line . 
  it was an incredibly successful assault , but egypt still took some casualties . 
  uncle omar just happened to be one of them . 
  another one died during an israeli attack on the 8th , which was repulsed . 
  he was also in the infantry . 
  another of the brothers was a tanker , and he died when israeli airforce bombed his tank when he was ordered to move outside of the egyptian air defense net . 
  and then the fourth one died trying to relieve the third army , which was encircled when the israelis violated the ceasefire borders . 
  he was in the airforce . 
  my dad was a combat medic and managed to avoid getting himself killed , but from what he tells me he had a few close calls , one during the [ battle of chinese farm ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/96/1973_sinai_war_maps2.png ) , which was an [ egyptian defeat ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_the_chinese_farm ) . 
  war is a truly terrible thing . 
  the worst part of it was most men on both sides of the war were conscripted , and both believed they were fighting existentially . 
  must 've been awful , i try not to ask him too much about it . 
  lol, 
  what , and we needed to colonize , create widespread commercial slavery , exploit the land , and commit genocide to share technological progress ? 
  really ? 
  no , but no amount of muslims in any country wont make you any less of a fucking retard . 
  it 's sad that this discussion is even being had . 
   yeah , because any opinion different to your own must be a troll , right ? 
  no , an opinion * specifically like yours * is either a troll or incredibly retarded . 
  it 's not that it 's simply a different opinion , it 's that you tick all the specific boxes . 
  this post ... hahah hahahaha that was a good laugh . 
  it has a solid mix of ignorant stupidity and ultraconservative rhetoric . 
  if only you were n't so genuine . 
  i 'm just saying , if you wan na throw shit at europe for `` undermining '' obama or not taking a harder stance , like america , maybe you should probably stop and think for a moment about how much america fucks shit up regularly . 
  meanwhile , all the places america interfered in are just top notch . 
  people like you deserve nothing but ridicule . 
  because you 're a fucking moron and you 're full of shit . 
  if you 're so uneducated about a topic , why do you insist on commenting ? 
  we 're not a puppet state !? 
  but yeah , sacar . 
  barely anyone uses irish , though . 
  let alone as a first language . 
  apparently my dialect is northern irish ( i do live in a border area , but never spend long over the border ) , and my native language is norwegian ... 
  i 'm pretty sure you 're just racist , and so is anyone who 's upvoting you . 
  if he 's a bad troll , he 's dedicated . 
  he 's been commenting like that for days . 
  you know , the immigrant policies in place today have no been the same thing for the past 100 years .
