  not maggie thatcher ? 
   anarcho-capitalism is kind of a joke though . 
  idd , its logical basis is ... not consistent with what we currently experience . 
  fun fact !, 
  anarchists are almost universally socialists or communists , with the exception of self-proclaimed `` anarcho-capitalists '' aka right libertarians . 
  they 're under the same umbrella term . 
  a lot of people do n't realize how violently stalin suppressed socialism , and how that carried on into the rest of the ussr afterwards - the killing of anarchists during the spanish civil war , the show trials , the assassination of trotsky , etc. 
  a lot of figures in history were socialists and it would surprise people ; mlk , einstein , orwell , chaplain ( people do n't realize that [ this is as socialist as it gets ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6fmnfvkey4c ) ) , and today people like chomsky , zizek ( though zizek 's a pretty obvious one ) and so on and so forth , none of which identify ( / identified ) with the ussr . 
  hell , orwell 's animal farm was a critique of the ussr . 
  some of the really diehard republicans that still view the north as an english occupation . 
  those kinds of people . 
  depends , we generally refer to gaelic football as football ( or `` gaa '' for `` gaelic athletic association '' ) , so sometimes people differentiate between them by calling the other soccer ( particularly out west where gaelic football is the dominant sport ) , but generally people get you if you say football . 
  i dunno like , i 'd say so , but there 's no denying the popularity of soccer , probably offset by the fact we do n't have good soccer teams and follow english clubs instead . 
  edit : oh shit , *** totally *** forgot about rugby , that 's probably up there . 
  now * that * is a tough question . 
  could be anywhere from eamon de valera to michael collins to gerry adams to john redmond to god knows who . 
  the only universally hated people here are english . 
  the rest depends on which side you 're on . 
  that look on his face in that picture ; `` all of this is mine '', 
  it 's really in no particular order - i 'd actually probably say they all share the top spot . 
  almost everyone is into soccer here . 
  gaelic foorball and hurling though are extremely cultural sports for us and are also exceedingly popular , so it 's difficult to see which of the three would take `` top spot '' . 
  gaelic football 2 . 
  hurling 3 . 
  football football ireland btw, 
  while the invasion is widely attributed to brezhnev and the ussr , it should be kept in mind brezhnev and his allies in the politburo were pushing very hard for non-interventionism and it was under pressure from other pact states like poland as well as internal pressure that made the soviets invade . 
  `` if i had not voted for soviet armed assistance to czechoslovakia you would not be sitting here today , but quite possibly i would n't either . '', 
  - brezhnev to bohumil simon . 
  that 's a very broad and generalizing statement with little basis in knowledge . 
  the variety within socialism is as broad as the variety without it . 
  [ i think \u017di\u017eek somewhat sums up the system ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vrp46puzdek ), 
  shocker . 
  but not really . 
  israeli media will do anything to makes jews look like a widely persecuted population in europe . 
  it 's like those articles that compare every time a synagogue gets vandalized to kristallnacht . 
  it 's like where 's wally, 
  a lot of people associate islam with war torn middle eastern countries yet they forget that the most populated muslim country in the world is a secular democracy ( indonesia ) - albeit with some problems like elsewhere . 
  muslims , in arabia , africa , asia and europe are not some sort of violent , backwards people , in the same way all europeans are not nazis nor all americans are rednecks . 
  yet to say such is `` pc garbage '' . 
  what people just do n't realize that the type of muslim that gets into the news for this type of shit is their equivalent to cliven bundy ( i.e. 
  rednecks ) . 
  the me was much more progressive before the cold war intervened and fucked it up . 
  dat edge who 's `` we '' ? 
  britain first ? 
  w\u00f6rk harder !, 
  helping people `` reach democracy '' is what got the whole region into that damned mess in the first place . 
  that and asserting corporate interests . 
  we should be doing neither . 
  isis 's success is a byproduct of that action and the only reason i support doing anything about them is because of that . 
  but i do n't want europe or anywhere else involved further in the middle east 's internal affairs , simple as that . 
  well i do n't precisely think they 're fucked up idea of justice is really our problem . 
  if they go over there , they 're done . 
  what we should be doing is working in europe now for preventative measures to stop people becoming radicalized to go and fight . 
  i do n't think wahabbists and salafists should be let in here just because there 's literally nothing they offer except backwards ideology , unlike the rest of islam , but if we 're going to ban them based on fighting in foreign territories then we should be pretty worried about europeans fighting in israel , ukraine and various other military forces around the world where they 'll be getting trained and radicalized . 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't want them back in europe . 
  i just do n't want any other similar people fight back here either . 
  they will eventually . 
  well if i understood chinese i 'd get informed on chinese police and talk about them , yeah . 
  it is n't `` aid '' if it has conditions attached , it 's a bribe . 
  well , shit . 
   17 percent of the population is illiterate and 23 percent has only finished elementary school , which means that 40 percent of the population does not have any work qualification . 
  that ignores all possibility of overlap between the two populations . 
  ca n't into europe either . 
  iceland 's more relevant than ireland . 
  oh yeah , i just thought it was a bit of information . 
  muslim countries - comparatively speaking - were far more tolerant of other faiths , which came as part of having so much power and influence ; you can only conquer so much land before you just have to accept foreign cultures and beliefs into the fold . 
  this was true in a lot of places well into the cold war , most places in the middle east were quite socially progressive until they get hit by cold war politics , and here we have it . 
  `` behind every fascism , there is a failed revolution '' - walter benjamin, 
  it also gets the sexy russian ladies . 
  monuments are symbols not of any specific people but of what those people stood for . 
  this is the most educated and nuances response i 've seen on such a complex issue !, 
  you 've really put into words all the factors here and there 's really nothing else to consider . 
  it 's not like the ( muslim ) kurds are fighting them , or the ( muslim ) iraqis are fighting them , or the ( muslim ) iranians are fighting them , or the ( muslim ) lebanese are fighting them , or anything like that . 
  it 's just that islam is total filth and could never be progressive under any circumstances - it 's not like it produced the first welfare states in the world or ever had religious freedom or can ever produce secular societies , it 's just that the religion , and therefore all the people that follow it , is barbaric . 
  the muslims actually saw europeans the same way the romans saw the germanic tribes ; uncivilized and barbaric . 
  with all the contact they 'd had with western europe , they figured its inhabitants would n't ever bother them in a meaningful way . 
  which is why the islamic rulers were so incredibly slow to react to the crusades as it was seen more as a local issue for local governors and rulers to handle , as they were simply just a few barbarians . 
  again , selective sight . 
  buddhists are not pacifists and there 's many militant buddhist groups all around asia and they 've more than a few times advocated violent actions against political groups they do n't like . 
  do you know it was a muslim that set himself on fire that triggered the arab spring ? 
  i guess we can say `` i see muslims setting themselves on fire but not blowing themselves up in crowded markets '' because that one time one guy set himself on fire . 
   you have saudi 's exporting and paying for extremist imams and mosques all over europe kick out wahhabis . 
   and also some voices on the far left who somehow still think russia = communism . 
  it 's a constant battle on the left to shit all over them . 
  hardly a loss when the alternative is a fetishization of property ownership leading to excessive lending and massive levels of personal debt accompanied by a property bubble . 
  ireland can not into eu . 
  so you 're saying noam chomsky is literally hitler ? 
  newgrange would probably be a culture of faith bonus . 
  the lighthouse would have to be built by the coast , but all the sea bonuses have kinda been done to death , have n't they ? 
  yes , but then luxembourg is lower than ireland , and so are * many * british overseas territories ( jersey , mann , etc. ), 
  land border = / = only border . 
  norway is one of many countries in disputes over control of the arctic . 
  another ? 
  that would really have nothing to do with the dutch colonization over 200 years before cars were invented . 
  takes time . 
  first sweden , then europe , then the world !, 
  belarus is like the yugoslavia of today , except a bit deeper in shit due to geography . 
  it plays both sides off against eachother for its own profit , where we sanction russia , they get russians those sanctioned goods at a profit . 
  same for us , if there 's anything that we ca n't get because of russia ? 
  belarus .
