  which is what made them so scary to the people of the era when they found out what their `` inherent rationality '' could lead to . 
  [ the communist party 's manifesto can be viewed here ] ( https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ztldm3lkwfzvxy9cyunkaehkgzm2p_cqehtogtdn2zi/edit?pli=1 ) to summarise the main points of the manifesto ( though no summary will do as well as reading the thing itself ) ; 1 . 
  various wage and workplace democracy reforms 2 . 
  an expansion of social services for things such as healthcare and social housing as well as various reforms communalising the management of such services 3 . 
  green energy initiatives , primarily the expansion of nuclear energy 4 . 
  abolition of monarchy and all related and similar institutions , such as the house of lords 5 . 
  devolution and federalisation of powers 6 . 
  formation of an upper house comprised of syndicates/trade unions . 
  reindustrialising the uk in a high-tech and efficient manner 8 . 
  anti-interventionism , nuclear disarmament and withdrawl from nato in order to pursue these aims 9 . 
  reforming the education system using new methods that cater much more to the individual rather than meeting systemic quotas as well as a communalisation of the system 10 . 
  increasing scientific research to 1.5 % of gdp 11 . 
  the weakening of the powers of unaccountable secret services ( mi5/6 ) and bureaucracies and reigning in the infringements upon the privacy of the people 12 . 
  increasing cooperation with organisations like the un and interpol in order to foster better conditions for international security 13 . 
  relaxing gun laws and advancing the right to bear arms with trained people 's militias intended to keep the government in check 14 . 
  as a result of our anti-militarist stance , the uk 's standing army would be dramatically reduced and replaced with a more swiss-like system of well trained reservist populations . 
  there are q&a s and discussion between all party members [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/mhoc/comments/2kes5g/ask_a_party_almost_anything/ ) , and independents [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/mhoc/comments/2khxh2/ask_the_independent_candidates/ ) , and q&a s between leaders [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/mhoc/comments/2khxej/ask_a_party_leader/ ) . 
   ireland : we like to think that you are pretty much like us . 
  and we like our own kind . 
  so you 're saying we can into nordic ? 
  do n't overestimate our momentary tolerance & # 3232 ; _ & # 3232 ;, 
  careful , a russian submarine torpedo might accidentally get lost , cross the border and blow it up . 
  i think they mean teaching german , not from germany . 
  should 've had it in a safe ... any sensible gun owner has tight security for their firearms * specifically * to avoid other people taking them and doing these terrible things . 
  i would n't go so far as to say video games do n't make people kill , but they do have a strong , ingrained cultural influence . 
  games are often about `` total liberty '' and freedom to do what you want - within the constraints of a confined system . 
  people who play a lot of video games , say gta , where you can kill whoever you want and so on , and this is sold to their brains as `` freedom from the system '' . 
  when they get disillusioned with the current social systems ( `` why am i bullied ? 
  why is society like this ? 
  why are n't things changing ? '' ), 
  then they might react in a similar way that their young , developing minds have been influenced with ... 
  instead of acting to change the system itself , partially due to the game 's influence that `` rebellion against the system '' means killing shit , well , they react with how their brain has been influenced to react - total , directionless violence . 
  let me reaffirm that i do n't blame video games for these kinds of tragedies . 
  i play tonnes of games . 
  these are mentally ill people who did n't get the help they needed before it was too late , and that 's what the problem is , in my mind . 
  that 's the kind of ridiculous shit you think is so farcical that it can not be serious . 
  absolutely shocking . 
  hopefully a thorough investigation is carried out into the mental state of the student and how it has come to this tragedy without any flags being raised . 
  no , america beats them by twice as much . 
  but they 're second . 
  i 'll be voting for anti-austerity alliance myself . 
  the shinners are too cowardly to do anything other than line their own pockets . 
  no dude women can only be irrational and emotional it 's not like they have a reason to protest anything what they need is a good husband to cook dinner for . 
  miliband has such a punchable face . 
  the establishment parties here in ireland are on the verge of falling apart . 
  people are simply sick of them . 
  fianna f\u00e1il are the corrupt bastards that ran ireland into the ground . 
  fine gael are the corrupt bastards that took over and managed a regime of cutthroat austerity . 
  labour were the ineffective and two-faced accomplices of fine gael . 
  what we 've had here is a string of successes for the radical left and the populist left across council elections and by elections . 
  it 'll only be a matter of seeing whether they can translate that into the national level . 
  if they do , then we could well see a sinn f\u00e9in government , and while sinn f\u00e9in is not exactly establishment , they 're a household name due to the fact that they were the political arm of the pira during the war in northern ireland , and they 're also horribly corrupt . 
  what we 're seeing here across the board is a massive level of disillusionment with the parties in general and that has lead to a radical increase in support for left and far left candidates , as ireland is traditionally a rather right wing country both socially and economically ( with the exception being the bloated welfare handout system ) . 
  socialist party , socialist workers party , and sinn f\u00e9in have been winning a lot quite recently , and at the expense of government parties , though the government was successful at squeezing the radicals out of european parliament ( mostly due to people before profit alliance running against the socialist party in the same constituency , which was considered an incredibly sectarian move ) . 
  now , my personal assessment is that it 'll be one of two things ; 1 . 
  an unstable centrist coalition with sinn f\u00e9in with the keys to power 2 . 
  an unstable right wing populist coalition in an attempt to keep sinn f\u00e9in out of power either way , i predict a great deal of political instability here in the future if current trends continue . 
  all critics are going to see is svoboda 's 6.4 %, 
  the irish are very , very , very distantly related to iberians . 
  maybe there 's some very loose linguistic connections with one or two words here and there . 
  and ? 
  yeah , i never said the soviet union did n't do bad things , stalin was a huge piece of shit . 
  but you have to analyze the material , social and political conditions in context to what happened . 
  let 's take gulags vs concentration camps , you conflate the two as if they 're simply the same thing . 
  gulags were for political dissidents and were not intended to kill people straight up , they were labour camps and the majority of people who went there survived to tell the tale . 
  given , a lot of people went there so stalin 's nkvd still managed to rack up a lot of deaths , with its worst period being at the height of the german invasion , understandably ( who cares about labour camp prisoners when there 's a war being lost and the state about to collapse ? 
  that would have been the thinking ) . 
  contrast with concentration camps , which contained everybody from political dissidents , to alcoholics , to gays , to homeless people , and ultimately to people of `` inferior race '' such as romani and jews and they were mostly intended for the extermination of these groups , either through forcing them to work to death or through outright mass murder . 
  while both are horrible things and totally immoral , the conditions that brought them about , and the intent when sentencing people to these two styles of camps , were different and they should be viewed with a different approach , not with the view that they are simply the same thing in two different places . 
  similarly with the holodomor , which is viewed as a genocide by 25 countries . 
  was it a crime against humanity ? 
  absolutely . 
  what makes the holodomor different to the bengal famines under the british raja for example ? 
  the holodomor killed more people , and both of these famines were exacerbated by administrative incompetence and negligence , and the holodomor even more so as there was an active insurgency against stalin 's failed forced-collectivization policy , and they burned all the crops and massacred the livestock , which many argue caused the famine in the first place . 
  and the bengal famine was exacerbate by the fact that there was a war ( though commissions investigating it say there was enough to go around , it was just withheld from the affected populations ) . 
  would we then say that as the holodomor killed more , that the soviets were more evil than the british ? 
  some would disagree for a variety of different reasons ( various genocides by british empire etc. 
  ) , but in this case we would again have to analyse the material , social and political conditions and come to a conclusion based on that . 
  so , no , simply looking at the raw figures is not a good metric as it ignores a massive part of the analysis involved in determining what went on , who was involved responsible and how it could have been averted . 
   he wants complete open-border immigration to the eu from the entire world including africa , um , no he does n't . 
  he 's actually explicitly refuted that point before . 
  while i disagree with him on many things , this is a blatant lie with a very clear agenda behind it . 
  and even if he did , how does that paint him out as a negative or bad individual ? 
  of course , you 're ignorant enough to conflate `` not wanting to violate human rights by massacring and deporting all refugees and asylum seekers '' with `` open border and free immigration , ` including africa ' ( lol really you fucking racist ) '' . 
  no dude , being against * those kinds of people * is n't islamophobia or bigotry , it 's just * common sense * , d'uh !, 
  and if you do n't support this * common sense * you 're a radical leftist as being against * those people * is a very centrist view based in rationality and logical proofs . 
  yeah . 
  the truth is that it 's a muslim conspiracy . 
  yeah ... no . 
  how can you actually think that idealistic bullshit when there 's so much information on the internet that can give you a solid basis to form an opinion on ? 
  i agree . 
  people seem so much more focused on punishment than on rehabilitation and it 's a really barbaric stance to take . 
  ideological radicalism is a function of social alienation and disillusionment with the current social structures . 
  it 's a byproduct of the material conditions - not because someone is an evil individual . 
  i guess people would rather ignore the problems in their society that produce such people in the first place rather than tackle the problems head on . 
  there have already been a large amount of deserters . 
  because if we just measure by quantity we entirely lose the nuances involved . 
   but in the kill count . 
  a stupid metric , then . 
  if that is the case then the british and french empires are the most evil regimes in the history of mankind .
