  nobody 's going to deny that there are a lot of problems with the union . 
  but we 're still in our infancy , really . 
  the union changed from an economic community to a political union only 2 decades ago . 
  with any political union of such gigantic magnitude , there will always be bureaucratic inefficiencies , political uncertainty , and controversy , but the ability to remain united and show fortitude in the face of all these problems is what will make the eu a super power , as opposed to these problems being what breaks us . 
  it 's not a binary situation . 
  freedom of speech and freedom of press can be incredibly low in countries with parliaments and alleged democratic process . 
  any kind of limitation is too much if you want a long lasting democracy . 
  not on any issue of complexity no . 
   the ectr is an international ngo established in october 2008 by aleksander kwasniewski , formerpresident of poland and moshe kantor , ** president of the european jewish congress ** there we go . 
   it is the exact same thing legally and technologically , you are downloading a video file to your hard drive . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're serious or not , but that 's a gross simplification . 
  after a few minutes of indecision , france pulls greece from his stool and shoves him into bulgaria , who slapped greece for his audacity . 
  in between punches with austria , britain and france held bulgaria back while greece punched it repeatedly in the stomach , before bulgaria managed to kick greece in the balls , forcing everybody to back off , leaving a groggy bulgaria . 
  meanwhile , germany pushed britain over , and while britain was trying to get up , ireland , after a quick nod of encouragement from germany , drunkenly ran over and kicked britain in the stomach before running back to his stool . 
  when britain gets up , he off handedly throws a pint glass which smashed ireland in the face , leaving him out of the fight . 
   did they have sources showing causation , or is this merely a correlation ? 
  i 'm interested . 
  sources ? 
  in a verbal argument ? 
  for those who are n't aware of the whole issue gsoc ( garda s\u00edochana ombudsman commission ) chairman simon o\u2019brien said he suspected surveillance/bugging of gsoc offices , after an extensive security sweep . 
  he also said that members of an garda s\u00edochana were suspect . 
  this is due to the fact that gsoc is currently investigating corruption within the force in regards to a case where a garda informant had all charges dropped after being caught with millions of euros worth of drugs . 
  commissioner callinan denies any surveillance of gsoc , authorised or unauthorised . 
  minister for justice alan shatter came out and claimed there was nothing for people to be annoyed about and that it should be dropped , and after backtracking a day later claimed than in a 2 hour meeting with gsoc chairmen that the issue of surveillance had never been brought up and that he was essentially speaking from a position of ignorance . 
  meanwhile , there are dozens of politicians from all parts of the spectrum calling for an independent inquiry to inquire into the independent body set up to do independent inquiries . 
  tl ; dr regulatory commission investigating police force suspects its offices were bugged , police deny any involvement , minister for justice is either a total tool or is lying other links ; http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/gsoc-chairman-says-he-suspects-surveillance-1.1689469 http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/pigeon-has-come-home-to-roost-in-gsoc-controversy-says-garda-commissioner-1.1692491 http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/shatter-says-he-has-confidence-in-gsoc-1.1691810 http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/local-national/republic-of-ireland/counter-surveillance-sweeps-at-gsoc-30004817.html http://www.breakingnews.ie/ireland/sf-to-launch-motion-calling-for-inquiry-into-gsoc-surveillance-claims-622634.html, 
  do n't forget us !, 
  no no no , poland can into space !, 
  there 's a difference , that was n't a currency union . 
  that would be like saying denmark is using the euro right now because they 've tied their currency to the euro . 
  a currency union means that they both have the immense capability to fuck eachother over , and in england 's case they would most likely be the ones dictating monetary policy of scotland . 
  when just creating another currency , while tying it to another it is still yours and under your control - you can still have leeway and can change it when the needs demand it , with your own monetary policy . 
  it would n't even benefit the scots , westminster would effectively be dictating scottish monetary policy without any of the guarantees that go with it . 
  the potential for both countries fucking eachother is immense - much higher in scotland 's case due to the relatively larger size of the banking sector . 
  i do n't understand why they do n't join the eurozone . 
  well really it could be argued it started with the 1707 acts of union . 
  are you in the edl ? 
  you sound like you 're in the edl . 
  if they just confiscate the weapons he is licensed for ( which could amount to hundreds of thousands of euros in value ) then he deserves compensation of some sort , or they should give him time to store it properly . 
  `` ignorance and fear '' is correct . 
   a total of 214 % of gdp . 
  how is that even sustainable ? 
  `` oh this should be interesting ! '', 
  * sees bbc.co.uk * nah , sorry , not interested in reading a british nationalist revisionist take on history, 
  oh shannon , a one way ticket to freedom . 
  not content with our walls [ the wind seems to want our roofs aswell ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rnucsh4l6lm ) [ satellite view of ireland ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xd6__dzcltg ) [ some of the damage in cork city ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yip-h_lwtim ) i know from my own experiences on the ground that all train travel going anywhere but north out of dublin is either entirely suspended or extremely limited . 
  [ here 's an article on the transport situation ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/news/ireland/irish-news/flights-delayed-roads-blocked-and-train-services-suspended-1.1689080 ) and there are twitter accounts for most services . 
  in summary ; southbound services from dublin via train are up in the air atm . 
  bus eireann will accept train tickets . 
  all transport services in limerick have been suspended . 
  air travel out of all airports is either cancelled or indefinitely delayed . 
  all ferry crossing across the irish sea have been suspended . 
  the udhr is n't universally followed , despite its name . 
  we need a firm european constitution that reinforces the values set forth in the udhr . 
   go on deluding yourself that corps go to ireland for anything else than the possibility of doing business in europe while avoiding a normal tax rate . 
  that 's exactly why they come here . 
  yup . 
  we need a european charter of rights that is succinct , lays out fundamental rights of europeans , without exceptions or clauses in relation to domestic governments . 
  `` you can have free speech . 
  unless you 're in an area that does n't have free speech . 
  then it 's just too bad . '', 
  just curious ; what are the interests turkey has in cyprus that makes them so unwilling to approach unification ? 
  is it simply its strategic location ? 
  is it even the fault of the turk cypriots ? 
  really , what 's * preventing * reunification ? 
  the eu needs to rework it 's various houses of legislature . 
  then it can become as valid as politics on a national level . 
  we definitely have low tax rates , we need it to attract multinationals . 
  an educated workforce only gets you so far . 
  yup , he said `` fuck the eu '' due to our total unresponsiveness in regards to the crisis . 
  when selecting your flair you can type text into it as well as select an image . 
  you could replace `` belgium '' with `` i do n't know if i 'm french or dutch '' ( kidding ! ), 
  `` quite obvious '' 50.3 %, 
  yeah we are , we 've always historically emigrated to the uk , canada , oz , or america , we 've never really needed to learn anything else . 
  the fact that our focus is also divided between irish and spanish/french/german and that we 're not taught any foreign languages at a young age ( earliest we generally start is age 13 ) , you get that we 're pretty shit at languages . 
  most irish people that live abroad in countries that are n't primary english , do have a very good grasp on the language though . 
  in fairness , some meps are in favour of freedom of movement . 
  they 've hardly grown out of it ; 50.3 % . 
  we are their biggest trading partner . 
  we want them in the eu . 
  they are trying to renege on a treaty we signed with full knowledge that if this day ever came we would exert our political and economic influence to make sure they would not do it in the first place . 
  whether you believe it or not , for a country to have effective foreign policy it needs to be credible , and in order to maintain credibility the eu must carry out the guillotine clause if this actually comes to pass . 
  if people want direct democracy they can also accept the negatives that come with it , and that includes bad decisions by the lowest common denominator . 
  it 's not an empty threat if it gets carried out , which it needs to be for eu to remain credible . 
  switzerland is a negligible trade partner for the union . 
  we can take the hit much better than them . 
  none of those had treaties with the eu they reneged on , with full knowledge that if they did so the rest of the treaties would get axed . 
  the eu can not look weak this time . 
  git outta mah country, 
  pot : meet kettle the holocaust has been used for political gain since the war ended , nothing new to see here . 
  yeah , we went back to the polls after specific things were guaranteed . 
  you really tying to shit on us for changing our mind ? 
  honestly i 'd like noting more than to abolish exceptions and force uniformality within the union . 
  however , it 's different here . 
  we did n't sign the treaty and then decide later on `` nah , we 're actually not having this , you ok with that , eu ? 
  '' , we made sure we had those exceptions from the outset . 
  norway did n't renege on any treaties with us . 
  imperialism implies total exploitation of weaker civilizations whilst giving nothing in return . 
  the eu is a regional super power , at least in the economic sense . 
  it does what it does .
