  the five pillars of islam ; 1 . 
  * shahadah * : declaring there is no god except god , and muhammad is god 's messenger 2 . 
  * salat * : ritual prayer five times a day 3 . 
  * zakat * : giving 2.5 % of one 's savings to the poor and needy 4 . 
  * sawm * : fasting and self-control during the holy month of ramadan 5 . 
  * hajj * : pilgrimage to mecca at least once in a lifetime if one is able these are the only core tenants of islam which you must proscribe to , to be a muslim . 
  your are meant to be faithful , charitable , disciplined and determined . 
  murder does not come onto that list . 
  are you aware that the ottoman caliphate attempted to suppress the wahabbists and salafists in what is now saudi arabia , and that they had successfully done so until the british empire took the territory from them and gave it to the sauds , despite the ottomans warning them not to do it ? 
  yes , the central islamic authority 100 years ago told western powers not to give extremists control . 
  it was not the secular states of europe that fought extremism , it was the muslims . 
  and it still is . 
  so when people tell me that islam is a `` barbaric , backward , intolerant , totalitarian , stone-age death-cult '' , i can only call them bigoted , ignorant shits because it was muslims , practicing islam , that have been fighting against those exact things for centuries , and they still do . 
  so , no , i wont `` calm the fuck down '' , i 'm going to continue stating fact after fact after fact and i 'm going to keep shitting on people who know nothing except prejudice and hatred . 
   i think that eating kosher meat is barbaric why ? 
   killing a woman who got raped by throwing stones at her and accuse her of adultery is barbaric . 
  nothing to do with islam . 
   genital mutilations are barbaric , no trace of that in christianity . 
  blatantly untrue . 
  look at africa , over 50 % of fgm takes place in christian countries . 
  furthermore , not a religious practice of either religion . 
   buying a wife , it 's barbaric and bigot . 
  nothing to do with islam . 
   covering your wife head to toes is bigot and closed minded . 
  being allowed to beat your wife is barbaric . 
  nothing to do with islam  i can go on eh keep going , then . 
  i want to hear about these things islam is supposedly responsible for . 
  ireland , relative to the size of our economy , has a significant amount of trade with russia . 
  it wont break the bank , but it will hurt some of our industry . 
   in uk farming crop rotation is a common farming practice that 's been a global practice for centuries . 
  using the greenhouse methods that spain has , however , that converts its desert into usable agriculture land , it can not simply be changed . 
  yes . 
  there 's a `` buy irish '' campaign for all of our domestically produced products , though . 
  that does n't really matter . 
  servers hosted in europe are still within american jurisdiction , according to america . 
  28th april 1916 ( easter rising ) was the day the republic was declared in the proclamation , and was ratified in the d\u00e1il in 1919 . 
  so , for all intents and purposes , the easter rising proclamation is our declaration of independence and as such is out independence day . 
  i think our date of official independence is 24th april 1916 with the official proclamation of the irish republic , but we did not become an actual republic and leave the commonwealth until 18th april 1949 . 
  we commemorate the 1916 easter rising so i suppose that 's our independence day , but we have no official independence day celebration . 
  some of the diehard nationalists would also claim not all of ireland is independent  to celebrate we have a military parade in dublin city , where the rising took place . 
   the quran is n't really open to interpretation . 
  like every holy book , the qur ` an is very much open to interpretation and use . 
  islam has i think 6 separate sects , each sect with as many as a dozen other subdivisions within it . 
  there 's no central authority in islam ( one of the great tragedies of the collapse of the ottoman empire ) , and so there 's no unified interpretation of the qur ` an . 
  you can have things as wild and crazy as al qaeda and isis , to whole concepts of progressive ideologies like islamic socialism ( which is a thing ) . 
  in the same way how in catholicism you can have people like pope benedict xvi how had grand thrones of gold and very detailed and prestigious clothes and so on , to people like pope francis , who has very simple clothes and a throne made of wood . 
  there is not a religion on this planet that has people of wildly different character taking their own meaning/interpretation from the books . 
   of course the muslims are very different - but it mostly depends on the society they live in . 
  social conditions are the biggest factor for the behaviour of people . 
  religion is a factor in that . 
  that leads to this ;  i have no clue how would you explain politically going from a rich and peaceful country to fucking syria or iraq to go to a savage war . 
  just because our countries are rich does not mean that everyone in them is rich . 
  muslims are generally the second or third generation of immigrants , which means they 're largely going to be working class people . 
  when you take into account social attitudes and conditions in places like the uk , you can start seeing why it produces so many jihadis ; there 's a strong xenophobic element within the country , which alienates people like muslims or other foreigners there 's been a strong hit to things like education so that they actually do cost a significant amount of money so quite a few people can not afford it anymore there 's this feeling of disenfranchisement and alienation amongst the population there so , you get those things , mix it together , and then all you need is an outlet for the discontent . 
  one of the biggest ones was the london riots , but nobody really heard that wake-up call . 
  eventually , those disenfranchised turned to something they had n't tried before - religion . 
  and when they went , they found extremist wahabbis and salafists there to indoctrinate them and turn them into recruits for isis , and these desperate people with the belief that they 'd be able to get away from their life into a new and better life where they have a purpose , they go and they fight for an organization we would consider unimaginably barbaric . 
  so the conditions that create an isis fighter are not religious ; they 're sociopolitical with a religious element . 
  but to admit that the problem is not solely religious , people would have to admit that there are fundamental problems with their country that are not being addressed ; but to do so , for many , would go against their prejudices of these people being freeloaders or sponges or inherently violent people , and so they just refuse to look at the sociopolitical conditions and label it as a religious issue . 
  i have n't heard of any middle class muslims with a good career or strong future prospects going abroad to fight . 
  not anymore , no . 
  back when the articles of confederation were written ? 
  they were all entirely independent of eachother and as such were equal . 
   it 's based on the tenets of a barbaric , totalitarian death-cult which influences them . 
  tell me one thing about islam that is barbaric that is not found in christianity . 
  tell me one thing about islam that is totalitarian that is not found in christianity . 
  tel me one thing about islam that fits the criteria of `` death-cult '' that is not found in christianity . 
  the five pillars of islam , the *** only *** core tenants of islam , proscribe faith , prayer , charity , fasting and pilgrimage , in that order . 
  i do not see any of the three things you mentioned on that list . 
  you should know more than anybody that religion is not simply an ideology , it is a way of life . 
  you can not simply switch it off or on with zero consequence . 
  you can read up on nazi ideology because it is n't open to interpretation ; it 's a clear cut set of beliefs . 
  when you try to compare that to islam and its followers , you absolutely can not equate the two , both in how their ideological framework and in their interpretation/practice . 
  it simply does not make logical sense . 
  given that hatred for islam and its followers is , 99 % of the time , born entirely out of hatred for the foreign as opposed to ideological disagreement , it is pretty relevant that you at least know a few of the people you 're about to claim follow , as the op puts it , a `` barbaric and backward '' ideology to see how truly `` barbaric and backward '' it is , as opposed to relying on media designed to gain profit from clicks which rarely ever delves into the actual issues behind any problems . 
  so , yes , in contrast to normal political ideology , you should at least try and know some people personally that proscribe to it , and failing that you should be extremely well informed on the tenants of the religion and be able to draw distinction between religious actions and political ones . 
  if i were to use an extreme example ; isis is not a religious entity . 
  it 's a political entity using an extremist interpretation of religion as validation for its existence . 
  its actions are not religious based , they 're politically based . 
  beheading foley was a political act , not a religious act . 
  suicide bombing is also a mostly political act with religious justification . 
  critiques of islam , and there are valid criticisms to be made , often flat out * refuse * to make those distinctions because when we get to the meat of * their * argument , they 're not based on ideology but on racial prejudice . 
  and that all ties back in to `` yes , you should know some muslims before you claim to have an informed opinion about muslims '' , because that helps remove the `` prejudice against the foreign '' aspect of these discussions . 
  i can almost guarantee you that / u/dan _ cos does not know any muslims personally . 
  if he lives in the right area in the country he might have seen them around , but that would be about it , and it 's because he does n't know them he has a prejudiced predisposition that comes from a point of ignorance and therefore can not have an informed stance on the subject as the ideology of religion in practice and the people who follow it are deeply intertwined as well as being mixed with politics . 
  one day the conditions for it will be right . 
  to stipulate that nuclear arms will never be decommissioned implies that humanity will always been in a state of nationalistic war , a premise which i disagree with . 
  not to mention the fact that that influence did n't come with `` germany 's best interests '' slapped on it . 
  one classic example is how they rejected stalin 's offer of reunification with the stipulation attached the germany would n't join a military alliance against the ussr . 
  all nukes should be dismantled by everybody . 
  until then , they need to be kept . 
  when your entire argument is based on lies , insults , and generalizations of 1.6 billion people , yes it is . 
  it 's funny that you think you 've ever actually * critiqued * islam . 
  all you 've ever done is spouted nonsense bullshit with absolutely no depth , intelligence or knowledge behind it . 
  so you 're not a racist , you 're just a massive xenophobic bigot that generalizes 1.6 billion people despite repeatedly being shown why he 's full of shit ? 
  that 's not a step up . 
  why would eritreans have ebola ? 
  unless there 's two separate outbreaks now on the west and east side of africa , which is highly unlikely . 
  seven times removed on their grandmother 's side . 
  usually it 's not a good idea to tell someone to prove you 're a racist piece of shit as a cover for your `` thinly veiled '' islamophobic agenda [ when they 've already done it ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2cyubo/antisemitism_on_rise_across_europe_in_worst_times/cjkif4a?context=3 ) but hey , if you want to keep making sarcastic comments about how foreigners `` enrich '' culture and how the influx of muslims into sweden has nothing to do with antisemitism , be safely assured i 'm always going to be around to shit all over you , you xenophobic fuck .
