  we do n't * tolerate * the intolerant kind around here . 
  it 'll never be leaked , right guys ? 
  the problem is that you 're opting out instead of in . 
  so instead of a list of people who 've decided to opt in to the parental controls , you have a list of people who 've decided to opt out so they can look at the state-discouraged , illegal , content . 
  you get put on a list . 
  when was the last bombing up north anyways ? 
  it 's still upsetting that there 's violence going on over old politics . 
  well rome was initially part of the empire , and technically speaking it was a decentralized empire ( going by the definition of `` empire '' ) , and they were invested by the papacy , so they were officially holy . 
  just because it 's in the middle does n't mean it 's right . 
  same as most countries , then . 
  reminds me of the of the old fred hampton quote - `` you can kill a revolutionary but you can never kill the revolution . '', 
  meanwhile new democracy and pasok have been in government for years and not a lick of criticism was given to them . 
  and to potami is no better . 
  syriza , on the other hand , wants to go after the oligarchs but is restricted by troika demands . 
  i know right , it 's not like greece has n't been implementing troika programmes for years already or anything , all of which have gotten them to this point . 
  syriza has been trying to go after the oligarchs but the troika insists they go after the poor . 
  cso has 11 different factors , 2 of which you need to meet to be in consistent poverty . 
  not being able to afford a meal out * once every two weeks * or be able to have more than one pair of shoes , or not being able to heat your house , is indicative of poverty . 
  i do n't know how things like not being able to afford one meal in two weeks is somehow frivolous to you . 
  as for debt , i did some searching and from taft 's blog from feb this year this is how he explains his numbers :  irish debt is among the highest in the 19 eurozone countries . 
  officially , it is at 110 percent of gdp ; when measured against our fiscal capacity as suggested by the fiscal council , it rises to 122 percent . 
  we 're placed fourth though look out for cyprus and belgium in the next few years . 
   ...  while banking debt makes up a quarter of our gdp , in the eurozone the total debt is less than 2 percent . 
  and for ireland , this does n't count the nearly $ 20 billion taken from the national pension reserve fund for recapitalisation -- since this is categorised ` investment ' and not debt . 
  were it not for the official banking debt , our overall levels would be close to the average eurozone level . 
   of course , this data only goes so far . 
  there are a number of other factors that determine sustainability -- the level of foreign borrowings , exports , current account surplus , high-tech employment and activity . 
  a high-income country can sustain a high debt level that a low-income country could n't . 
  but at the gross level , we can see that ireland is a highly indebted country and , within that , carrying the highest level of illegitimate private banking debt . 
  [ source ] ( http://notesonthefront.typepad.com/politicaleconomy/2015/02/how-do-eu-countries-manage-to-provide-better-public-services-and-income-supports-than-us-and-are-the-irish-people-willing-to.html ) also i just asked him where the 125 % from 109 % came from , and this was his response ;  using measurements to remove gdp-inflating mnc [ multi-national company ] tax accountancy impact . 
  for example , hybrid-gdp = 40 % diff between gdp and gnp . 
  which does make sense considering that mncs that do their taxes etc. 
  here are technically counting towards our gdp even if their productive operations are entirely outside of the country and have absolutely no economic relation or impact with us . 
  if you 're going to randomly state the figures are incorrect at least cite your own . 
  the welfare system in ireland was dismantled at the start of the crisis . 
  education is more expensive , healthcare too - and not to mention in terms of quality and services both got absolutely gutted . 
  welfare was thoroughly dismantled by successive governments , and the new welfare programme is to force people to work for 1 $ / hr , which has a whole host of negative economic effects in terms of competitive wages . 
  there 's mass homelessness and suicide . 
  there 's any number of hundreds of articles written by irish media over the past few years documenting the social decline . 
  we pay 8 billion euros a year in interest payments alone , there 's no way we can afford welfare , let alone job creation programmes etc. 
  as for basic income , i 'm not a fan . 
  all proposals for basic income i 've seen involve destroying the welfare state , and those which do n't involve that are entirely unaffordable and do n't solve any of the problems of the system in the first place . 
  ok , sorry , i thought you were coming from a more ignorant place . 
  well i respect your opinion on the matter but i do n't think we 're very much `` social-capitalist '' , given the austerity is the name of the game these days . 
  even parties like syriza with a mild social-democratic programme ca n't get it done because hegemony is so neoliberal . 
  thanks for letting me know . 
  i 'll be quicker to check sources next time . 
  the stalinist states referred to themselves as socialist , as communism is stateless . 
  yeah totally , every socialist alive on this planet right now is younger than the age of 18 and every single one of them has posters of che guevara everywhere . 
  no , certainly nobody has ever been educated on the principles , major literary works of socialism or is involved in it well into their adult life . 
  this , i did n't know . 
  i was sent it by someone else who told me it was this and linked to the article . 
  you know , instead of starting a fucking mccarthyist witch hunt , you could 've not been an asshole and just told me that straight away . 
  dude , you should mind your own business - and i say it as a person who actually knows anything about socialism . 
  yeah , i just happened to come across a random line of hundreds of people , take a picture and i thought `` oh , i know , i 'll post this to / r/europe and get all that sweet karma and pretend they were lining up for a job at mcdonald 's ! '', 
  get your head out of your fucking ass , god . 
  damn, 
  how are they blackmailing the eu ? 
  their stance is basic economic rationality . 
   its also the smallest countries that benefit the most from being in the eu . 
  from being in the eu ? 
  sure . 
  from being in the eurozone ? 
  not really , no , if this past decade has told us anything . 
  and it 's the eurozone rules which france and germany were the first countries to break , and continue to break , which are the big rules . 
   greece 's entrance into the eurozone in the first place was based on fraud . 
  implying that the major euro countries did n't massively overlook/encourage goldman sachs cooking the books . 
  the euro was never based on economic sanity , it was a political move . 
  the problem is that you do n't have a currency union without a fiscal union . 
  it does n't work . 
  for a fiscal union you need a political union . 
  there is not the political will for this . 
  and i certainly would n't support it without far more power being taken from the commission and council and going to the european parliament . 
  everything is propaganda . 
  the idea of some objective standard is nonsense and only plays into the hands of the status quo and ideological hegemony . 
  in other words , you 're asking for a circlejerk . 
   behead the troublemaker just like the old times . 
  few people in eu follow the rules , * especially * france and germany . 
  people only care when it 's the weak and small countries that do n't , because they can be bullied . 
  media is [ incredibly biased ] ( http://www.latimes.com/world/europe/la-fg-greece-media-20150703-story.html#page=1 ) in the backdrop of the referendum . 
  this is entirely fabricated , now that there 's a left government they show the full extent of the crisis . 
  before this greece was n't even in crisis as far as the media was concerned . 
  is there a single fact in this article that 's wrong ? 
  it seems that whatever does n't conform to the pre-established narrative of `` austerity = rational and common sense economics '' is `` biased '' despite all the mountains of evidence to the contrary . 
  i honestly do n't know but the default is virtually inevitable without major debt relief . 
  and it 'll be bad for everybody involved . 
  a deal now without debt relief is just going to prolong the inevitable . 
   ireland emerged from the austerity era ugh i just hate this propaganda . 
  ireland is * not * out of austerity . 
  they 're still cutting services and piling on charges . 
  it 's out of the bailout programme . 
  different things . 
  ireland 's `` recovery '' has been based on extremely low paying , casual labour , temporary labour and deregulation . 
  so people today work less hours , get paid less for the hours they work , pay more taxes , get less services , and have to pay for more things now than they did before . 
  not to mention the regressive taxations like property tax and vat hikes which hit the poorest the hardest , and increases in costs of education , and cuts to things like single parent 's allowance and a now very serious crisis of mass homelessness and suicide , which everybody is ignoring . 
  now , is there * a * recovery ? 
  yes , but this ignores the fact that most of this is only necessary in the first place because we covered some gambler 's debt . 
  this at the behest of the troika . 
  the recovery is * extremely * superficial , but this is ignored ( because we want to get back in europe 's good books by sucking up , which is also why the irish government is one of the most anti-syriza in the eurogroup ) . 
   greece now greece is even worse than any other country ever was in this crisis .
