  only . 
  it is n't the number of participants , it 's the sampling methodology . 
  maybe the solution is actually educating people instead of treating them like retards , and regulating the media . 
  but then the politicians would n't be able to exploit general ignorance . 
  [ discussion over in / r/ireland ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/ireland/comments/24yjc8/and_hes_outta_here_shatter_resigns/ ), 
  but why would germans and swedes be spying for the ukrainian military ? 
  surely they are the most obvious spies out there . 
  why not actual ukrainians who can blend in with the local population ? 
  ok , if these osce observers were n't osce observers and they were n't on an osce mission , what were they doing there with 5 ukrainian military personnel ( who , by the way , never turned up again ) ? 
  other than it looking like the article was written by a 5-year-old ( i think they were typing it up as it happened live in d\u00e1il ) , we 're going to need two replacement ministers , unless enda kenny wants to maintain his dubious practice of having one man hold the roles of minister for defense and minister for justice . 
  this resignation comes after a laundry list of controversies , political faux-pas and apparent corruption through abuse of powers of his ministry positions . 
  however , he has n't gone down without scathing remarks towards his opponents , particularly guerin , who 's report on shatter 's activities has alleged - by alan shatter - to be inaccurate . 
  `` blah blah blah you were n't there blah blah blah '' . 
  that 's all you can say , can you ? 
  your bias ignores the facts . 
  communism has plenty of scientific basis , and you 're full of shit to argue otherwise . 
  here 's a fucking genius idea ; pick up a history book sometime . 
  learn a little about what you 're talking about before attempting to discuss it , i 'm tired of holding your hand in this conversation . 
   it 's just that you sound like a nazi trying to convince a holocaust victim that his ideology is flawless . 
  and by the way , it 's nothing like that . 
  you and your strawmen can have a good day . 
  our savings have been practically wiped out as it is . 
  our pensions are destroyed . 
  the bailouts were not for commercial banks that were used by average consumers ; they were investment banks that were handing out illegal or excessive loans with the help of corrupt regulators and collapsed in on themselves . 
  you have n't read a single word i said , apparently . 
  i 'll just tag you so i know for future reference that there 's no point talking with someone with such extreme bias the words i put down do n't exist . 
  what year was that quote said and with what publication ? 
  it should n't be difficult to verify once i know that . 
  hardly , socialism is the logical conclusion to the deterioration of capitalist society , which by nature tends to greater inequality , greater monopoly , colonialism and neocolonialism , exploitation of the people and the general philosophy of selfishness and greed . 
  thomas piketty 's * capital in the 21 ^ st century * has some pretty good statistics that empirically show the effect of capitalism on global economy and living standards . 
  the only mistake communists think is that they can bring out these societies through violence in any single state . 
  it 's a natural evolution in the same manner feudalism translated into republicanism/parliamentary monarchy , which took place in a historically very short period of more-or-less worldwide wars , if we compare it to the development of feudalism . 
  yeah , actually , it 's worse , half of it was made up . 
  good job making your argument really solid , trying to character assassinate with fabricated sentences . 
   society is undergoing a silent revolution , which must be submitted to , and which takes no more notice of the human existences it breaks down than an earthquake regards the houses it subverts . 
  ** the classes and the races , too weak to master the new conditions of life , must give way . 
  ** but can there be anything more puerile , more short-sighted , than the views of those economists who believe in all earnest that this woeful transitory state means nothing but adapting society to the acquisitive propensities of capitalists , both landlords and money-lords ? 
  where is this holocaust quote ? 
  and even my quote is taken out of context . 
  [ here is the entire paper ] ( http://www.marxists.org/archive/marx/works/1853/03/04.htm ), 
  yes , i 've surmised that in the meantime since this comment . 
  they 're not particularly communist and it appears kyiv post was particularly ambiguous in its wording , according to some it was for a single session and only one mp as opposed to the whole party . 
  how full of shit are you ? 
  you took a single line out of an entire paper out of context . 
  `` oh shut up about nazism you are too butthurt '' - / u/nopenopenoped confirmed nazi sympathizer ? 
   it would certainly be a suicide for the west . 
  i think we 'll have to disagree on this one . 
  however , what i mean but saying it 's `` not communism '' is that communism does not support stalin 's ussr or what he did with it . 
  stalin created a bureaucracy and heavily centralized government that acted with imperialistic intent . 
  this was supported by a lot of people , yes , for example mao , but that were a lot of opposing communist factions that were simply straight up rounded up and murdered by the nkvd . 
  ever hear of the fourth international ? 
  it was founded by a man called leon trotsky , who specifically opposed what the ussr had become . 
  he was assassinated in 1940 by stalin . 
  fi groups all around the planet were rounded up and massacred by everyone during world war ii , and were constantly hounded by the americans and russians during the cold war . 
  as a result , a lot of the communist opposition to stalin simply died off . 
  another example is the 1936 spanish civil war , where many people that were n't stalinist on the socialist side ended up getting killed by the red army . 
  or the hungarian '56 revolution , in which communists played a major part before all being savagely murdered . 
  then there was eurocommunism , which surged after the prague spring , where communists all around tried to break away from stalin 's influence . 
  communism is meant to come at the end of everything . 
  feudalism --  capitalism --  socialism --  communism . 
  lenin , stalin and mao and people like them , attempted to circumvent the middle and ended up making something else altogether different than communism , just with the label and rhetoric . 
  a `` dictatorship of the proletariat '' , except it was n't the proletariat in power , it was the respective leaders and their central committees . 
   and what is going on since russia does not qualify it for a dictatorship ? 
  this is your post . 
  it has no punctuation , which makes the meaning incredibly unclear . 
  add some . 
  your ignorance of how things actually work is telling . 
  not communism . 
  also , who was it that traded these countries over to stalin ? 
  the great democratic west . 
  not communism, 
  not communism, 
  no you just have shit grammar, 
  except if people knew jack shit about communism instead of neo-mccarthyist `` muh soviets '' fearmongering they 'd know it 's democratic . 
  that returns to the question ; why are ultranationalists and fascists allowed if communists are not ? 
  germany does have a neo-nazi party , just under a different name . 
  i thought you were calling ukraine a dictatorship . 
  why are the communists banned and yet parties like svoboda are not ? 
  and why is right sector still allowed to exist ? 
  and now it 's ridiculous, 
  how middle class are you ? 
  homeless people generally ca n't afford good clothes . 
   it may not be an official dictatorship but i would argue it is close . 
  how ? 
  play quiz-up for countries and if you get an american you 'll be lol ` ing for any questions about europe . 
  that 's why many of us do n't like it . 
  it does n't show off any of a country 's culture and it 's just politicized voting . 
  the uk gives us 12 points every year and it 's never reciprocated . 
  i feel bad . 
  [ i will never forget this shame ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ps3kxgo_gro ), 
  i 've had this conversation with him before . 
  he does n't budge on his stance . 
  i complained about this last time and the megathread was brought in . 
  was good for about a day and then everyone ignored the rules and bitched you out if you brought up the thread as a place to post mindless , repetitive bullshit about ukraine . 
  and then there 's the whole `` this is n't about ukraine it 's actually about russia fuck off '' while at this point they 're pretty much synonymous . 
  moderators just really need to crack down on this bullshit if they 're going to make a megathread again , otherwise just pin a post telling everyone they 're not going to do anything in regards to quality control and then i can safely unsubscribe knowing i 'm not missing anything . 
  um , the eu has no military . 
   i shall not let corrupt politicians in berlin but you live in germany . 
  that odd caveat aside ... 
  nobody likes war - agreed ?
