  but the point being made here is that 's not really a big deal . 
  what is finland 's foreign policy ? 
  does finland need a military for anything other than european missions ? 
  is finland 's foreign policy dramatically different to the rest of europe ? 
  these are the questions each country should be asking themselves . 
  as it stands now one of the primary differences between the eu and the us is that each country has their own standing army and separate foreign policies . 
  it may come as a shock to many , but states in the us are fairly autonomous in most other aspects . 
  they manage their taxes , as well as the rest of their economy , they have their own parliaments and presidents ( governors ) , and so on and so forth . 
  the leap from the eu to the us is , in reality , not * that large * . 
  increase the centralization , normalize foreign policy , unify the militaries , and enforce some europe wide laws and economic regulations and you 'll have a very similar set up to the us . 
  and you know what ? 
  it 's not like the texans are giving all their money to the feds or that new jersey is receiving all their money from the feds . 
  they are taxing and managing the people and services in their states , giving or receiving some of that money to the federal government , and then continuing on with their day . 
  some states are far cheaper than the other , some have higher or lower living standards , some are totally different to the other . 
  again , not too different to the eu . 
  so , when someone says the eurozone should make a united states of europe , or whatever , i do n't really care . 
  the current independence of eurozone member states is mostly smoke and mirrors anyhow , nobody 's giving up all that much and the eu is going that way as a whole anyways . 
  there is very much a difference between a small country who 's * policies * are restricted by external regional powers , and a country which has no say in policy to start with . 
  can california manage its own army and dictate foreign policy ? 
  nope . 
  can finland ? 
  yes . 
  this is the kind of leap we 're making here . 
  but the point being made here is that 's not really a big deal . 
  what is finland 's foreign policy ? 
  does finland need a military for anything other than european missions ? 
  is finland 's foreign policy dramatically different to the rest of europe ? 
  these are the questions each country should be asking themselves . 
  as it stands now one of the primary differences between the eu and the us is that each country has their own standing army and separate foreign policies . 
  it may come as a shock to many , but states in the us are fairly autonomous in most other aspects . 
  they manage their taxes , as well as the rest of their economy , they have their own parliaments and presidents ( governors ) , and so on and so forth . 
  the leap from the eu to the us is , in reality , not * that large * . 
  increase the centralization , normalize foreign policy , unify the militaries , and enforce some europe wide laws and economic regulations and you 'll have a very similar set up to the us . 
  and you know what ? 
  it 's not like the texans are giving all their money to the feds or that new jersey is receiving all their money from the feds . 
  they are taxing and managing the people and services in their states , giving or receiving some of that money to the federal government , and then continuing on with their day . 
  some states are far cheaper than the other , some have higher or lower living standards , some are totally different to the other . 
  again , not too different to the eu . 
  so , when someone says the eurozone should make a united states of europe , or whatever , i do n't really care . 
  the current independence of eurozone member states is mostly smoke and mirrors anyhow , nobody 's giving up all that much and the eu is going that way as a whole anyways . 
  it 's not that the us is too large , it 's that their political system is fundamentally broken by design . 
  when you break each state down , they 're all fundamentally groupings of smaller entities to make a singular large one . 
  the 32 counties of ireland , the 28 states of the eu , the 50 states of america ( all of which have counties which make up each state ) and so on and so forth . 
  the point i 'm getting at is that it is not that size matters ( heh ) , it 's how you manage it that matters . 
  a federal europe with a * similar * governing system to the us is the way to go , with the eu learning from the usa 's mistakes . 
  / r/europe is a politically orientated subreddit . 
  have you ever wondered what the front page would look like if there were no americans or , rather , there was only europeans ? 
  almost any discussion involving reform in the eu is going to involve centralization and integration . 
  the current uk government is specifically against this , if you want to actually get something done you ca n't have someone throwing a spanner in the works . 
  i ca n't wait to see what they come up with next . 
  maybe they should have a raffle to fundraise for their terror campaign and the winner gets to pick the next one ? 
  switzerland 's only specialization that we could possibly want are things in the tech industry , and there are a myriad of eu member states waiting to fill that niche - ireland , germany and denmark for example . 
  it would negligible harm . 
  5 % of our imports are from switzerland , all we need to do is tax the shit out of them , nobody will want to buy their stuff anymore because it 's too expensive ( because of the taxing ) , meanwhile we 'll almost certainly be exporting with very minimal difference to switzerland because there 's no realistic way in hell they 're going to jack up their taxes on imports . 
   free trade is always good for both sides . 
  a simple statement to put onto a complex subject . 
  here 's two simple facts ; 1 . 
  the eu does n't need swiss exports 2 . 
  you reneged on a treaty with the eu - or are planning to now , if the eu does n't need swiss exports , and you are harming the political stability of the union , why would we be party to a deal that benefits you far more than it benefits us ? 
  yes , which is why you need a euro forum . 
  * after a security sweep of their offices , gsoc ( garda s\u00edochana ombudsman commission ) chairmen believe their offices were bugged and they were under surveillance . 
  this comes as they were investigating why a garda informant had all charges dropped after being caught with millions of euros worth of drugs to sell . 
  garda commissioner callinan denies that there was any garda surveillance , authorized or unauthorized , of gsoc . 
  meanwhile , minister for justice says there is no cause for investigation of gsoc 's claims , but later redacted that statement , saying that in a 3 hour meeting with gsoc 's chairmen that surveillance had never been brought up . 
  opposition party sinn f\u00e9in calls for an independent inquiry . 
  http://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/local-national/republic-of-ireland/counter-surveillance-sweeps-at-gsoc-30004817.html http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/gsoc-chairman-says-he-suspects-surveillance-1.1689469 http://www.rte.ie/news/2014/0214/504256-garda-ombudsman/ http://www.irishtimes.com/news/crime-and-law/shatter-says-he-has-confidence-in-gsoc-1.1691810 http://www.irishtimes.com/news/politics/pigeon-has-come-home-to-roost-in-gsoc-controversy-says-garda-commissioner-1.1692491 http://www.breakingnews.ie/ireland/sf-to-launch-motion-calling-for-inquiry-into-gsoc-surveillance-claims-622634.html ------------------------------ * a series of unprecedented storms has ripped across the country , resulting in a red weather warning , leaving at its peak over 250,000 houses and businesses without power , and leading to evacuations all along the west coast as well as infrastructure damage reaching the hundreds of millions , however ireland has been denied access to the eu disaster fund . 
  insurance companies have also denied payout to thousands of effected people . 
  an engineer died while repairing phone lines during the storm . 
  http://www.irishexaminer.com/ireland/storm-damage-does-not-meet-threshold-for-eu-disaster-fund-258629.html http://www.irishtimes.com/news/environment/200-000-expected-to-be-without-power-overnight-due-to-hurricane-force-winds-1.1688660 http://www.irishtimes.com/news/ireland/irish-news/cost-of-storm-damage-could-run-to-hundreds-of-millions-1.1647130 http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/devastating-storms-claim-first-fatality-30013851.html, 
  that way they can spy on europeans without relying on america, 
  looking at all your comments , i want to believe you 're a downvote troll . 
  but i 've come to the conclusion you 're simply retarded, 
  real fucking typical statement from a euroskeptic . 
  no foresight , no specifics , not even willing to see that many problems `` europe '' has caused are in fact rooted in their own country . 
  poles in ireland generally have a pretty positive reputation . 
  irish-americans are still pretty stuck in the past in regards to irish nationalism . 
  but the irish and irish diaspora have always had a strange relationship , as we pretty much have a culture of emigration , so we 're not really shy about calling someone irish if they have irish ancestry , no matter what generation they are , though we 'll always have the `` they 're not * really * irish '' way about it . 
  other than that , globally speaking , they manage to keep up to accurate stereotype of alcoholism . 
  yup , it 's like 5 years old and it 's still reposted to facebook to this day . 
  it 's not even that they just did it `` for fun '' , he actually made up this whole cultural background to it . 
  maybe we should deport whalers to madagascar , where they can whale to their heart 's content . 
   dumbass american posts those `` big shame of denmark '' pictures on facebook . 
  do n't worry , plenty of big dumbass irish people do it , too . 
  and god forbid you venture over to / r/australia , last time i saw it posted there i got called a racist . 
  yeah , the uk seems fine in regards to letting scotland into the eu , or at least are n't being vocal about it . 
  if this was a ban as the title says ( which from what i understand , it 's not really ) , then , while muslims would be fairly pissy about it , it would n't be the end of the world in terms of religious practice . 
  islam permits consumption of meat that is not properly prepared as long as halal is n't available , so danish muslims could still get by . 
  that said , it 's not like the ritualistic slaughter is especially cruel as opposed to other more `` appropriate '' methods . 
  simply making it mandatory to stun the animals should be enough . 
  as a muslim , i do n't really understand your question . 
  foreign investment is what makes a weak economy a strong one . 
  when a state is n't able to properly stimulate the economy , foreign investment is what does that for you . 
  hell , part in parcel of a stimulating the economy is encouraging foreign investors . 
  without foreign investment there 's no money coming in , it 's just the same money circulating inside the country with some of it going out to other countries . 
  this was actually a major problem in the middle ages as the landowners and lords held all the money , and naturally they did n't leave their locality , so poor places stayed poor . 
  what 's causing `` poverty '' is n't foreign investment , it 's your country not adapting wages to living costs . 
  racial abuse is always bad , but hate speech laws can potentially be abused to prevent discussion of certain topics which can be racial or religious in nature . 
  allow me to rephrase . 
  certain kinds of limitations ( such as those to incite bodily harm on another , or direct threats ) should ofcourse be allowed . 
  however , i politically disagree with any kind of `` hate speech '' law or any variation of it .
