  skypl is * always * `` that guy '', 
  what would you do if your country betrayed you ? 
  he would n't have made it anywhere close , the plane would be intercepted . 
   no , there are several fundamentals of marx that are against christian beliefs in it 's analysis , class views and religious-hatred . 
  both communism and capitalism are considered incompatible with the catholic churchs beliefs . 
  i said christian , not catholic . 
  [ christian communism ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_communism ) . 
  yes , it does have conflicting views with marxism in some areas , as it actually developed more or less in an independent school of thought , but communism is a very diverse ideology and there are many subsets with different variations on a number policies . 
  it 's a good catalogue of slang terms , which `` tankie '' is . 
  fuck the corporations and fuck what they want . 
  money to pay off our comparatively meager debts . 
  fundamentally if you follow the values jesus teaches in the bible you 're a communist , but you 'd never see a priest championing communist values ... something tells me the current pope is a closet socialist . 
  too soon ? 
  not really . 
  quite a few of the big tech companies are here for r&d . i know from personal experience that microsoft is . 
  intel and facebook for another . 
  dropbox , apple , and havok . 
  not sure on google but seeing as it 's the irish subsidiary i 'm sure it 's also got things going on . 
  i do n't like it . 
  firstly , the increase in the donation cap . 
  the higher it is , the worse it is . 
  secondly , the prerequisite of holding european union values , leaves it far too open to abuse or just preventing opposing positions being held by a party . 
  it 's a derogatory term used for people who fanatically defended the ussr 's decisions regardless of what they were . 
  nah , tankies always find a way . 
  on pretty much every score . 
  from the `` greece for the greeks '' to the `` if i ever going to go to greece.i 'm going to start a huge massacre and kill every greek person in sight . '', 
  anti-immigration culture of this nature is fundamentally disgusting , inhumane and to its core founded on racial ideology . 
  people can deny it all they want , but nobody will bat an eye at a white immigrant . 
  some of the low-iq supporters of such racial ideologies may not realize it , but this treatment of immigrants will inevitably lead to violent ethnic conflict , and the responsibility for that conflict when it finally arises will not be the fault of the `` foreigners '' , it 'll be the fault of the people that treated them like shit that left them no other alternative . 
  these are human beings no different to your neighbour , yet some people think origin and skin colour are enough to discriminate on . 
  sorry , but if that is your belief you are the direct antithesis to whatever `` european culture '' or values you 're claiming to protect . 
  they should be taken to task , but domestic affairs are , and always have been , a different animal to foreign policy , and you know that . 
  you do n't just shit on an ally you 've had for decades because their current president is a bit of a nutjob . 
  pressure should obviously be put on them . 
  no country would ever go to nuclear war willingly . 
  a large conventional force is what military power requires , and has always required , never a nuclear weapon . 
  of course , we already have a large , conventional force . 
  it 's just poorly supplied and under coordinated . 
  we need more ammunition , more interstate cooperation and more standard equipment . 
  those are problems of domestic regulations being giant pieces of shit , not an invasion of a neighbouring country without cause . 
  do n't get me wrong , if we wanted to solve those problems tomorrow i 'd be down to pay extra for commodities . 
  better conditions for the workers has no price , as far as i 'm concerned . 
  but it 's not a comparable situation . 
  you have n't seen civilians who think they have nothing to lose, 
  more people think being gay is immoral than they do adultery . 
  what a world we live in . 
  they 'd be stupid not to phrase the question in a way that makes it understandable natively . 
  it 's very interesting to see some empathetic voices there , like the guy trying to protect the officer , or the guys trying to get the ambulance through and all that . 
  it 's also frightening to see a whole crowd of people surrounding and threatening an ambulance . 
  that shit 's fucked up . 
  consider ; eastern ukraine has been overlooked by kyiv for multiple successive government . 
  economically there 's been no stimulus . 
  they 're unemployed . 
  things are n't looking better with the unrest which lead to a government change , which many of them disagree with . 
  i think many of them would feel better taken care of under russia or under themselves than with ukraine , but i think that stems from ignorance more than anything else . 
  so i do n't consider unfeasible that there are legitimately angry people that live in eastern ukraine that have taken it upon themselves to do what they are doing . 
  i think what the problem is here is the manner in which they have done it . 
  it is one thing to be a mob that deposes authority and occupies buildings - this happened in west ukraine , an this was an expression of protest against the regime . 
  i think it is another thing entirely to entirely subvert that authority and walk around with assault rifles , rpgs and so on , wearing masks all the while so nobody can see who you are . 
  that changes things from dissent to separatism , and i , for one , would feel much more sympathetic to these people if they were n't arming themselves to the teeth and waving the russian flag . 
  forget that for a moment , * how are there pregnancies in the vatican !? 
  i would n't be surprised but i would retain judgement until it 's actually verified , if at all . 
  europe west . 
  every game there 's a handful . 
  consider ; eastern ukraine has been overlooked by kyiv for multiple successive government . 
  economically there 's been no stimulus . 
  they 're unemployed . 
  things are n't looking better with the unrest which lead to a government change , which many of them disagree with . 
  i think many of them would feel better taken care of under russia or under themselves than with ukraine , but i think that stems from ignorance more than anything else . 
  so i do n't consider unfeasible that there are legitimately angry people that live in eastern ukraine that have taken it upon themselves to do what they are doing . 
  i think what the problem is here is the manner in which they have done it . 
  it is one thing to be a mob that deposes authority and occupies buildings - this happened in west ukraine , an this was an expression of protest against the regime . 
  i think it is another thing entirely to entirely subvert that authority and walk around with assault rifles , rpgs and so on , wearing masks all the while so nobody can see who you are . 
  that changes things from dissent to separatism , and i , for one , would feel much more sympathetic to these people if they were n't arming themselves to the teeth and waving the russian flag . 
  cyka blyat pudge noob mid or feed you can tear apart entire teams in dota just by asking if someone is russian . 
  i , for one , think it 's a nice question !, 
  in games when you chat it 's usually like this ; cyridius : < your message here  so my message would be '' ) '' and it would show up as ; cyridius  that 's what i think the logic is anyways . 
  it 's just how it 's done . 
  dota , man . 
  you can tear teams apart just by asking if someone 's russian . 
  good guy american ; uses metric measurements on european forums, 
  nobody actually knows what happened with them , but what 's known is that a number of armoured vehicles flying the russian flag have entered the city . 
  i think that 's actually reasonable . 
  you 're hitting two birds with one stone ; integration issues and welfare hogs . 
  assuming that people give a fuck about their neighbours or do n't want to anger them in the first place . 
  what 's `` european culture '' ? 
  that 's an insanely abstract concept seeing as there are dozens of cultures in europe , all of which have been adversely affected by global trade , colonialism and conquest since before even the roman empire . 
  so tell me , what specifically makes a culture `` european '' . 
  is albania european culture ? 
  bosnia ? 
  cyprus ? 
  sicily ? 
  hungary , romania , moldova , ukraine , serbia , croatia - are those european cultures ? 
  because it is retarded to assume that culture is static and unchanging . 
  how many words has french taken from english , and vice versa ? 
  how many countries around the world speak a european language or have traditions , ideals and so on that the europeans exported ? 
  thinking you can `` preserve '' culture is deluded , it 's perpetually changing because culture is organic . 
  what you 're doing is pointing at a land barrier and arbitrarily declaring that anyone on the other side does n't have a culture worth a shit , which is simply not true , especially given that we 've heavily influenced all those cultures ourselves . 
  up until the point of the ukraine crisis i had a * slightly * higher view of russia . 
  i never liked russia as a state , to me the federation is simply a union of unwilling participants that the russian government has been oppressively keeping together since the soviet collapse .
