  that 's a dangerous path . 
  the secret vote is a cornerstone of democracy , and what you 're suggeting is fundamentally inhibiting the democratic process ( penalizing people for voting a certain way ) . 
  i think `` isolationist '' would be a better term in this situation . 
  the croatians are n't part of any eu-swiss agreement , as there was no protocols adding in croatia to the agreement when they joined ( as has happened for any other nation that joined after the initial agreement with switzerland was signed ) . 
  so , really , it does n't apply the that . 
  the croatians are n't part of any eu-swiss agreement , as there was no protocols adding in croatia to the agreement when they joined ( as has happened for any other nation that joined after the initial agreement with switzerland was signed ) . 
  so , really , it does n't apply the that . 
   ( as the eu benefits from trade with switzerland ) . 
  the benefit is disproportionate . 
  they are in the region of 5 % of our imports , which can easily be gotten from elsewhere , and they wont hike tariffs on our exports to them . 
  theoretically we can bully any neighbouring non-eu nation we like , but we do n't because there 's goodwill . 
  if switzerland were to backtrack on that goodwill , like , say , axing bilateral agreements , then i feel we 'd be justified in hitting back . 
  it 's not that switzerland does n't want to follow the rules , it 's that they accepted that they would follow the rules in exchange for a number of benefits . 
  now they 're deciding those rules are n't worth following , so to me those benefits are n't worth giving . 
  i know your argument is about `` what 's in the eu 's interests '' , but what those interests might be is subjective . 
  damage trade relations with a minor trade partner , or lose political credibility . 
  that 's the choice . 
  we 'll see about what triggers the guillotine clause , but if it can be used i think it should be . 
  if there 's a way out - such as another agreement which meets the eu halfway , then it might not be worth the trouble . 
  i 'm just explaining what the picture was meant to highlight . 
  i 'm indifferent to the whole thing . 
  this has actually been repeatedly deleted on a lot of other subreddits by moderators . 
   personally i do n't think that the data cited in this article of itself is indicative that `` the bailouts worked '' . 
  i agree , but only because i think it 's too early to tell . 
  a healthy market leads to economic stimulation which leads to job production . 
  and off they all go to east ukraine, 
  bzzzzzzzzztbzzzbzzzzbzzzzzt, 
  all the mods are american and they fixed the ranking system to place america as high as possible . 
  ah so instead of having the two elected senator per state you have two appointed members ? 
  i know what deficit means , i 'm just asking why this is important . 
  why is this 3 % the threshold , what makes it so important ? 
  the gchq is infiltrating / r/europe !, 
  so essentially like the american congress ? 
  the house of representatives and the senate ? 
  in a federal system that seems to be the most logical approach . 
  can someone explain what this means ? 
  all this has done is ensured yanukovych wont be going anywhere peacefully anytime soon and totally alienated his followers . 
  should he somehow push forward a secession in the south east you can be sure he wont be facing a trial for the foreseeable future . 
  the hague is the right place to put him on trial , but whether he should have been put to trial in the first place was still up for questioning . 
  now we know . 
  it 's not the voting in of a president ( which is a simplification of what actually happens , people do n't directly vote in a president ) that makes the us a 2-party system . 
  it 's the electoral college system and the legalized corruption . 
  parliamentary democracy does not equate a multiparty system . 
  taking the uk for example , it 's only ever had three coalition governments in the past century , one of which was the national government during world war ii . 
  i would be very surprised if the lib dems remained relevant next election . 
  it 's not about representing populations it 's about representing individual nation states . 
  not saying it does n't need a rework , but it is what it is . 
  nobody intends to put up a wall !, 
  well if you just let yourself be annexed by croatia ... 
   and we were not the ones with the horse meet in everything scandal  that you know of , 
  i think the fact that it 's in french shows just how european - if not global - this issue is . 
  it may not have truly effected our day to day lives but it has effected us all on some level . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i did n't know anything about this whole `` world war ii '' business until i saw this thread . 
  fascinating stuff !, 
  that reminds me why i do n't go on the front page . 
  [ i 'll just leave this here ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9x70bndpc70 ), 
  so an italian frank underwood ? 
  younger people are always enthusiastic and want to see change . 
  i know nothing about him but i think `` inexperience '' is sometimes a good thing to have . 
  it is sourced and if surrounding people and wasting them with snipers is n't a massacre then i do n't know what is . 
  the thing about implications is that people are capable of making them up all on their own . 
  i did n't imply anything . 
  i said georgia was stopping south ossetia from seceding . 
  i said russia stepped in . 
  anything you draw from that is all you . 
  the georgians were using some pretty inhumane strategies ( bombarding cities with artillery positions in georgia ) so russia invaded and sorted them out . 
  initially they were only meant to stay in south ossetia but advanced into georgia to create a buffer zone because the artillery were still firing . 
  the vast majority do not . 
  many european countries allow gun ownership when provided with probable cause - for example in ireland i own a rifle for sports shooting . 
  but in most countries self defense simply does no cut it , and in ireland if i used self-defense as reason for ownership i 'd never be allowed to apply for a firearm again . 
  the difference between us an the americans is that very few of us have constitutional provisions to ** ensure ** firearms ownership . 
  we have our tools purely because authority allows it , and that 's not right . 
  that does n't make anything i said bullshit . 
  you realize that 's what i said ? 
  it is n't really putin 's style to annex territory from his neighbours . 
  direct military intervention , sure , but he wont risk taking the region directly . 
  they 'd need to become independent and then join the russian federation . 
  [ i think this explains things pretty well ] ( http://waterfordwhispersnews.com/2014/02/19/government-calls-corks-bluff-forcing-it-to-secede-from-ireland/ ), 
  rotterdam suffers from conurbation . 
  urban sprawl causing it to merge with other towns . 
  creates for some very unsightly design . 
  why ca n't we for once have a comprehensive law on a controversial topic ? 
  prostitution * can * be involuntary . 
  in this situation , the law works well . 
  prostitution * can * be voluntary . 
  in this situation , the law sucks . 
  why not have something that addresses both points , instead of assuming one thing or the other ? 
  good on them . 
  the right to self-defense is fundamental to our autonomy as human beings , and the most crucial part of self-defense is having the right tools for the job . 
  the one thing i will praise america for over europeans is their right to bear and keep arms . 
  russian intervention is n't unlikely , to be honest . 
  there is precedent . 
  the russian-georgian war in 2008 for example , where the georgians were trying to stop south ossetia from seceding , russia stepped in to force georgia to back the fuck off . 
  if crimea wants to secede or there 's plans to make a south-east ukrainian republic , russia will be there to stop west ukraine from doing anything . 
  that was mentioned in the article . 
  ships do n't just move around for shits and giggles . 
  they react to threats in order to create intimidation . 
  russia knows what its doing when it moves its navy around . 
  there may be no intention to intervene ( personally i smell another georgia vs south ossetia situation ) , but it 's there to basically let those in the region know `` we 're watching you and we 're no fucking around '' .
