  most adults with responsibility are in bed by now . 
  except soldiers do not break any laws unless they commit a warcrime . 
  the nsa was breaking domestic us laws . 
  it 's not like they were caught spying on germany , they were caught spying on their own people , which is why americans gave a fuck to start with . 
   there 's no proof in the article that the plane was there to snatch snowden at all . 
  if i carry a gun , break into your house and point it at you , that does n't mean i was there to kill you at all . 
  / s a plane used for cia renditions flying towards russia while americans ask for snowden to get handed over ? 
  yeah , i 'm * sure * that was n't there for him . 
  so you 're saying that despite the european union having 517 million inhabitants , a couple of thousand are going to break the banks ? 
   spent 6 months 3 different cities in china as well oh yea , middle class european spends 6 months in china , must be an expert on the lives of the 1 billion people living there . 
   totalitarien police state ... sure . 
  on paper . 
  once you know how the social aspects work down there , you \u00b4 ll feel more free than a lot of other countries in the west . 
  hah hahahaha hahahahahahaha oh god , that was a good joke . 
   the taliban have a culture too , as does the post-soviet kleptocracy . 
  that does n't mean they deserve respect or preservation . 
  great slippery slope argument . 
   expletives , and the emotional fog behind them , do n't make your assertions into arguments . 
  oh , i 'm sorry , did a few swear words hurt your feelings while i called you out on your bullshit ? 
  because most places on the planet call it football . 
  it 's north america and former american puppet states that call it soccer . 
  nice comment history . 
  dick . 
  ah , there are some delightfully racist , bigoted and ignorant comment chains here . 
  just another day on / r/europe, 
  god this is all such utter bullshit . 
  hahaha yeah , my pops fought the israelis in the yom kippur war . 
  all his brothers died in it . 
  you should hear him rambling on about the jews sometime . 
  joe biden said it . 
  i thought it was because they say stupid shit like how america is the only non-xenophobic major economy in existence . 
  nope . 
  i mean our unemployed . 
  they 're as much of a dead weight as the foreigners are . 
  we should stop paying for their healthcare and other benefits , surely ? 
  africa was a shit hole no more than europe was . 
  it has its own culture and civilization and we stomped on it until it submitted to our foreign domination . 
  we took everything and gave them nothing in return except our languages and centuries of violence and murder in order to pursue larger profits . 
  and just because we may or may not have gotten rid of a political system ( such as tirbalism ( which , by the way , still exists ) ) does n't mean we did n't treat them like absolute shit . 
  and we still do . 
  colonialism definitely is not over and people who argue that we `` gave something '' to africans that in * any way * even * remotely * compensates for the absolute shit we did to them , is ignorant as fuck of historical reality . 
  and on top of that , anyone who argues that `` they 've had enough time to fix themselves '' is dumb as fuck and is ignorant of current reality . 
  it 's really , * really * fucking easy to say `` it 's better off now than before colonialism '' because there happened to be a giant fucking leap in technology which the entire fucking planet benefited from . 
  so do n't use that argument again , it 's nonsense . 
  export the unemployed . 
  so , stop paying for unemployed people then ? 
  or is it because they 're black that you do n't like them ? 
  yeah , we only committed genocide , occupied it for centuries , drew arbitrary borders leaving to dozens of conflicts , did n't educate the population at all , took their resources and funneled all the profits back to ourselves , and built infrastructure exclusively around exploitation of the resources ( which is now in the hands of western corporations , not african nations ) . 
  we truly did a great thing for those uncivilized niggers . 
  we should also stop paying for the healthcare of unemployed people . 
  yes , china , the exemplar of perfect post-colonial countries , where the people live in shit conditions , the biggest output of pollution on the planet , and where the workers are treated like slaves . 
  truly the best country . 
  yeah , it 's not like it 's a totalitarian police state or anything . 
  nope , great place . 
  worth the cost . 
   there are only a few small areas where coloniasm had a negative impact lol, 
  yeah it 's not like we , developed countries , have no treatment for this disease whatsoever . 
   and european colonialism should no longer be the excuse for africa being a shithole . 
  why ? 
  programming is extremely logical and mechanical , and many , *** many *** programs are based on designing and enacting complex mathematical algorithms . 
  try programming a simulation or a game engine without extremely complicated maths . 
  on top of this , if your programming 's a mess , you 've just written a shitty programme . 
  people are meant to be able to look at , read , and modify your programmes long after you 've stopped working on them , and for that to work ( as well as a whole host of efficiency issues in how you manage computer power ) , you need to have an extremely well structured programme . 
  that study has been debunked as overtly optimistic . 
  the uk will realistically not be the biggest economy in europe by 2030 , and definitely wont be if it leaves . 
  the european union 's strength is united economic pressure . 
  the uk will never be able to tango with the eu , simple as that , and as such it will always be playing second fiddle to the union if it decides to separate itself from us . 
  we do n't oppose juncker . 
  we backed him in late may . 
  enda kenny was actually marked as the presidential candidate but turned it down as he was ( and is ) still our taoiseach . 
  in fact , he 's still a possible back up candidate . 
  as a member of the epp , who has already given his support post-elections , ireland is very much in juncker 's corner . 
  all that 's happened is that he 's met rutte . 
  the irony is that they 'd use poles to build them . 
  it 's still a worrying development nonetheless . 
  nonsense , much like comrade kim , comrade lenin has surpassed the need for bodily functions . 
  they pay double . 
  once to the eu and once to their country of residence . 
  or at least that 's how it works for irish meps . 
  lots of people are n't welcome on / r/europe . 
  depending on the topic , day , hour , minute and second i can get massively upvoted or downvoted for being a socialist . 
  i can get rabidly attacked for being against immigration restrictions . 
  wildly racist people and fascists can get to the top . 
  euroskeptics can get well received or get trashed . 
  stop trying to victimize yourself because the reality is that you got downvoted for asking a stupid question . 
  how does lowering funding to an institution with lots of power increase corruption ? 
  you * really * have to ask that ? 
  and your follow up question , too , you 're just being smugly facetious and i suspect it was at that point the downvote brigade rolled in . 
  and then you have the audacity to complain about being downvoted `` because i 'm a euroskeptic '' ? 
  *** really ? 
  *** it 's not even that you asked a stupid question , it 's that once it got answered you just refused to accept the answer , which basically told everyone you were n't trying to ask a question at all , you were just trying to have another go at the ep for no reason . 
  someone said something , which is pretty solid common sense , and your instant reply is n't `` oh , i 'm genuinely curious though , how does lowering funds increase corruption ? 
  '' , no , it 's like `` i do n't believe you despite this being a very straight forward and clear idea , why would this be the case ? '' . 
  it 's like asking someone why you should n't shoot them , it 's pretty clear why and they 'll call you dumb as fuck for asking that question . 
  and then once someone tells you why , you follow up with a facetious remark , and then after that you follow up with a totally unfounded statement . 
  and * then * , you try to divert attention by adding a new dimension to the entire argument that will totally deflect any response someone can give you - `` oh , i would rather profit-motive did n't exist and people did n't earn an unfair amount of money '' - well join the club , nobody 's going to disagree with such an obvious statement . 
  usually i can sympathize with people who get `` needlessly downvoted '' - - because needless downvotes * do * happen , but , really , get over yourself . 
  victimizing oneself does not suit a political minority , take that from someone who gets shit regularly for what i believe in . 
  depends on what you call civilized . 
  if you want to label the entire concept of war as uncivilized , then no there is none .
