  i wonder which of the 100 threads that have been posted about ukraine have spoken about how this is shaking the foundations of peace and democracy and how unprepared europe is for what 's about to come ? 
  probably all of them . 
   upvoting posts is exactly how reddit works . 
  posts about ukraine get to the front page because people see them as relevant , and people have discussions about those posts - just as it should be . 
  again , not how reddit works . 
  reddit works how the moderators of the particular subreddit want it to work . 
  that is how it is . 
  your argument goes fundamentally against the concept of a subreddit in the first place , and against the concept of forum moderatorship , and against the concept of quality control . 
  relying on upvotes for quality control caters to the lowest common denominator i.e. 
  the least invested people in the subreddit . 
   what you 're calling for is moderators to prevent it from working , to prevent the readers of / r/europe from deciding what they see as interesting and relevant in this sub . 
  and afaik those posts have not broken / r/europe rules which would require moderator action . 
  if the readers of / r/europe are so adamantly against this then my post would n't have gotten to the front page , and if the moderators did n't agree then there would n't be a megathread right now . 
  there are other subreddits which are exclusively about ukraine . 
  we do not need / r/europe to become another one . 
  the modern democratic process . 
  inspires faith in the system , does n't it ? 
   secondly i think a mega thread kills the updating on the topic . 
  it just does n't work as well and new updates get buried . 
  * how * ? 
  you literally can not bury a news update on reddit , sort by new . 
   the russians on / r/ukrainianconflict are very active in downvoting anything that goes against the russian narrative . 
  yes and people here are very active in downvoting anything against the european narrative . 
  it does n't really matter , the point is that this is n't / r/ukraine . 
  it 's / r/europe , and last i checked ukraine was n't the only thing going on in the world . 
  i would n't have complained if the threads being submitted were actually 1/10 decent , it 's just taking rhetoric from nobodies and spamming them onto the subreddit , and then on top of that it 's just blogspam from irrelevant opinion pieces . 
  if there was actual * news * going on it would be a different story . 
  i 'm sick of seeing the 100th submission about how nato needs to protect the baltics or how putin is hitler 2.0 or how the ukrainians do n't support russia or about how we need to be energy independent from russia because of ukraine and that russia 's are all crazy and brainwashed by propaganda . 
  it 's the same shit over and over . 
  it 's been done to death . 
   this practically amounts to let 's not have indepth discussions about ukraine . 
  the ukraine megathreads were warranted when things were developing very rapidly , and each and every update was best put into the same megathread . 
  those megathreads were good for posting updates and tidbits of information but certainly not conductive for indepth discussions or analyses . 
  too bad . 
  we 've had 6 weeks of `` in depth '' discussion , all of which amount to the same thing being said over and over again . 
  it 's a well that 's gone dry . 
  if you want indepth discussion , go to / r/ukraineconflict or post in the megathread and make something happen . 
   which reflects how important / r/europe considers the matter and having discussions on it . 
  people make posts , and they get upvoted to the front page because people consider those posts worthy . 
  your suggestion deprives / r/europe from that choise . 
  not how reddit works . 
  if that was the case then moderators are obsolete . 
  what you 're describing is called a circlejerk . 
   people also have discussions and post a lot of comments in those threads , which should also speak volumes of how relevant people consider them . 
  they have the same discussion over and over again . 
   in effect your suggestion amounts to a giant wholesale downvote button preventing threads that people consider important from rising to the front page . 
  it does n't get much more front page than getting stuck to the top . 
  this is / r/europe . 
  not / r/ukraine . 
  i , and many other people , are sick to death of seeing nothing except ukraine . 
  there are other things going on and there 's been so many threads , with absolutely trivial updates ( nobody cares that you 're posting the 10th poll about ukrainians not wanting to join russia ) that it 's drowning out anything else . 
  let people discuss ukraine . 
  but there 's nothing relevant being posted about it anymore , just the same recycled information hitting the front page saying the same thing , and repeated opinion pieces which constitute as little more than blog spam . 
  the megathread will do fine for the quality of content . 
  what a load of turncoats . 
  azerbaijan is in europe , but come on ... somewhere a bit more central and that does n't have appalling human rights records . 
  just like the old days !, 
  you underestimate the margin that districts are won on . 
  10 million is just over 3 % of the population , which is more than enough to swing a lot of districts in someone 's favour and win them an election . 
  the uk is very unique in how it handles independence movements . 
  what will effect the basque movement is what happens with catalonia next year and how spain reacts . 
  not you , but there 's like a million other people . 
  you sounded pretty reasonable , as per usual . 
  maybe you 'll do a copy of georgia 's 2009 entry . 
  thanks . 
  though you probably meant that in an insulting way , god knows the state of the leftist representation is awful . 
  i 'm a communist . 
  i do n't exactly have faith in the current political system . 
  these people - they 're all jokers to me either way , most countries that use this voting system are the same and it 's just another vehicle for corruption . 
  that does n't look even remotely safe . 
  excellent . 
  it 'd be whataboutism if i was using it as justification . 
  historical precedence from an entirely different time where a whole array of tools are available to us now that were n't then . 
  satellite , the internet , mass media , military technology has simply taken leaps and bounds , and russia , unlike nazi germany in 1938 , is militarily outmatched by any potential opponents , which would mean any military conflict will invariably involve use of tactical nuclear weapons , at which point the whole nuclear deterrent comes into play . 
  it is n't feasible for russia to continue on a warpath , most of its actions now are direct pushback to the circumstances . 
  people also forget that the same precedent they talk about ended with a man sticking a gun in his mouth and pulling the trigger . 
  that 's cus immigrants are poor and ca n't afford internet , amirite ? 
  but really , i 'm 2nd generation and i know a lot of 1st generation and some of the shit that 's said just blows my mind . 
  yeah , i was pretty shocked a few years ago when i found out absentee voting is actually a thing . 
   i rarely comment on threads concerning russia now after my recent bout trying to give a balanced view and being met with `` nato is n't doing anything wrong at all the eu is right putin has no reason to do what he 's doing fuckkkkk rosssssyiaaaa '' i do n't really have any interest in comment on them any further . 
  i just want to ukraine megathread back so i can actually see content i want to take part in on the front page . 
  i have a niggling feeling that if we removed the ukraine content there 'd be absolutely nothing but shit on the front page , but i 'd like to actually see that myself before i start complaining about that , too . 
  do n't listen to him , that thread 's 4 months old and he 's just being a cunt . 
  look up polandball . 
  once you go over the 40,000 mark most subreddits start to degenerate . 
  usually good moderators can keep it in line . 
  i still think there 's a lot of discussion to be had , but the ukraine crisis has polarized most of it and is monopolizing political discourse in the sub atm . 
  as for immigrants , you could never really talk about immigrants on this sub . 
  too many closet racists . 
  this happens in a lot of places . 
  [ here 's one of it happening in texas ] ( http://youtu.be/eg6x-xtvask?t=45s ), 
  because the people who bring it up are usually rabidly racist . 
  i do n't want cultural hegemony - i think the culture differences make europe crazy and exciting - but i do want a heavily integrated political europe . 
  i miss old dubyah . 
  he was such a goof , very predictable in his own way . 
   they only reason they should be here is to serve my interests that 's disgusting . 
  immigrants are n't your fucking slaves . 
  immigrants do n't integrate when they 're treated like shit . 
  france had a policy of assimilation and actively treated foreigners like shit if they showed any cultural differences . 
  that does n't make those foreigners more inclined to change , it just makes them hate the established order and cling to what they have .
