  the thing about crimea is that it has a * very * large russian population . 
  you hear about minorities in ukraine , or minorities in estonia , or minorities here there and everywhere . 
  no , russians are the majority population of crimea , followed by ukrainians , and lastly tatars . 
  well , to be fair , there 's also civil crime . 
  you 're thinking of belgium . 
  i declare the republic of petoria !, 
  probably a blooper . 
  eu citizens in a nutshell . 
  something good happens ; `` nah it was n't the eu it was all us '' something bad happens ; `` fuck the eu '', 
  in context of how many jews there actually were , denmark did n't save nearly as much as many other countries in europe . 
  pretty sure us in ireland have gotten more than our fair share , and while some may grumble about the deals we got with the bailout , almost anybody will agree that without the eu we would be a shambles , and that without the eu our economy is always going to be weak , and without the eu we 're being left behind . 
  a few years ago the outlook might be different , but after what the union did for us in the economic crash it 's extremely positive . 
  with that said , we all know it 's a bureaucratic mess . 
  fled the city . 
  not everybody can handle peasants with ak-47s , man , be cool . 
  it 's not that we should n't care , it 's that he holds no political credibility --  he lacks any kind of influence on the political stage , which means ultimately nothing comes from his statements . 
  let 's take irish president michael d. higgins for example , i do n't know what he 's been doing since he 's gotten elected . 
  i know he 's made a few speeches and visited some places , but that 's about it . 
  nobody pays attention to him , we just assume he 's doing stuff . 
  i 'm not german , so i ca n't comment , but i 'd assume any president that fills a similar role ( i.e. 
  extracted from politics and the only thing they actually do is sign on the dotted line ) is regarded in the same manner . 
  he 's not wrong in what he said - though he is a gigantic asshole . 
  it 's far easier to act from within a crowd , to ridicule from within a crowd , than it is to talk infront of one . 
  with that said , his offers to let people onto the stage were pretty much lies , so ... 
  that seems very sketchy in regards to ireland . 
  the last generation has come up pretty atheistic . 
  is n't something like that against the rules ? 
   that does n't seem like a coup . 
  the vote to remove yanukovych did n't follow constitutional process . 
  it 's effectively an extra-legal decree of the majority parliament . 
  something not really provided for . 
  sexism implies gender inferiority . 
  women are absolutely different to men , right down to the cellular level , but they 're also over half the planet 's population , and not to mention just because they 're different does n't mean they 're worse . 
  i absolutely do n't believe in gender quotas but more women in any kind of profession is n't bad - in most cases . 
  it was n't a democracy under yanukovych, 
  actually , the white terror was so bad many of the british and french soldiers were disgusted to be fighting alongside them , and some even expressed sympathy for the reds in their own personal documents . 
  the red terror was still vile - for example the b\u00e9la kun massacre - execution of 50,000 troops and civilians who were promised amnesty if they gave up . 
  but it was n't on the same level as the white terror , that `` 1.7 million '' figure you toss around is general civil war casualties . 
  do n't get me wrong , lenin was n't a good guy , stalin was evil incarnate , and communism is on par with nazism , but we do n't need to exaggerate their crimes when they 're already bad enough to start with . 
  he could 've been , but it was politically savvy to reinstate the monarchy . 
  democratic ? 
  lol if by `` democratic '' you mean he had an executive council of people he appointed to make all the decisions , then , yes , he was democratic . 
  if by `` democracy '' you mean having no freedom of press , mass executing protesters and strikers , holding families hostage , and starting a policy of systematic class-based genocide , which stalin finished , then yes , leninist russia was a democracy . 
  it 's actually kind of hilarious . 
  in a sad way . 
  the only person angry and bitter here is you . 
  yes , some people do n't like the eu . 
  that 's fine . 
  the problem is that the majority of the people in this sub that dislike the eu are constant shitposters who 's * only * contribution is that the eu is the modern equivalent to the axis of evil . 
  see / u/iglekotten 's or / u/mkvgtired 's responses to my post - * that * is what i want to see . 
  instead i get comments like yours . 
  clowns like farage that can only spit rhetoric do n't hold up well in a debate format . 
  it 'll be interesting to see if he can handle clegg 's debate experience or if clegg can call him on his bullshit . 
   i 'm starting to believe that a good deal of the people harping on against hate-speech laws ( or , more correctly , against protected categories of people ) have never been hit with the brunt of publicly hostile attitudes for who they are or how they look like . 
  i have been , and i am still vehemently against these laws . 
  my feelings do not come before someone else 's rights . 
  ever . 
  what you 're describing is different to simple racial slurs . 
  if i am afraid for my life and there is legitimate reason to be , then there is an issue that simply is n't `` someone called me a filthy sand nigger '' . 
  it would n't be an issue if they had n't promised a referendum on the issue beforehand , now they 're just totally ignoring the population . 
  learning from switzerland , i suppose . 
  then if you got rid of the opt out it would also be by your decision . 
  what 's your point ? 
  i was referring to that other one . 
  i live right in between two towns and i seem to be in the sweet spot . 
  when there 's no clouds i can look up and see every star in the sky . 
  not all memberstates of the eu are members of nato , and vice versa . 
  because every post that 's against the eu or the euro is shittily constructed and makes the person posting look like a retard . 
  let 's take a look at / u/igelkotten 's one-and-a-bit lines of `` genius '' . 
   why ? 
  to join a bad currency union , completely loose control over the central bank and the lovely opportunity to bail out countries ? 
  ok , so he has made three points and has not backed them up at all . 
  why is the currency union bad ? 
  what is bad with sharing the central bank ? 
  what is wrong with economically supporting other eurozone states if that means a stronger currency ? 
  no , what this post is showing is general bitterness towards the entire * concept * of the eu ( rozone ) , laced with what looks like hyperbole and a parroting . 
  nobody wants to read that shit . 
  there 's no explanation about what he would prefer , what would make integration acceptable , what could be done to improve the system . 
  nope , it 's just pure , blind , * aimless * negativity . 
  and , just for the record , just because something is a widely held opinion does n't mean it 's correct or even accurate . 
  here 's the thing , there are 28 member states of the eu , most european nations are a part of the union now , and * most people * like it . 
  so when someone comes making a low quality comment like that , it gets downvoted . 
   ( huh . 
  this was weird just typing those sentences . 
  as if a people should n't be allowed to decide stuff for themselves ) . 
  what 's weird about it ? 
  people have decisions made for them by higher ups on the daily basis . 
  that 's what a country is . 
  or any form of governing body . 
  `` but we democratically elected them to make decisions for us , so we 're still kind of making the decisions '' well , yeah , same thing . 
  if you wanted to renegotiate opt-outs and screwing your immigration policy was part of the deal , then you made the decision to pass that responsibility on to someone else so they can make decisions for you . 
  [ this is the flag of the council of europe ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b7/flag_of_europe.svg/800px-flag_of_europe.svg.png ) . 
  it 's the de-facto `` flag of europe '' , in dependent of the eu , but is also generally used as a reference to the eu . 
  oh , yes , that 's going to work out so well this time now that anti-eu sentiment is on the rise in * certain islands * . 
  you 've had military bases and missile sites in most of our countries ever since world war ii , not to mention we 're all lesser partners in nato . 
  with that said , i would n't exactly call it `` exploitation '' as it would be `` europeans want to be self-sufficient '' . 
  it 's not like your military bases were n't useful during the cold war , or that membership in nato for europeans has never worked out , shit like that . 
  it 's just with the development of the eu , the fall of the ussr , america 's foreign policy and all this spying business , europeans have become pretty alienated from those they used to consider friends and allies . 
  they do n't have the logistics or power projection tools to become a global military yet . 
  they 're still pretty regional - i 'd say on the same level as the eu now .
