  germany , france , spain , portugal , scandinavia , netherlands , belgium , italy , and so on all get on fine without english being their first language . 
  anyone that thinks the people have true control over their country has their head buried in the sand . 
  there are very , * very * few places in the world where the people are democratically conscious , and where they can rally to be heard . 
  and that is a deliberate creation of the ruling classes , not just in places like asia or america , but in europe as well . 
  we are trained from birth to be obedient citizens , like we 're products of a factory . 
  we are not told or taught to preserve and fight for our democracy and our right to have our voices heard , and until we have a class conscious population , it will continue to be that way . 
  no , it 's not total sovreignty . 
  we 're a * union * . 
  many of us have common currencies , we all have a common market , we have common regulations we have common standards - if we want these things , we * must * give up levels of sovreignty in accordance . 
  amalgamation of powers is an efficient means of solving problems , which is why a lot of the problems caused by eu integration can be solved by further eu integration . 
  i know you were being facetious , but ... you can not reverse globalization unless you shut yourself off from the world in every sense of the word . 
  neoliberal economic policies which have been adopted almost universally have launched globalization into its current stage and is what 's causing these major economic problems . 
  lepen needs to have an extremely solid economic basis from which she can dismantle the neoliberal establishment while simultaneously forcing french capital to stay in france and maintaining current republican democracy . 
  in short , if she were to get elected tomorrow , fundamentally nothing would change as she 's a slave to and endorses the neoliberal policies which are causing the problems she is campaigning against . 
  someone was just watching house of cards . 
  nah , media privilege and all that . 
  it 's a shocking hate crime and this photo needs to be distributed far and wide . 
  the ideology of the parents is not necessarily that of the family . 
  i 'm far removed from my father . 
  english is a weird language . 
  just accept it and go with the flow . 
   the news yesterday was that some gypsy kid got his ass kicked after stealing some stuff . 
  i do n't think the news mentioned he was kidnapped , trapped in a basement , beaten so badly he is in a medically induced coma with multiple skull fractures , and then left to die alone in a fucking shopping cart . 
  it very much did say that . 
   where do you think the ecb gets the money from to buy this debt thin air . 
  well that 's just a statement of fact . 
  you 're telling me you have never , ever , ever , ever , *** ever *** laughed at a stereotype ? 
  ever ? 
  stereotypes can have humorous value . 
  that 's just a simple reality . 
  now , if you 're done coming out of the woodwork with a failed attempt at character assassination , grow up . 
  i did n't defend it once . 
  simply stated a reality that people will keep using it because it 's easily recognizable and occasionally humorous . 
   does blocking tax investigations happens in the white house as well ? 
  probably , yeah . 
  it 's a lease attained under threat of force where both sides have to agree to terminate . 
  if cuba could kick the us off , they 'd have done it by now . 
  an illegal occupation , arguably . 
  but cuba would never be able to eject the americans so it 's really a moot point . 
  piketty is known as the top statistician alive . 
  his book is a testament to that . 
  anyone that tries to argue that probably has some sort of agenda . 
  i a ` int gon na say his work is perfect , because that would n't be true , but it is one of the most ground breaking books on economics of our era . 
  i 'm not using him as an `` appeal to authority '' argument , i 'm using him as a `` this guy has fuck loads of stats that * empirically prove what has been said in the past * and it * supports my argument * '' there are experts in every field that disagree with someone . 
  3 % of experts in climate do not believe in climate change . 
  are the other 97 % invalid now ? 
  unless you can come up with someone that solidly * disproves * piketty , i am and will continue to use him as a source . 
  because he 's a really fucking good source . 
   while capitalism surely has inherent flaws , history has proven again and again that it is the most optimal economic system there ~ ~ is ~ ~ was what is the point in an optimal system when the population does not see the benefit ? 
  yes , it is absolutely undeniable that capitalism , in the past , has seen us through great strides in science and technology . 
  but this was due to the state , not private enterprise . 
  almost every piece of tech we have is a product of us , soviet or european government research projects ( usually for military use ) . 
  cuba , what tried to be a socialist state , has more doctors per capita than anywhere else and exports them all over the world . 
  these are the kind of things we should be caring about . 
  these strides could have been done without capitalism . 
  capitalism has , and continues to , empower the wealthy . 
  it is no surprise that under economic blockade , industrial espionage and military threat , that countries that have attempted socialism have turned into authoritarian and economically inefficient regimes . 
  there is a continuing disparity in inequality , and it is a widening gap . 
  this has been shown long before piketty came about . 
  while capitalism may have done great things for us , it 's also done [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2013_savar_building_collapse ) , [ this ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2011/11/10/article-2060030-0ebc25f400000578-685_468x366.jpg ) , [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/congo_free_state#humanitarian_disaster ) , [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slavery ) , and has inflicted many , many other cruelties upon humanity . 
  as chaplain said , [ dictators empower themselves , but enslave the people ] ( http://youtu.be/qcvjowownn4?t=1m5s ) it is a fundamentally exploitative system , and while it 's good at making money ( a reality that is becoming less and less apparent , as more and more capital enters the hands of few individuals and wealth stops circulating , a problem we have n't seen since the so-called `` dark ages '' ) , it is n't good at improving the lives of the general population , and it 's something we should be actively working against . 
   bruges , spanish netherlands ( currently belgium ) ... for now . 
  their economics are not on the same end . 
  tonnes of gue/ngl - arguably most if not all of it - is anti-capitalist . 
  that does n't lend itself to forming a coalition . 
  `` national security '', 
  gue/ngl wont form a majority with alde , they 're ideologically opposed . 
   besides how can you tell when that is ? 
  that 's up to contention . 
   the economy stagnated during the great depression but quickly rose back up . 
  that 's not really relevant on the long term . 
   does marx explain what factors will contribute to the fall of society ? 
  rampant inequality tends to lead to rapid change . 
   it reminds me of the 2012 thing with the maya indians . 
  dae think economics that 's well founded in well sourced statistics by various extremely proficient and reputable experts in their field = stone carved by native americans thousands of years ago ? 
   if you believe communism is a good choice currently then you 're clearly mistaken . 
  who said anything about me supporting communism ? 
  that does n't mean i 'm a communist , though in a world where people are taught nothing about socialism except through hollywood movies and right wing rhetoric , i 'm not surprised you think the way you do . 
   this is stupid talk . 
  we 've had this conversation before in other threads , and i 've consistently felt like i 'm talking to a 5 year old . 
  the last time we went through this you told me the usa and russia are both communist states and that there is no economic basis for the idea of increasing inequality . 
  if there 's `` stupid talk '' going on - a totally unnecessary insult towards someone who 's trying to have a productive conversation with you , by the way - it is n't coming from me . 
   give me any pros with communism over capitalism ? 
  we 've also had this conversation before , and all you could come up with to refute me is the `` human nature '' argument which has no factual basis at all . 
   besides i never hear anyone from social democrates talking about communism . 
  that 's because social democracy has absolutely nothing to do with communism . 
  it 's a bastardization of socialism that tries to maintain capitalism while improving people 's lives through a welfare state , which is well intentioned but in the long run changes nothing . 
  do n't worry about it , racists will do anything to justify to themselves that they 're not racist . 
  that includes attacking the people calling them out on their shit . 
   so the housing shortage we have plenty of houses - generally speaking . 
  millions of empty ones . 
  people just do n't want to sell them and would rather they lie derelict than have them be used by the poor . 
  it is n't the same in every single country , but especially in places there was a housing boom - like spain - there are so many houses we could give each individual immigrant to europe a house in spain for years before we ran out . 
  so i do n't think `` housing shortage '' is an apt name , it 's more `` the developers do n't want to sell because they think they can make more money '' . 
   wage dumps are not a part of immigration . 
  they 're a result of companies moving abroad , and the government laying off on forcing wage increases in order to try and keep companies in their country . 
  this is a product of neoliberal globalization - not immigration . 
  wage dumping ~ ~ is ~ ~ is n't done to make natives compete with immigrants , it 's done to compete with other countries . 
   if a bulgarian truck driver take over the job of the swedish truck driver the swedish truck driver suddenly has no income or has to compete with the wages the bulgarian truck driver gets , which is around half . 
  there is no way to make a living with such a salary .
