  but this has n't really stopped you from commenting , in the same way knowing absolutely nothing about women has not stopped you commenting on / r/theredpill . 
  so , when you actually get knowledgeable in even the most minute sense , we can then have a debate of equals , because this is not an equal debate , this is me speaking facts and you denying them . 
  i strongly suggest you pick up a history book and read about something before giving in to the incessant need to comment about it in future . 
  thanks . 
   funny , i do n't remember saying that it was . 
  we were discussing colonialism . 
  you brought up the muslim invasion of europe . 
  it is n't hard to see why i would assume that 's what you were inferring . 
  if you 're not saying it 's colonialism then i do n't see how it belongs in this conversation . 
   they were responsible for bringing the plague to europe . 
  but not responsible for colonialism . 
  which is what we are discussing . 
  disease is different to colonialism . 
   so numerous slave raids , land grabs , and centuries of foreign occupation were all just quaint settlements in our neighborhoods ? 
  are you saying that they did n't exploit us economically ? 
  i 'm saying it 's nothing compared to colonialism . 
  slavery was a two way street , christians sold captured muslims into slavery during the reconquista . 
  due to the fact those people had then been living there for a sum total of 700 years , would you call that economic exploitation , or just simply the spoils of war ? 
   how about those that exploited europe then ? 
  such as ? 
   the west already supplies most of these nations with food/monetary aid . 
  some countries i 'm sure , only remain solvent because of the aid we give . 
  where would you draw the line ? 
  actual foreign direct investment as opposed to simply handing over a few billion to a government as long as they tow your line , because make no mistake that aid money does n't go to all post-colonial states , just the ones that do what we like . 
   sorry to say , but africa south of the sahara has been a dump for the last 6000 years of recorded history . 
  it 's not the white man 's fault that they slaughter each other and commit mass indiscriminate rape . 
  not being able to read does n't cause someone to burn their neighbors alive . 
  you should pick up a history book sometime , it might fix that problem of yours . 
  you know , the blinding stupidity and all that . 
   what 's funny is the fact that they 're not . 
  they have benefited from their ancestors ' enslavement . 
  they enjoy the same rights as whites do , and they get a leg up in education and the job market through affirmative action . 
  they get to enjoy the conveniences of the western world while their relatives in africa have drastically lower living standards . 
  if i get stabbed and you take the knife out of me am i suddenly all better ? 
  because i 'm seeing a trend in your comments , and in general you 're just full of shit . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're willfully ignorant , a little racist , or just incredibly short sighted , but you can not seem to comprehend that there is such a thing as knock-on effects , lasting damage , or that once someone stops doing something that it does not mean they 're absolved of all responsibility . 
  do you think that the blacks have twice the unemployment simply because they 're lazy and like living off welfare ? 
  or maybe it 's because there 's fuck all educational investment in working class areas . 
   and ? 
  this exploitation is not endorsed by the european governments nor is the general population responsible for it . 
  if those nations want restitution , they should get it from the companies that exploited them . 
  and again , it is the leadership of these exploited places that allows it to happen in the first place . 
  um , if you knew jack shit about colonialism , africa , or the world and history in general , you 'd know this is blatantly false . 
  for example , it was the belgium army fighting in the congo on the behalf of corporate interests . 
  so , yes , the state does endorse this . 
   and we did allow them to govern themselves . 
  just because their standard of living fell post-colonialism does n't obligate us to let them all come to europe . 
  the relationship between the colonized and the colonials is like a home owner and a thief . 
  the thief has all of your shit but you still want him to get the fuck out of your house . 
  at the end of it all you have nothing left . 
  is it your fault ? 
   a nation is it 's people . 
  and these people have nothing to do with the sins of the past . 
  who 's really bearing the cost of making amends ? 
  it 's not `` nations '' . 
  it 's people . 
  a nation is an institution , not a person or group of people . 
  it 's a piece of land with a set border and a governing body that acts on policy , policies and laws often inherited from previous iterations of government . 
  when a person dies , all their good things disappear . 
  their good health , whatever , it 's gone . 
  a nation retains the good things from one government to another , from one generation to another . 
  the wealth they took went into the state and matters of the state , which the state benefited from and as such , successive generations of people living in that state benefit from that same exploitation . 
   it takes two to tango . 
  no one is making them accept such working conditions . 
  if someone is , it certainly is n't your average brit . 
  are you some sort of libertarian that believes everyone can quit a job and move on with their lives ? 
  furthermore , you 're clearly not familiar with the labour movements of the past century or so , some in which the us was very directly involved in crushing . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to say the current dynamic behind israel and its creation would be the same would it not be for the holocaust . 
  for sure the groundwork was laid for its foundation but it was the extremely large influx of european jews prior to and after the war that lead to the 1948 declaration that founded israel . 
  britain is ultimately responsible as palestine was its mandate but germany 's genocide was a contributor . 
   europe would have been better off without repeated muslim/arab invasions and slave raids . 
  europe would have been better off without the mongols and other assorted asian marauders pillaging . 
  but wait , the europeans did recover and we did n't have to immigrate in large numbers to the lands of former occupiers . 
  you are claiming that we picked clean all the resources in places we colonized but that 's not true at all . 
  the vast untapped resources of africa lay before them . 
  um , that was n't colonialism . 
  at all . 
  firstly , mongol `` rule '' in europe was mostly confined to raids and demanding tribute . 
  they did n't settle and they never went further west than hungary . 
  they were far too busy fighting themselves . 
  seondly , the muslims did not colonize iberia . 
  they migrated and settled in the region and created their own sultanates and caliphates . 
  there 's a distinct difference between conquering with migration , and colonialism where the only goal is to strip the region of resources useful to the overlord , regardless of the conditions of the native population . 
  the conflict between warring kingdoms of roughly equal capability in the medieval era is supremely different to the domination of less civilized nations later on . 
  thirdly , spain and portugal were major colonial powers and their strength can largely be derived from their exploitation of their colonial holdings . 
  so using them as a prime example is extremely misleading . 
   what exactly are they suffering from today that was caused by western colonization ? 
  is it anything like the black americans who claim to have ptsd as a result of slavery , which ended over 150 years ago ? 
  are you one of those americans that claims that blacks today are not suffering at all from the effects of past american discrimination ? 
  because you sound like one of those types . 
  there are very real , present problems left over from the colonization period of africa , which only * sort of * ended in 1980 , with continued european involvement in the affairs of african sovreignty thereafter . 
  so , your attitude of colonialism being some sort of distant , passed issue is not only incredibly ignorant , it 's trivializing and insulting to boot . 
  to make it simple for you , problems such as wanton corruption , abysmal education , wars , ethnic conflict , and wealth leaving the country are extremely present issues that are resultant of european colonialism , and american neocolonialism during the cold war . 
   even if what you claim is true , that just lays the blame on the ones who wanted europe out . 
  did they at any point think , `` hm , most of us ca n't even read . 
  maintaining advanced irrigation systems ( etc. ), 
  on our own probably is n't a good idea '' ? 
  there 's not `` even if '' about it , i am factually correct , your stance is factually incorrect . 
  pick up a history book . 
  on top of this , what you are saying is amount to victim blaming , it 's arrogant to the extreme to assume people should not want to govern themselves because their colonial overlords are handicapping them in their ability to do so , and this is directly contradictory to the right of self-determination as granted by the universal declaration of human rights .
