  however , being trained to do so i think is both great in terms of skills learned and also being equipped for the day you may actually join the military for real and fight for something you believe in . 
  so , i 'm in between both camps . 
  honest question ; if you know absolutely nothing about what you 're discussing , why comment ? 
  the us had missiles there prior to the crisis , which is why khruschev and castro thought they could get away with cuban missiles . 
  the under the table deal at the end was that the us would remove their missiles from turkey and the soviets theirs from cuba . 
  yes . 
  ukraine wont see eu accession as a possibility until next decade . 
  in its current state it absolutely will not have any chance of becoming a union state . 
  i can see it being fast tracked into nato . 
  and maybe one day that will be the case in reality . 
  because we 're in the * european * union . 
  you 're own your own , chubarov . 
  within the european union , among every member state . 
  i 'm european first and foremost . 
  open borders ? 
  that 's the natural state of things as far as i 'm concerned . 
  brain drain is a result of poor conditions in certain states of the european union , and those conditions need to be rectified * in * those states . 
  0 day old account ? 
  allegedly from catalunya ? 
  i 'm sure you 're legit . 
  have you ever been to australia ? 
  do you even read about it ? 
  or are you as moronically ignorant as you 're coming across as ? 
  because it 's not really feasible for them and crimean independence would n't make sense given that only 12 % of the population is n't aligned to either russia or ukraine . 
  because why would the western hemisphere fight world war iii over some baltic shit hole ? 
  estonia , lativa , who really cares about these people enough to go to war over it ? 
  maybe a few more sanctions will teach russia a lesson . 
  this is what people will be thinking . 
  nobody feels safe under their respective treaties because there is no strong unified stance against the russian federation . 
  the un is as effective as the league of nations - a `` paper tiger '' as mussolini called it - was assad thinking of the un when he shot his own people ? 
  was putin thinking of the un when he annexed crimea ? 
  you bet not , because as long as you 're a member of the unsc or a friend of one of the members , you are effectively untouchable by the united nations . 
  and then we get to the eu , a political union of disunity . 
  nobody agrees on anything , the cdsp has to been brought into action through a * unanimous vote * by every memberstate ( except denmark who are exempt from the whole thing ) , which is absolutely not going to happen . 
  so we can forget about the eu ever defending a memberstate because there is no such thing as a european military . 
  fuck , france is * building russia 's navy for them * . 
  and then we get nato , which is comprised of the united states all the way across the atlantic ocean , and then the rest of us in europe who have a military worth a shit or are n't even in nato to start with , and on top of all that , nato 's article 5 for common defense does n't even specify military action in response to a military attack on a nato member . 
  so , yeah , if i were those small little countries bordering russia , i would have reason to be afraid . 
  the czech republic is n't even in nato , nor is turkey in the eu . 
  i submitted this godawful news source because in light of what just happened in crimea , all i wanted to say is this : rinse & ** repeat ** . 
  and * that 's * ironic coming from a brit . 
  seems we 've come full circle , chaps . 
  i have an honest question . 
  if you know absolutely nothing about what you 're talking about , why comment ? 
  oh i did n't know * every * vote was rigged . 
  let me guess , you 're one of those people who does n't vote because `` one vote does n't make a difference '' . 
  stalin found a reason to do all sorts of horrible things to anyone . 
  a good example is the kulaks . 
  the kulaks were to the soviets as the jews were to the nazis . 
  the 1992 constitution gives crimea the right to secede ( as it gives them legislative power , aka can do whatever they want legally ) , and as the crimean government has already voted for secession ... 
  furthermore , the 1992 constitution allows them to have their own armed forces . 
  suddenly , these self-defense forces are a real thing and crimea can legally secede from ukraine . 
  how bout that ? 
  oh they learned , at least this time it is n't over 100 % !, 
  yeah , i did n't actually think anyone thought medvedev was n't a putin puppet . 
  i think we 'll have to agree to disagree on this one . 
  as for the uk leaving the eu , i have conflicting feelings . 
  ireland had been trying to join the eu ( then eec ) for a long time but was being veto 'd by france due to our ties to the uk . 
  nothing has really changed for us since then , we 're more reliant than ever on membership and if the uk left , we 'd just keep on trucking on . 
  as for what i think about the uk leaving in of itself , i think you 'd be shooting yourself in the foot with a shotgun . 
  yeah , i do n't like cameron or most uk politicians for that matter due to what * appears * to be rampant anti-eu rhetoric that comes out of there on the near-daily basis , but at the same time if we 're all agreeing on something the problems do n't get changed . 
  my problem with the dissent from the uk is that it 's not offering * real * solutions . 
  the primary solutions coming from the uk ( and other skeptics around europe ) are those primarily leading to the effective dismantlement or hamstringing of the eu , as opposed to offering solutions that would make an ( inevitable ) european integration an acceptable prospect ( compacting of the bureaucracy , redoing the houses of representatives and so on and so forth ) . 
  should the uk leave the eu they 'll simply be trading their `` lack '' of sovreignty under the union and transferring that same lack to the united states , because let 's face it , the uk is not a global power , and should the scottish referendum end up with independence , it 'll signal the end of them as a relevant regional power , too . 
  there 's no way they could go it alone . 
  the uk does not want to be isolationist . 
  it never works . 
  personally , i believe the uk will remain relevant only as long as it 's within the european union and manages to not let domestic politics screw over its credibility as a game changer in the union . 
  which is why we need a reform of the democracy within the eu , so we can move eu politics away from the national level and might get some of the necessary changes done , not a total butchering of the eu like cameron would like . 
  it 's the hills , it 's a huge deterrent to cycle if it 's in a hilly area , the fitness required is much more than say in the netherlands . 
  maybe they 'll treat them with some respect when they become a real country instead of some shit stain equivalent to the ass crack of ukraine and moldova . 
  no , i 'm irish . 
  country with the strictest gun laws in the western world . 
  it 's not sacred because it 's a law . 
  it 's sacred because it 's in their bill of rights . 
  regardless of that , it 's also just common sense once you get a full grip on the statistics and the context that they 're in . 
  ultimately firearms in the us save more people than they kill - not to mention there are several models different to the us in which there 's an extremely high rate of gun ownership - and i know guns being heavily restricted in my country has n't suddenly made them disappear . 
   as such they cling too rigidly to archaic ideas like their gun policies nothing archaic about the right to bear arms . 
  it 's quite progressive , if anything . 
  georgia sits on the council of europe . 
  if not geographically a part of europe , politically it is . 
  the problem with foreign companies owning major chains in your country is that the money * leaves * your country . 
  you get the foreign investments , and the jobs , but all of the profits that company gains from moving there leaves your country and goes to the company which will as likely spend it in poland as in portugal . 
  now , there 's benefits and there 's downsides , it really just depends on what side of the spectrum you 're sitting on . 
  as far as i 'm concerned it 's the job creation that matters . 
  it was my understanding that the georgians advanced on a russian position and shelled it with their tanks , which started the war between russia and georgia . 
  please , for the love of god , do n't do it . 
  there 's a difference between prior notice and a permit . 
  prior notice allows the government to reroute or plan for all disruptions , and actually communicate with the protesters . 
  requiring a permit for a protest is beyond fucked up and is totally undemocratic and in my eyes uncivilized . 
  winter/continuation wars . 
  in a country that switch sides in two wars . 
  got ta get dat chicken man, 
  given you lost last time , i 'd like to see finland try its luck swinging that one . 
  muslims . 
  because the time to protest a war is when you 're already fully committed and at war , right ? 
  everyone is surprised at how friendly americans are when they go over . 
  in civilized countries we do n't require permits to protest , only prior notice . 
  the same way the british could invade ireland . 
  troop presence being there historically does n't mean it 's not an invasion when the nature of the stay changes .
