  looks like it 's funded by the ecb, 
  it 's called a public service advertisement/announcement . 
  it 's to ensure people do n't think the money is counterfeit when new versions are produced . 
  it 's called a public service advertisement/announcement . 
  it 's to ensure people do n't think the money is counterfeit when new versions are produced . 
  i wish my piggybanks exchanged coins for notes . 
  i 'm not sure , to be quite honest with you . 
  maybe that song was so gay it 's the real reason behind the russian invasion ? 
  pls no, 
   out of curiosity . . what is the job market like for social workers and counselors ? 
  not that great , if you 're planning on working in the public sector , pretty much all social , education and health services have been severely cut and are underfunded . 
  i , like many people these days , have gone into the technical field . 
  cs degree . 
  got ta go where the jobs are . 
  in that regard ireland 's pretty good , the volume of * quality * science and engineering degrees here is something else altogether . 
  a square named after thatcher is like building a shrine to satan . 
  she 's probably one of the few peope where the 21-gun salute should 've been shooting the coffin , just to make sure . 
  that ca n't be legal . 
  right there with you from the emerald isle ... 
  the us is n't the un , it just does n't give a fuck about it when the un opposes it on foreign policy , and will use it when it supports us interests . 
  you 'd know all about that , 
  better give it to americans as well because they already have an internet killswitch . 
  it 's hardly a russian thing , just authoritarian governments as usual trying to control people . 
  i 'm just saying , a lot of people with the `` north korea '' comments etc, 
  the idea is that the eu uses its influence as a higher authority to stop these abuses . 
  great contribution !, 
  too bad that `` dae chamberlain '' is used in pretty much every single discussion about russia that is n't talking about how we should bomb russia and how evil russia is and how we should n't be jingoistic stone age morons in our approach to them . 
  people like you shit up this subreddit . 
  last time it happened was in 1992 , and it was supported by 74 % of the population in the region but was ruled as illegal . 
  seriously , fuck people like you . 
  all you do is spout stupid , thought-terminating-clich\u00e9s in order to stop any and all productive discussion . 
  this submission is fucking retarded and so are the people who upvoted it , a military exercise happening east of fucking ** korea ** is not relevant to europe in * any * way . 
  i 'm thinking it 's kievan rus ', 
  we already have an association agreement with them and they have applied for the european communities in the past . 
  this would also open up policy towards other non-european nations in the long run and break down the barriers for places like turkey in that regard . 
  ` straya would be [ bigger than that ] ( http://www.rob.co.uk/wp-filez/2007/06/australia_europe_overlay.jpg ) . 
  us here in ireland and uk are n't in the schengen . 
  we 're * special * islanders !, 
   reducing everything to ad hominem , -  you fucking shithead . 
  lol 'd, 
  did n't obama get this a few years ago ? 
  as a socialist myself , i got ta say i 'm very much on the fence about ubi , but i do lean in favour of it most of the time i think about it . 
  so hopefully more progress is made on it and , more importantly , i hope it leads to an improvement for the working class !, 
  i think it 's very much correct when you say basic income is ideologically neutral - even the early islamic caliphates managed to implement some form of universal living wage - so i think it 's one of the few progressive ideas that will be able to build up a large enough popular support base to get through into the upper spheres of political discourse . 
  the idea of basic income has been around for a long time , and there 's been tonnes of theorizing and research done on it , and it 's quite clear that many of its advocates are people who came to its support as a stance against wealth inequality , an attempt to improve social mobility and social security and things like that . 
  i guess my question is - for all of you - why did you settle on basic income as opposed to a more radical solution ( such as socialism/communism - not the crappy soviet kind ) ? 
  to understand the root reasons , you have to really look at some of the lessons of islam , and you can see that lesson in how muslims pray . 
  it 's brotherhood . 
  the act of being one . 
  muslims all pray at the same time , they all say the prayers in the same language , with the same voice , all pointing to the same thing , their hearts are meant to beat as one , their minds think as one , their souls , again , be as one . 
  you can see all of these things in something as simple as how muslims all pray . 
  and that forms a very strong bond . 
  one that simply can not be kept to one 's religious beliefs , but one that is almost metaphysical in nature , that one can not simply get rid of by moving to another country . 
  it transcends everything , and it 's such a strong cultural bond that even if you renounce your faith , you will still feel it . 
  i 've long since renounced islam and while i was typing this post i kept accidentally saying `` we '' instead of `` muslims '' or `` they '' . 
  it 's an identity stronger than simple religious belief , even if it 's not ethnic in nature , like it is with jews , it 's something altogether different . 
  do n't get me wrong , a lot of muslims do n't really feel that , it 's not a universal thing , and it does n't really translate across denominations for a myriad of reasons , but it is a notable thing , and many , many muslims * do * feel that way . 
  and when it comes to choosing to maintain that solidarity , that oneness and brotherhood , or to simply cut it out and become westernized and integrate entirely into western civilization , as myself and op have done , it 's like cutting off your arm , nearly . 
  there 's not really much to explain ; muslims are a distinct social grouping . 
  `` muslim '' is an identity , and it supplements `` egyptian '' - and vice versa . 
  this has been the situation for a long time , but it 's more obvious in immigrant communities where they 're largely alienated from greater society and will congregate into their most common social grouping ; muslim . 
  it 's not like us here in a largely secular society where religion has long been considered redundant as a cultural identity ; to disregard your identity as a muslim is essentially the same as rejecting a very , very large part of your culture , and who you are and where you come from in ways that are not religious at all . 
  i was fortunate that despite being an arab i group up in western secular society , so while i do experience racism i still do no suffer from that same alienation in regards to my muslim identity , because it never existed in the first place . 
  already has . 
  for a long , long time . 
  they have all the identification on their end . 
  like , every eligible voter can go in and just say their name , get crossed off the list and then it 's all good . 
  if you pretend to be me and then i go in later , i 'll have to prove i am who i am and then if i do that they discard the fraud vote and a police investigation is opened up . 
  all while the rest of the eu was essentially complicit in this reality in order to get as many countries to launch the euro as possible . 
  i would n't trust the shinners as far as i can throw 'em , but i 'd say the same and worse for all the other big parties . 
  i can see our gdp continuing to grow , but unless that comes with heavy investment back into health , education and social security - things all cut and left to rot after failed reforms - i refuse to acknowledge it as a recovery . 
  particularly with health and education . 
  can confirm ; turkey is great source : been there, 
  that pretty much covers most of the planet anyways !, 
  dublin 3rd place ? 
  sounds about right . 
  everyone that lives in scotland can vote . 
  there 's plenty of spin , trying to get irish people to think that we 're actually doing amazing . 
  we 're recovering , and there 's definitely a pick up in real terms from what i 'm seeing in my day to day life ( less closed down shops , more public works etc. 
  ) , but it is n't translating down to an increase in living standards or an improvement in spending power for the people . 
  but seriously , we really do need houses in dublin . 
  the military dictatorship in greece staged a military coup which overthrew the democratically elected government and tried to unify with cyprus . 
  turkey invaded to protect the turkish cypriots , using the treaty of guarantee signed in 1960 to legitimize the invasion . 
  from a legal standpoint , turkey 's invasion was entirely legitimate and greece was in the wrong . 
  of course , after the first ceasefire was called turkey only controlled 4 % of the island , so what happened to let it control so much today ? 
  well , the greek military dictatorship collapsed and turkey used the chance to invade further and after a second un ceasefire was called we see the division we have today . 
  the second invasion was far more brutal and it involved what is pretty much war crimes ; rape , ethnic cleansing and so on . 
  of course , the greek side was not innocent in this regard and committed war crimes as well . 
  the problem today here is two-fold ; both people on either side largely want a reunification . 
  the career politicians in turkey and in cyprus are preventing that from happening though because it puts them out of a job , essentially . 
  it 's a political thing . 
  it helps greek cyprus that the turkish republic of northern cyprus is not internationally recognized , so they have full legitimacy over the island of cyprus and turkey has no leg to really stand on . 
  the trnc is not viewed as its own independent state , it is internationally viewed as cypriot territory occupied by the turkish military illegitimately . 
  an assessment i would be inclined to agree with . 
  how is any of that relevant ? 
  no , seriously , how is any of that relevant at all ? 
  also , tatars = / = crimean tatars . 
  [ for centuries ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crimean_tatars ), 
   in addition , billions of people believe in existence of long bearded imaginary friends .
