  we 're all still independent member states with individual diplomatic relations with eachother . 
  because america does n't like americans getting tried in foreign courts . 
  they even have a policy of military intervention if an american were to ever end up in the hague - it 's called the `` the american service-members ' protection act '' or `` the hague invasion act '' . 
  america gives no fucks for crimes committed on foreign soil by their citizens . 
  not italian - but does it really matter ? 
  the americans wont extradite her anyways . 
  hah , an economic war is not something the customs union wants to do to us . 
  we 're russia 's biggest trading partner , however , the same can not be said for the eu in regards to russia . 
  if sellafield ever went into meltdown , well , of course the fucking uk would n't worry about it , all the radioactive materials just cross the irish sea and we have to deal with it . 
   implying that `` brain '' value is tied to higher education that 's exactly what it 's tied to . 
  brain drain does n't refer to intelligent people ; it refers to skilled and educated workers . 
  and leading on from that ;  and higher education saves you virtually always from being a welfare recipient . 
  if you 're a skilled and educated worker you will almost certainly not be on welfare for an extended period of time . 
  they can easily just make them illegals . 
  the letters are a warning . 
  no reason for protest , huh ? 
  lol, 
  same sex marriage is n't even uniform within the eu , do n't see why it would be part of an agreement . 
  i am the definition of tolerance , and proven to be so . 
  where 's the science ? 
  i 'm still waiting for it . 
  i have 2 gay friends btw . 
  both normal people who do n't define themselves by their sexuality , which is why i like them . 
  see , you 're the typical liberal moron who 's only way to argue is to strawman every statement , and it 's because your arguments have as little logical basis against even the most unfounded statements you 're arguing against . 
  i said i found homosexuality unsavory . 
  i said i thought it was a mental illness . 
  never did i say `` man those gay people are fucked up '' . 
  nope , that was all you . 
  do you fucking understand what the word `` tolerance '' means ? 
  you * clearly * did n't read a * single * thing i said you fucking moron . 
  i gave you a way out of looking a like a total fucktard , but here it is ; tolerance \u02c8t\u0252l ( \u0259 ) r ( \u0259 ) ns noun 1 . the ability or willingness to tolerate the existence of opinions or behaviour that one dislikes or disagrees with . 
   i have a problem with homosexuality . 
  i dislike it ... with that said , i would never discriminate against a homosexual and am strongly against any laws that take that stance . 
  i am the * definition * of tolerance . 
  all your insults ? 
  just direct them at yourself . 
  you 're ignorant , bigoted , aggressive , and just absolutely derogatory towards other people simply because they are * different * . 
  go look in the fucking mirror , asshole , because you do n't need to go on the internet to find a bigoted piece of shit . 
  you seem to feel this incessant need to pick a fucking fight just because you are absolutely insistent that you 're `` right '' . 
  you know what ? 
  maybe you * are * right , it still does n't change the fact you 're a gigantic asshole . 
  you have * issues * . 
  you know , seeing as i 'm so ignorant and bigoted , and you 're my superior in every possible , i should kindly ask you , massa , to provide some scientific sources that quantitativly * disprove * that idea that the source of homosexuality is not as a result of a mental abnormality that can be treated . 
  go , look that the fuck up , and get back to me . 
  because here 's a new flash , prick , i 've done my research and there is * no * study that says that . 
  nobody fucking knows where homosexuality comes from . 
  tell me , superior , why is pedophilia a mental disorder and homosexuality is n't ? 
  do we just label one and not the other because pedophilia is morally wrong and homosexuality is n't ? 
  the only difference is the matter of consent . 
  a child can not consent . 
  there 's your fucking difference . 
  both are aberrations in the normal human mental state , one is actively treated as a health issue and the other is not . 
  you have n't point out how wrong and stupid * anything * is . 
  all you did was insulted me repeatedly and then gave yourself a pat on the back . 
  you are a fucking loser with a superiority complex . 
  that is the reality we can all take away from this . 
  i forgive you for your stupidity . 
  it must be frustrating being a lesser human being in your own country , subject . 
  you 're fucking retarded . 
  i 'll forgive your absolute inability to comprehend what i 've said already which totally contradicts what you 're saying about me , because english is n't your first language . 
  i 'm going to grant you the benefit of the doubt because i can not believe your are that fucking stupid . 
  go reread my first two comments and then find where you went wrong . 
  for someone who 's telling me i get information from 15 year olds , it looks like you got yours from some fucking moron . 
  all i see is an inaccurate vomit of words that vaguely resemble the typical cretin with a superiority complex that gives the rest of europe a bad name, 
  you are the problem with liberalism . 
  people like you are why so many think progressives are self-righteous dickheads with a superiority complex . 
  and the most hilarious part to this is that after you make your comment , laced with insults of the derogatory nature you have the audacity to tell me i 'm the one trying to impose my views and that i 'm the one that ca n't accept the fact not everyone is like me . 
  typical hypocrisy from people like you . 
  i bet you 're and armchair atheist who ca n't accept religious people , too , eh ? 
  we have to be pragmatic here ; the protests have evolved into something very important - the preservation of democracy . 
  but they are fundamentally still charged by the same feud ; east vs. west the ukraine is a major symbol for * everybody * . 
  the eu , the russians , and the ukrainians themselves . 
  it is the definitive border between the federation and the union , and bringing it within the sphere of influence of one or the other will be an important factor in future eu politics . 
  as the status quo stands , there is no viable solution . 
  a suppression of euromaidan will worsen the problems , and giving in will worsen the problems . 
  the only way this can be solved is through ; 1 . 
  regime change 2 . 
  the union actually getting invested into the country economically and demonstrating that we are better than the russians 3 . 
  a joint , collaborative effort between the federation and the union to facilitate a midway between both economic agreements . 
  a compromise , if you will , where ukraine gets best of both worlds . 
  this wont happen , as the whole point of having a country within your sphere of influences it 's that it 's *** your *** influence . 
  then there 's of course the far off prospect of partitioning ukraine to facilitate the fundamental differences in national identification and politics . 
  i think you 're doing a small bit of stereotyping there . 
  i have a problem with homosexuality . 
  i dislike it . 
  i think it 's fundamentally an unsavory behavior and is simply a mental illness for which we have not found a direct cause or proper solution to yet , similar to many mental illnesses in the past . 
  socially speaking , flamboyant homosexuals do not do the lgbt community any favours . 
  with that said , i would never discriminate against a homosexual and am strongly against any laws that take that stance . 
  and for the record , i 'm not religious , i 'm agnostic . 
  my b. i usually get that right . 
  fixed !, 
  to give an extreme example ; murder is illegal , but anyone who * really * wants to do it will find a way . 
  so , yeah , while the enforcement of the law is n't practical , the spirit and intent of existence is important . 
  they 're ethnic russian and pro-russia, 
  so freedom of speech is speech that is not subject to government interference except for the laws the government puts in place to interfere with freedom of speech ? 
  that makes no sense as a definition . 
  this strongly depends on what classifies as hate speech . 
  `` i think hitler had the right idea in a lot of areas , his laws against the jews are something i take inspiration from '' - political statement ? 
  hate speech ? 
  both ?
