  it has specific behavioural patterns . 
  your same argument could be made for combating climate change , but yet capitalism has proven to be an utter , unmitigated disaster for it to do so . 
  why ? 
  because a dying planet is more profitable than an enviornmentally sustainable society . 
  oil and gas companies can afford to buy out green energy , and cease development , they can lobby governments to cancel subsidies and so on and so forth . 
  if the market was in any way useful at fixing serious , expensive problems , climate change would not be an issue . 
  so it will be with serious , expensive problems like water scarcity . 
  people will more money , have more influence , and will undermine threats to their profit margin . 
  capitalism 's answer to * everything * is commodification on the market . 
  for example , carbon subsidies - if you cut your carbon emissions you got lots of money . 
  seems to make sense , right ? 
  wrong . 
  indian and chinese companies started to produce a huge excess in emissions for no reason , and then cut them so they 'd receive the grants . 
  carbon credits ? 
  if germany needs credits for all its pollution , it just buys them from denmark . 
  however , this is seen as a positive in capitalism because it opens up a new market ( in the buying and selling of carbon emissions ) . 
  now onto the main point . 
  in order to solve a water scarcity crisis in the long term , we need advancement in desalinisation technology . 
  in order to do that , we need a market that either operates in a vacuum free from external interference from competitors ( nonexistent ) , a huge number of philanthropists who will invest on principle and not for profit ( goes against the logic of capitalism ) , or massive government investment because private investors do not consider it profitable due to its inherent risk as a pioneer technology , or because those that do invest sell out quickly . 
  at this point , the level of government investment is entirely at the mercy of policy , which is in turn influenced almost exclusively by wealthy lobbyists . 
  just in the same way governments have n't viciously attacked enviornmental damage caused by multibillion dollar/euro companies , they will not tackle the water scarcity problem in a way that is not profitable for their lobbyists . 
  ultimately , market economics , and by extension , capitalism , is laughably bad at solving any crisis issues . 
  it 's great at making money off them , though . 
  the current economic crisis we 've been experiencing since ~ 2008 should be more than enough to tell people that , everyone else has gotten poorer yet the rich have literally gotten richer . 
  an economic model based entirely on profit motive and vicious competition will never solve problems that are not profitable to solve . 
  not really , no . 
  it 's far more profitable for there to be water scarcity than to make an affordable technology capable large scale desalinization . 
  there are already methods of desalinization , they 're just incredibly expensive . 
  the market does n't want to invest because it 's a long term investment and as such the return is n't quick or risk-free . 
  the only way we 'll ever have progress in the field on the basis of capitalism is large , expansive , and expensive government investment , the benefits of which will then be hawked off the private companies . 
  like pretty much the majority of every major piece of tech that gets invented . 
   sure we do . 
  we can threaten to re-nationalize if it 's that big a political hot potato . 
  which is a magnitude harder than just upgrading an already publicly owned service . 
  not only would you have to buy it ( unless you want to violate the european treaties and just expropriate it ) , you 'd have to also upgrade it . 
  for big industries that 's simply not economically viable much of the time . 
   or we can bail them out . 
  which is just such an unfair and inequal solution . 
  privatise the wealth but nationalise the illth . 
  if we did n't have economies that functioned on profit motive , that might be a possibility yes . 
  but given we live in a capitalist system , the idea of water scarcity gets private interests wet ( pun intended ) . 
  the difference being that when the issues with the nationalised service become a problem , the population has some say in fixing it . 
  when private services become a problem , the population has no say in fixing it . 
  like all essential services that get privatised by thatcherite governments , the funding is cut and withdrawn from public services years in advance , or are never given in the first place . 
  except from the soviet viewpoint the polish government was dissolved and as such it was n't an invasion . 
  you 're using the same logic - nato did n't recognise the taliban government , nor did the soviets recognise the polish one . 
  this is reinforced by the fact that the league of nations did n't sanction the ussr for the invasion of poland , but did for the invasion of finland . 
  right , because it 's somehow dramatically different when the individual members of nato collectively do something outside the official framework of nato . 
  this is pure semantics and you know it . 
  nato is made up of its constituent member states . 
  if its constituent member states act together in an aggressive manner , this * de facto * reflects back onto nato as a whole . 
  with this simple fact , and historical precedent , it 's fairly obvious that the nato claim that it is `` defensive '' is just to fool gullible people who do n't want to critically view the situation and like t view the world as good vs bad . 
  so you agree the soviet union did not invade poland in 1939 ? 
  unless it 's a country we do n't like . 
  then it 's evil . 
   it should represent the population . 
  then i have to ask you why you support a system which does n't represent the population ? 
  the cop-out answer any time someone complains about our broken system is `` run yourself and fix it '' , but that 's one of the reasons why the system is broken in the first place ... 
  in order to run for an election in a serious capacity , i need money . 
  money for election materials and resources . 
  money to hire people full time for my party organisation . 
  money for a tonne of other things . 
  then i need media attention so people know i exist - all media is privately owned so there 's no way i 'm getting a fair shake if i 'm running on a platform they do n't like . 
  so i 'm confined to voting for the pre-existing , funded parties . 
  the small parties that managed to get up and running still do n't grab mine or many other people 's attention for the reasons mentioned above , and of course the result is ultimately for status quo . 
  often because people are n't aware of who else is running or what their platforms are , because they did n't have the money for a proper campaign , or the media coverage . 
  this is why we 've spent our entire statehood swinging between the two major , established parties . 
  and then we have issues like the water charges , say whatever you want about then but it 's fairly clear that the majority oppose them , yet have absolutely no say in the matter of their imposition . 
  on top of this , our ruling government has no majority mandate . 
  if we lived in a democratic society that represented the population , things like water charges would have been dropped long ago . 
  so i must ask again , it 's demonstrable that our `` democracy '' works in favour of the rich almost exclusively . 
  does that sound like a fair system to you ? 
  does that sound like it 'll ever actually be representative of the people ? 
  does n't sound like it to me . 
  the only major difference between ourselves and places like russia is that here , money is the barrier , in russia , it 's your relationship with the state . 
   you 're a trotskyite . 
  anyone can look through your post history , so are you really going to try denying that ? 
  but that 's not the subject of this conversation . 
  i 'm not saying anything about one party states . 
  that 's all you . 
  do you or do you not think the point of democracy is to represent the population ? 
  if you want to call democracy for the rich , democracy , then yes i am `` undermining '' `` democracy '' . 
  i would call dismantling our system and replacing it with a better one , enhancing democracy , but whatever . 
  it would be like chavez all over again . 
  so voicing my opinion is undermining democracy ? 
  sounds like a shitty democracy . 
  commenting on reddit , literally undermining democracy . 
  got it . 
  dear god , are you always this defensive about everything ? 
  no , in a systemic fashion there 's no real difference when it comes to `` democracy '' . 
  russia and ireland are n't much different , except in the extremity of the issue . 
  that does n't mean they 're identical , you 're the one that said that . 
  does n't make russia much different to anywhere else . 
  same deal , different tools . 
  only the wealthy can run serious campaigns for us , and only those connected to the state can run for theirs ... and here comes the `` russia is evullll and we do n't like discussion in a discussion forum '' downvote brigade . 
  i 'd join a separatist movement . 
  do you even know how guns work ? 
  it 's not a fucking video game where you have your fucking crosshair and it goes where you point with no mistakes and everything happens as intended . 
  which war did bulgaria gain that meter or so of road in ? 
  you can just tell you 're an american .
