  quite a few do , it depends on how far you want to take it . 
  communism and socialism are intrinsically tied in with may day , and like it or not those two are relic 's of old communism and will be paraded as such by old communists . 
  hell , even in the western world , ch\u00e9 guevara is romanticized as a true people 's revolutionary , and he was not a good person . 
  tl ; dr let people have their symbolism, 
  dae think america is the epitome of freedom and democracy and communism = axis of evil ? 
  1st may is international worker 's day , essentially a communist/socialist holiday that 's been celebrated globally for a lonnnng time . 
  it is n't surprising to see ussr symbolism come out of the woodwork today of all days in the year . 
  why are you against freedom of speech , freedom of expression and freedom of assembly ? 
  for someone so adamant that the ussr is the root of all evil , you seem to want to enact a harsh repression on those of differing ideologies . 
  the kingdom of navarra was basque and covers most of basque country . 
  otherwise known as may day !, 
  / r/socialism , if you 're interested . 
  shadowbanned user ? 
  on topic , that 's fucking sad and hilarious at the same time . 
  sad that those people exist , hilarious someone thought it was worth arresting him over , and sad again that they can actually * get * arrested over it . 
  why should i ? 
  you and anyone that agrees with you is already a piece of shit that has their ( shit ) opinions engraved so deeply into the ( shit ) mentality that neither you or them are worth the time trying to talk to in order to convince you of anything . 
  i 've already had this argument dozens of times before and every time i 'm right . 
  you , and people like you , are nothing more than scaremongers , racists , and just general pieces of shit , and the world does n't need me to explain to you in a point by point manner just how much of a stupid fuck you are in order to keep spinning , because more muslims are going to keep coming here , more people are going to think you and that stupid fuck humphrey are retarded , and your views will never , ever , ever be validated , ever . 
  so , no , i will not point out a single thing , i 'm sure you 'll figure it out when you grow up . 
  that 's why i 'm not going to bother . 
  there 's too many idiots in the world to deal with them all , all i can say is i 'm thankful he 's an extreme minority here . 
  indeed , i like debates but they need to be far more structured and focused . 
  a european presidential debate in of itself does not do anything . 
  a european presidential debate on immigration ? 
  how about one on austerity ? 
  or various other topics . 
  focus the debates . 
  leader of sinn f\u00e9in ? 
  that is a position of power . 
  i spend most of my time in dublin and i 'm extremely familiar with the muslim population there . 
  the only one i know that went off to `` fight '' anywhere was when he tricked the newspapers into thinking he went to fight in libya , and another who was over in syria with the red cross and got shot . 
  there is absolutely no problems with islamic integration into our country and it is ignorant to suggest otherwise . 
  and i suppose it 's such a terrible thing for an egyptian to go back to egypt and be politically involved , too ? 
  and i ca n't believe you 're referencing the markhumphry 's site , it 's the most islamaphobic , racist , bigoted , insulting website i 've ever seen on the internet in relation to ireland . 
  seriously if that 's the shit you 're believing you can go fuck yourself . 
  except for the part where hitler sent priests to camps , started his own church , and stated repeatedly that it was a weak institution that he 'd love to destroy , he was an absolute catholic !, 
  probably because when you send a few dozen poorly equipped , demoralized men who are n't being told what their objectives are and they 're surrounded by hundreds of people calling for them to disarm , that 's what happens . 
  if you 're going to use the military against this kind of thing you have to make them believe what they 're doing is good , and you have to send them with enough force so that they do n't get intimidated . 
  til from an american that i am the real threat to europe . 
  the human population is also far , far larger than any other time in the planet 's history . 
  moldova is poor as shit and adding it to romania will bankrupt the both of them . 
  it 's got nothing of value to speak of , it 's the poorest country in europe , and it 's got a smaller gdp than a shit tonne of africa . 
  it 's one of the view countries that benefited from soviet policies and got shafted in the worst way possible post-fall . 
  i do n't ever see them reunifying for those reasons alone . 
  if the eu continues federalizing , there wont be much point anyways . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ogbydbkwxzq http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gerry_adams#allegations_of_ira_membership_and_activities, 
  european federalization as we know it , uk leaving eu , rest of europe joining 2 . 
  decentralization of eu , turning us into a mostly economic union 3 . 
  grass roots opposition to eu federalization , apparently social media takes over professional life , and people oppose government involvement in their lives in general 4 . 
  grass roots opposition to eu , social media takes over politics and we use something called `` virtual direct democracy '' where we apparently like shit on facebook to state out political opinions, 
  an even better question ; how did northern ireland stay ? 
  like for yes vote pass if you love satan, 
  hah , `` i was never involved in the ira '' my fucking ass !, 
  i hope they nail the bastard . 
  depends on how extreme you want to interpret it . 
  the general rule of thumb i 've always known is that if there 's no halal available just eat what is available . 
  some will interpret that to eat nothing until you have no choice , or to only eat non-meat products , or to just simply eat `` regular '' food . 
  it depends on the person and how they want to handle it . 
  yeah , probably . 
  it 's not like islam does n't have provisions for when there 's no halal around ( you 're expressly permitted to eat non-halal if there 's no halal available ) . 
  i reckon this is done more to compete in places like dublin city which is where most of the muslim population is concentrated in ireland , so that cheaper , more local brands do n't out-compete them for the muslim customers . 
  banning pork is ridiculous though . 
  why ca n't they change their production method ? 
   when you get something in between your ears that begins to resemble vaguely a standard human brain , i may consider your intelligent enough to talk to . 
  until then , i redirect sicks fucks like you [ here ] ( http://www.stormfront.org/forum/ ), 
  meh , not much difference between the two as far as i can tell . 
  halal tastes a little nicer imo , though it tends to cost more - depending what type of place you buy it from . 
  i do n't blame places for selling * only * halal , it 's simply more efficient . 
  they just want to buy their meat in bulk from the same place , it 's not like non-muslims ca n't eat halal , and so long as its been bled humanely ( as humane as animal slaughter itself is ) it should n't be an issue . 
  that phrase is also in english, 
  in direct contrbution vs. subsidies yes , but that 's not factoring in the additional benefits ( i.e. 
  trade union ) . 
  you 're not wrong in what you 're saying , but let 's not pretend a lot of anti-eu sentiment has n't been stirred up by fear mongering and playing off people 's inherent fear/dislike of the foreign . 
  because cameron is the quintessential politician . 
  he 's lying through his teeth in an extremely predictable and typical manner . 
  i do n't need some piece of shit racist telling me how foreigners are treated in my country when they probably have n't been here a year in their life . 
  when you get something in between your ears that begins to resemble vaguely a standard human brain , i may consider your intelligent enough to talk to . 
  until then , i redirect sicks fucks like you [ here ] ( http://www.stormfront.org/forum/ ), 
  what is this fucking meme ultranationalists keep spouting ? 
  whatever 's on the go at the end of the day . 
  if there 's no couch and i only had a single bed , i 'd put myself on the floor and let them have the bed , but if it was a double bed i 'd share . 
  so doctors are literally slaves ? 
   it perfectly demonstrates the sheer heartlessness of arab immigration policy . ), 
  which is exactly the kind of thing we should avoid at all costs, 
  `` the hospital did n't shoot people , do n't blame them for turning back the victims ! '', 
  you 're in the wrong sub if you want to talk about treating foreigners with humanity . 
  dae think america is axis of evil ? 
  way to ignore half my comment . 
  is it because you have no response ? 
   it 's frightening how much you 've lost touch with reality . 
  a generalization like that is on an otherworldly level . 
  so you think a dozen people holding more wealth than 3 billion is good ? 
  you think widening inequality is good ? 
  you think exploitation of people is good ? 
  because that 's what capitalism is . 
  greed , driven by the incessant need to perpetually increase profit margins . 
   tell me how the capitalist economic model requires any of that . 
  colonialism is a byproduct of capitalsim , where states invaded and subjugated weaker states in order to exploit them for wealth . 
  but that 's not what we were talking about .
