  if you want to be realistic and accept human realities , you will see that , yes , there is an execution of war that is , in relation to current human progress , civilized . 
  the right to self determination does not endorse forceful annexation of regions due to ethnic similarities . 
  what does their ethnicity matters ? 
  you 're saying someone 's parents matter more than their legal status ? 
  there was never a signed agreement and one side denies it 's entire existence . 
  by the way , you still own me about 200 $ . 
  just like we agreed on , right ? 
  do n't do it merkel , germany will suffer economic and social collapse !!!, 
  we also do exercises and exchange troops with the finnish . 
  a lot of people do that . 
  for example , people refer to eu as brussels or russia as the kremlin etc. 
  i do n't think he specifically is viewed too negatively . 
  compared to the last conqueror that came here , some 20-30 years earlier , he was pretty gentle , and he did fight for some religious freedoms in the united kingdom , though he did n't do it for catholics . 
  but essentially , when he took the throne of the uk , he displaced the catholic king james ii . 
  so , us being catholics , we rose in rebellion . 
  needless to say , we lost . 
  some of the most important battles and sieges in irish history occurred in our war with william of orange - which is how we know him . 
  we do n't know any other william of orange here . 
  the williamite-jacobite war , as we call it , was essentially the irish rebellion against william in order to put king james ii back on the throne in order to preserve the rights of catholics . 
  the main forces on the williamite side were dutch , scottish and english , and the jacobite side was french and irish ( as per usual , when it comes to irish rebellions ) . 
  after the battle of the boyne , james ii fled to france . 
  this pretty much backstabbed the irish lords , so we basically got consistently defeated after that point , but nearly won the whole thing at aughrim until the french general , st ruth , died in battle . 
  more relevant to your question , perhaps , is that william 's victory lead to to the creation of various organizations such as the apprentice boys , whos existence lead to the [ battle of the bogside ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdnkudlwjle ) , which got so bad the republic drew up an invasion plan called [ operation armageddon ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/exercise_armageddon ) . 
  then there was the even more infamous orange order , which still causes problems to this day . 
  william himself is used by loyalists as a hero-figure that protected the protestants from catholic tyranny . 
  in the republic , most people who know about him do n't really care either way and just accept it as the past , though in the north and border regions people become a little more serious about it . 
  we 're like the most obese country in europe , man . 
  as a formerly morbidly obese man , i disagree that it is n't our fault . 
  it 's an addiction , i agree . 
  but it is absolutely our fault that we let it get to that stage and that we put on so much weight . 
  i personally do n't believe in validating obese people 's self-pitying idea that their weight is uncontrollable , or that it is n't really their fault because obesity is a disability etc. 
  this condition should be treated like alcoholism or any other drug addiction condition . 
  the reality is that obesity lowers your life expectancy , and leaves you open to all sorts of medical problems that are likely to kill you as sure as od ` ing on cocaine will . 
  that number is so extremely low as to be negligible against the rest of the fat population, 
  yup , i got it when i submitted a google docs survey , which mods do n't allow . 
  i think that not just fetches everything that gets deleted and does that, 
  there are too many williams of orange, 
  / r/islamunveiled just going to leave that here . 
  created & modded by the one and only fascist , wildly racist , ramblinrambo . 
  i 'm happy with either outcome . 
  it 's a referendum , the will of the people will be followed one way or the other . 
  of course , i 'm one for supporting independence movements . 
  i also want to see catalonian and basque independence and the same for anyone else with enough popular traction . 
  but at the end of the day , if the people vote no , i support that more than anything . 
  democracy !, 
  the waffles i understand , but cutting off hands is supposed to be a national pastime , dammit !, 
  well he was king of england , scotland , and ireland . 
  william william wat r u doin william stahp - irish rebels , 1690, 
  no such thing . 
  the votes in the european elections have normalized for some that it is ok to hold xenophobic and racist views . 
  mix that in with the `` i 'm not racist by x race is y stereotype '' people , and it 's not surprising . 
  nope . 
  that 's not the same thing at all and that 's a huge strawman argument . 
  if the british government does not represent the interests of the british people , then stating as such is an admission of failed democracy and illegitimate governance . 
  the schengen has been around for decades . 
  unlike the banking crisis , in which a government was elected long before it happened , the british population have had a long , long time in which to put in place a government that supported open borders . 
  in the same vein , they 've had a long , long time in which to vote in a government that would support open borders . 
  they have not , and as such the population of the uk does not support the open border policy . 
  representative democracy in action . 
  i highly doubt today 's children have read harry potter . 
  that 's definitely not true . 
  everybody says their twitter got `` hacked '' when they fuck up . 
  it 's like being shitty at shooter games and then blaming it on `` lag '' . 
  bad argument . 
  your government is . 
  your government represents you . 
  you vote in your government . 
  and i have a right to tell you to go fuck yourself , but if i did it i 'd still be an asshole . 
  that 's because it 's such a moronically fucked up idea there should n't be a need for an argument . 
  great show , great fucking show . 
  oh , looks like the highest authority on the matter has made a decision . 
   i would only support sterilization for very low intelligence looks like we have our first volunteer . 
  we 've not changed . 
  most countries still enact this policy and many do n't even recognize any other gender than male/female . 
  colonization and neocolonialism are still obviously very major issues , but are not the subject of this thread . 
  canada is * barely * bigger than the us in surface area . 
  dae think americans are oppressed ? 
  i 'll have you know ireland is the most tolerant country on the planet . 
  people always point to sweden when making arguments , it 's a giant `` appeal to authority '' fallacy - `` sweden does this , it must be a good idea '', 
  we medieval europe now . 
  right there with you , the so-called communists and socialists both in ukraine and its contested regions are not furthering the cause of the workers and that of the people at all , and are in fact subverting peace and aiding in the creation of a war scenario , which is only going to lead to more unnecessary deaths of the workers and people of both russia and ukraine . 
  there 's actually a new insurgent movement calling itself the red army . 
  i 've yet to hear about them doing anything at all , but they * claim * they exist . 
   they 're brothers to the russian people and you wo n't get russia to think otherwise . 
  well there 's just a teeny bit of fratricide going on right now . 
   i ca n't come up with many faults in liberal democracy . 
  it depends on your point of view , and there 's a lot of take into account . 
  i think the problem is more the flaws of representative democracy . 
  the whole idea is that we elect an educated set of people to represent out interests . 
  more often than not , you get people who are uneducated in policy and only campaign on rhetoric or capitalize on the ignorance of people . 
  essentially , instead of compensating for the weaknesses of direct democracy , it exacerbates them then puts the power in the hands of a few people who do not have the general population 's best interests at heart , or who will not do what they have campaigned to do , or will flip flop on issues . 
  capitalism is indeed a very major part of this problem , and i personally find it hard to criticize one without the other . 
  but it is an inherent problem within the system as well ; when the whole game is rigged so that all the candidates only have an interest in getting into power , and all the candidates flip-flop , and all the candidates just focus on campaigning and finding a way to win the next election , there 's no real viable alternative and you end up in an essentially oligarchic system . 
  yeah , you get to change the oligarchs every few years , but nothing really changes . 
  in a recent talk , chomsky actually said europe was * worse * than the us in this regard , stating that no matter who we 've elected in the past several decades , each successive government has done the same as the last one . 
  so , i think there 's a fair bit to criticize about it , but it 's not a system without good ideas , and i think it 'll talk a new form of representative democracy in which the population plays a much more direct part for things to work properly . 
  rome was a republic . 
  the ussr was a soviet socialist *** republic *** check mate , commies . 
  sorry for being evil , guys , i just want what 's best for everybody . 
  syriza move more to the center to make itself look more docile .
