  the venn diagram between `` those who do n't like migrants from africa '' and `` those who are racist '' on this sub is probably somewhere around 90 % . 
  intraeuropean immigration is not an issue to these people , just african immigration . 
  i 'd rather be on my high horse than someone who condones mass murder and a racist or bigot . 
  it 's hilarious that people think it 's easy to get to the mediterranean to start with . 
  no , it is n't . 
  people die on the way * all the time * . 
  there 's this massive thing in between the source of most of the migrants and the north african coast called the sahara desert , which all of them have to cross to get here . 
  this is n't going to be any deterrent to people who want to get to europe at all , it 's just going to needlessly kill them . 
  you 're right . 
  i vote to close down all hospitals . 
  that 's because they 're racists . 
  racists do n't seem like terrible pieces of shit until they start talking about a race of people they 've never met before in their life . 
  but we gave them * infrastructure *, 
  you do n't know what the word `` complicit '' means . 
  what , you think it 's easy to cross the sahara ? 
  more people die on the way to the mediterranean than die crossing it . 
  it wont deter anyone , just kill people . 
   how ? 
  you produce soap , how is the wealth going back to you ? 
  and you work in a soap factory and wealth is going back to you , what about the lazy person who does n't work in a factory ? 
  think of it this way . 
  i make 50 % of the soap , you make 50 % of the soap , you sell it then we split the wealth 50-50 . 
  and if a person chooses not to work , well , then , they do n't get anything . 
   or how about the factory workers that do n't pull their weight , or how about the ones that excel , do they get more value from what they do ? 
  yeah , sure . 
  if people are n't going to work hard then they 're not going to be rewarded in the same way that people who work hard are . 
  conversely , if someone is doing more work than everybody else , they 'll get more out of it because they 're producing more , and if they 're producing more that means they 're producing more wealth , and seeing as people keep the wealth that they produce , then they ultimately get more by working more . 
   but most importantly , who is going to decide how many soap factories are going to operate , and how many soaps are they going to produce and what kind ? 
  that depends on who you 're asking . 
  in a planned economy it could be a central government , or it could be a group of communities working together to cooperate . 
  so if you decide that you want to make guns , you can talk to me and say `` hey , would n't it be a great idea if you made ammunition ? '', 
  in a socialist market-economy ( market socialism is a thing ) it 's very similar to how it 's already done . 
  while i 'm not pro-market myself , there 's a very significant amount of socialists who would accept a market economy under a socialist mode of production . 
  it is not a war , it is an occupation . 
  their struggle is one seen under law as a struggle for self-determination , in which the use of force is considered `` not illegal '' . 
  it is n't a war , it 's a suppression of self-determination by israel on the palestinian people - which is seen as illegal - and the palestinian people , through hamas and other organizations , fighting for self-determination , which is legal . 
  the indiscriminate rocket attacks , while some would argue are morally wrong and worthy of condemnation - and i would challenge this stance as a point of logical inconsistency if that person does not also thoroughly condemn the settlement process and blockade as well as the beyond-count war crimes of the idf - are not illegal under international law as the use of violence in the pursuit of self-determination is considered valid . 
  in short , so long as the occupation of palestine continues - an illegal occupation , using the precedent of the icj ruling on the s.afirca occupation of namibia - then any retaliatory actions by armed militant groups is not illegal under international law . 
  should the occupation end and the rocket attacks continue , then we are looking at a different legal situation and as such we can then form judgement and respond accordingly . 
  really , there 's no point unless the eu has a unified military . 
   freedom , freedom to charge for my time and effort . 
  of course , but , assuming we 're discussing socialism or communism , the whole point of those systems is that there is no need to charge for your efforts because you benefit directly from those actions . 
  for example if we 're discussing a socialist society , the wealth that you produce with your labour goes directly back to you , and as such there 's no need for you to be paid anything at all ( as any wages you are paid are less than the value of the wealth you produce because the enterprise still needs to maintain profit ) . 
  if we 're discussing communism , well , the vision of communists is a free society in which labour would no longer be bought and sold as a commodity and that it would be given by everybody for the benefit of everybody in order to `` exercise our own humanity '' . 
   freedom to accumulate , distribute and exchange the product on my time and effort as i wish . 
  the accumulation of capital , distribution and exchange of products produced by workers , are not anything that you are in charge of unless you own the enterprise . 
  the vast majority of people go to work , do what they 're told , and all the decision making on what to do with the product is ultimately made by the ceo/board of directors and shareholders , not the guy who made the product in the first place . 
  in regards to working your way up to the top to become the owner of a business yourself , and the freedom to do so , those cases are extremely rare . 
  people are almost always confined to their economic class throughout their entire life - about 30 % of the forbes 400 has inherited its wealth entirely , and 50 % inherited part of it and used it to make themselves wealthier . 
  and even if you did make your way to the top , everyone else did n't . 
  while it 's all better for you , the systemic problems remain for everybody else . 
  now , i 'm not advocating for any particular system , but there are very clear problems with capitalism such as the fundamental inequalities , the systemic contradictions and the inability of people to have a direct say in what is done with their labour and lack of input into decisions that directly effect them . 
  these are big things that a free market system is not going to solve , and we need to break down the issue , analyze the problems and then come up with ways how to fix them . 
  i just do n't see fixing these problems to be possible while maintaining a capitalist system - as we know it , at least . 
  well yeah , [ we can do better than capitalism ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jni7cfibkbc ) , it 's just a matter of what that `` better '' thing is and how it 's achieved . 
  the reality is however is that we do n't have all that much time and that the powers that be are n't interested in reforming the system . 
  since the last economic crisis - the worst since the great depression and the only one in the past 200 years that has n't resulted in continent wide rebellion and insurrection - there has n't been a single major economic reform in any country anywhere , yet alone on the level of international cooperation that 's * required * to make this system even remotely sustainable . 
  why ? 
  let 's not even assume communism is the alternative ( because frankly anyone who 's observing the world right now knows that the biggest threat to capitalism is not the traditional leftist movements ) ; what is so good about capitalism that it must be preserved at all costs ? 
  is it without flaws ? 
  you know , you 'd * almost * be onto something if you did n't go with such absurd bullshit to base your arguments off of . 
  yeah i 've read it . 
  it references the protocols of the elders of zion , which is a patently ridiculous conspiracy theory . 
  it also refers to them as nazis . 
  but the only contentious point about it in reality is its refusal to recognize israel * at all * , and despite its antisemitism it never once explicitly advocates genocide or elimination of the jews as a race , rather it refers to a struggle against `` jews '' . 
  it a ` int right , but let 's not exaggerate for effect here , the thing is bad enough on its own . 
  i do n't put stock in hamas 's charter either for the real intents of the organization itself and definitely not as a pulse of the thoughts and ideals of the palestinian population . 
  however , the focus on the hamas charter is a conversation of deflection intended to make people kind of forget that hamas has , in fact , published more than one document or statement in the past 25 years . 
  allow me to quote hamas in the following statements ; '' [ the charter ] should not be regarded as the fundamental ideological frame of reference from which the movement takes its positions , or the basis on which it justifies its actions . '', 
  - khaled mashal `` it goes without saying that the articles of the charter are not sacred ... they are subject to review and revision . '', 
  - ibrahim ghoshesh `` we do not wish to throw them [ jews ] into the sea . '', 
  - ismail haniyeh keep in mind that this very same charter did not go through internal consultation processes with the hamas membership and was n't internally agreed upon , it just * was * . 
  also keep in mind that in the period since 2006 ( hamas 's victory in internationally monitored elections ) it has not attempted to enact any of its policies outlined in the charter . 
  i think it 's fairly safe to say that they themselves have no interest in enacting them . 
  keep in mind that as recently as 2006 , hamas has offered a self-renewing 10 year * hudna * , which is an islamic conceptualization of a ceasefire during which time both sides are contract bound to reach permanent peace deal . 
  also keep in mind that hamas has made commitments that should a referendum by the palestinian people approve of any peace initiative , it will accept it entirely . 
  for example , the arab league 's attempt in 2002 to get israel to withdraw to its 1967 borders was accepted by hamas on the condition that the palestinian people approved . 
  this does not sound like the profile of a genocidal organization . 
  and if that 's not good enough for you , in case you 've forgotten , there 's plenty of other organizations in palestine which the israeli government refuses to deal with which have been undermined repeatedly by israel 's illegal invasions and settlement expansions . 
  one such is the palestinian authority , which hamas agreed to form a reconciliation government with , meeting * all * the requirements of both israel and us for it to be considered legitimate , involving things such as recognition of israel , non-violence , and acceptance of all deals made between israel and the palestinian authority - retroactively . 
  in response to this the israeli government declared the new unity government as illegitimate . 
  now tell me the last time the palestinians said they wanted to kill all the jews again ? 
  perhaps there 's allusions to things such as ethnic cleansing in the 1988 charter , but a cursory examination of an organization even as extreme as hamas since that charter was released can tell you that something like that is not even on their radar as an agenda . 
  and yeah , `` wall of text '' , but i feel like this is something that really needs to be made explicitly clear . 
  at no time are jews in palestine/israel under the threat of genocide , not implicitly or explicitly . 
  there 's absolutely no proof that hamas is building tunnels or attempted to build tunnels to attack civilian targets . 
  that 's the idf spokesperson and he 's a confirmed bloody liar . 
  hamas only uses its personnel to attack military targets . 
  that 's their modus operandi . 
  any attack on civilian targets for the past few decades has been rocket attacks . 
  there has not been a single documented attack by hamas personnel on a civilian target in a long , long time . 
  i could n't say the same for the israeli `` defense '' forces . 
  furthermore , hamas 's actions are all entirely justified under international law , including but not limited to the digging of tunnels into israeli territory to launch attacks on targets ; the israeli blockade of gaza ( the main driver of the past few conflicts which israel has repeatedly lied about lifting in past peace deals ) , however , is a violation of the geneva convention . 
  so , yeah , say what you want about hamas tunnels ( `` terror tunnels '' if we 're swallowing israeli propaganda ) , but there 's absolutely nothing to indicate that they would be used to launch attacks on civilian organizations . 
  as such , i would expect israel , a country lauded as the `` only democracy in the middle east '' ( despite having no free press and repeatedly expelling the arab opposition at a drop of a hat , but we do n't care about things like that ) to actually not violate human rights for decades on end with absolutely no remorse and i 'd also expect them to not completely cripple and destroy a neighbouring country in the name of defense from a threat that 's not actually real - that fabricated threat being the threat of attack on civilian targets by tunnel . 
  the palestinian authority already agreed to concessions on all major israeli demands . 
  israel rejected it . 
  palestinian pliability is not in question here . 
  the question is what israel has to gain from reaching a peace deal - that is , `` nothing '' . 
  the israeli economy benefits * hugely * from the settlement programs and war .
