  they 're practically right wing . 
  god damn fake socialists . 
  i would rather have a contracting economy than any further erosion of worker 's rights . 
  the whole point of a healthy economy is to provide for the population , not the other way around . 
  looks like a mix of both . 
  nato needs to become relevant again . 
  not next year . 
  not tomorrow . 
  today . 
  nato is the most powerful political and military alliance on this planet yet it has been manhandled like a kitten by the russians in the game of politics , and that is in no small part because of the disunity within the eu , who 's reaction has been so lackluster and disappointing that i can not put it into words . 
  europe needs to get with the 21st century realities , dangerous politics is still a real thing yet most of us do n't show any indications of realizing that . 
  criticizing the politicization of the church institution is n't even remotely similar to antagonizing a religious sect just because you can , with absolutely no motive other than to instigate a negative reaction . 
  i do n't agree with a prison sentence over a non-violent hate crime , but let 's not pretend political advocacy is the same as intentionally pissing people off just for the sake of it . 
   `` look at the psoe pigs feeding off the monarchy . 
  i 'd shoot them one at a time ; it would be right ; something would improve . '', 
  pretty sure that 's inciting actual murder . 
  on top of that he 's not going to jail , he 's paying a fine . 
   question : if communism is such a great idea , why is it that so few people outside of teenagers , weirdos and university professors promote it in this day and age ? 
  firstly , that 's just incredibly belittling and insulting . 
   we 've been exposed to it for over a century . 
  should n't the masses catch on to how awesome it is by now ? 
  secondly , what you 're asking is the equivalent to asking a king back in middle ages if they 'd take our society or their society . 
  guess what they 'd pick . 
  people ; 1 . 
  do n't like change 2 . 
  are born , reared and indoctrinated in this current society , which makes it hard to see anything else . 
  how can you think outside the box when you do n't know you 're in one in the first place ? 
  people were exposed to ideas of equality , fraternity and liberty for centuries before republican revolutions came about . 
  ideas need to take root , develop and gain popular traction before you see a change in society , revolutionary , reformist or otherwise . 
  never thought of that . 
  absolutely , greed is in human nature , but our current society drives , encourages and * rewards * greed . 
  we 're long past the point where greed as a survival instinct is necessary . 
  there 's a distinct difference between personal greed and a societal drive for progress . 
  by that argument you are admitting that the current form of government has been corrupted by greed and is thus already ineffective as is . 
  the vanguard party is , yes , a part of the population , not the entire population , but it is there to `` protect the ideals '' of communism , which do include direct democracy , in much the same way the state is meant to safeguard the constitution . 
   anyway , how do you get ready for communism ? 
  you have to industrialize first , right ? 
  that 's what stalin did - industrialized ussr . 
  but do you like how he did that ? 
  that 's a misconception . 
  you ca n't have an effective communist revolution in a pre-industrial society . 
  there are no means of production for the proletariat to seize , which in a big way defeats the purpose of a communist revolution . 
  trying to industrialize after the fact does n't fix that problem . 
  you ca n't build a house with no foundation . 
  and just to add , stalin was the devil incarnate . 
   how do you know what will happen under `` real communism '' if it never happened anywhere in the world ? 
  it totally sounds like `` well if people were n't assholes , world would be so much better '' right now . 
  well how does anyone theorize on any philosophy ? 
  you talk about it , you talk about how you think it ought to be done , and one day in the future maybe it 'll happen the way it should and it will work . 
  capitalism `` works '' because that is what people are used to , there is no mindset or willpower to educate people outside this current societal thought , so corporations grow more powerful and capitalism continues to reward that greed , whereas we are essentially powerless to stop it within the current political systems . 
  it 's not about people being assholes , it 's about the natural human tendency to be greedy being * encouraged * by a broken system that we have simply accepted as the status quo . 
  yes , it was n't true communism under lenin either . 
  russia was absolutely the wrong place for a communist revolution , it was still coming out of feudalism for crying out loud , let alone approaching industrialization . 
  nobody - not marx , not any communist or socialist school of thought at the time - thought russia was primed for a communist revolution , it was more germany people were looking at . 
  the vanguard party has never realistically put into practice . 
  it requires an open and democratic society prior to any revolution , which 1917 russian absolutely was not . 
  furthermore , the vanguard party is not a separate political entity from the population . 
  it 's supposed to be direct democracy in which member of the party has equal say . 
  i find it amusing how in response to me saying the ussr was n't proper communism you go and say `` yeah but the ussr did * this * , checkmate ! '', 
  i dunno ... remember last time ? 
  russia was never communist , the soviet union was a sham wearing a facade of marxist-leninism ideals , the ussr was driven by imperialism and greed and who could buy off the most officials . 
  you could call it the union of britain !, 
  maybe the british union ? 
  too copy cat ... 
  i know !, 
  how about , the united kingdom ? 
  we need a token muslim country in the eu . 
  i nominate bosnia . 
  ^ ^ ^ once ^ ^ ^ they ^ ^ ^ get ^ ^ ^ their ^ ^ ^ shit ^ ^ ^ together, 
  did n't you read the latest climate report ? 
  it is worse than ever i was being generous . 
  yes it 's absolutely awful . 
   poland is on an international level a fairly rich country and have absolutely no excuse for using coal the way the have and are doing - none . 
  they are on purpose ruining for all of us , and it is bloody horrible . 
  there is no excuse for that . 
  and i agree , but poland is still behind everyone else in terms of progressive reforms , and it needs time to catch up and for the population to catch up . 
  a radical transformation from coal to cleaner energy should not realistically be expected over night , it 'll be a lengthy transition . 
  if russia ends up invading i reckon the end result will be something like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ngcmwrm.png ) . 
  the area marked off by the dark blue with red lines would be the zone of russian occupation , securing entry into crimea and biting off as many populated areas as they can get . 
  the area marked off with the light blue would be worst case scenario russian occupation , where they gain access to transnistira and threaten moldova . 
  he probably means they 're fully mobilised and positioned . 
  greed is the main driver for `` stupid politics '' , and the main driver for that greed is money , and the main driver for money is capitalism . 
  as long as we 're in the current modern society , wanting more and being greedy will be the main driving force behind most of everything . 
  as long as germany maintains its stance on nuclear energy i do n't see this happening , though maybe they 'll capitulate under pressure from everyone else . 
  it 's definitely sub-optimal but for an economy like poland which is still in its developing stages using the cheapest energy in the short term is their best solution to support their energy needs while they improve the green economy , and then using nuclear to transition would be better . 
  i ca n't wait to see how ineffective they 'll be . 
  car is spiraling out of control and troop presence there has done nothing to mitigate it as is . 
  i do n't understand this view at all . 
  why is it when we criticize you for doing something bad but praise you for doing something good , that all you remember is that we criticized you ? 
  super-rich is relevant to cost of living in the area vs. wages you are earning . 
  if i were to move to most places outside of europe/americas i 'd be considered upper class simply because my money goes a lot farther , if i stay where i am i am lower middle class . 
  you could say , `` well , you 're still upper class everywhere else '' , well all i can say is that i 'm * not * everywhere else . 
  there 's no class * war * but it is blind and ignorant to think there 's no class conflict fueled by the greed of the wealthy , exacerbated by capitalism . 
  worker 's rights are sorely lacking in many situations and leaves us all open to exploitation by the upper classes . 
  maybe in a decade or so . 
  nato ? 
  it was touch and go . 
  they could 've joined nato quite a while ago but never did . 
  i 'm pretty sure some negotiations from russia ( like putin would think of talking first ) with nato/ukraine might have secured a deal that ended with ukraine not joining nato , attaining status similar to finland . 
  flair up ?
