  maybe i 'm a tradesman . 
  a carpenter , electrician , plumber , whatever . 
  am i still a problem to you ? 
  ok , let 's say i 'm entirely unskilled . 
  i do manual labour for a living , maybe a taxi man , or a shop keeper 's assistant - whatever . 
  jobs for the uneducated . 
  am i still a problem then ? 
  let 's say , i 'm sitting around doing nothing . 
  guess what i 'd be then ? 
  the same as * thousands of other irish people * who do ** jackshit ** with their lives and leech off the system . 
  what makes me inherently worse than these people ? 
  maybe when you 're deporting me in your sick fantasy world you can ship the native born irish welfare hogs off with me . 
  surely that 's the problem , right ? 
  that i 'm coming over and doing nothing ? 
  if that 's the case , sure every unemployed person is a * problem * , and the solution would be to ship them all off to some other country and make them someone else 's problem . 
  that 'd fix an awful lot of problems , right ? 
  given your comments , i 'm going to assume that wont go down well with you . 
  why is that ? 
  what makes a native more important than an immigrant ? 
  is it that you support the idea that by mere accident of birth someone inherently has more rights than another human being ? 
  if that 's the case you can just squat down and take a gigantic shit all over western civilization , which has spent the last century or so trying to get rid of that notion . 
   yeah , we were all just backwards barbarians before the powers the be decided back in the 70s that mass-immigration is a good thing . 
  are you really that fucking stupid to believe mass immigration only became a thing in the 70 's ? 
  ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/010/692/19789999.jpg ), 
  ehhh south east asia 's a bit iffy . 
  i 'd say ireland simply because we have a very long and established history of peace keeping operations . 
   1 ) it 's not part of the muslim faith . 
  it 's a cultural clique imported from arabic nations it 's use is an interpretation of how the islamic faith should be practiced . 
  yes , it was originally a creation of a culture some 1500 years ago but its use has become ~ ~ monogamous ~ ~ synonymous with islamic practice . 
   2 ) a lot of countries ban motorbike helmets , balacalvas and ski masks in public space because it makes people feel uncomfortable . 
  do n't see how the veil differs . 
  a valid point , but one could argue that none of these are used in religious practice for significant minorities , so the same treatment should not apply . 
  not to mention in the case of a security emergency , a veil can be quickly removed to provide identification . 
   3 ) there 's a strong case to argue its oppressive against women i would love to hear this argument . 
  the belief that it is oppressive towards women usually comes from not understanding the context in which it is worn . 
  if there 's a new argument i 'd love to see it . 
   we simply object that parents cut off part of their baby son 's penis for religious reasons . 
  that 's not right . 
  that 's different . 
  violation of a defenseless child 's body should be a criminal offense . 
   it 's also a symbol for the oppression of women . 
  something that has absolutely no place in europe in 2014 . 
  the burqa/hijab is not a symbol of oppression * at all * , that 's a fundamental misinterpretation of islamic and arabian culture . 
  almost every woman wears it willingly , and can remove it at any time . 
  in fact , most find it liberating and would feel uncomfortable without one in public . 
   the highest authority should be our democratic , self-given laws . 
  not someone 's religion . 
  that 's all it means . 
  absolutely . 
  nobody will argue that . 
  the argument comes when that power is being used excessively or without reason . 
  of course , immigrants are great when we exploit them for cheap labour in a booming economy . 
  otherwise , fuck them . 
  amirite or amirite ? 
  15 % of my country is foreign born . 
  that has nothing on places like australia where it 's dramatically higher . 
  has my country collapsed yet ? 
  or oz ? 
  immigrants only become a problem when they 're treated like shit and as a result do n't integrate . 
  i do n't see the difference between a polish person living here and an irish one . 
  or an arab and a bulgarian . 
  or an italian and a brit . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  i do n't see the problem , because you know what ? 
  most developed nations are * built * on the back of immigrants , yet as soon as the job 's done we feel we can lock them out because they 're a useless drain on society . 
  that 's morally abhorrent . 
  does immigration cause economic problems ? 
  it absolutely does . 
  are there solutions other than just telling them to fuck off ? 
  yes . 
  trying to lock out immigrants is a proven * failed * strategy , especially when they have at least 2 land borders with the eu and that 's not including them coming through thrace , either . 
  what are you going to do to people who try to come here on boats ? 
  sink them ? 
  shoot the people ? 
  force them to turn around , and in that case you might as well shoot them anyways because you 're killing them . 
  people need to understand the immigration is as much a humanitarian issue as it is an economic one . 
  you want to turn back people who are risking their lives to come here and live a better life . 
  where are you going to send them ? 
  egypt ? 
  libya ? 
  car ? 
  you think if they were safe or it they could live where they were from they 'd go to such extreme measures to get here ? 
  the solution is to make sure all eu countries share the load proportionally . 
  it is n't fair to make italy handle the burden alone , but it absolutely is morally degenerate to simply turn these people back . 
   why do we hate them again ? 
  and they used to posses practically half of europe as well . 
  ottoman influences are very apparent in s.e. 
  europe . 
  anyways , we 're not a cultural union . 
  ireland is radically different to romania , would n't you say ? 
  or finland different to portugal ? 
  turkey itself has quite diverse populations . 
  not to mention around 7 million turks live on the european side of turkey . 
  hardly negligible . 
  wait , when i submit a comment it is n't taken as fact ? 
  fuck , i 've been wasting my time here . 
  americans ca n't have opinions ? 
  brevik was sure stopped by that sign that said `` no guns allowed '' , all right . 
  yeah , there 's a difference between being secular and preventing people from practicing their religion because it 's , for some reason , to someone , somewhere , vaguely offensive . 
  `` aggressive secularism '' is the right term for that particular situation in france .
