  yeah , rt generally has a pretty uninformed viewerbase and it does n't help in that regard that it 's essentially the mouthpiece of the kremlin in all east v west political matters . 
  traditional halal slaughter is n't ( widely ) practiced in any western countries where halal slaughter is legal . 
  i believe the figure in the uk was something like 90 % of halal meat is slaughtered using humane stunned/anesthetized methods . 
  not sure on the arab countries for stats though , a lot of their meat is actually [ imported from ireland ] ( http://halalcertification.ie/halal/islamic-method-of-slaughtering/ ) . 
  of course , i fully endorse the banning of the other 10 % , which is cruel . 
  but there needs to be clarification on such things . 
  why ? 
   would you want the media to ignore something as important as isis ? 
  no , it 's far too late now to simply have a media hiatus on them . 
  is this comment actually for real ? 
  anyone know why algeria has no name ? 
  it 's because nobody knows she 's actually called daenerys . 
  which is actually quite a wonderful name . 
  thanks !, 
  did they ? 
  do you have a source on that one ? 
  all the arab states are `` part of the operation '' but that does n't necessarily mean bombs . 
  you mean the corrupt , incompetent and underfunded police services ? 
  no , i do n't think i 'll ask them . 
  `` i 'm afraid of being racist '' is a fake cover up created after the fact in order to try justify their criminal negligence . 
  lebanon has around the same . 
  it 's not really , no . 
  yes , because giving them attention as if they 're the world 's most powerful islamist organization has surely * shrunk * their numbers . 
  why do you think so many europeans travel to join isis in particular ? 
   sounds like the 90 's strategy for al-qaeda . 
  worked out pretty well , eh ? 
  except that was n't the strategy and is also entirely difference in every single capacity to the current situation . 
  none of the arab states are confirmed to have bombed a single thing yet . 
  regardless of that fact , the sauds ( the ruling family of ** saud ** i arabia ) number in the thousands . 
  i do not doubt many , many of them are funding extremists using funds they 've gathered from their family connections . 
  none of the arab states are confirmed to have bombed a single thing yet . 
  ummm , no . 
  how the hell does that even fucking work in your head ? 
  they 're waving an * isis * flag . 
  unless you start going up to them and calling the muslim dogs and start wiping your shitty ass with pages from the qur ` an , there 's absolutely * zero * basis on which people can fear accusations of islamophobia or racism . 
   you seem to have convinced yourself that those of us who hold disdain for that religion do so because of media indoctrination , as opposed to first hand experience with it . 
  that 's actually even worse . 
  your `` personal experience '' is n't a solid basis . 
   the original intent of freedom of speech was to be able to freely express your opinions and ideas and exchange them in order the society to grow , not to spread hate , promote violence and recruit people for organizations that are opposed to freedom in general and are threat to the society these are entirely subjective things . 
  which is why freedom of speech is necessary . 
  of course , i 'm neither here nor there on it . 
  i can see the rationale for either stance . 
  generally speaking , it 's a bureaucratic and administrative mess . 
  front line staff are terribly under funded and there 's not enough front line staff to start with anyways . 
  things like in the article happen far too often for a population of our size . 
  my jaw gradually got lower the further i read into the article . 
  it really displays the endemic problem of careless neglect of the patients in the irish health system . 
  a single infantryman has been able to take out tanks for decades now . 
  they 're not nearly so relevant as they used to be . 
  having such a large tank force reeks of `` inefficient '' as opposed to `` big and strong '' . 
  while greece spends the most per capita out of every nation in the eu ( just behind norway , which is n't in the eu ) , it is n't the best or strongest military , which is the point of conversation here . 
  in terms of manpower , air power , and naval power , both france and the uk have greece beat out . 
  greece can keep the tanks . 
  with that said , this is not to speak poorly of greece 's military strength , which is significant in its own right , especially taken in context . 
  you know more about my language than i do . 
  india is kinda weird though in that there 's regional and national languages , right ? 
  i ca n't handle this total aversion of stereotypes . 
  no , no , no , those were * eastern * influences . 
  totally fine . 
  while slavery only became a massive commercial industry with the new world and the rise in demand for cheap slaves from africa , there was slavery going on before that . 
  why would you want to have a nuremberg-esque trial ? 
  it 's like saying `` here 's a set of precedents we do n't follow '' hope the guy gets locked up . 
  bloody normans . 
  coming over ` ere , taking our jobs , marrying our women !, 
  what about the fuckin ' anglo-saxons , ` eh ? 
  ` murica !, 
  [ home of the brave . 
  land of the free . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/western_hemisphere_institute_for_security_cooperation ), 
   all i 'm saying i 'd rather trust a renowned historian than a nobody like you . 
  all i 'm saying is that an appeal to authority argument does n't fool anybody with critical thought . 
  all you 've managed to do is launch insults and totally avoided addressing any points . 
  you 're clearly only interested in silencing opposing views , not discussion . 
  i do n't know any yes campaigners ( in the mainstream leftwing thought ) that said scotland would become a `` socialist utopia '' at all . 
  it would n't have been an `` absolute disaster '' at all , this idea that scottish people need someone else to take care of them is just the epitome of hilarity and frankly low self-esteem . 
  if anything , that scotland has become so wholly and entirely reliant on private entities * within the current system * , that if it attempts to deviate from the current system it would suffer , surely * that * is reason enough to want to escape from that system in the first place . 
  the reality of the matter is that if scotland , one of the wealthiest nations in europe , suffered economically , it would survive . 
  ask any irishman during the height of the economic crisis whether or not they 'd be better off within the uk . 
  some of them might of said `` yes '' , but if you then asked them whether or not they wanted to rejoin the uk ? 
  everybody would say `` no '' . 
  using purely economic reasons as arguments for and against self-determination are ones that i simply can not understand . 
  it 's not a matter of `` supporting '' the independence ; say that a region of ireland wanted to break off today , i would n't want it to happen , but i would support their right to do so by popular mandate and i would n't be punitive about the issue . 
  all you 're doing now is [ appealing to authority ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/argument_from_authority ) . 
  by your argument nobody can ever question anything because someone in a position of authority said so . 
  not how it works . 
  i 'd bet 100 bucks you did n't read the article i linked . 
  if you had and were n't using silly logical fallacies you 'd be able to address the points asserted and laid out instead of mindless comments . 
  ironic that you then tell * me * to get out of my bubble when you refuse to do the same . 
  my own reading of it up against other analysis ( plural ? ) . 
  good academics can produce marvelous piles of shit sometimes . 
  [ this one ] ( https://www.jacobinmag.com/2014/09/timothy-snyders-lies/ ) is long but reading it got me to go out and get the book and see it myself, 
  he forgot so many european countries lol, 
  biblethump, 
  no clue . 
  i 'm not sure if that was an rfsr flag ( as the blue line was on the bottom going horizontally as opposed to at the left side going vertically ) but assuming it was , they were standing next to a donetsk flag on the same side , and seeing as i do n't speak russian i can only make the inaccurate interpretation that they 're an opposing march . 
  it 's originally a symbol of anarcho-syndicalism ( pure black flag is anarchism ) , but in ukraine it has been synonymous with the ultranationalist ukrainian insurgent army , though i believe it ought to be a horizontal division as opposed to a diagonal . 
  so they might actually be anarchists , yes . 
  no , it 's made up . 
  i do n't get why people need to make up such hyperbolic bullshit about stalin when he 's already evil enough when you look at the real events that happened under his regime . 
  snyder 's book is an exercise in how much shit you can push into the academic sphere about two dictators before people start calling bullshit .
