  what 's wrong with power projection ? 
  power projection is what lets small countries compete with big ones . 
  look at his comment history . 
  look at his comment history . 
  look at his comment history . 
  sick of this shit opinion you 're hoding in regards to switzerland . 
  they are planning on reneging on a treaty with us . 
  they are giving us a big fuck you . 
  we fuck back . 
  deal with it . 
  furthermore , nobody has asserted the eu is perfect at all . 
  in fact , almost everyone agrees it is a flawed bureaucratic mess . 
  so i do n't know where you got that shit from . 
  and that leads to my next point , that eurosceptics are always posting . 
  the problem is that they are always incredibly childish shitposts which provide no content , which do not add to discussion and are often blatantly insulting . 
  this is why you do not see euroscepticism , because it 's chief proponents are retards who get down voted for being retards . 
  good comments will always breed discussion . 
  there are some very good eurosceptic posters around here which always produce posts worth reading with useful comments . 
  in regards to ukraine , damn right we 're the best end result for them than some autocratic oligarchy with a track record for military imperialism as well as shit domestic rights and corruption that makes us look flawless . 
  this attitude of comparing us to america needs to die . 
  last i heard afghanistan and iraq do n't share borders with the us and are n't from continental america . 
  and last but not least , i 'll be as euronationalist as i damn well please . 
  there 's nothing wrong with nationalism unless it 's the chauvinistic kind . 
  this opinion of `` nationalist = bad '' is moronic . 
  good . 
  i 'd rather fuck a great white than be in bed with putin, 
  there are quite a few that do not fulfill that criteria at all and some that are blatant political statements . 
  however i do agree there is a bias and hypocrisy of allowing one type of flag and not another . 
  people still go on / r/worldnews ? 
  drawing a parallel between serbia/wwi and now is a very hard and long stretch to make . 
  posted by the ministry of internal affairs of ukraine . 
  think we finally did it , reddit !, 
  we found an impartial source !, 
  yes , a gigantic global event where every country on the planet takes part in competitions against one another will absolutely have no affiliation or cross over with politics . 
  hahaha . 
  while cnn is not the us equivalent or rt , it 's not much more reliable than the daily mail when it comes to domestic journalism . 
  with that said , i 've always found then to be * generally * in the ballpark when it comes to international events . 
  using twitter as a reference is junk reporting , and for anything important , that 's all he has . 
  edit : til reddit thinks unsourced twitter posts that can come from anybody anywhere on the planet is valid and reliable journalism . 
  they could use a dose of freedom ^ ^ tm , eu edition . 
  it changes the weapon mechanics . 
  does n't look like rubber bullets, 
  i thought starting off intimate might be a bit more persuasive . 
  xxx, 
  find a single untruth . 
  british media quality really has devolved . 
  must be something in the anglo blood that causes americans and brits to both be equally retarded in regards to the media . 
  maths is the most important thing you can learn on the planet if you want to be even slightly relevant . 
  if you fail to realize this patently obvious truth then you are fundamentally moronic . 
  9 of the dead are police . 
  i 'd rather go to bed with a great white than with putin . 
  as long as their foreign policy is the way it is and their politics is the way it is , these are not people the union should be friends with . 
  firearms , film/television , and tech . 
  well to be honest it was in italian airspace first , no ? 
  the majority of their population has done military training , similar to israel . 
  [ here it is again ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjdfxrzqtps ), 
  [ btr vs protesters ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d41crqlkck4 ) edit : went private , [ here it is again ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjdfxrzqtps ), 
  [ shit 's getting serious ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d41crqlkck4 ), 
  [ shit 's getting serious ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d41crqlkck4 ) edit : went private , [ here it is again ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mjdfxrzqtps ), 
   ` donations ' are not direct because you 're not fueling the conflict , you 're fueling the people that are fueling the conflict . 
  when said aide is given with the specific guarantee that it will be used to fuel the conflict , you 're fueling the conflict . 
  if people are dying anyways , no . 
  easy for me to say though , i wont be the one on the ground . 
  false causation . 
  the protests grew violent as a result of police crackdowns . 
  russia gave the ukrainian government 2 billion usd to crackdown on the protests . 
  that 's as direct as you get without doing it yourself . 
  i am aware of all these things , and i wish there was active intervention , fuck what russia wants . 
  us is in nato . 
  most of the eu member states are also in nato . 
  over decades . 
  fraudulent , but even if that was legitimate , their behavior towards the protesters removed any legitimacy they had . 
  actually , you make a very good point and i agree . 
  if it works better one way , why not do it that way ? 
  the point of the eu is a political union with economic incentives . 
  decentralization backtracks on the whole `` political union '' part , and that does , in effect , abandon the eu as a concept . 
  if you want a historical example simply look at the holy roman empire , which became so decentralized over time that the emperor effectively held no more power and it collapsed when faced with a stronger external entity . 
  people who argue that decentralization does n't = dismantlement do not understand the point of the european union . 
  the willpower to continue with a political union has always been hanging by a thread and the uk has constantly been trying to pluck it . 
  if there 's any decentralization now , then there will never be a united europe in the future , as the eu was intended to be from the outset . 
   edit : temporarily abondoning this ship , i ca n't deal with dozens of sarcastic comebacks at once . 
  ah , the frenchman gives up , quelle surprise !, 
  joking aside , your post is dumb . 
  it 's a single mep - `` pure european democracy '' 2 . 
  democracy is not binary . 
  direct democracy is not the only kind , and it 's arguably the worst kind . 
  she 's not wrong . 
  if everybody 's dumb as shit why would you want them to vote ? 
  because democracy only has one form . 
  because decentralization ultimately = dismantlement , which is not on the agenda . 
  i get what you 're saying - that with that many people you ca n't possibly represent everybody and that the conditions of regions are so varied you could hardly call them the same country . 
  yes and no . 
  it 's all about the political structure and how you manage things . 
  if you 're simply of the view that there 's simply `` too many people '' then you 'd also have to say that india , china , and the eu are all pipe dreams destined to collapse . 
  there is very much a difference between a small country who 's * policies * are restricted by external regional powers , and a country which has no say in policy to start with . 
  can california manage its own army and dictate foreign policy ? 
  nope . 
  can finland ? 
  yes . 
  this is the kind of leap we 're making here .
