  dude you are in for a treat . 
  the cuisine is great . 
  you know , you need * two * sides of a tunnel to make it effective , right ? 
  hamas 's only incursions into israel have been attacks on idf military bases . 
  spread propaganda harder . 
   because that is what the palestinians tell us they will do what a load of propaganda bullshit . 
  when have `` the palestinians '' said this ? 
  it 's actually a really interesting idea . 
  if we were to open up rights to aliens then under what criteria ? 
  would they be the same as human rights ? 
  on what basis would we consider these aliens to be deserving of these rights ? 
  if they are deserving of these rights , then why not other sentient intelligent beings on earth such as dolphins and whales ? 
  yeah , i thought the whole point or / r/europe is that it would be a sub for europeans to discuss european issues with a european mindset ... 
  i see americans more than anyone else telling me how we should feel about stuff . 
  i can guarantee ( well not really a guarantee because i do n't know for a fact ) you that a very large number of the unflaired users are also americans . 
  * why not ? 
  the american government is , yup . 
  and russian , and chinese , and quite a few others . 
  why would i feel better ? 
  we 're not even discussing that ? 
  but of course , `` muh communazis '' is always the first card someone plays when they ca n't say anything useful or intelligent . 
  of course , i 'm not going to overlook the fact that you just whitewashed about 70 years of soviet/russian and american imperialism . 
  it 's almost like you think pinochet was supported by the people , along with all the dictators in cuba , guatemala , vietnam and everywhere else around the world ... and for your earlier comment ; `` you people are only oppressed in your minds . '', 
  sorry , what a load of shit . 
  up until 3 years ago if i said i was a communist in my home country i would 've been kidnapped , tortured and executed . 
  supported by america . 
  it 's called reality . 
  would you like a list of revolutions stomped on by foreign governments ? 
  or governments toppled by foreign governments ? 
  tip : the majority of the people doing the stomping and toppling will be american or russian . 
  pay someone else to knock it down and piss on it . 
  if people actually tried to do that america ( and , to be fair , not just america ) would quickly undo it . 
  that 's not very likely . 
  think pragmatically here , what does either country have to * gain * by launching a nuclear weapon in the opening moves ? 
  [ l'internationale ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=poh14-hmgfc ) , originally a poem by a french leader of the paris commune , eugene pottier , in 1871 , and put to music by a belgian , pierre de geyter in 1888 . 
  there are [ english ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t2mpx2ghpza ) , [ german ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iyow6s9mw7a ) , [ russian ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j8n7hz6zce8 ) , [ american ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vuw_aabjcpe ) and even [ irish ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=riw7w_vny-o&amp;index=11 ) versions , along with a whole host of other languages , all with their distinctive tinges - making it one of the most translated songs on the planet . 
   champagne socialism there 's no real winning is there ? 
  if people are poor they 're just jealous , and if people are n't they 're hypocrites . 
  donetsk is contested . 
  the airport particularly has been held out under siege for months now . 
  the conditions behind the bolshevik revolution and the left wing opposition to the soviet union . 
  it fell ? 
  irish people are ireland 's biggest critics , you do n't really know what you 're talking about . 
  when people who clearly do n't know what the hell they 're talking about insist on commenting on what 's going on in ireland , however , they 'll be heavily shit upon by irish people , yes . 
  usually because irish people are less tolerant of ignorant stupidity than most others . 
  if you do n't understand what satire is used for , no , there is no point . 
  except this is / r/europe not / r/superseriouseuropeanpoliticalarticlesonly so the point of submitting is `` i want to '' . 
  religion is very much an underlying theme in american film , it 's just so prevailant that you stop noticing . 
  i can guarantee you so many people will miss the point of this article in what it 's satirizing . 
  is / r/europe super srs bsnss only now ? 
  there are cultures in europe , yes , but as a contiguous singular entity as / u/neutrolgreek describes it , there is n't . 
  almost every single representative voted for both wars in afghanistan and iraq . 
  while the afghanistan war , while poorly thought out was more understandable , iraq faced significant opposition all across the country from the population yet was totally ignored by its government . 
   i mean , people talk about america invading countries , but i have yet to kill even one person in the middle east yet . 
  to claim this as a legitimate stance is to admit that parliamentary democracy is a failure . 
  yes . 
  no dude see immigrants are subhuman filth if they 're not white and do n't have `` european culture '' . 
  therefore if you actually want to treat them as * people * ... man you got ta be one radical communist motherfucker . 
  if that 's not `` white rights '' mental gymnastics i do n't know what is , there is no such thing as `` european culture '' except in minds of white supremacists ... you only ever see it referred to on stormfront , white supremacy forums and apparently here . 
  you can lie to yourself all you want but it is the absolute definition of racism to discriminate against people based on race . 
  that 's literally the fucking definition . 
  no dude pretty sure if they 're brown they 're not people so they ca n't actually be refugees it 's just the crazy communist media . 
  this is the world 's biggest refugee crisis since world war 2 ( with near-the-same numbers ) and yet there is no international response to this . 
  what is going on with our governments ? 
  just paying a dictator here and there to stop them leaving like we did with ghaddafi is not going to solve anything . 
  i dunno what i just watched , but it felt right . 
  well he clearly meant after they reclaimed finland from the dirty finns . 
  wow , europe sure sounds like a shitty place . 
  why are you fighting so hard to become one of us , again ? 
  someone does n't understand the root causes of the global crisis ... and if i was n't being clear enough , that person is you . 
   sometimes, 
  sorry , no , you 've got it all wrong , it 's the liberal jewish communist sorosite homonazi fascists . 
  also , what the hell is a sorosite ? 
  the eu is not a contiguous , single entity . 
  what matters is that countries like france and the uk were not shy about supporting these kinds of actions in the middle east as well as [ doing some of their own ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/suez_crisis ) . 
  if we were talking decades and decades and decades from now and a federal eu that has n't been punitively towing the line with our economic war on iran for decades on end , as current eu member states have been for a very long time , then we might probably feel pretty justified in being fobbed off by the iranians ... 
  [ irish army rangers , i.e. 
  ireland is a tax haven , but that has nothing to do with this case with apple . 
  i 'm just saying , it took a long , long time for the us to become as centralized as it is , and not even then has it gone into that realm ... 
  it is n't really feasible for the eu to do this ( imo ) and we 're better off trying to think of and discuss other options . 
  not even the usa has country-wide taxation . 
  not other countries , but the global economic system , yes ... 
  it 's all a race to the bottom as far as neoliberalism goes ; within the uk 's territories there are many , many tax havens - the netherlands and luxembourg also have some sort of tax haven status , and there are places in the us that are also tax havens . 
  ireland keeps its taxes low , because if it increases them then companies will go somewhere else with lower taxes ... and while its economy suffers , maybe the eu will open another investigation and take a few years . 
  there needs to be a reform of the tax system in ireland imo , and a fresh approach to how we deal with corporations . 
  right now they just set up here and give a few euros and do little else . 
  we ought to change that up . 
  with that said , this current case with apple has nothing to do with ireland 's tax haven status . 
  this investigation and any follows up will have no baring on it . 
  because , even when the euro was secure , china used the dollar as an intermediate currency . 
  it cuts the us dollar out of the equation . 
  no , marx would definitely be a marxist . 
  the criticisms marx has made of capitalism has held the test of time pretty well . 
  it is worth mentioning that as much as marx criticized the capitalist system , he also gave it significant praise and highlighted its various improvements over previous systems . 
  his intention was to highlight what it did right , and then to address what it did wrong . 
  whether or not marx himself would go along with what people following after him and expanded upon his theory - like lenin , luxembourg , trotsky and various others - is another question entirely , and that itself is a lively debate within the left . 
   while they never implemented theoretically pure models as it were communism remained theur inspiration and ultimate goal . 
  this is not true . 
  reforms that took place within the soviet system - classed as either a degenerated worker 's state or a state capitalist entity , depending who on the left you ask ( neither communism ) - were almost entirely liberal in nature . 
  whilst initially there were moves made towards communism , more under lenin , they were not enough to maintain the momentum after his death .
