  yes , russia took on all the debt of the former republics , which ultimately led to its economic collapse and default in 1998 , leading rather directly to the situation we have today . 
  i 've always said that the answer to all of the uk 's problems would simply involve the secession of london ... 
  yeah , and we can see how much power they have to change things i.e. 
  fuck all we all know how well that equal vote worked out for them when it came to maggie thatcher, 
  no , ireland 's officially named ireland , as up until 1998 , ireland had an official constitutional claim on northern ireland as well and viewed it as occupied territory . 
  it 's allegedly full fiscal autonomy , but the problem is that ; 1 . 
  it 's not in writing 2 . 
  there 's no concrete answer it 's like someone saying `` hey , if you do n't do this , we * pinky promise * that we 'll give you something nice ! '', 
  that 's not accurate ; it was a statement made in reaction to the idea that they would n't be allowed to use the pound . 
  this is n't the break up of the soviet union ; scotland will take some debt on . 
  that 's the first thing snp want to do - i 'm sure with independence there 'll also be new elections for the newly independent scottish parliament , in which case we can only really see then what it looks like . 
  a colonist 's diary, 
  i 'm definitely not a supporter of putin , i think the treatment of the press under him is abominable and his foreign policy is outdated and thuggish . 
  but there 's far more to him ( and russia ) than the bad things and people will constantly overlook that . 
  in terms of foreign policy , as he stands right now he 's obviously in opposition to the west . 
  the big question is whether or not we can make the right moves to defuse the situation so that as opposed to being in opposition we can cooperate . 
  something tells me that wont happen ( war is peace etc. ), 
  as some would argue we 've gone past the point of no return with russian relations . 
  failing that ... well , nato 's existence is validated . 
  that does n't change the fact that under putin , russia went from becoming a near non-entity to a somewhat successful economy . 
  yeah , great , oil prices went up , but he rebuilt the middle class , amongst various other achievements . 
  calling putin `` mad '' is stupid . 
  all of his moves are done with a measure of calculation and cleverness , you 're just not thinking from a strategic point of view . 
  its this nonsensical caricature of putin and russia that is exacerbating the crisis and deteriorating relations in the first place . 
  as i said - great power syndrome . 
   the opposition in russian is shit because putin wants it to be shit - he encourages the idiots and locks the serious competition away , for example any oligarch with political aspirations . 
  and what do you actually base this on ? 
  yes , russia is an oligarchy . 
  so 's america - do the tea party only exist because obama lets them ? 
  this idea of putin 's absolute , totalitarian control of every part of everybody 's life and politics is simply not true . 
  is freedom of press pretty much nonexistent ? 
  more or less , still some freedom in print media . 
  but here 's a reality ; when putin came into power , he centralized the government , removed elected governors and made them an appointed position , as well as a whole host of undemocratic measures that were actually criticized by yeltsin and gorbachev . 
  last elections , 4 of those municipalities had democratically elected governors . 
  next election , it 'll be 22 . 
  this is not some sort of dictatorship where he is continuously putting everything into his control and leaving it at that , he 's devolving powers and allowing people to elect at the more local levels , which is a * back track * on his early reforms . 
  is putin an authoritarian figure ? 
  yes . 
  but you give him far , far , far too much credit for what the politics in russia is like . 
  it was hardly any different under yeltsin . 
  because i made the mistake of not calling him satan , which is the only acceptable discourse on this subreddit . 
  it starts making perfect sense when you consider how much money goes into individual pockets . 
  that does make sense , yes . 
  i find it hard to justify the statement that mass migration has n't been happening ; but i also find it hard to see why it is just * now * an issue . 
  france has been trying to get rid of immigrants for decades now , and mass migration has been going on for quite a long time . 
  it 's not a new phenomenon . 
  so i 'm always just confused at how it is * still * an issue . 
  50 years ago , immigrants would be the death of france . 
  40 years ago , immigrants would be the death of france . 
  30 years ago , immigrants would be the death of france . 
  20 , 10 years ago - the same . 
  today ? 
  apparently immigrants are going to kill france . 
  i view it very similar to the story of a boy who cried wolf . 
  people have been clamouring for a long , long , long time that the death of their identity and their culture and their economy was just around the corner . 
  as you 've said , people tend to stick with familiar things ; and in the same vein , people do n't like unfamiliar things . 
  so who better to blame your country 's change on than on things that are unfamiliar ? 
  like immigrants . 
  this of course , does not just apply to france , it applies to all countries . 
  dude , take a look at the opposition in russia . 
  take a look at what russia was when putin came to power . 
  the man is the best fucking thing that happened to that country , regardless of his foreign policy . 
  when russia defaulted in 1998 ( because it took on all the debts of the former ssrs and could n't handle it , people like to forget that little fact ) under yeltsin 's government , it was legitimately on the verge of splintering * again * . 
  the country was about to become a non-country . 
  there was no middle class , the people were destitute ... putin 's reign reversed that trend . 
  and a lot of people seem to forget that , when the choice is between a crazy as fuck ultranationalist who says he wants `` russia to wash its feet in the indian ocean '' and the same communist party that ruled the ussr , putin looks pretty damn attractive in comparison . 
  russia itself has never experienced liberal democracy . 
  18 % of the people are concerned with the corruption of the judiciary . 
  57 % would rather a strong leader to a democratically elected one . 
  32 % are worried about the democratic deficit ( note : these figures i heard from analysts on the radio ) . 
  that 's your russian demographic and it 's not surprising that the russian people buys into its government 's `` great power syndrome '' where it feels entitled to a sphere of influence and authority over `` lesser '' nations . 
  what does their ethnicity matter ? 
  you saying that because someone is n't born white they can never be french ? 
  that 's hardly worrying or dramatic numbers . 
  considering the population of france and france 's colonial history , it is hardly surprising . 
  i think from a russian strategic point of view , with a ukraine aimed towards integration with europe and , in essence , away from russia , the seizure of crimea was an absolute military necessity . 
  i also do n't think russia could 've secured bases in serbia , nor would there be any real benefit to doing so in america except * dramatically * and * directly * increasing tensions with the usa . 
  america does n't like bases like that anywhere in its hemisphere , let alone a few miles off the coast . 
  from my understanding of them , russia is a country that suffers from , what is essentially , `` great power syndrome '' . 
  they feel a need to assert their authority , interests , and influence . 
  if we stop taking that seriously , they 'll escalate the issue . 
  and from russia 's point of view , ukraine is ; 1 . 
  in their sphere of influence 2 . 
  a country of major strategic importance 3 . 
  a country with close historical ties 4 . 
  a long time objective of western powers so it was imperative that they could n't let it get out of their hands , and when we stopped taking those things seriously , russia made it serious . 
  this is why i think this attitude of `` the russians are crazy '' or `` putin 's mad '' are dangerous , especially coming from the likes of merkel . 
  yup , the old communist party . 
  keep in mind that the third biggest party would like russia to `` wash its feet in the indian ocean '' pick between those two and putin , and guess who wins ? 
  a lot of people do n't realize how moderate putin 's stances are in relation to his opposition ... 
  there are several fascist/nazi militant battalions endorsed by the ukrainian government that are doing a very large amount of the deadly fighting in eastern ukraine ( azov , donbass battalions etc. ), 
  oh please . 
  / r/europe has an incredibly skewed view but to pretend as if that 's unique to it or to any forum , or even country , is preposterous and inaccurate . 
  you have n't even read the article , you do n't know anything about what it says , what its approach is , who it 's talking about , what factors it considers or what conclusions it comes to . 
  tell me again , who is `` misguided '' here ? 
  one who insists that everyone who does not think identically to him is a troll and that everyone that tries to consider factors other than your limited vision is biased , or is the person who tries to take into hand many accounts ... 
  if you want to close your mind to everything other than what you think you know and try and drown out all slightly different opinion , and least do n't be insulting and be honest about your biased agenda . 
  that 's because it * does * exist . 
  there 's no * assumption * , it 's a well established reality ... discussing that part of the equation , as well as russia , is vital to a balanced opinion . 
  because it admits that there is such a thing it is no longer serious ?
