  i do n't know how they 'd maintain it though . 
  basically it believes in achieving socialism without a strong central government , based much more on community governance and cooperation and the abolition of any hierarchy that can not justify itself . 
  chomsky , for example , would describe himself as an anarchist or libertarian socialist . 
  it 's fairly in contrast to lenin 's ideas of what a proletarian dictatorship would look like , that is , an authoritarian state intended to enforce the ideas of the revolution and prevent counter-revolution . 
  putting it simply . 
  no , i 'm saying the immigration * scare * is ridiculous . 
  there are obviously relative downsides to immigration within the capitalist system for the people already living at the destination . 
  but this idea that the migrants are coming by their millions every month and are going to fuck our women and breed the `` natives '' out of existence , destroy the culture , put everybody out of a job and so on and so forth ... is ridiculous . 
  it 's a load of wank the papers put out to keep the clicks and purchases high and it fuels a fear and paranoia and rage against an unjust system and then points it in the wrong direction . 
  there 's quite a few strategic locations on the island that are considered nuclear targets in the event of a war . 
   i do n't understand why russia can just fly around with nuclear planes over europe well , they have n't been . 
  russia and the soviets have been doing this for decades , they 're not stupid enough to actually do it over foreign airspace , which is indicative of an actual attack . 
  they 're usually careful to keep things just outside the borders in international airspace . 
  ah we 're not * quite * that bad . 
  close , though . 
  those pictures are hilarious in context . 
  it 's a very grey area . 
  i would n't blame them for trying to become a part of american policy given that the alternative would be to get turned into dust if the us goes somewhere else , but it would be fairly ironic after all these decades that america would finally support a radical leftwing organization . 
  i would n't call them opportunist though in that regard . 
  when faced with the single biggest failure of your ideology - the collapse of the ussr - then there 's bound to be backlash . 
  it 's kind of foolish to keep rigidly to one thing that 's shown to have a fatal flaw . 
  do you just have a macro that says this every time someone asks you ? 
  * do you just have a macro that says this every time someone asks you ? 
  yeah , pkk really is n't as great an organization as they 're made out to be idealistic western leftists . 
  they 've a flawed history , a cult of personality , and often some very unsavory tactics . 
  but there has n't been something like this happening in a long time so people are very quick to whitewash them . 
  i also would n't say their libertarian socialist `` credentials '' are new-found , they 've been around for a good while , they kind of dropped marxism-leninism after the collapse of the ussr . 
  you sure it 's not just the media whipping up scare stories for money ? 
  so it looks like now europeans are now on both sides of the conflict , and not just the muslim kind . 
  the democratic confederalism model they talk about at the end was coined by the kurdistan worker 's party ( pkk ) and ypg/j is a close affiliate of them . 
  its `` mastermind '' , abdullah ocalan , was set to be executed in a turkish prison but i believe it 's been commuted to life in order to keep peace talks with the pkk fruitful . 
  he took inspiration from [ bookchin ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/murray_bookchin ) 's theories . 
   what enemies have been created by the uk ? 
  if there 's no enemies , then there 's no need for a militarized ireland . 
  not really , the fundamental power dynamic is the same , the key is to give just enough concessions to make people unwilling to challenge the current system , while retaining power . 
  when you target things people do to hide from the realities of an oppressive system , like sport , or internet , or make it impossible for them to live normally within the system ( say , a massive economic crisis ) , then people start challenging the power dynamic and it 's back to making concessions . 
  while i think the immigration scare is absolutely void of facts and is patently ridiculous , i consider people ignorant not racist . 
  especially when they prioritize that shit over things like healthcare and economy . 
  that 's dumb as fuck . 
  that the eu has our best interests at heart . 
  it 's just another institution for private entities to lobby . 
  also , i find people that conflate the eu and echr to be annoying as fuck . 
  no , he said he 's been there . 
  none , we all live in oligarchies or top-down unrepresentative power structures of some form ( plutocracy for example ) , the only difference is how many concessions they make to people to keep them happy . 
  the difference between the information a slovak and an american can get is virtually nil . 
  what i found hilarious was that it was originally for the prime minister and then they changed it when he became president . 
   it is accepted that about 15-25 % are radicals . 
  lol wut who accepts that , some far right nutjob ? 
  it 's really an invasion !, 
  are we going to let the muslims to do us like the jews did with bolshevism !? 
  is of great leader . 
  disagree ? 
  filthy bourgeois-anarchist-trotskyite-nationalist !, 
  the 5th column would also relate to so-called `` counterrevolutionaries '' like anarchists , left communists and trotskyists who opposed stalin 's rule , as seen in the [ show trials which were endorsed by western observers ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moscow_trials ) as well as any old bolsheviks that presented any threat . 
  i absolutely agree here . 
  while the numbers are dramatically exaggerated in many instances , the core truth is the same ; stalin and his cronies were brutal , treacherous , giant pieces of shit and any kind of revolution was killed the second he got into power , in the same way after the french revolution , napoleon got into power . 
  depends on what you define as `` corruption '' . 
  the ussr bureaucracy as an entity was corrupt to its core and betrayed everybody . 
  not a politician 's natural behaviour ... 
  the elites are so disassociated from the people , all they care about is tricking people into voting for them . 
  get your head out of your ass and stop engaging conversation like a 4 year old . 
  either assert your position based on facts or shut up . 
  quotes and `` oh wow i do n't believe you just said that '' do not count as facts . 
  you do n't have any kind of intellectual highground when you assert feminism is `` neo-marxist '' ( do you even know what that is ? 
  ) , that the political spectrum is from liberal to conservative and that something being peer reviewed ( oh wow , a * peer review * ! ), 
  automatically makes it an authority on anything , or even correct in its premise . 
  do you even know how peer reviewing works ? 
   it assumes a position and tries to gather evidence . 
  you mean how literally everything else works ? 
  people make an observation , they then assert that it is true and attempt to gather evidence and form a theory to support that assertion . 
  if they can not , then the assertion is false . 
  there is a very clear and logically consistent theory to patriarchy . 
  there is also a lot to support this theory . 
   you mean like more women than men being in university ? 
  and why are more men not in university ? 
  probably because they 've been encouraged to go work in order to make money . 
  why are men encouraged to do that and not women ? 
  because under a society of ** patriarchy ** the men are * expected * to do this as they are the `` bread winners '' or are expected simply to work earlier than women are . 
  patriarchy is not explicitly about oppression of this gender or that . 
  it 's about the social constructs of any given society that dictate the behaviour of * both * men and women . 
  it just so happens that it favours men * more often * than women , but both are constrained nonetheless . 
   patriarchy is defined as a society or government in which men hold the power , where women are largely excluded , and where power is normatively used for male gain . 
  patriarchy as a form of government can be defined as this , but not patriarchy of feminist theory , though i 'm sure arguments for both can be made . 
  yes . 
  it 's not about who 's in power , it 's about what the social constructs are , and it affects both men and women in how their behaviour is shaped . 
  it 's clearly a blurred line but there 's a * shit tonne * more that should be done to * un * blur it and every time someone plays dumb about the problem with the democratic deficit in the eu is just another time someone idealistically defends a very flawed institution . 
  the people put in place by appointment , by people who were appointed by other people who somewhere down the line had a vote cast in a ballot for them . 
  how many hops away from the ballot box does power have to travel for it to be undemocratic ? 
  re : stalinism , i do n't think you really understand here . 
  it was working exactly as was intended . 
  a large state apparatus working under the purview of an unaccountable , unquestionable bureaucracy . 
  stalin 's ideas were intended to be a transition stage between moving away from capitalism and achieving the `` rulerless , oppressionless , equal society '' . 
  it clearly failed . 
  but its intention was never to * be * what you described ... arguably its intention was never to even work towards what you described , contrary to my earlier point . 
  so , if you 're looking at the `` it 's great in theory but failed in practice '' thing , it does n't really work here . 
  stalin 's ideas were awful in theory and in practice . 
  back then this is what the rational scientists believed in . 
  the nazi party was n't just a load of backwards hillbillies , there were doctors , engineers , researchers , all kinds of very professional , very educated people , and there was nothing particularly special about the idea of racial superiority ... 
  it was the same everywhere in western europe . 
  the nazis just took it to its logical conclusion .
