  it 's actually a good way in many developed countries for working class people to get a reasonable income with little to no education . 
  and on top of that , it 's not like no country on the planet does not have poverty to certain degrees . 
  poland is a fast growing economy , it is still developing . 
  i would n't say that , they barely have ammunition for 24 pieces as it is . 
  logistics is a fundamentally core ability of any military . 
  you might as well disarm if you have none . 
  no man see muslims are a `` privileged minority '' !, 
  i doubt this guy has left his upper middle class neighbourhood once , let alone got out of school to get a grip on what the world is like . 
  to people like him there 's this giant invasion of some scary brown people , despite there being no evidence to support the wild claim that muslims are coming over here to impose archaic laws . 
  `` privileged minority '' , lol, 
   would ww2 have happened ? 
  probably not , one of the primary catalysts for world war ii was the treaty of versailles . 
  well , maybe it would have , but with a totally different set piece . 
  they do n't like these kinds of questions . 
   yeah this is shoking the muslims have their own area and they want to creat their own laws there . 
  what , you mean like a dozen people ? 
  this is hardly surprising , nato and the russian federation were cooperating all the time in political and military matters . 
  relations only started to truly sour around the libyan intervention . 
  journalists get killed and taken hostage all the time . 
  fuck , the 4 french journalists that were held for a year in syria just got freed this week . 
  it 's a very dangerous job no matter who you 're working for . 
  vice makes a point of getting into the nitty gritty and bringing us real news on the ground , which is why i admire them so much . 
  i hope the guy 's ok . 
  of course * radical * islam should be dealt with , so long as people can differentiate between normal , peaceful practitioners and crazy durka-durka-mohammad-jihad practitioners . 
  because when you target the first type , all you do is create more of the second type . 
  on top of which , radical islam is not the only problem . 
  zionism and radical christians are just as bad , if not as prevailant . 
  on a side note ; did n't tony 's sister convert to islam ? 
   sorry being pedantic here ... not sure we should assume women are the abusers of men . 
  seems likely that some men were abused by other men . 
  domestic violence rates between men and women are roughly the same in terms of who 's the abuser . 
  there 's just a much stronger stigma against men coming out and getting help . 
  somewhere in north america , even today there 's tonnes of pretty much idle land they could build on . 
  the other jews were already there , living peacefully . 
  they would n't need to go anywhere . 
  anyone who has either seen or held a rifle in their life would be able to tell that 's an air rifle . 
   dublin - detroit we 're more boston . 
  if you want detroit , look a little further north . 
  when they sort out their rampant human right 's abuses , society of ultranationalism and discrimination , and stop occupying palestine , then and only then , would it be over my dead body . 
  they were already there . 
  `` countries ratifying must also establish services such as hotlines , shelters , medical services , counselling , and legal aid . '', 
  no doubt , all for women . 
  no such thing as a publicly funded men 's shelter . 
  with that said , anything that reduces violence for anyone is good , so long as it is n't done at the expense of other people 's well being . 
  i 'm sure if this is a law geared towards only women , a law for men will come in its own time when people become aware of the issues . 
   way to misrepresent his entire argument . 
  if something is yours the way mr. farage 's job is , you , rather he , can hire anyone he wants to help him . 
  what 's wrong with hiring family ? 
  what 's wrong with hiring his fucking wife ? 
  well , actually , on the tax payer 's money that 's nepotism and arguably corruption . 
  i do n't know how things are done where you 're from , but it 's generally frowned upon to secure public sector jobs for family members . 
  secondly , the entire argument behind farage 's anti-immigration stance is that europeans are coming over and taking british jobs . 
  had he not given this * public sector job * to his * german * *** wife *** , it could 've went to a briton . 
  the reporter was highlighting the irony of the fact farage claims to care so much about foreigners taking jobs while he goes away and gives a job to a foreigner . 
  way to totally not understand a single thing about the entire interview . 
  well , let 's not pretend none of us saw that coming . 
  not bothered finding one now , [ wikipedia will probably have one ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_sea#radioactivity ), 
  well she 's * white * , so obviously it 's different , duh . 
   like i said , i apologize for the comparison to ireland . 
  it was a shitty analogy and one that does n't fit the context . 
  the analogy is fine in the context i 'm currently using it . 
  the point being made is that a devolved government is not the same as self-government . 
   than all spaniards have a say . 
  again , that 's infringement on the right to self-determination . 
  let france have a referendum on luxembourg 's independence . 
  all luxembourg votes `` yes '' . 
  all of france votes `` no '' . 
  luxembourg then becomes part of france . 
  does that make any sense ? 
   but spain still has a population of 40,000,000 people . 
  it 's incredibly de-centralized , the autonomous communities are some of the most autonomous in the word with wide-ranging powers and a say in government . 
  but there is still nonetheless a difference . 
  had ireland not fought for independence , the ireland of 1918 would be radically different to the ireland of 1949 , in the range of powers they had . 
  one would 've been devolved government within the united kingdom , the other would be a fully independent republic of ireland . 
  it is like the difference between scotland and england . 
  and at the end of the day , the parliaments is still ultimately subject to the central government . 
   they are represented , democratically and fairly . 
  there is nothing fairer and more accurately representative than self-government . 
   catalonia is not the only part of spain , and both figuratively and literally , i am not wrong for calling it a part of spain . 
  it absolutely is currently a part of spain . 
  should they unilaterally declare independence , that changes . 
  i do n't understand why government owned roads would be rendered unusable if someone declared his private property independent . 
  what 's a crazy guy gon na do for 6 months with no electricity or water , confined to his house ? 
   if the irish public did n't support north ireland 's independence and the treaties , there would still be trouble right now and the ira would n't be the shell of it 's former self that it is . 
  and they would be categorically wrong , in the same manner stormont was wrong to deny those in derry and tyrone the right to change to the south . 
   it was done with the consultation of both countries . 
  ireland had a heavy say , a heavy influence , on the process . 
  so with that in mind , this is still spain , there are still tens of millions of more spanish citizens who want a say in their country 's fate , in their country 's future . 
  they had input but * never * final say . 
  final say is and always has been with the people of northern ireland . 
  reunification requires ratification of a referendum of * both * the people of the north and the republic . 
   if we do n't give a country this benefit , than what the fuck is the point of a country ? 
  why do we recognize them as sovereign ? 
  why was territorial integrity such a vital part of the budapest memorandum ? 
  respect of the territorial integrity from the signatories of the memorandum . 
  * foreign * countries . 
   the only people this is between is catalonians and spaniards . 
  it 's both of their countries whether you like it or not ; whether some catalonians like it or not . 
  and the catalonians will have the final say in * their * future , whether spain likes it or not . 
  you do n't understand me .
