  i mean is supporters that insist on bringing violence to the streets . 
  a lot of people think `` muslim '' when they see these people , in reality they are fighting kurds , who are also muslim . 
  so i do n't feel the need to target a specific demographic , just is supporters . 
  they need to be stamped out . 
  i agree 100 %, 
  these people need to be put down . 
  yeah , the iraqis are really reaping the benefits from being america 's well-paid bitch right about now . 
   of course , it 's always the big bad turk who is responsible for everything . 
  so you 're saying turkey is not oppressing the kurdish people and has not and does not commit human rights abuses against the kurdish population ? 
  i 'll chalk that crock of shit right up there with denying the armenian genocide . 
  clever strategy from russia . 
  train the minorities , when the time comes , incite them to rebel and arm them . 
  even the threat of such a situation is a powerful political tool . 
  i 'd be pretty impressed if they were n't such a load of imperialist dicks . 
  [ the only other one i found is this ] ( http://www.todayszaman.com/national_feud-between-pkk-and-huda-par-stokes-fears-of-bloody-years-in-90s_361154.html ) , a paper that is aligned to a moderate islamist movement . 
  i do n't doubt that the event itself happened . 
  i 'd almost say charles haughey . 
  but really , they 're both such sacks of shit that i 'd hate them more or less equally . 
  i did n't know h\u00fcda-par was an ngo , op . 
  is that what turkey calls far right sunni fundamentalist groups when they happen to be opposed to the pkk ? 
  spain , and catalonia in particular , has a very strong tradition of anarchism and syndicalism . 
  i doubt the far left there have any interest in a strong central government . 
  on the contrary ; we 're often in favour of freedom of movement of labour because capital transcends borders . 
  if labour can not be free to move , and capital can , then that just creates more problems of labour . 
  while i have mixed feelings on the eu , the general opposition to it is , as you said , its neoliberal nature in that it solidifies to economic and political status quo . 
  institutionally , the left does not recognize liberal democracy as democratic at all , but rather a system in which the wealthy are protected and empowered through a facade of democracy , and as such any institutions such as the eu that protect liberal democracy are to be opposed . 
  on the other hand , the eu has brought many good things with it . 
  the oversight is a double edged sword - while it does the things i mentioned above , it also helps workers through the free movement of labour , it also helps somewhat in regards to labour rights , and it 's a practice in international cooperation - and internationalism is important to us . 
  i think the most rational answer i 've seen to the `` in or out '' question for us is `` it depends on the material conditions of the member states '' . 
  lets take ireland for example , if ireland was what we call a `` class conscious '' society and the only thing holding it back from going socialist was the eu , the answer would simply be to leave the eu . 
  however , if at the same time there were countries all across the eu that were experiencing the same thing , then the decision might be to stay within the eu and make the whole thing socialist . 
  so , if someone were to put a gun to my head , and me viewing the eu as it is now , and made me decide `` in or out '' , i would stay in , as leaving the eu would not advance my country towards socialism , nor would staying in be detrimental . 
  sounds like she was just really careless and incompetent throughout the whole thing - did n't treat the virus with respect . 
  i 've seen it come up a place i 've frequented before . 
  either on / r/europe or on / r/socialism . 
  edit : just checked , it 's been mentioned on both it appears . 
  in terms of politicians that are still revered and who still have an ideological following , i 'd say [ james connolly ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/james_connolly ) , who was executed in 1916 . 
  other than that , i 'd say one of the people most widely admired is michael collins - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/michael_collins_ ( irish_leader ) - who essentially went to negotiate with rebels knowing they 'd try to kill him , because he wanted to `` take the gun out of irish politics '' . 
  quite a shift from the portfolio of `` minister for gun-running , daylight robbery , and general mayhem '' in terms of very recent politicians , i 'd say [ garret the good ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/garret_fitzgerald ) was widely admired by friend and foe alike , and played an integral part in the peace process in northern ireland , and was a far more socially liberal politician than even current politicians in power today . 
  well , i did n't have to scroll very far to find a highly upvoted blatantly racist comment . 
  you never disappoint , europe . 
  yes , the pkk has done bad things , including bombing attacks on civilian targets . 
  i do n't deny this reality at all . 
  it 's bad and i strongly disagree with these types of attacks . 
  but i 've said this before for many other organizations labelled as terrorist ; the use of violence in the pursuit of national liberation is not a crime . 
  the term `` terrorist '' is a term used by the powerful to demonize the weak who they ignore and force into violence in the first place . 
  let us assess the pkk as a military organization within an occupied state - which it would view itself as - and assess their actions within that context . 
  even if we were to take into account the pkk 's actions in the past , ocalan has reviewed the organization 's ideological basis and has advocated as more moderated approach , and the pkk 's activities within turkey in the past few years can not be described as that of a terror organization with almost every single operation carried out by the pkk being against military or government targets . 
  this change in mode of operation should at the least remove them from the list of `` terrorist organizations '' if we were to label terrorists as those who target civilians . 
  actually , yes , that 's usually why national liberation groups get labelled as terrorists - because they annoy important people . 
  you think propaganda is a conspiracy ? 
  propaganda is a fact of life . 
  ignore it to your own ignorance . 
  there 's no `` wake up sheeple '' about it , though you can spew thought-terminating-clich\u00e9s in the defense of oppression all you like . 
  where 's the conspiracy here ? 
  the turkish government have n't been secretive about oppressing turkish-kurdistan , regardless of how much people love to conveniently ignore it . 
  is that the propaganda herr erdo\u011fan feeds you these days ? 
  not surprised , must take a lot of bullshit to justify the suppression of the kurdish people for decades on end . 
  fair points . 
  `` terrorist '' is just a term for `` people who oppose the political establishment '' the pkk are as much terrorists as virtually every national liberation movement ever to exist ... 
  they are all labeled terrorists . 
  the only reason we call them terrorists is because turkey is in nato and bitched until we did . 
   the groups fighting the foreign occupation forces were religious in nature ya , i 'm sure those quarter of a million unemployed ex-military ba'athists had nothing to do with it . 
  the religious nature of the insurgency against the occupation forces is exaggerated . 
  were their strong islamist elements ? 
  yes . 
  but very large amounts of them were not . 
  even now , in isis , are secular former ba'athist commanders and soldiers fighting . 
   must be the american crowd . 
  i see europeans say this shit far more than americans . 
  the kurds have been fighting for national liberation in turkey for decades . 
  the treatment of the kurds by the turkish government is conveniently overlooked . 
  yes , because the only reason an iraqi would not like a foreign occupying military force would be religion ... 
  \\  turkish \\  calls pkk terrorists colour me surprised . 
  as long as you can afford it ... 
  for the fada , ctrl + alt + letter \u00e9 \u00e1 \u00fa \u00ed \u00f3, 
  i have to unfortunately agree with this assessment . 
  kenny is the embodiment of everything wrong with irish politics - corruption , cronyism , flip flopping , and everything in between - but he 's also the best guy we 've had in a long time . 
  my only fear is what parasite is going to replace him and who 's going to form the new government , because frankly i despise all fianna f\u00e1il , fine gael , labour and sinn f\u00e9in , though if i were to take any of them it 'd be the shinners . 
  business as usual , then . 
  `` bodily fluids '' can be inhaled as well . 
  the man in the front was n't really in much danger , but if he had nothing and in a confined space he 'd have a very high chance of infection . 
  i nominally consider myself of a nationality only insofar as it 's relevant to a subject matter . 
  as an identifier , i do n't have one , and i feel like that 's helped frame my perception of the world . 
  edit : / r/postnationalist, 
  weirdo, 
  of course not . 
  advocating shooting of immigrants because they 're immigrants makes them racist . 
  also being pro-european migration but anti-anywhere else makes you a racist - and many people who are against african migration fit into this category due to their fabrication of a non-existent `` european culture '' , as fascist and nazi organizations have done in the past . 
  race is a side point ; you are saying their life is worth less than someone else 's because they were born somewhere else . 
   the people in our hospitals are our citizens . 
  so you 're saying the life of a black person is worth less than the life of a white person ? 
   why are n't you in africa helping the dying there ? 
   why are n't you donating all the money you can to help these people ? 
  i have done all of these things . 
  but your shitty strawman arguments do n't cover up your poorly veiled racism . 
  your insistence that on the basis of location of birth that someone 's life is worth less than another is nothing short of racism and ethnic ultranationalism and has no logical basis in which to exist in the 21st century . 
  here 's the thing by the way , genius , hospitals do n't discriminate based on race and citizenship like you do . 
  ya guys , shooting immigrants because they 're immigrants is *** definitely *** not racially motivated . 
  the venn diagram between `` those who oppose rescuing immigrants '' and `` those who are racist '' is a circle of 100 % overlap .
