  it 's not as radical left as some may think . 
  maybe as a border ( at the founding of the russian sfr , not the deportation period ) , but that area has been occupied by tatars within russia for centuries . 
  they 're fairly integrated with russia . 
  how old were you in the ussr ? 
  yeah , the population simply does not stop caring after two major wars . 
  i forgot to add it 's an x-post / r/socialism, 
  the sauds are essentially the benefactors of wahhabism . 
  it 's an extremist , ultraconservative , puritanical movement . 
  yes . 
  i can never find the xkcds i want . 
  instead of asking ourselves why the homeless spikes exist , we should ask ourselves why there are homeless people forced to sleep in a porch . 
  in the interim , yeah , they should be removed . 
  but that 's not a solution to the problem . 
  if you want foreign nationals to be educated and work in your country , then simply force them into a contract . 
  some other countries do the reverse - send them abroad , pay for their entire education and life for a few years , but force them to come back and work for a period of time . 
  i know a few kuwaiti friends that are here studying to be doctors for that reason . 
   what does `` eu reform '' even mean though ? 
  well , we might finally find out after this meeting . 
  there 's a relevant xkcd for this . 
  something about if a 1 man religion adds 10 people it 's the fastest growing movement . 
  the muslim brotherhood in places like egypt does it all the time and they are qatari funded . 
  of course , with them being ruled illegal in more and more places by dictatorships and military rulers , it 's hard for them to continue doing so . 
  and as / u/houad said , hamas in palestine - which is actually a very militant branch of the muslim brotherhood . 
  just because something is a fallacy does not mean it is wrong . 
  that statement in of itself is a fallacy . 
  commonly practiced islam is based on common interpretation of the qur ` an . 
  the tenants and rules of islam are enshrined in the qur ` an as the literal word of god . 
  you can not simply say that if 80 % of muslims do a non-islamic thing as laid down in the qur ` an , that that thing is now accepted islamic practice . 
  that is simply not so and goes against the literal word of god . 
  these are n't the most important things in islam . 
  obviously they are part and parcel of being a truly dedicated muslim , but if you drink and eat pork and so on , but are a muslim in every other way , it 's not a big deal . 
  absolutely . 
  as a former muslim ( not against islam specifically , just do n't believe in religion anymore ) , wahhabist preachings are one of the very few things that should be utterly stamped out without mercy . 
  gb did n't stand alone at all . 
   the us defeated japan almost single-handedly . 
  no you did n't . 
  at all . 
  the british empire and dutch were a massive part of that war effort , not to mention the chinese . 
  the americans did n't even `` almost '' single-handedly beat anyone . 
  without america the western allies would 've been boned , nobody doubts , but trying to say the war in the pacific was all american is like saying the only troops on d-day were american . 
  they provided all the logistics that the ussr needed to move around . 
  the soviets produced tanks and guns , but no rails or trains . 
  haikus are kind of a thing for van rompuy . 
  i do n't understand why . 
  something about peace and solace . 
  this has nothing to do with the israeli-arab conflict . 
  they actively discriminate against african born black jews . 
  hmmm you probably know more about this than me , so i 'll take your word for it . 
  in which case , it sounds like a good thing . 
  there is no `` grey area '' over how israel treats other ethnic groups than white jew . 
  discrimination is actively legal , legislated and encouraged in israel , something which would see the entire world denounce them if it was anyone else . 
  despite that , the us has more debt as a % of gdp than france ... 
  but then how can a 111 year old man the oldest in the world ? 
  right . 
  women . 
  it 's like staring into a portal to an alternate reality . 
  it has absolutely no short term benefit for us at all . 
  in fact it is economically detrimental , i think everyone realizes that . 
  in the long term is alleviates a whole host of problems that come with being a developed country ; population shrinkage being a big one . 
  these immigrants will have families , their children will grow up in our education system and provide skilled labour . 
  or if some of them do n't , they 'll provide unskilled labour with the millions of other unskilled european labourers . 
  on top of this , this is as much a humanitarian issue as it is an economic one . 
  even more so , really . 
  denial of asylum is a violation of human rights . 
  repatriation of illegals ? 
  not so much , but if you ship illegals back - which will be a costly endeavor in of itself - they 'll be stranded , absolutely destitute and will more than likely try and find a way back here or simply die or end up in jail or turning to crime wherever we dump them . 
  this is nothing more than another wave of mass immigration that europe has been under for a long , long , ** long ** time , long before europe 's internal open borders policy was even a thing . 
  and we 're still going strong . 
  so it is sustainable . 
  the only non-sustainable policy here is the unfair division of load . 
  the southern states are not going to be able to handle the problem on their own , and what 's happening right now is that according to international law , asylum seekers ( etc. ), 
  must be handled in the country they first end up in . 
  this is usually the likes of greece , italy and spain . 
  we need to have our own internal system of handling these asylum seekers where we can actually share the load in proportion to economic strength , size , population and so on , so that already-struggling states do n't get swamped . 
  you advocate sending asylum seekers back on boats where they 'll die . 
  a violation of international agreed upon human rights . 
  you do n't give a fuck about the human costs of your selfish policies . 
  `` wannabe murderer '' is an apt name , though you may not see it that way . 
   fyrom will never join the eu as long as greece is in it . 
  we can accept austerity and a great depression but we will never accept this country that spits on greece on a daily basis . 
   also they will not even exist by 2050 , after their war with albania . 
  so no point in even bothering . 
   putin offered a tripartite deal to usa/eu that ukraine could take part in eu and eurasian union , to make ukraine wealthy and a symbol of east/west friendship . 
   nope . 
  time to send in a bunch of american psycho types with the face of a pitbull . 
   your country is fucked if these stooges are the best you can take out for a situation like that . 
  \\ #thingsneutrolgreeksays, 
   look , i understand how shitty their lives are , i really do i doubt it , you filthy wannabe murderer . 
  neither is systemic violation of human rights . 
  i 'd rather that european value than a europe filled with filthy racists like you . 
  it 's brigading . 
  notice how any thread that has to do with immigrants is either posted by or filled with accounts that are just created today . 
  what 's embarrassing is that / r/europe upvotes that shit . 
  i 'm starting to save and note 0-day accounts that post on / r/europe just so i can start highlighting how much of a problem this is becoming . 
  ah , it 's great to see 0-day / pol / accounts being upvoted . 
  that 's illegal . 
  also , if they get into european territorial waters , it 's a violation of human rights to send them back . 
  i do n't think she 'll kick him out , but i think when the public sees him denouncing her and marine dismissing or ridiculing her father , they 'll get an impression that she is not running the same party he was and that she 's running an entirely different fn now . 
  allow me to put on some tinfoil , but i would n't be surprised if this was an organized attempt from the two of them , just to show that marine does not agree with her father 's ( the former leader ) views , kind of `` normalizing '' fn in the public eye . 
  no , he 's just a fucking clown .
