  if we were fucking puppet states of the us , we would n't even be pursuing our own ambitions - which , by the way , the us is helping us with all the time . 
  and if you never see disagreement between us both , then all i can say is open your fucking eyes , all you need to do is look at recent trade talks . 
  tl ; dr do n't be a fucking moron and i wont have a reason to `` rant '' . 
  we 'll see with the next election . 
  ok , so i 'm looking at some bullshit about workers being the guys who should be in charge of everything . 
  so , nothing on how they would implement communism ? 
  what are their solutions precisely ? 
  because rhetoric is empty ramblings and i 'd rather hear the ravings of a madman , then i might actually be entertained rather than annoyed . 
  right sector is effectively a criminal enterprise with a political front . 
  it does n't surprise me at all one of them got wasted by the cops . 
  if you 're getting mugged and all they 're taking is your wallet , you do n't tell them about the money in your shoes . 
  do n't give them an excuse to hurt you any further . 
  16 out of 192 were against the motion declaring it illegitimate . 
  100 were in favour . 
  the rest undecided . 
  the sum total of those against that motion is 310 million , half of which are russian puppet states , the other half of which are dealing with major civil disturbance of civil wars . 
  precisely ** 1/16 ** the number of people you said it was . 
  sounds like you 're full of shit , but then again i 'm not surprised . 
  retard , maybe learn to do some fucking maths . 
  they are all byproducts of nationalism or work in the same vein of thought . 
  yes . 
  smaller populations are easier to represent . 
  and on a private premises everyone should absolutely have the right to do that . 
  personally i 'm a fan of the randomized lot . 
  government seizes the assets of the person , they get the seat in parliament for a term , the better a country does the more value is added to the person 's assets at the end of their term . 
  of course , not exactly a democracy as there 's no real vote , just representation based on demographic . 
   the bbc are not best pleased by this development . 
  i do n't blame them . 
  without public funding , it makes them a slave to ratings and private investors . 
  ep y u no disband union, 
  the whole point of specifically avoiding that is to prevent conflict of interests . 
  the majority of the muslim population in europe is in france or iberia . 
  in france they 're treated like shit and are poor/live in ghettos . 
  in those situations , crime easily festers and spreads . 
  or , if you find the right audience , extremism and religion . 
  til wanting to fix problems is pc . 
  i 'm in ireland and i cover the majority of my head with a scarf and hood most days ( i 'm an irish male ) , and yet i doubt if there was a law out there intended to remove burqas etc. 
  because they `` cover the face '' that i 'd be able to keep on trucking doing what i was always doing . 
  is there a way these people could be identified and an interpol arrest warrant be given , just so they do n't try to come back to europe ? 
  so if a woman gets raped it 's her fault for being attractive ? 
  there 's no way it could have been compatible with the customs union , russia drafted the agreement so it * could n't be * . 
  you 're acting as if we 're threatening and bullying people . 
  we offer them a better alternative . 
  they take it or they do n't * of their own will * . 
  norway , switzerland , turkey , iceland * all * neighbours and * none * of them are in the eu , of their own volition . 
  and we accept that . 
  we do n't * like * it but it is * their * country and * they * make the final decision . 
  russia , in contrast , offers nothing but being under the thumb of a neighbouring imperialist regional power that pumps money into corrupt governments , and a few choice trade deals with a nation that ca n't even compete with the eu 's trade power . 
  who the fuck do you think they 'd pick out of the two of us ? 
  and when they finally pick the eu , russia ca n't handle that shit and you get situations like now . 
  because unlike russia we do n't see the need to militarily interfere in internal affairs unless there 's a serious danger of things like ethnic cleansing or genocide . 
  and even then it is avoided if possible . 
  we gave them 11bn euros . 
  we 're not made of money . 
  ah , yes , you 're correct . 
  poor reading on my part . 
  turkey would be ( is ) a great geopolitical ally in the region . 
  they exert a lot of influence , they 're essential to controlling the black sea , and they have a significant military . 
  i do n't see them being booted out of nato but i do see nato members starting to exert diplomatic pressure if he ca n't even keep a damn secret . 
  edit ; ah , the word `` some '' would have been great to have somewhere in the title . 
  not an embargo , but some pretty serious shit regardless . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  yeah , the ethnic russians can be seen as a liability . 
  but we do not punish people for crimes they have not committed . 
  i have a nice -12 next to his name . 
  i do n't need to read a blog to see a giant fucking retard . 
  well , they can be liabilities , but not through any fault of their own . 
  shit . 
  why * are * we in crisis ? 
  spain asks the important questions . 
  honestly , what is the point in the open borders and freedom of movement in the eu if we 're just going to restrict it anyways ? 
  i 'm surprised belarus did n't abstain . 
  the first one . 
  it looks to me like they 're saying they would attack the turkish population in syria and say it was actually the syrians attacking the turks , and use that as a pretext for war . 
  and the response was that they 've `` done it before '' . 
  so they 've either done it already in syria or they 're thinking of another situation ( cyprus ? ), 
  oh , go ahead enlightened one , seeing as you 're so in the know i 'd love to be corrected . 
  when it happens in the eu i 'm sure we 'll let you know . 
  yeah , it 's not like all the russian press that is n't owned by the kremlin is n't black listed or anything . 
  a lot of ht arguments are saying they should n't join because `` they 're muslim '' so it 's easy for people to just automatically associate `` no turkey in eu '' with that . 
  false flag operation , as in they 've attacked the turks in syria . 
   i expected a bit more from the bbc . 
  there was your mistake . 
   we did it before . 
   for centuries british dominion in ireland gave rise to unrest which finally erupted into violence with the easter rising of 1916 , when independence was proclaimed . 
  hah ... yeah , there was * a lot * of violence long before 1916 . 
  and yet british commanders said they would use it if the germans landed on the beaches of britain . 
  using nerve gas is just a weapon of mass murder , it wont radically change the outcome of a war if you 're on the verge of defeat , you will still lose and they will still win . 
  a nuke is a totally different animal . 
  the whole situation depends on how you identify . 
  i identify as european . 
  i see the eu as a political union , the only future for which is federalisation . 
  i 'm also of the belief that we are all stronger together than we are alone . 
  so with all that in mind , a european military only seems like common sense . 
  would the us military be so powerful if it was split up into 50 individual militaries , each of which acted independently from one another ? 
  no , and in the times where that * was * the case , it allowed for a division that lead to a civil war . 
  i do n't want that to happen within the union . 
  on top of that , as it stands right now the eu is a paper tiger . 
  it has no hard power and it can not ever compel action by its member states . 
  for all intents and purposes , when it comes to foreign policy , europe is * divided * , and that is not good .
