  3 billion people are n't ever going to try make it to the eu and that 's a slippery slope argument . 
  our immigration rates right now are absolutely sustainable , it just requires a new approach to the matter that is n't increased backwards isolation , which wont work . 
  we need to share the load , collectively . 
  not necessarily by transporting migrants from a to b , but by at the very least having each state pay into a collective fund . 
  this issue has too long been left to southern europe to take alone and we need to have a eu-wide piece of legislation to handle this issue , create new systems and reform certain conventions . 
  the number of illegal migrants into the eu each year , when taken with the grand scheme of things ( 5 + million people born here a year with a population of 517 million to start with ) , is * not that big * . 
  the problem is that countries that are currently struggling economically are being hit with the increased flux right now . 
  in the pre-recession years this would n't have been as big of an issue . 
  however , europe when unified can economically handle this level of immigrants no problem . 
  we need to approach this with a unified stance . 
  and yeah , it a ` int gon na be the easy life/good life for them when they get over here , but would you rather be in egypt , libya , syria , lebanon , car , somalia , the congo , nigeria , etc. 
  and be poor there , or would you rather be poor here ? 
  yeah man , forcing people to turn around into extreme abject poverty , war , starvation , disease , and rampant crime is great and absolutely the most objectively moral thing we as human beings can do . 
  absolutely . 
  i ca n't see any possible negatives for them , in fact we 're doing them a favour !, 
  i do n't think you understand what `` selfish '' means . 
  use a dictionary next time . 
  this is / r/europe , huh ? 
  how about you can suck my balls . 
  i understand , absolutely . 
  france is n't el dorado that can provide everything for everyone . 
  i strongly believe in a shared immigration responsibility across the eu , either through directly taking immigrants or through a collective fund that all states pay into . 
  but the reality is , these people * need our help * . 
  it 's not a matter of `` we want your shit '' , it 's a matter of `` if i do n't get help , very bad things are going to start happening to me '' . 
  and to me it 's genuinely a question of ; are we willing to experience a bit of discomfort to care for our fellow man , or are we going to reject our past , ignore conventions , and ignore the realities of the world outside europe ( realities we helped create in a very real sense ) and cut ourselves off in a socially backwards fashion ? 
  that is the question to me . 
  it is not a matter of `` how much ? '', 
  to me and i , no offense to you , think it is a very fundamentally selfish attitude to take to oppose them on financial grounds . 
  * obviously * if they come here and start committing crimes and so on , just deport them , but these are real human beings that , in another world , could have been you or me . 
  it 's our human obligation to care for those in need , and it 's also ignoring the potential benefits in the long term . 
   do you find it normal that some dudes illegally enter a country and then ask for all the advantages this country has to offer ? 
  this is why i keep calling people fucking stupid . 
  this is n't what 's happening . 
  yes . 
  it 's also easy sharing the load and not being a fundamentally selfish piece of shit . 
  but hey , that 's just me . 
  greens hate fusion research ? 
  lol that 's moronic . 
  they 'll never get my vote . 
  fusion energy production is both mythical and the ultimate solution . 
  alot of nuclear bombs ( the biggest ones ) are essentially fusion reactions , so we have already achieved fusion . 
  the problem is that we have no way to efficiently control it , hence its use as a weapon , as the uncontrollable reaction yields a nuclear explosion . 
  if we can manage to control the reaction so that the fusion produces more energy than we use controlling it , fusion becomes a viable energy source . 
  the problem is that we 've been hitting away at that problem now for the guts of a century and we still are n't much closer today than when we started . 
  so , a lot of people think we should just drop it . 
  however , the temptation is just far too strong . 
  if we were to achieve feasible fusion power production , a 2 litre bottle of heavy water could power a country like ireland for weeks . 
  we would n't need to worry about energy production for centuries , and that 's assuming we do n't found out a way to produce fuel for fusion artificially ( which we probably will , but i 'm getting ahead of myself ) . 
  so , really , if we just keep looking into fusion research and nothing comes up , we 'll have wasted hundreds of billions . 
  but if we keep going and we get results ... that 's * big * . 
  that 's not an international agreement and ukraine was dumb as fuck to give up it 's nuclear weapons without a signed treaty . 
  a memorandum is like a pinky promise , it is n't binding to anything . 
  i 'd watch them fight in a colosseum . 
  everyone wins . 
  maybe / r/european will officially affiliate with / r/islamunveiled , given that they were started by the same person , after all . 
  it 's funny that people like you think you 're so intelligent and clever with your little edgy statements . 
  you have no clue . 
  you just do n't realize exactly how fucking stupid you are . 
  so , i 'll leave you to your delusions . 
  they 're not asking for paradise and it 's the fact that virtually everybody is saying that is why i said my comment in the first place . 
  read the article . 
  they have * nowhere to live * . 
  the shacks they put up ? 
  torn down by the government . 
  no food , no water , no shelter . 
  no fucking wonder they want to set themselves on fire . 
  they 're stuck in aide camps living in shitty conditions . 
  do you tell people who are victims of humanitarian disasters `` tough shit '' when they lose their houses and all their belongings ? 
  no , you say `` damn , let 's help them out ! '' . 
  this is the same thing . 
  these are humanitarian refugees . 
  they come here , from countries where they 're oppressed , in the middle of war , starving , dying of disease , whatever , and they come here to try and avoid that and live . 
  it 's a humanitarian migration . 
  but all people need to do is attach the word `` immigrant '' to them and start spewing baseless , unfounded *** shit *** about them and all of a sudden they 're parasites and leeches looking to come take our jobs and steal our taxes . 
  they 're not asking for everything , they 're asking for * anything * . 
  we have one of the highest immigrant populations in europe . 
  higher than denmark , actually . 
  try and teach yourself a little something before spewing dumbass shit . 
  nope . 
  itt : people who have no fucking clue what it 's like to have nothing . 
  keep judging these people from your middle class homes behind your computer screens , you 're * surely * fully equipped with the expertise . 
  nationalists . 
  please invest in eastern poland . 
  ibtimes is wildly anti-american and i do n't trust a thing it says . 
  oil simply is n't the motive . 
  there 's very little infrastructure , the us has extremely large oil reserves and zero shortage of domestically produced oil ( in fact , it exports it ) , the us already has iraq and saudi arabia as well as the likes of nigeria and other smaller oil producers . 
  i do n't deny that there was a selfish motive to the intervention , but more than likely it was because ghadaffi was rabidly anti-western and actively funded terrorism and they saw a way to get rid of him . 
  you realize putin was a member of the kgb for the guts of 30 years ? 
  he 's not 19 years old , he 's very much a member of the old soviet elite and you need to remember the soviet union when discussing modern russia . 
   what happened to peaceful protest . 
  come on i wasnt born yesterday . 
  hard to have a peaceful process when you 're getting shot by the army . 
   we all know it was an imperialist war to take their vast money and resources . 
  lol , what vast money and resources does libya have ? 
   have i forgotten about when nato ensured the ousting of a dictator and the holding of some of the first democratic elections in libya ? 
  more like they ensured a power vacuum . 
  regardless , the situation today was better than it was during the libyan revolution , which was happening regardless of nato intervention . 
  nowadays it 're more civil war lite ^ tm, 
  that militarized spot is clearly nato 's fault / s, 
  reagan was the fucking devil .
