   the western allies did n't take a chunk from czechoslovakia . 
  yeah , they only negotiated away the chunk with all the military defenses without their consent and then absolutely and utterly abandoned them when they got invaded . 
  * totally * better . 
  fucking hilarious , first mention about russia and everything 's about putin . 
  if you do n't blindly hate russia , or blindly hate everything about russian history , and do n't blindly view them as the source of all evil , you must love putin . 
  you get used to it . 
  christopher hill was more than likely on orwell 's list of fellow communists and socialists that he gave to ird back in the 40 's when he was on his deathbed . 
  politics is n't about right against left . 
  it 's about top against bottom . 
  and i 'm a power bottom ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  no , it means that countries contribute in proportion to how much they are able to contribute . 
  you do n't take more money from poorly performing countries than better performing ones . 
  it 's not rewarding or punishing economic policies because they 're * proportionate * . 
  5 % is still going to be 5 % regardless of whether it 's 1 trillion or 1 thousand . 
   nobody faces a lifetime of pain and inability to feel sexual pleasure from circumcision . 
  actually , a very large amount of the sensitivity ( and hence sexual pleasure ) is done away with after circumcision . 
  of course people who are circumcised would like to ignore that fact to make themselves feel better . 
  they 're all the same place up there , right , iceland ? 
  then you do n't know how to read . 
  not to mention the skin itself is harvested to be used elsewhere . 
  it 's a business of significant profit . 
  i honestly rarely see religion taken up in this argument . 
  and rightly so , this is about the right to bodily autonomy ... 
  religions should be made to bend to the will of the society in which they exist , as they have done so in the past . 
  because it 's an entirely punitive surgery ? 
  unless it 's a medical necessity , `` quality of life '' surgery should be left to a consenting adult . 
   still legal to fuck em . 
  so you 're telling me i have a shot ? 
  holstein was , for a long time , a contested area . 
  primarily with prussia . 
  the information and ideas about germany of the world wars era was still being researched and revised well into the 90 's . 
  it 's unsurprising football hooligans have n't wised up seeing as they 're about a half a century behind in regards to mentality . 
  is this actually a serious comment ? 
  not only is there a muslim colonial invasion , apparently the jews are orchestrating it !, 
  ah , i see , you 're a racist american that posts to / r/greatapes and / r/whiterights, 
  the owning classes , our overlords , see it fit to sell this narrative . 
  this makes labour cheaper and stirs up racial sentiment and divides people against one another , keeping us distracted from the core issues . 
  the more immigrants we let in , the more `` natives '' feel disenfranchised by a foreign population , though the reality is that we are being disenfranchised by the upper classes . 
  however , there is a modicum of legitimacy . 
  there are some jobs which machines can not do - yet . 
  europe is getting an older population and we do n't want to be in a situation like china , or to a lesser extent japan , where we have a disproportionately old population in relation to our youth . 
  however with automation making humans redundant in many other areas this should theoretically drive people towards being educated in such fields . 
  if you go out clubbing make sure you 're careful with your drinks . 
  my cousin got drugged and ended up in a pyschward after all his shit got stolen . 
  but how can you call a taxi if you 're in a foreign country and do n't know the numbers ? 
  or do you mean hail a taxi ? 
  the suppression of the hungarian revolution was a disgusting and shameful act and i hope it is one that history will not forget . 
  as trotsky said , `` a rising of the masses requires no justification '' , and the hungarian revolution was a true rising of the masses . 
  the soviets had no business interfering in the political process of any country in the defense of it 's so-called `` revolution '' , just as the russians today , or any other country on this planet has business interfering in any other part of the world in order to enforce its interests and safeguard its `` values '' . 
  it was a very brave act to do what the people of hungary did in 1956 . 
  irish asylum seeker laws are dreadful . 
  we keep them in internment camps where they 're not given any legal status and kept in limbo for years . 
  children have * grown up * in those camps . 
  the countries in the middle east and africa were drawn as they are in the 20th century . 
  they 've only been independent for a short time . 
  have you seen a single western government condemn ukraine yet ? 
  point being ? 
  `` civilized '' ? 
  wow , because * that * does n't reek of supremacism . 
  the russian empire also encompassed all of these places , and more ... 
  if ussr was internationalist they would not have had great songs about the glorious motherland or had created buffer states between itself and nato nor would it have adopted stalin 's policy of socialism in one country . 
  funny how people will complain about russia 's evil soviet empire imposing harsh regimes upon them in one breath and then in the next talk about how it is an example of internationalism that included all ethnic peoples . 
  oh wow that sounds great, 
  yeah , isolated acts of terror/propaganda by the deed really does n't further any political goals in a reasonable manner . 
  i do n't disagree , but being connected does n't necessarily mean that they have ( or , more to the point , distribute ) good information . 
  it means , more than anything , that they will tow the same line . 
  um , computer scientist here , math is really important . 
  they make kids learn all kinds of math when they 're young so that they have a basic grasp to move into more complex understanding of specific fields . 
  like free-free ? 
  no tuitions or anything ? 
  also bush . 
  and kissinger . 
  but powerful people do n't go the hague . 
  i hate our language somtimes . 
  did n't red army fraction assassinate a load of ex-nazis ? 
  how do you figure that ? 
  are you blind ? 
  where did i say the middle east is a continet . 
  give me the quote , go on , do it . 
  you ca n't because i fucking did n't and you lied . 
  let me just highlight in bold for you because you seem incapable of reading without someone holding your hands . 
   it is n't explicitly asia , ** though pretty much all of it other than most of egypt and parts of turkey is on the geographical continent of asia . 
  ** the middle east is not asia . 
  this is a simple fucking fact . 
  why ? 
  because the middle east is a * political entity * . 
  or is egypt an asian country , now ? 
  before you try be a condescending , try to cover all your bases , you know , basic things like reading . 
  learnt that in primary school . 
  it could be any number of things , or all these things together , but the schulz story seems to be the most pervasive one . 
  the differences between ireland and albania are huge . 
  is one of them not in europe ? 
  basically the latvian member that left was trying to get elected to a delegation to kazakhstan . 
  schulz told her that she had to resign from the efd group in order to become the president of the delegation , essentially forcing her to resign ( and therefore collapsing the group ) in order to pursue her goals . 
  the middle-east is its own entity that goes from egypt to iran and then from turkey to oman . 
  it is n't explicitly asia , though pretty much all of it other than most of egypt and parts of turkey is on the geographical continent of asia . 
  so , if you 're referring to `` asia '' it can mean a lot of things . 
  to refer to the middle-east as `` asia '' or `` asian '' though would be like calling russia an asian country and saying russians are asian . 
  am i the only one starting to expect the spanish inquisition ? 
  which is way further away with no actual border with the eu .
