  we were borrowing ammunition from the americans in the libya intervention . 
  american soldiers are highly trained , well equipped , generally have more combat experience , and have the american people behind them . 
  assuming we can defend ourselves in a war ... well , american troops stop a war starting in the first place . 
  that 's what we should care about . 
  tanks are force multipliers . 
  with support they 're extremely threatening . 
  their utility is definitely reduced in guerilla warfare or insurgencies , but they are still useful nonetheless . 
  an insurgent is unlikely to have an armour penetrating explosive on their person . 
  the problem with tanks is that they 're pretty slow compared to other vehicles that are used in counter insurgency operations , like apcs or ifvs , but the difference being with those vehicles is the significantly weaker armour allowing poorly equipped insurgents to damage them . 
  essentially , there 's a time and place for tanks , and there 's trade offs involved . 
  in conventional warfare , which we have n't really seen since the first gulf war , tanks are still extremely useful . 
  did n't poland design a tank recently ? 
  that wont ever work . 
  if people want to get to europe , they 'll get the europe . 
  plus , if you boot these people out , they 're more than likely dead . 
  simple as that . 
  the moroccan government will either round them up and lock them away indefinitely , shoot them , or strand them out in the desert . 
  and if they do n't do any of those , these people are absolutely destitute , have no money or resources of any kind and dumping them in a country like morocco is probably gon na end with them dying somehow . 
  why do you think when you see videos of them crossing the border into melilla they 're so ecstatic ? 
  it a ` int because they 'll be treated like angels , it 's because they get to live . 
  so , yeah . 
  unless you want to be a cruel , selfish `` human '' being , you ca n't deny these people a crossing . 
  the best bet is to do it in a manner you can observe and direct . 
  once they are there the spanish government * can * reject them , but doing so is a violation of human rights ( rejecting asylum seekers enmasse ) . 
  they also can not keep them in melilla forever , it is n't able to handle them . 
  it 's a european union issue . 
  this is the big problem with immigration ; it is not that they are coming here ( in fact i 'm proud the eu is such an attraction for so many in pursuit of happiness ) , but it is that the load is not shared equally . 
  there were a tonne of problems with the survey ( and the site itself was being problematic with results ) so i 'm going to redo it with better questions and so on , and post it again tomorrow . 
  there were a tonne of problems with the survey ( and the site itself was being problematic with results ) so i 'm going to redo it with better questions and so on , and post it again tomorrow . 
  there were a tonne of problems with the survey ( and the site itself was being problematic with results ) so i 'm going to redo it with better questions and so on , and post it again tomorrow . 
  there were a tonne of problems with the survey ( and the site itself was being problematic with results ) so i 'm going to redo it with better questions and so on , and post it again tomorrow . 
  there were a tonne of problems with the survey ( and the site itself was being problematic with results ) so i 'm going to redo it with better questions and so on , and post it again tomorrow . 
  there were a tonne of problems with the survey ( and the site itself was being problematic with results ) so i 'm going to redo it with better questions and so on , and post it again tomorrow . 
  there were a tonne of problems with the survey ( and the site itself was being problematic with results ) so i 'm going to redo it with better questions and so on , and post it again tomorrow . 
  people are concerned about the influx of immigrants into the eu . 
  this usually splits people into several camps ; one camp insists there is no immigration problem ( option 1 ) , another camp insists this problem is because of the european union , and for that , amongst other reasons , want to leave the eu ( option 2 ) , and another camp believes that the eu is a factor , but still want to remain within the eu to maintain its benefits ( option 3 ) . 
  yes , you are correct , but it 's too late to edit it now , tonnes of people have voted . 
  i do n't speak for the population , i speak for me and people who think like me , the same way anyone speaks in terms of politics . 
  but it should n't stop any of us advocating our political stances . 
  you mean that survey which showed who redditors were planning on voting for ? 
  the one where the epp came out on top ? 
  i 'll do up another post-election survey now and we 'll see how it looks . 
  i do n't react well to being exploited by the upper class and having the general population 's voices ignored in politics , but it does n't mean i send death threats to everybody that disagrees with me . 
  / r/europe generally is solidly on the centre-right , but there 's more than enough variety to keep things somewhat interesting, 
   actually , while / r/europe is a socialist 's paradise you 're joking right ? 
  this sub is dominated by the centre-right and socialists are attacked . 
  i 'm right there with you . 
  claiming you 're a socialist here gets you rabidly attacked , primarily by those from former ussr states , not that i blame them when all they knknow of socialism is the soviets . 
  i 've gotten seriously threatening pms from people . 
  agreed , i think we 'd all prefer if nobody died . 
  but fuck it , it 's essentially a war there , it 's going to keep happening , and civilians will join them . 
  asian countries are tricky . 
  most of them are heavily influenced by amrrican cultures and values . 
  for example , japan 's focus on work , work , work is taken from america , but is driven to the extreme . 
  the reality - in my opinion - is that in this day and age you will not find a non-multicultural society anymore . 
  most of those that are trying to do that are isolationist in the extreme , because it 's the only way you can prevent outside cultural influences . 
  modern culture all over europe is a classic example of the products of multiculturalism and cultural crossover . 
  because i really wan na waste my fucking time debating with a know-nothing retard that not only moderates , but * created * a hate sub ? 
  no thanks . 
  do you go onto / r/whiterights and try talk to them ? 
  [ lee hits it on the head ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f4fqdayl4gu ), 
  honestly , people need to start voting fringe . 
  i think ukip ( and it 's genuine supporters ) are huge pieces of shit , but politics has drifted *** far too much *** to the centre . 
  some good old fashion polarization need to shake things up , a lot . 
  two british muslims ran over and beheaded a soldier on leave while the fearless , white , christian british public made a circle around them and watched . 
  i 'll ask you to point me to a single , successful monocultural society . 
  well surely he has taken the `` look at both sides '' to heart , just look at / r/islamunveiled, 
   american media  facts pick one , guys . 
  well at least you do n't get [ this shit in your pms all the fucking time ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wvbprs6.png ), 
  so if a minor subset of a group of people does something , that then is representative of an entire group ? 
  which is n't true at all . 
  you might say for some of the people who walk around talking about being a communist , but the politicians and activists are very much in line with socialist ideology , and i do n't get what the fuck / u/pekkaheinen is saying because it 's utter shit . 
  socialists care about * workers * . 
  working class is an aspect , but fundamentally it is * workers * . 
  socialists have the strongest base in the working class because those people are treated the worst , that absolutely is not their only demographic . 
  and it 's your right to say and think that , just as it is our right to say that i do n't think you understand the * theory * very clearly . 
  yeah , sure , people can be ( and are ) huge pieces of shit , but there are pieces of shit to virtually every movement . 
  something tells me i do n't what my political lessons from the guy who created and moderates / r/islamunveiled, 
  are you in every single spot in germany simultaneously ? 
  then i do n't see how that 's relevant . 
  which does n't make any sense , because germany throws these people out . 
  wait , so you have neither juncker nor schulz , who do you have , if anyone ? 
  surely cameron realizes he ca n't just force someone on the parliament and make them choose him as commission president , that would violate the lisbon treaty . 
   what was it about my comment that made you downvote ? 
  you said something pragmatic . 
  people do n't like to face the reality that an institution we have a lot of faith in might just do a 180 on this whole democracy thing . 
  so , in layman 's terms , it says that code in of itself is not patent-able , and that it needs to have a legitimate external effect and then the whole thing is patented as a single unit ? 
  so using their code ( or similar ) to do something totally different with it does not infringe on the patent ? 
  does that sound right ? 
  except they 're doing it because they 're foreign/aren ' t white/aren ' t the right religion etc. 
  the socialists and communists are doing it in order to redistribute the wealth fairly towards everybody , regardless . 
  that includes the people they took things from . 
  the left-right scale does not accurately represent the nuances of both sides of the spectrum . 
  far left can vary radically between totalitarianism and anarchism , and the far right is similar to a certain degree . 
   it 's just different dialects of totalitarianism . 
  ah , sweet ignorance , must be great . 
  never a dull moment . 
  no , more like apologize for electing an ultranationalist , racist , xenophobic , antisemitic fuckhead . 
  let 's drop the fascist part . 
  you 're supporting a holocaust denying , rabidly xenophobic , blatantly racist , scientifically ignorant , ultranationalist party ?
