  everyone in the conflict has blood on their hands , and mcguinness not least of all has been extremely repentant for his past wrongdoings . 
  you can only make peace with your enemies . 
  that was just an example . 
  let 's use another one ; the russian constitution did not apply to ukraine in 1991 . 
  nor did the uk constitution apply to ireland in 1949 . 
  and so on and so forth . 
  the constitution of the `` parent '' country is not of any relevance when it comes to forming your own state - you form your own state specifically to get away from the rule of law of other states . 
  undemocratic on what grounds ? 
  independence is one of few areas where constitutional law is not ( or should not be ) absolute . 
  if a country is declaring independence , that declaration also includes independence from that same constitution . 
  in short , it really does n't matter what the constitution says as in reality the constitution of spain would not apply to independent catalonia anymore than the constitution of the united states applies to canada . 
  he 's been committed to the peace process now for quite a while, 
  but corruption benefit us . 
  most aid money is dirty and goes into bribes for politicians to make them do what we want . 
  i 'm adding so many words to my vocab right now . 
  bitches are going to think i 'm cultured as fuck . 
   trying to figure out why northern ireland and the republic share a rugby team but have differant football teams was odd in school . 
  it 's still odd . 
  katanga seceded with encouragement from belgium , and they were supported by the uk and france as well as militarily by belgium . 
  lumumba ( congo pm ) asked the soviets for help ( because the un would n't ) , so the soviets dropped a nice big army in south kasai , which was also trying to split off , but then the cia kidnapped lumumba , sent him off to katanga , where the belgians chopped him up and disposed of him with acid and he was never seen again . 
  at this point , a pro-us regime was installed in the congo , so the soviets backed the orientale province and it seceded . 
  while the congolese fought the orientale rebels , the united nations fought the katangans ( and those supporting them ) . 
  one of the few times the un ever went to war . 
  eventually the us directly intervened and the katangan secession was put down with operation grand slam . 
   the sad thing about it all is that most historians believe that if the easter rising was n't crushed in the way that it was there would n't have been too much support in ireland for home rule and independence . 
  whether this would have been a good thing is a different question , but i think it is fair to assume that there would have been less bloodshed . 
  the home rule movement was dominating irish politics . 
  in fact , we were promised it for 1914 - when we did n't get it , the republicans ( not home rulers , mind ) decided that now was the time to strike , and rose up knowing that they were going to lose - as padraig pearse called it , a `` blood sacrifice '' for the republican movement . 
  so you 're half correct . 
  the rising killed the home rule movement , but only because the republican one rose in its place . 
   your characterization of the government of ireland act is slightly misleading though . 
  britain did n't split northern ireland from ireland unilaterally and out of spite , they did it because the protestants in the area told them that they would take up arms if they were made a part of a unified ireland with home rule . 
  if it were up to the british government in london there would never have been a partition of ireland and the entire island would have been granted home rule . 
  the threats from the unionist community in the north were n't to be taken lightly - and i think adding the orange order and their ilk into the conflagration that was occurring in southern ireland at the time would n't have been a nice result for anyone involved . 
  you 're correct , it was misleading . 
   this is truly a historic moment for two very similar countries ( that may be because of colonialism on our part , however ) , one can only hope that the peace holds and we move forward in the spirit of cooperation rather than conflict . 
  absolutely , when they played the irish national anthem at windsor , i teared up a little . 
  while for you guys over there may not think it 's huge , for us ... 
  it 's unbelievable . 
  almost like a dream . 
   as an aside , i was always under the impression that the people in the roi and the uk mainland were more or less ambivalent about the situation in northern ireland . 
  that is to say that both the average dubliner and average mancunian did n't much care about the ira and the udf . 
  is this true in the irish context ? 
  yes and no . 
  there were bombings all across the uk and ireland . 
  maggie thatcher only * just * survived one , and there was hundreds in both our countries killed in the conflict . 
  it was n't as violent as in north ireland , but the conflict was very real and very continuous . 
  there was n't a day that went by without bomb scares , everyone 's lives were effected by it . 
  i know on the part of the irish , there was a very strong republican sentiment that felt the north was ours by right and we supported the ira as such . 
  our government evened funneled them weapons , and back in '68 moved the army to the borders - everyone thought there 'd be a conventional war there , for a while . 
  it was predominantly around the katangan crisis and irish involvement in the war that went on there . 
  extremely fascinating stuff . 
  tl ; dr it was cold war three way between the colonial powers , the us/un and the soviet union . 
  not often you see that kind of conflict . 
   for me the question is : would i fight for ukraine in a trench ? 
  for lithuania ? 
  for estonia , finland , sweden ... 
  i would . 
  we are all one in the same , as europeans . 
  i would view an attack on these countries as an attack on mine . 
  while ireland would never get involved , the uk border is only a few kilometers away ... not that i would want to . 
  but if i believe in the ideals we would be fighting for , well i would feel obligated to do it . 
  of course , that 's easy to say when it is n't a reality , yet . 
  shots fired, 
  ] ( http://hydra-media.cursecdn.com/dota2.gamepedia.com/f/f5/erth_ability_echo_01.mp3 ), 
  because we 've been at odds with eachother for the guts of a century . 
  there was conflict going on right up until the last decade , we still do n't know for sure how many people have been killed . 
  if you want more detail , i 'll explain now ; in 1916 while the british were occupied with world war i , we staged an armed rebellion known as the `` easter rising '' . 
  it got crushed and all the leaders that surrendered were executed by firing squad ( except for eamon devalera , due to pressure from he united states ) . 
  when all the surviving rebels got out of prison , they waged a guerilla war from 1919 until 1922 , known as the war of independence . 
  however , while we were fighting the war , the british government enacted the government of ireland act in 1920 , which split off the northern part of ireland into it 's own substate with its own parliament . 
  this was done to split the island in two and make it harder for the revolutionaries to create an all-ireland republic . 
  by 1922 , the british called for a ceasefire and we accepted . 
  after a series of negotiations , we game to an agreement and the anglo-irish treaty was signed , creating the irish free state within the commonwealth . 
  one of the conditions was that the north part of the country that was self-governed as a result of the government of ireland act , would remain part of the united kingdom . 
  but lloyd george , the british pm , promised that a boundary commission would be set up and that it would be done so that we got most of the land back , which would force the rest of the north to agree to join the free state . 
  meanwhile , there 's a civil war going on in ireland between those who accepted the treaty and those who were against it - the latter being the minority . 
  two of our greatest leaders - arthur griffith and michael collins - died , but eventually the pro-treaty forces won . 
  we got the boundary commission , but the british did n't keep their word and we got no land back . 
  so for the past 80 years we 've had the north part of the ireland still at war , in conflict between those who want to rejoin ireland ( which declared full independence and left the commonwealth in 1949 ) and those who wanted to stay with the united kingdom , the most violent period of the conflict being from 1968 to 1998 , known as `` the troubles '' . 
  it was only in 1991 that we started making concrete steps towards peace and only in 1998 were all arms laid down by most combatants , and is still considered a military stalemate . 
  the conflict even spilled over into the republic and england , as well as around 20 people being killed in mainland europe . 
  it 's estimated that over the 30 year period there was about 3,000 * confirmed * deaths ( we still find bodies ) with about 50,000 injured/maimed . 
  the significance of the flags outside windsor is that there is now peace and mutual respect between both sides of the conflict and that we 're all now committed to peace . 
  i 'm just happy we 're not living in the days where i had centurions backed up by about a dozen rifles staring my down when i got close to the border . 
  yeah , i studied the congo for like 2 years . 
  coincidences , eh ? 
  these states * were * the equivalent of european countries . 
  in fact , some of them are vastly more powerful , economically , than many european states . 
  the difference being that each state was , in the past , the equivalent of a member of the european union . 
  they did n't just rebel one day and say `` yeah we 're gon na be this mega-federal usa '' , they were extremely like us . 
  so when people are telling me `` fuck man , americas are retarded they ca n't name loads of the states in europe '' , well , neither can we do the same for them . 
  could you point to each state of america on the map , if all the borders were drawn out for you ? 
  i reckon a lot of the inaccuracies are a piss take . 
  for president higgins ' meeting with the queen today . 
  former ira commander , martin mcguinness , will be with him . 
  a sign of how far we have come , that that flag can be raised at * windsor castle * , of all places ... edit : [ mrw they played the irish national anthem ] ( http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_m37zvbxhab1r97meb.gif ), 
  i do n't think they 'd waste actual agents on the ground once they disruption was already sown . 
  i have no doubt there was * some * encouragement from them but once the deed was done they probably bugged out . 
  this is the breaking news that we 've all been waiting for , just in from * xbiggiesmallsx * .
