  questions about the origin of people taking it would be cool - like if someone lives in europe were they born there etc. 
  and if they were n't then what lead them to leave their home countries ( economy , political asylum etc ) . 
  obviously , the typical stuff about political inclinations - what parties you support in the european parliament , how left-right-centre you generally vote . 
  a controversial one could be stances on the ukrainian crisis . 
  the stance on what action should be taken in the middle east - not even specifically about daesh . 
  should we abandon it ? 
  should we be more involved ? 
  should we fund local groups ? 
  some comments here really got me thinking about the concept of terrorism as well . 
  we could ask on whether or not we agree with the term `` terrorist '' to begin with , or various things of that nature . 
  europe has always had a lot of internal conflict with separatist groups etc. 
  so it 'll be interesting to see what people 's views on that are . 
  i think religion should also be a significant enough topic - other than the typical ones about what you are/practice , you could ask about how much more/less stringent we should be on general religious expression , could ask what people want to be done about conservative expression of religions ( catholic church influence , salafist/wahabbi islam etc. ), 
  immigration is also a good one . 
  no immigration ? 
  open borders ? 
  increased pan-european cooperation ? 
  anyways , ya , that 's off the top of my head . 
  yeah , my bad , was having a brain fart !, 
  continue your argument . 
  lenin was dead for more than a decade by the time any of this is relevant . 
  i think it 's communism with a big c as opposed to simply a communist party . 
  the big c usually refers to a tie with the soviets , in which case , yeah , fuck 'em . 
  everyone else says ; `` so ? '', 
  what does that have to do with culture ? 
  people almost always bring their culture and heritage with them when they move country . 
  the socioeconomic conditions are the primary cause for migration . 
  it has nothing to do with culture at its core . 
  people raised within a culture will not suddenly say one day `` hey , this thing which i 'm a byproduct of and that has helped shape my entire world view and attitude towards life * fucking sucks * , i 'm moving somewhere else ! '', 
  no , it 's the socioeconomic conditions , which are controlled by many , many different things outside of culture , like war , disease , drought , global economy , and so on and so forth . 
   way to deflect , japan has good aspects in its culture , all cultures have flaws and strengths . 
  it is simply which culture has a higher ratio of strengths than flaws . 
  all of which are entirely taken through a relative perspective of a eurocentric viewpoint ...  i ask you / u/cyridius , would you live in pakistan , somalia or saudi arabia rather than ireland ? 
  if you would not why ? 
  surely those countries are just as good if their culture is . 
  stop throwing strawmans . 
  why would i go there ? 
  i do not agree with their way of life , their countries are not as democratically or economically developed , there 's no reason i would go there . 
  and again , your last line is another example of this eurocentric culture superiority complex . 
  if you 're going to intentionally ignore half my comment and then use strawman i 'm not going to continue this discussion . 
  he was referring to the classic case of whataboutism . 
  the soviets used to deflect american criticism by bringing up the race issues in the us . 
  it was n't entirely an illegitimate response ... 
  but it 's cheap . 
  because there 's absolutely no quantifiable measure of `` good culture '' . 
  the last time people accepted eurocentric superiority it allowed the nazis to reason their way into committing genocide while thinking it was a rational course of action . 
  which , incidentally , was what made them so scary , their actions were the eurocentric views of cultural and racial superiority ( widely held by everyone across western europe ) taken to their logical conclusion . 
  your attitude demonstrates a major backslide into that method of thinking . 
  there is no such thing as superior culture . 
  period . 
  you can criticize the systems of government and laws as cruel , unequal , discriminatory , whatever , nobody says you need to * defend * these cultures or even agree with them , but that 's a relative opinion . 
  at no point in time has it ever been proven that cultures will tend towards homogeneity and trying to force the world into a eurocentric lense is simply an illegitimate form of analysis . 
  this goes not only for pakistan , or afghanistan , or egypt or china , but for america , or russia , or cuba . 
  we 're all very different places and peoples and to judge and attack everyone based on eurocentrisim shows a fundamental lack of respect and a feeling of innate european superiority , whether you are doing it consciously or not . 
  lurkers are also voters and that deeply effects discussion . 
  i think we should become a looser confederation of states geared towards internal peace with some common regulations , and external unity on specific issues such as foreign policy . 
  this allows each state to benefit from common european brotherhood whilst still pursuing their own destiny . 
  i see no reason to add another layer of a form of democracy that already exists in each member state to start with . 
  in fairness , ireland 's not a good team . 
  and they drew with the world champions . 
  most of us were expecting germany to do to us what we did to gibraltar . 
  paramilitary/terrorists groups of all persuasions train all over europe all the time in secret camps . 
  it 's just something we do n't really think about . 
  i 'm not fan of the pes or epp myself , but hey that 's just the way the cookie crumbles ... 
  itt : people who do n't understand statistics , demographic change , birth-death rate relations , or know anything about the economic development of africa coupled with a sprinkling of the eurocentrism as the pinnacle of human civilization that allowed the nazis to do what they did . 
  ethnic cleansing and genocide ? 
  yeah , how dare a continent wide entity try to have continent wide representation ... 
   also funny thing how there are so many countries with military draft in americas even though no real danger of war exists there . 
  you 're joking , right ? 
   nope . 
  just like i never stated that there 's nothing more to pkk than terrorism . 
  alright then , i 'm starting to understand how you 're thinking . 
   sorry , i thought you said we were all terrorists ? 
  `` we '' as in `` governments and organizations '' . 
  most governments fit the criteria in one way or another , as do most organizations of a political nature with political agendas ( like pro/anti-separatism etc. ), 
  - in this case , the pkk would definitely not be alone on the list of `` terrorists '' , it would be joined by turkey , usa , uk , russia , and many , many more . 
  basically any government that 's ever been involved in anything . 
  it ' funny that you act like you `` won '' something good when the only thing you come away with is the `` i 'm a giant piece of shit that 's against human rights '' award . 
  you and [ this guy ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slobodan_milo%c5%a1evi%c4%87 ) would be great friends . 
   and yes , they have no right to self determination or independence . 
  lolk talking with you about this is like trying to get the turkish government to admit to the armenian genocide . 
  let me guess , that 's not real either ? 
   why are communists always so hell bent on defending the indefensible practices of other communists ? 
  i defend them ( `` them '' being the pkk in this instance , fuck the ussr ) because if i did n't say a single thing about them all we 'd hear about is how evil they are , nor would we ever hear about the bad shit the turkish government has done in turn . 
  i have , do , and will readily admit they do bad things . 
  like almost every single movement of national liberation that 's ever involved a violent struggle against an oppressive regime . 
  you did n't even know they were fighting isis when they 're a key part of the defense that 's held the thing together . 
  that 's what the governments of the world that label these people `` terrorist '' like to leave out . 
   i admire nelson mandela but i 'm also willing to admit that umkhonto we sizwe committed acts of terror . 
  but would you say that he is a terrorist ? 
  that his policies were terrorism ? 
  that there is nothing more to him that acts of terror ? 
  no , you would n't . 
  nobody would say that because that 's stupid . 
  yet all people * ever * focus on with the pkk is how they 're terrorists . 
  ever . 
  that 's the narrative that 's been set for them . 
  they 're a terrorist organization and all they want to do is commit acts of terror and that 's final . 
   yeah , i remember last week when i kidnapped those children . 
  that was a hell of a time .
