  would he rob a house with the owner had a glock and was ready to use it ? 
  would he shoot up a school if the teachers were armed ? 
  the whole idea is that it lets people take lives into their own hands . 
  would you say everyone on the street is a mentally insane individual and that if you put a gun into their hands they were liable to blow someone 's head off just for shits and giggles ? 
  neither would i. 
  as such , logic would have it that there is no problem with allowing the general population to be armed . 
  firstly , it 's an expression of independence ; that we as human beings are not entirely reliant of the inefficiencies of the state apparatus in order to secure our own immediate well being . 
  secondly , it follows the idea that if someone does go crazy , there 's enough people around to stop them causing damage . 
  now , i , personally , do not believe guns are an influential factor in the prevailence of crime in the usa in general . 
  i just think that socially they have a fucked up culture that is going nowhere slowly and that breeds a lot of violence , and believe it or not , civilian owned firearms are very active in preventing a lot of crimes in the us . 
  see , i do n't believe more guns fixes the problem , but i do n't think guns cause the problem either , and if you look at it objectively it 's pretty easy to see why . 
  ideally , people who want to should be able to own guns , and then not go off and go on a killing spree , and people who do n't want to own guns do n't own guns and do n't need to fear for their lives . 
  it 's fucking moronic and it 's born out of ignorance and a need to fulfill a superiority complex . 
  `` our country is shit and racist , but seeing as it 's the best , other places must be * even worse ! * '' . 
  it 's also created out of this idea that an american state is the same as a european state , which blatantly is not true . 
  and it 's usually said by racists - er , i mean , race * realists * . 
  you 're going a bit too heavy on the rhetoric . 
  the eu is both a federation and a confederation . 
  the whole thing about a `` federal europe '' is empty talking ; we already * are * a federal europe . 
  the argument is one of centralizing powers with the federal government i.e. 
  brussels and the democratically elected european parliament . 
  there was no need for unanimity and that 's what the uk and its people signed up for . 
   it will just be rebalancing its focus on the rest of the world . 
  turning its back on europe . 
  i dunno , you should probably ask farage what he thinks of the nignogs . 
  edit ; either i 've been hit by rabid farage ~ ~ racists ~ ~ supporters or people are n't getting the reference . 
  because bulgaria is the most important one . 
  the pipes from hungary and austria have to go through bulgaria . 
  if bulgaria refuses to build their part of the pipeline , it does n't matter what anyone else does . 
  it is more geopolitically relevant . 
  probably happy because then there wont be anymore watching football . 
  there has been some ** amazing ** goal keeping this cup . 
  they essentially put poland to the torch but never expanded into it . 
  same deal with hungary , too much infighting to secure a foothold . 
  just fyi people it 's / r/europeans , not / r/european . 
  one 's a sub for fascists , the other is ... not . 
  as for the article , i share a similar view on juncker ; he 's uninspired , tired , old and boring . 
  i fundamentally disagree with liberals like verhofstadt , but even i admit he 's more interesting , fresh and charismatic than juncker , and his federalist tendencies ring nicely with me , and in the same vein schulz forwent rightist liberal ideology with a more social democratic twist while also being somewhat integrationist . 
  the cork accent . 
  the united snakes of amerikka , comrade . 
  of course , but there 's a difference between that and saying `` that person thinks differently to me , that 's bad '' . 
  i have no problem with private institutions asking people to take off a face covering for security purposes , but i wont tell them that they 're fucked in the head for having on the in the first place . 
  why do they have to be culturally identical to you ? 
  why are you so scared of different people ? 
  cus scary brown people . 
  what do you think they express ? 
  what does any clothes express ? 
  this is a moronic question . 
  freedom of expression does not mean you express a political or religious view , it means you can express yourself how you so desire . 
  the veil does not express any specific or particular view anymore than my hat does . 
  people wear them to express themselves . 
   on the other hand , i understand that some women are forced either culturally or literally forced ( eg , husbands ) to wear it against their will and this law gives them an ` out ' . 
  are n't we all culturally forced to be the way we are ? 
  most muslim women i know are * proud * of their covering and even get offended if you suggest that it 's improper . 
  in the same vein , they respect that other women do n't want to wear it . 
  live and let live . 
  and there are some muslim women that do n't wear it at all . 
  fine by them . 
  there are plenty of outs here in already established law . 
  people are very much protected from domestic abuse , women in particular . 
  there is no need for laws to legislate against muslims in order to protect muslims , that 's just a contradiction . 
  this article makes so many assumptions about the uk 's relationship within the eu . 
  first of all , a `` freer market '' is n't necessarily a good thing , and protectionism can very often be a good thing , and there is nothing in the playbook that says either is inherently bad for the economy . 
  so , there , they 're pretty full of shit . 
  secondly , in regards to security concerns , if we were legitimately concerned about security , we would kick the uk out , because integrated security apparatus is sure as fuck not going to be something the brits are buying into , and they 'll stonewall it every step of the way . 
  and frankly i could n't care less if the germans had a harder time dealing with everyone else in the eu , germany 's influence should not be absolute and if the uk leaves then it is for the southern states to take the initiative . 
  this article displays a load of * possibilities * and then just displays them all as negative . 
  they might be negative for the uk , it might be negative for the germans , but it is n't straight up negative . 
  i 'm sure italians and spaniards would want more say in the eu . 
  i 'm sure that the baltic and mediterranean states would want a more hardened common security pact , which probably wont happen with the uk , and even if we lost the uk 's gdp , we 'd still be the highest on the planet . 
  and that 's assuming scotland does n't split off and join the eu itself . 
  the british leaving the eu is not a black or white eventuality . 
  it will come with its positives and negatives . 
  if the referendum vote goes yes , then there 'll be a significantly long period of time in which scotland will be part of the uk while prepping for independence . 
  during that time , the eu could very much hammer out protocol with the provisional government of scotland , but that 'll only be because at that point , independence is a reality and it does n't effect the internal matters of the uk . 
  how can mirrors be real if our eyes are n't real ? 
  they operated in countries sanctioned by the us , like cuba . 
  their own fucking fault , really . 
   it is essentially the closest thing we will ever see to a utopia . 
  lol this worship of nordic countries is getting funnier by the day . 
  wait , how does italy , portugal and spain fit in south-eastern europe ? 
  and how does scandinavia fit in the west ? 
  surely these should be decided in relation to middle europe ? 
  which would make italy , southern-europe spain and portugal , south-western europe france , belgium , netherlands , luxembourg , switzerland are western europe ireland , iceland and uk are north-western europe scandinavia + baltics is northern europe and then hungary , ukraine , azerbaijan , armenia , georgia , and romania would be eastern europe and then the balkans + turkey and cyprus is south-eastern europe, 
  dumb as fuck . 
  dumb as fuck . 
  ok , i 've had enough fun trolling you . 
  seriously , you have some mental issues and should probably get that shit checked out . 
  the reason you 're dumb as fuck and your statements are funny is because they 're based in absolutely nothing . 
  you 're a fucking dumbass who reacts terribly to being called out . 
  the whole idea that european cities do n't have as much varied demographics as american ones is fucking stupid and you 're fucking stupid for saying as much . 
  dublin , london , paris , vienna , berlin , i can keep going and going and going , dozens of cities all across europe have a very strong variation in the origins of its residents . 
  and no , half of an american city having irish great grandparents and the other half having german great grandparents does not make them irish or german , they 're american . 
  american , in every single possible sense , is far more homogenous than europe . 
  that 's a simple fact . 
  we even get a higher immigration rate than you . 
  now fuck off you bigoted , misogynistic , dumb piece of shit . 
  [ you might be more at home here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/theredpill/ ), 
  are you ok ? 
  you seem a little angry .
