  climate change denial , anti-fluoride moron , a general bum really with nothing in between his head . 
  truly the best ireland has to offer . 
  he may not be as big of a fucking clown as the guy in op , but it 's sadder because more people voted for him and he 's far more serious about it - when he bothers to show up in a suit . 
  did you sleep through your science and language classes in school ? 
  no , that 's how the human brain works . 
  this is basic science . 
  yeah , that 's so fucking easy , right guys ? 
  just learn a full language while raising a family and working the entire day , it 's so straight forward right ? 
  it 's because in islam you take the father 's religion . 
  this is great for marine lepen . 
  now she can play the `` we 're not my father 's party '' card . 
  [ ming flanagan ] ( http://biffo.ie/wp-content/uploads/lukemingflanagan2003joint_large.jpg ) you 're welcome , europe . 
   so since he 's so intelligent , he should know what are controversial topics and simply avoid talking about them . 
  but commonly he speaks about it unasked . 
  the thing with intelligent people is arrogance . 
  if they feel what they 're saying is so extremely intelligent , they 'll relentlessly move into controversial topics in an attempt to kind of be like `` hey , i have the answer , i 'm so great ! '', 
  edit : but he 's probably just an amazing troll, 
  i think something like 11 or 12 % of the british population is actually foreign born , whereas for us it 's somewhere like 10-11 % but welsh and gaelic immigration . . ? 
  there is not a single native born person in either ireland or the uk that will not be able to speak english fluently . 
  science  politics until israel takes all the research and sells it to someone else , like they do with america all the fucking time . 
  were they sailors from the actual danish navy ? 
   motorway a2 , linking germany and warsaw , was named `` motorway of freedom '' . 
  we america now . 
  it was different . 
  obviously , a lot of bad shit did happen under him . 
  just a little bit of german ethnic cleansing after world war 2 . 
  but in general , tito worked very hard to keep yugoslavia independent from the ussr and us as its own socialist state , and tito was instrumental in forming the non-aligned movement . 
  he managed to play both sides against eachother and ended up receiving financial aide from both the ussr and the us . 
  there was a time where yugoslavia had even better relations with america than it did with the soviets . 
  people worked less hours , but things still got done . 
  there was n't much capitalist enterprise other than small little local shops like bakeries . 
  while most of the stuff was owned by the state itself , it was actively collectively managed by the workers !, 
  and because of tito 's political savvy in playing off the ussr and usa against one another , yugoslavia had a much broader export market than many other states at the time . 
  so , i would n't say business was booming , but it was n't in a state of collapse or perpetual struggle either . 
  education was massively expanded and under tito , over 16 universities were founded . 
  socially , yugoslavia , being a socialist federal republic , was rather multicultural , based on unity around the differences between the people in the federal states , with a very strong emphasis on brotherhood . 
  with that said , there was a very high level of emigration from yugoslavia as a whole , so much so that the population growth was pretty much breaking even . 
  this was caused by more or less endemic unemployment , millions of yugoslavs emigrated to the western side of the iron curtain looking for jobs . 
  there were tonnes of public works , the infrastructure in former yugoslav countries today was created under tito . 
  things like electrifying the railways , tram systems , and motorways . 
  anyways , i could ramble on . 
  reality is , it 's not easy to get your hands on good material ( in english ) covering sfry at the time , so a lot of even what i just said there can be inaccurate , especially seeing as your question is really so broad as tito was in power for going on 4 decades . 
  however , the collapse of yugoslavia and the yugoslav wars occurred as a result of the dramatic rise in ethnic nationalism , which tito himself had managed to control during his time in power , with the big emphasis on pan-slavic brotherhood . 
  it 's quite hard to say whether or not things were definitively worse under tito or not , as globally conditions have changed , with the collapse of the ussr and the advent of neoliberal economic globalization , so we ca n't really know how tito would be running the show in the balkans anymore . 
  calm down . 
  i already addressed all of your points . 
  the queen is a great person . 
  but as far as i 'm concerned both herself and the rest of the royal family are fundamentally little more than leeches who have attained their status entirely through pure accident of birth . 
  they 're set for life from the moment they are born until the moment they die , simply because they just happened to be born into the royal family . 
  does n't seem very fair to me . 
  i like elizabeth as a stateswoman , but her office is repugnant to me . 
  now let 's watch while nothing happens . 
  no need to get aggressive and insulting here , i 'm trying to have a civil conversation with you . 
   i ca n't believe you 're so thick as to have overlooked religious and cultural tradition , other political views , other social traditions and organisations , and the deep tradition of humanism in western literature . 
  none of which existed in nazi germany . 
  i do n't believe you understand the depths of which society was controlled and dominated by the nazi propaganda machine . 
  every part of normal german life was laced with nazi ideology . 
  the church was suppressed and replaced with a reich 's church - it did n't take off , but it was significant . 
  the confessional church was suppressed . 
  priests everywhere were thrown into camps on trumped up charged . 
  cultural tradition ? 
  glorious germany was cultural tradition , and outsiders were poisoning this tradition . 
  this is why the rallies were held in nuremberg ; other than it 's geographical convenience , nuremberg was an old city , reminiscent of german greatness . 
  social traditions and organizations that were not in line with the nazi party 's views simply did not exist . 
  so , when you 're trying to tell me `` i ca n't believe [ you ] have overlooked religious and cultural tradition '' etc. , you are grossly misinformed . 
  you are dramatically understating the control hitler and the nsdap had over german society . 
  this was just civilian society , and that was kicked up many gears when you take into account the wehrmacht , where as with any military force , you are brainwashed with state ideology . 
  so , you 're trying to tell me that there were other influences soldiers could have taken from - despite all of their fellow soldiers , officers , celebrities and state leaders following the same ideology - and i am simply telling you that is a blatantly false statement . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  you can be other lands on a defensive basis . 
   but every single german army member in ww2 knew he was involved in aggressive action into other sovereign nations . 
  what do you base this statement on ? 
  you 've just drawn an arbitrary line and said `` if you are on this side , you are wrong '', 
  any military action can be framed by a government as defense of one 's country . 
  the invasion of poland ? 
  defending ethnic germans and securing german boarders from the hostile poles . 
  annexation of sudetenland ? 
  taking back german land . 
  remilitarisation of the rhineland ? 
  this is german land , we do n't take orders from foreign invaders . 
  invasion of soviet union ? 
  protecting the people of the world from the evils of bolshevism . 
  there are a million parallels you can draw between justifications for war today and justifications back then , and they 're still just as effective . 
  not in circulation , no . 
  there were two or three extremely popular figures that were no touched who displayed opposition of *** some *** nazi policies . 
  everyone else was rounded up and sent to the camps or executed . 
  so , no , there was n't . 
  what , you think they all had external sources to take contrasting views from ? 
  be realistic . 
  i do n't need to acknowledge the content of those beliefs because frankly they 're irrelevant to the point i 'm making . 
  ok , so explain to me , why are you proud of your nation ? 
  it 's two things , really ; as / u/seefor said , it 's about encouraging investment . 
  if your money is becoming more valuable on its own anyways , there 's no real pressure to invest in anything , as that has more risk . 
  and as / u/gingor said , if i have a loan , deflation makes that loan worth more effective money . 
  the reverse happens with inflation , which is how some countries ( eg . 
  america ) actually make money on their loans . 
  if the interest rate on a loan is lower that your inflation , then that loan becomes worth less and less money over time . 
  you can probably gather from that if your inflation is less than your interest rate , your loan becomes worth more over time . 
  deflation is just negative inflation , so your loan becomes worth more and more so you 're paying more to deal with it . 
  and the red army and allies also committed dozens of atrocities , yet they are being remembered .
