  independence is about self-determination , if the majority of the population is not actively supporting self-determination , then it ca n't really be legitimate . 
  in other news ; 700 egyptians sentenced to death for not liking the government . 
  representative democracy is indeed a sham , but that is n't an argument to take all the power from the people ; it is an argument for empowering the population . 
  it is the so-called experts that have plunged economies into crisis over and over again , started wars and passed policy after policy against the will of the people at the people 's expense . 
  we should argue to make our voices heard , not lock ourselves out . 
  at the end of the day the only people that are looking out for the population 's interests is the population itself . 
  yes , when you do n't have the populations support , you maintain status quo . 
  the 26 % is making a proposition , it does n't have have the support of 74 % of the population . 
  every person not voting yes is de facto * the same thing as voting no * . 
  within reason . 
  an independence referendum with a very low voter turnout can not be reasonably legitimizing . 
  it will either be in your mind , 26 % of the population enforcing it 's will on 74 % , or 24 % on 76 % , neither of which are democratically legitimate outcomes . 
  where are you getting this information ? 
  if the average voter has no time to know anything about politics , democracy has failed . 
   if federalists want to progress they need to do it slowly . 
  on the contraire ; one swift blow would be better . 
  slow integration leads to countries like the uk fucking it up , it leads to the eurocrisis , it leads to a whole host of problems . 
  a very rapid series of reforms over the process of a decade or so should be good . 
  why not just keep the european union . 
   what matters if it 's true or not hint : it is n't, 
   the public in general is both ignorant and stupid . 
  they do not have the time or the resources to be completely responsible for political decisions . 
  which is why the voting of representatives is how politics is handled . 
  that 's incredibly callous and snobby thing for you to say . 
  the biggest reason people are politically ignorant is because of politicians and their lies . 
   most people when given the choice of one marshmallow now or two later choose one marshmallow now . 
  that 's their choice then . 
   the public actively working against their best long term interests is human nature after all . 
  no it 's not . 
   i will never believe at face value what my gov. 
  or any gov. 
  says nor should anyone else . 
  but you will believe at face value the words of another government that 's hostile to yours ? 
  the persecution complex is strong in this one . 
  we have a dying language , does that count ? 
  i just think americans ( in general ) do n't watch soccer , do n't play soccer , do n't even think about soccer , until the world cup comes along . 
  and then they 're the best team in the world and think they 're the shit until they get knocked out in the group stages and you wont hear a thing about football from the us until 4 years later . 
  whatever floats your boat , but europeans ( et al. ), 
  that follow soccer all year round every year are going to get pissy when they see part-time fans trying to talk shit to them , and that feeds into the general annoyance at what 's perceived to be the american superiority complex . 
  and i think that what i said does take away from your point ; reddit is not an american majority website , yet americans feel the need to make themselves known every single time possible - gloat threads , or how they 're irish 10 generations back , or how ` murica is paying for europe 's healthcare , etc. 
  etc. , and that 's something you never see from other people . 
  and that 's american ~ ~ nationalism ~ ~ patriotism right there . 
  so , it is n't an issue with roots exclusively in football . 
  it 's very much an issue of fundamental mental differences , it just so happens to manifest itself in things like football , on occasion . 
  and yeah , i know , you ca n't judge a country based on it 's worst people , but i 'm not . 
   if i went on a portuguese majority website reddit is n't a majority american website . 
  it has the largest population from any single country , but not a majority . 
  [ dude ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urcqqc02yby ), 
  / r/shitamericanssay usually has some classic shit [ but really ... ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=urcqqc02yby ), 
   there 's literally no irony in my comment at all . 
  \\  gets angry at pointless insult \\  insults thousands of people pointlessly \\  does n't see the irony lol, 
  i hope you realize the irony of your comment . 
  tell you what , when someone stops being a fucking retarded i wont call them one . 
  it 's like biological mass surveillance . 
  no amount of sarcasm changes the fact that you 're a fucking retard . 
  monarchy at work . 
  the start of the war is glorified . 
  we should n't commemorate the day a few fat cats decided they 'd sign the death warrants of millions of people , we should commemorate and celebrate the day it ended . 
  the ecsc was founded in 1951 as the start of the european peace project . 
  this was an established goal . 
  the european peace project has evolved through time into things like the eea and , now , the eu . 
  so , get your fucking history straight . 
  if you 're going to say something dumb as fuck do n't cry victim when the downvotes come rolling in . 
  the eu is the peace project . 
  the peace project started with ecsc , which is today a part of the european union and only expired in 2002 , a full decade after maastricht . 
  more like celebrating war is n't a good idea . 
  they would be good representatives . 
  the euroflag is representative of the peace that came over the continent as a result of the european project . 
  both world wars were in mind when that * peace project * was decided upon . 
  there 's no reason it * should n't * be there . 
   i would give my right to vote if we could get normal , smart leaders ( who obviously rotated once in a while ) . 
  right up until they pass a piece of legislation saying they do n't have to rotate . 
  there is no substitution for democracy that can be morally acceptable . 
  representative democracy is already flawed enough in how it does n't represent the people , a pseudo-monarchy would be ... 
  evil . 
  well , it is a crime . 
  and i half-agree ; it 's a hate crime , but it is n't a violent one . 
  it constitutes an investigation , obviously , because hate crimes are a serious issue regardless of how severe , but a year in jail is over the top . 
  a fine or some community service would be a far better punishment . 
  people who commit non-violent hate crimes ( within reason ) do not need to be imprisoned , as they 're not a threat to society at large . 
  they need to be educated . 
  it is n't the slurs or curses or whatever that i 'd be concerned about as a voter , it 's the double-speak . 
  they should not get away with it . 
  they should not say one thing in public and then behave another way in private . 
  it 's scummy , disingenuous , and most of all is anti-democracy . 
  well that 's what we were being told by them ; whether or not people were listening is a fault of the media , not of the process . 
  there is still this idea that there is no need to take the eu seriously , and it is because of that we had things such as widespread voter abstention . 
  read the faq . 
  holy shit , calm down , adolf !, 
  anyways , the faq answers your concerns . 
  how can pants be real if our legs are n't real ? 
  tell that to the kenyans who are suffering constant attacks from somali warlords . 
  they 're not sharing a border with the effected region . 
  well duh , just download more ram !, 
   that 's not a hate crime , that 's a stupid prank . 
  i do n't think you know what a hate crime is . 
  essentially yes . 
  it 's political correctness gone wild . 
   why are they appointing a man because that 's what people voted for . 
  i do n't like junker , but we were all expressly told that whoever garnered majority support would become president .
