  the same constitution that 's allowed orb\u00e1n to create this new putinesque style of rule . 
  the problem here is that there 's nothing russia wants that we have , therefore we have no bargaining power . 
  if we want to actually * do * something that does n't involve direct escalation with russia , it would be changing this at home by creating an energy union and start collectively bargaining for russian gas , while negotiating other gas avenues and trying to develop a domestic energy market ( renewables/nuclear ) . 
  other than that , we supply ukraine with military hardware and training in order to keep up with their losses , and we start focusing on our own military integration . 
  the problem being , is that all of those things require huge political willpower , but due to how the political system is set up , the odds of people making serious moves towards these things are not good . 
  and so we 're left with options that are easier to push politically , like sanctions or increased military presence . 
  i effectively lol 'd at the patent absurdity of that statement . 
  just to add though , she did n't say `` at war with eu '' , that 's a misleading title . 
  she said `` at war with europe '' , which mean something different . 
  `` hungary has a european level standard of democracy . '', 
  - donald tusk, 
  what ? 
  it was constantly criticized in the west because nobody believed brazil would do it right and that it was also fucking over locals . 
  same with south africa ; crime was too high etc. 
  same now for russia ; people `` too conservative '' or international politics etc, 
  the uk already has stadiums . 
  everyone in europe was pointing their guns at hitler except for italy at that point . 
  even hungary and romania , later to be their allies , wanted nothing to do with hitler . 
   that 's a funny thing to hear a swiss person say why ? 
  what precisely would you do , then ? 
  the amount of keyboard warriors here is distressing . 
  why does any of that shit even matter ? 
  you could all be fucking identical for all i care . 
  ukraine is its own civic state and the people within it have a right to self determination . 
  ethnicity does n't come into play . 
  that amount of keyboard warriors spouting jingoistic war glorifying bullshit in this thread is too damn high . 
  as capital does when impeded , it can just move country . 
  it 's not like we 're buying that shit . 
  they already had a territorial dispute ( crimea ) . 
  what makes a man turn neutral ? 
  lust for gold ? 
  power ? 
  or are they just born with a heart full of neutrality ? 
  you realize that 's the caption for every image in the imgur album , right ? 
  this whole fucking idea of going to war based on claiming ownership is so fucking outdated , socially backwards and absolutely illegitimate that it really tells you something about the supporters of the russian actions that they use those kinds of arguments . 
  for a poorly trained , poorly equipped , low morale force , the ukrainian army has done well enough fighting the russian military for the past few months . 
  but there 's no way they 're going to win this in the long run . 
   except they do n't try to hide the fact when they take military action . 
  i know usa is quite different to russia , but this is a really naive statement . 
  you ca n't just act like higher level comments do n't exist . 
  i 'm surprised at all the fanboys merkel has had . 
  she is and always has been self-centered as fuck and only focused on improving germany 's situation to the detriment of everyone else . 
  her/cdu 's economic policies of the past 9 years have been a blatant testament to that . 
  anyone who trusted merkel to do * anything else * than look after germany 's economy and the finances of the bigwigs , does n't know her . 
  so you 'll say that about the usa/nato , but not about germany/eu ? 
  the british navy was quite active around that area destroyed german ships that were attempting to transport troops to norway . 
  did quite a bit of damage . 
  these are supposedly the new drachma notes ... booohahahahahaa ... as if anyone in your government has the stones , foresight , and political talent to pull this off ... 
  absolutely not . 
  how would we ? 
  russia did that quite recently as well , few months back . 
  nah , you guys can keep half of it . 
  the whole fucking point of the quote was that the league of nations was ineffective if big countries were going to ignore it , and if they were going to do that then it is n't a small , weak , powerless country 's responsibility to get the shit kicked out of it for someone else 's gain . 
  realistically speaking , there 's no moral incentive to help ukraine for governments . 
  geopolitics is not a game of morality . 
  we 're helping ukraine because if we let russia get away with it in totality , it gives the green light for russia to do it again , and for other nations around the world . 
  on top of this , it 's in our interests to have a united , pro-europe ukraine , for two reasons ; 1 . 
  if ukraine is pro-eu , it 's not a russian puppet . 
  if ukraine is pro-eu , our gas is not going to get fucked if ukraine decides `` hey guys , give me some real fucking help here or i wont be able to protect the gas pipes from terrorists '' , i 'm sure european countries will get more serious about it . 
  it 's just using the stick instead of the carrot . 
  of course , it 's insane for ukraine to blow it 's own pipeline for the same reason it 's insane for russia to stop selling gas and for us to stop buying it ; it 's economic suicide . 
  sometime between russian tanks in donetsk and russian tanks in kiev . 
  it 's been how irish people have fought in wars for the past century . 
  there 's large numbers of irish people in the british army . 
  i can cross the border and join up right now if i want to . 
  * `` despite our judicial equality here , in matters such as european peace , the small states are powerless . 
  as i have already said , peace is dependent upon the will of the great states . 
  all the small states can do , if the statesmen of the greater states fail in their duty , is resolutely to determine that they will not become the tools of any great power and that they will resist with whatever strength they may possess every attempt to force them into a war against their will . 
  '' * - eamon devalera to the league of nations , 1936, 
  who 's going to attack us ? 
  we have no military capacity to contribute . 
  any irish people that want to fight in european armies are allowed to do so , and most that want to actually go out into the world and be active , end up in the british army . 
  if we ever end up getting attacked by anyone , no amount of meeting that 2 % gdp quota is going to help us , and we 're far too strategically important for the likes of the uk to let go , so if we 're ever in a situation where we 're attacked , it 'll either be by the uk ( which wont happen ) , or in the highly unlikely case a war ever reaches us , that means everyone else is dead and we might as well capitulate . 
  that 's ridiculous , fearmongering crap . 
  any and all states bordering russia that are within nato are absolutely safe . 
  for this thread ? 
  sure . 
  for me ? 
  nope . 
  why is it someone 's responsibility to resign themselves to a life of destitution , misery , suffering and early death just because running over here does n't solve everyone else 's problems ? 
  i , for one , think ramblinrambo 's idea of shooting children was the best idea and the paramount solution to solving our immigration crisis / s, 
  a bit more than 20 %, 
  yeah , it 's not like western corporations backed by governments are perpetuating conditions or anything , that would be crazy !, 
  [ we do n't support putin ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2em98q/farright_russian_jihad_fighters_cross_into_ukraine/ck0xmkh?context=3 ) , and trying to behave as if the left is some sort of single entity , is insane . 
  find a single post of me defending putin . 
  good luck . 
   and it would benefit the employees who are hired at any sized business that opens an office/plant/etc . 
  while being detrimental to the employees who get fired when companies move for cheaper labour . 
   so lobbyists are not a part of the negotiation process . 
  realistically speaking , they are . 
  lobbyists meet every day to , well , lobby on the negotiations . 
  these are the same people who sponsor our politicians and provide campaign funding ; and if not europe , it 'll be the us . 
  someone , somewhere , is going to flap their gums to the lobbyists and it 's extremely naive to think otherwise . 
  these trade agreements can bring nothing but more neoliberalism ; which is great for big business , but terrible for us . 
   it worked out awfully and took many times longer than it should . 
  and yet they still won the game in the end . 
  `` leave the politicians to it '' is and always has been a terrible idea . 
  usually when we leave politicians to do something they do n't act in our interests . 
  economics is far too important to be left to the experts . 
  let the politicians negotiate , but let what they negotiate be public so that * we * can actually have a proactive role in the decisions that are going to effect * us * .
