  of course , though , all that matters is a symbolic gesture of a neutral state 's president . 
  a ukrainian fighter jet was used to support national guard against a separatist attack , i ca n't remember the exact location and i do n't think it was in lugansk , but if they 've started using the airforce , it 's possible they 've decided to go all out . 
  the smoke also follows the same pattern as a strafing run , but there was n't really that much scatter ( depends on how many rockets they used and all that good stuff ) . 
  and to the irish , who volunteered to the british and american armies in droves . 
  not again !, 
  they can vote in austria . 
  i do n't recall being taught politics before i could vote at the age of 18 here . 
  it would destroy the already limited public trust in the parliament . 
  public opinion of the french president is lower than it was at the end of the fourth republic . 
  a dune reference ? 
  in my subreddit ? 
   i just see no benefit to an independent scotland . 
  self-governance . 
  the little things . 
   that website is truly pathetic . 
  absolutely . 
  coming from a socialist , the wsws is a trash site , please do not use it to judge us collectively . 
  it was blacklisted for quite a time from / r/socialism . 
  [ here is a recent discussion on it ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/socialism/comments/26lpg4/what_is_your_opinion_on_the_wsws_are_they_a/ ), 
  rip them a new one . 
  take them down a peg . 
  destroy them . 
  this is one of these situations where you 're on the same side as someone but you hate the fact that they 're on your side . 
  this video is shit and it 's scare mongering . 
  the ttip is also shit and we should stop it until it is full and public information and can then be judged on its merits . 
  not everything is one extreme for another . 
  just because our welfare net is vastly superior to those found in say , america , does n't mean there are n't problems we want fixed and improvements we want implemented . 
  and you 're making this claim that `` the european union is x '' , that does n't work . 
  if you want to compare life in ireland to life in bulgaria , the difference is enormous . 
  each country manages its own welfare independently , and there are some economies in europe which are on par with african nations , so trying to apply a single standard does n't work . 
   if everybody is being paid the same , ar n't all the variables set back to zero ? 
  sort of . 
  i 'm not a fan of basic income because it 's an extremely inefficient answer and does n't really solve any problems . 
  essentially , if we introduced a basic income , the effect would be the same as an increase in minimum wage . 
  inflation would rise and the basic income would have to be perpetually increased to keep up with it . 
  in order to make basic income be on par with the welfare systems it replaces , the government would either drive itself into unsustainable levels of debt or have to raise taxes and cut back on all public services . 
  we just get to the point where , yeah , there 's no such thing as people with absolutely no money anymore , but if you want to play everyone in the country a living wage by default , all you 're going to do is drive up prices and today 's living wage will not be the living wage of tomorrow . 
  essentially , for basic income to work , the government would have to find a way to prevent massive market inflation while simultaneously cutting back and raising taxes . 
  how ? 
  i do n't know how they 'd manage that . 
  maybe if they tax it high enough they 'll take enough money out of circulation to cancel out the inflation effect , but that 'll just piss off the middle class , who wont benefit from basic income at all . 
  it 's trying to impose socialist social principles into a capitalist economy using a capitalist frame work , and i just do n't see that working . 
   how is this going to work if one of us decides to purge the other from the web ? 
  it depends how google handles the volume of claims . 
  if they go down the youtube route , they 'll take it down and you 'll have to ( if you notice ) ask them to put it back up . 
  if they go by the book , the person making the request needs to provide valid reasoning in context with the new right . 
  what happened to the idea of the gradually reducing work weak ? 
  working 7 hours , 6 hours , 5 hours , 4 hours a day ? 
  that just up and disappeared , despite all the great claims from economists and politicians that that 's what the great progress of society was going to bring us . 
  it was poorly phrased ; more like `` this is what i think on why people want you gone '' . 
  i think there is a serious problem in the uk with its general attitude towards immigration , in that it is poorly understood . 
  on top of this , i think it 's unfortunate people like farage are getting airtime . 
  on top of that , i think general nationalism among the population is far more prevailaint in the uk ( / england ) than it is in most countries in europe . 
  on top of that i think there is a very poor understanding of the eu in the uk , particularly as a result of the rhetoric put out by varies politicians there . 
  i also think cameron is a two faced twat . 
  oh , i did n't mean to impart this was * my * opinion . 
  i want the uk to stick around . 
  this just seems to be the general attitude , though there are one or two parts which i do find a bit accurate . 
  yup , i said that in the first comment !, 
  what 's the point of that ? 
  kyiv is too dangerous to go to , man , they 'll get killed by the fascists . 
  oh , i 'm all for the uk staying in the eu , especially because it 's a voice against the system , but it 's not doing it right . 
  most of the shit i hear out of the uk is standard , simple rhetoric , and most of the `` reforms '' cameron brandied about a while back were patently ridiculous , and were n't really reforms at all , but a list of exceptions that the uk should get . 
  the problem i have with the uk 's anti-integrationalist stance is simply this ; ok , we get it , you do n't want a federal eu . 
  what do you want instead ? 
  status quo so you can keep ripping on the eu for political bonus points with the public ? 
  regardless of the eu being or not being what the uk public `` signed up for '' , there needs to be a broad acceptance in the uk that the eu is changing , and will continue to change . 
  the nature of that change is very much up in the air and it 's up to the uk to either move in and try and effect this change or to step back and remove itself from the equation . 
   really ? 
  yes , really . 
  every single country that fought in the allies was embraced after the war , but not the poles . 
  and i 'm assuming [ this is the polish war memorial you 're talking about ? 
  ] ( https://www.google.ie/maps/place/polish+war+memorial/@51.548828,-0.400321,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x0:0x73eb441ebda1fb70 ) yeah , that was funded by poles living in the uk , because the government would n't put one up . 
  there 's too much i can really say here , so i 'm gon na trim it to a very brief point ; the uk is like the america of europe , except increasingly isolationist and with rapidly decreasing relevancy . 
  the people have this idea that they 're some mighty country that is simply by nature better than every other alternative out there , that it does n't need anyone and that you 're the greater partner in the grand relationship that is the eu . 
  in short , you do n't accept the fact that there are other countries in europe , particularly the mainland , that are better off than you are and are in a superior bargaining position . 
  that translates into a myriad of feelings being manifested amongst the population , often with offensive and ignorant statements . 
  but let 's ignore that . 
  let 's say , that the uk is * the * great country in europe and that the people have reason to lord it over us . 
  now , how do you think * we * feel ? 
  how do you think a romanian feels , sitting at home and then turning on the tv one day to hear the latest insult coming out of the uk ? 
  that their countries are shit and the people in those countries are uneducated shits and they should stay in their shitty country with their shitty lives and not come over to the glorious united kingdom and shit it up ? 
  and that 's a legitimately held opinion in the uk right now . 
  how do you think eastern europeans feel that you think of them as inferior , both as nations and as people ? 
  so , you 've already pissed off like half the eu . 
  then we get to the rest of europe ; spain and portugal where their entire experience of british people is them coming over on holidays and shitting the place up , or old/middle aged couples coming over there to retire . 
  ok , no big deal , but why is it that these people talk about how great their country is but then come over here and do this ? 
  and then there 's just the standard britain-france rivalry . 
  and then you have belgium , which has brussels , essentially the capital of the european union and pretty much belgium 's claim to political relevancy . 
  why would they be supportive of a people who 's main pastime is ragging on an institution that they 're proud of ? 
  the problem with the uk is that the people in it find a way to be offensive to the majority of the people in the eu , one way or another . 
  this , combined with what can only be described as a population-wide superiority complex - a misplaced one - and just general ignorance on who 's responsible for what in your country , it just comes out as something ridiculous altogether . 
  the constant rhetoric and perpetual media attention given to people extremely critical of everything not british is not helping the country 's image in the rest of europe , and the general consensus is that the british want to have their cake and eat it , too ; essentially have all the positives with none of the negatives . 
  it 's like we 're in an american highschool and the united kingdom is just over there in the corner singing and dancing about how he 's the king of the castle , and the rest of us are just there looking at you asking what the fuck you 're doing . 
  and when the rest of us do n't join in you get all pissy and talk about how you 're not gon na be our friend anymore if we do n't play along , and it 's like , seriously , if this is how you 're gon na be , just fuck off . 
  that 's just what i think on it anyways . 
   left wing , liberal policy from the eu . 
  this encourages support among left wingers , and is probably a large part of why left wing generally = pro eu , and right wing generally = anti eu . 
  when the eu starts imposing right wing legislation on the uk , expect the positions to reverse . 
  this is just wrong .
