  it was a common fascist tactic to threaten voters before they go into the booths and to have a show of force and intimidation to voters as well . 
  i do not doubt similar tactics would be employed . 
  if you get on a bus and come in from russia i 'm sure an exception will be made for you . 
  150 % of crimeans wish to join glorious russia !, 
  this totally illegitimate but it 's clear ukraine is effectively on its own . 
  maybe they should start weighting up whether crimea is worth the effort to defend ? 
  maybe they should give it up , get a fast track to nato and start planing nato troops and extend the missile shield into ukraine . 
  third lithuania ? 
  i do n't understand . 
   to that speculation i presented you facts . 
  no you did n't . 
   the eu and the us are all calling putin a nazi no they 're not . 
   deal with it . 
  russia invaded crimea . 
  illegally . 
  undeniable fact . 
  end of . 
  no discussion . 
  no argument . 
  no dispute . 
  this happened . 
  fact . 
   neo-nazis taking this opportunity to exploit well-intended ukrainians and get some share of power amidst all this confusion . 
  this is an absolute fabrication of the russian propaganda machine with absolutely no basis in reality . 
   and even the estonians agree with my other point ( the estonian minister has admitted this ) : neo-nazis have infiltrated and manipulated ukraine 's protests to their advantage . 
  the estonian minister absolutely has not admitted no such thing . 
  when you 're done lying we can have a discussion . 
  nice russian propaganda there . 
  we have an emigration culture . 
  our youth has always left the country to go to australia/canada/america / wherever there 's an irish community and a good economy . 
  there 's meant to be tens of millions more people of irish descent out there than there are actual irish people , just because we 've been emigrating in large numbers for centuries . 
  we had a large unemployment crises , an extremely large amount of our youth was employed in the property sector , which crashed and burned spectacularly in the recession . 
  with no skills and no jobs , most of these people go to other countries looking to find trades or any form of employment - australia is great for this , they actively came here and recruited irish people . 
  i know personally of at least 15 people my age ( early 20 's ) who are abroad doing work , and for just one person to know that many , that 's a lot imo . 
  we already cooperate with nato and run training missions with them , as well as let them use our airports , and we also run missions in africa with eufor . 
  the thing about ireland is that we see ourselves entirely as peacekeepers . 
  fun fact ; ireland is the only country to have peacekeepers abroad every single day since the un 's first mission . 
  our national identity does n't coincide with the idea that we could fire a shot at an enemy with intent to kill . 
  this stems from as far back as world war ii where churchill was threatening to invade us if we did n't join the war , and we * still * told him no . 
  one of the * major * talking points of the lisbon treaty was that we would never be forced into a european military . 
  that our neutrality would never be infringed . 
  the problem , is that we do n't ever want to place ourselves in a situation where we might fight a war we do n't want to . 
  we 're small , our military is weak , and we do n't exactly have good defensive capabilities . 
  many people would rather us wait it out and try our luck with whoever wins than to end up on the losing side . 
  the only way i can see this changing is with federalisation of the union , where we see being irish and being european as one in the same thing , to the point where we feel the moral obligation to defend our fellow europeans . 
  we 're getting there slowly . 
  the fact that this is a relatively active debate within the country is sign of that . 
  i can see ireland in the future agreeing to join defensive pacts , but i do n't see us pushing military agendas or agreeing to unify the military for decades yet , it requires a cultural shift in our mindset . 
  the problem is that nobody died because * nobody resisted * . 
  had anyone came and said `` hey , russia , you ca n't just come here and do this '' and made a proper stand , guess what would have happened ? 
  the ukrainian military is allowed in its bases because they 're not causing a problem . 
  now imagine they were n't in their base and they were out in the streets ready to defend crimea . 
  what would have happened then ? 
  the problem is two pronged ; on the one hand it is an illegal invasion of ukraine 's sovreign territory . 
  this is an undeniable fact . 
  and on the other hand you ca n't call it `` peaceful '' and talk about how bloodless it was when you march in there with overwhelming firepower and the will to murder anybody in your way . 
  tl ; dr threatening violence if anyone resisted and then there being no violence is n't something to be proud of, 
  as an irish person i 'm extreme anti-neutrality , but as it stands right now there 's no government willing to make progress towards either joining nato or becoming militarily involved in the eu . 
  it 's a politically dangerous stance and renouncing neutrality is not something that will come easy , especially with this government which only last year reaffirmed it 's strong stance on neutrality . 
  i think quite a few irish people would be willing to get rid of our status on neutrality - maybe not 8 or 9 years ago , but after everything the eu has done to bring us up after we fell down , you can see attitudes relaxing a little . 
  http://www.irishexaminer.com/business/irish-jobless-rate-beats-eu-average-260473.html http://money.msn.co.nz/businessnews/world/8794913/irish-unemployment-rate-hits-4-5-year-low the unemployment rate is now at 12.3 % , which is the lowest it 's been for nearly 5 years ( 12.1 % ) . 
  this is a drop from the peak 14.2 % in 2011 . 
  the youth unemployed are still higher than eu average but half that of spain and greece . 
  i 've read some conflicting sources in terms of general unemployment vs. eu average ( some say we 're lower some say we 're higher ) , but from my own looking we 're still 0.3 % above the eu average unemployment rate . 
  ireland has been one of the fastest countries in unemployment rate reduction in the eu . 
  though part of me is suspicious as to the reasoning ( emigration ? 
  nobody is going to put up a wall !, 
  i used to be a frequent goer to / r/mensrights . 
  ever since it became popular it 's become a steaming pile of shit . 
  he 's talking about western intervention which was a general shit show . 
  people like to make false equivalencies all the time , though . 
  apparently entering in a botched peace keeping mission is the same as invading to enforce your will . 
  til, 
  different situations . 
  iraq and afghanistan were not in the midst of revolution . 
  the people were n't ready and neither was the west . 
  i do n't think interventionism is bad , i just think there 's been poor execution in the past . 
  when done right it can work . 
  i view it slightly differently . 
  i do n't see it precisely as `` polish people going to fight a war for ukraine '' , i see it as `` europeans standing together to fight a common enemy '', 
  you are absolutely missing the point . 
  what america has done is absolutely irrelevant to what russia is doing . 
  i do n't give a shit what america has done . 
  i doubt the ukrainians care what america has done . 
  why ? 
  because it is n't relevant to the fucking situation . 
  when america is doing something that is wrong you can be sure they 'll get shit for it . 
  actions do n't exist in a vacuum but people are responsible for their own actions . 
  you ca n't turn around russian aggression and blame it someone else . 
  i 'm watching with interest . 
  being a believer in self-determination , people , is being happy for them regardless of the outcome . 
  if the scots want to be with the uk , good for them , if the scots want to be scotland , good for them . 
  in response to us saying russia should back out of ukraine , putin said `` we will have to respond ... if provoked by rash and irresponsible actions by washington ... and not necessarily symmetrically . '', 
  and proceeded to test an icbm . 
  i wonder which of them responds better to threats . 
  of course , but there 's * balanced * and then there 's * logical * . 
  the argument makes no sense . 
  there is one reality ; russia has infringed on the sovreignty of a neighbouring country without legal justification , and even worse they have done it through military intervention which is highly illegal . 
  that 's all there is to it . 
  the reasoning is irrelevant , what big bad america has done is irrelevant .
