  neutrality is a farce . 
  does n't matter if it 's irish , swedish , finnish or austrian . 
  it 's all a joke and an excuse for countries like us to take the easy way out of any international disputes , when there are very strong principals we should be unified behind . 
  that should be one of those things people see in the background of the comment box . 
  that was amazingly hilarious . 
  guy 's tone of voice nailed it . 
  representative `` democracy '' at work , folks . 
  except that law 's been ruled illegal by ecj . 
  this law was brought in to replace a defunct law . 
  not to mention that same law was pushed through by the brits after london + madrid , before the lisbon treaty . 
  yes and no . 
  if a government pushes a law through on the eu level , the blowback wont hit them , it 'll hit the eu . 
  so controversial shit like this can get pushed through and then pinned on someone else . 
  pretty sure `` lazy '' is a mexican stereotype . 
  nobody * ever * gets tired of the nazi jokes . 
  but what makes a chinese minority that has been there for centuries but still holds their culture and identity different to afrikaners that are the same ? 
  one is chinese one is european . 
  that 's the point i was making . 
  everyone in the us has a claim to being a victim due to this or that stereotype . 
  affirmative action ? 
  damn man you 're just rewarding the blacks for being poor and dumb . 
  welfare ? 
  why do us rich white people have to pay for those lazy hispanics ? 
  there are people within every group that think their race is discriminated against and if we , as outside observers , are n't careful - we get a very , very warped view of racial discrimination in america which is very real and is n't being addressed . 
  what 's that meant to mean ? 
  that 's how most separatism occurs ; put it to a vote and see what the people want . 
  if that does n't happen it 's nothing less than tyranny of the minority . 
  and i do n't see where this idea of `` tyranny of the majority '' comes from . 
  that 's called self-determination . 
   there 's already china . 
  and there 's already a europe with dozens of countries in it . 
  maybe all the afrikaners should get deported back here ? 
  and on an individual basis that 's a shit thing to do . 
  but on a demographical basis it makes sense . 
  the us is racist against everybody . 
  if it 's not the blacks for being poor , it 's the whites for being rich . 
  if it a ` int them , then it 's those lazy hispanics or those smart asians . 
  everybody 's a fucking victim in that country . 
  no europeans actually settled in the cape until well after the first settlements in the us . 
  exploration of africa was very much that ; exploration . 
  the same way i feel about all other `` freedom '' movements . 
  put it to popular vote . 
  if the majority is for independence and it happens , good . 
  if not , and it does n't happen , good . 
  your passive support of nationalists is disconcerting . 
  of course , i agree in that regard , i 'm just saying that i do n't think mass death is exactly a feature of communism, 
  so you 're saying nationalists are only good and pose absolutely no threat whatsoever to any democratic power structure currently in existence in ukraine or elsewhere in europe ? 
   there 've been many failings you did n't mention . 
  cambodia ( who could forget khmer rouge ? 
  ) [ 1 ] , indonesia , etc. 
  and most had a period of intense starvation with hundreds of thousands or millions dead ... aside from catalonia , which was promptly destroyed by the other communists . 
  if we want to play the famine card , 10 million people die a year from starvation and i 'm not seeing any communist nations around - do you ? 
   yes , because communism 's various revolutionary theories do not lead to communism . 
  it 's not a defense of communism that the `` revolution '' inevitably fails to lead to it , it 's a fatal flaw . 
  and what do you actually base this on ? 
  that revolution fundamentally does not work ? 
  i 'm pretty sure revolution is historically proven to bring about change . 
   you mean like every country ever ? 
  and if you think `` every country ever '' experienced what socialist and communist nations experienced under the boot of america , then you 're kidding yourself and that 's some serious / r/badhistory shit . 
   they become authoritarian because there 's no mechanism for maintaining the power of the people , and the worst types of people are attracted to the vacuum . 
  so by that logic , representative democracy is a failure , right ? 
  that is after all , how hitler and mussolini came into power . 
   absolutely can . 
  once again : it constantly failing to create what it 's supposed to is n't a defense , it 's a weakness . 
  you ca n't use that argument because it 's a load of shit . 
   i bravely await the communist moonbase , where they can be free from that whole `` existing in the real world '' thing - finally able to exist in a literal vacuum . 
  sorry , no , you ca n't break a person 's legs and then blame them for not being able to walk . 
  tell you what , maybe communism will work when america stops trying to shove its dick into every little country all around the planet . 
   no they have n't , especially when you consider the proportion of communist countries to capitalist countries . 
  in india alone more people died under capitalism than in all of china . 
  and i can go on for hours about all the bullshit africa is going through that is directly as a result of capitalist exploitation . 
   you still need to acquire resources in communism . 
  you still need to pull resources out of the ground and build them into things . 
  is this some sort of argument ? 
  look at the mortality rates . 
  china was consistently lower than india . 
  the average life expectancy was also higher . 
  the only time this changed was during the famine , for a relatively brief period of time . 
  [ here 's actually a great analysis on the great leap forward 's deathtoll ] ( http://massalijn.nl/new/did-mao-really-kill-millions-in-the-glf/ ) . 
  it ' a maoist website so obviously they have an agenda ( one i personally are n't a fan of ) but it 's pretty well sourced and well constructed . 
  yeah guys , nazis are national ** socialists ** !, 
  do n't you see !? 
  they 're the same as marx !, 
   the problem is rarely what communists aspire to , it 's what it becomes anyways . 
  there 's nothing to back this up . 
  the ussr became one thing ; cuba , china , vietnam and north korea all became entirely different things . 
  and let 's not pretend they 're all isolated from the context of the world ; it 's easy to say `` look at cuba , socialism clearly failed there , it 's an authoritarian regime and its people are not wealthy '' , and i can say ; `` american embargo of cuba '' . 
  when your country is under constant economic attack and espionage , as well as having internal dissidence supported from the outside , it is no surprise that it gravitates towards authoritarianism . 
  and if you say `` but cyridius , why did n't america do that ? '' . 
  i point you to the house of un-american activities committee . 
  i point you to operation condor . 
  i point to the fact that america dwarfed the ussr in economic and military power . 
  so , you ca n't use the `` communism has n't worked before ! '', 
  argument . 
  or that `` communism has done nothing but kill people ! '', 
  argument . 
  because , firstly , a very large part of why it did n't work was due to external factors , and secondly , mass murder is not a communist specialty by any stretch . 
  for example , more people died in india under capitalism than in china under mao , in the same time period . 
  not really , more than enough people have died in the name of capitalist profits that 's if i really wanted to i would pass out nazism and would probably rival the so-called communists . 
  it 's just that it happens in the third world so no fucks are given .
