  think of it like this . 
  you make a group of friends . 
  the group grows bigger and bigger . 
  eventually , you have a big falling out with the group and leave . 
  you are now on your own and the group goes on and keeps adding more people , because who wants to hang out with that loser ? 
  the uk itself is looking to become the strongest economy in europe within the next decade ( if they leave the eu it might not be the case , but we 'll see ) . 
  regardless of how powerful the mainland europeans are , having the uk in is always going to be a plus . 
  uk is a huge economy and looks like it 'll be the biggest one in europe next decade . 
  the un has zero potential to resolve international disputes as long as the security council exists . 
  unless you 're forced onto the same team as them . 
  it 's blatantly obvious they 're russian troops . 
  you do n't get a hold of the latest , russian made ak models , with russian armour and russian uniforms , without being in the russian military . 
  it 's to put people at ease so they do n't feel in danger . 
  there 's a difference between a man who can shoot you right this second and a man that can only threaten to shoot you right this second . 
  ukraine is a good country to have on your side . 
  economy is gone to shit , yes , but they are on the border with russia , have a large military and have good access to the black sea . 
  i can see them joining nato a bit down the line , if things go a certain way . 
  it has assurances that they 'll respect the borders and sovreignty , not defend it with their militaries . 
  georgia and ukraine are different situations entirely . 
  they share similarities but ukraine is a whole different animal to georgia . 
  how many of the ukrainian military is ethnic russian though ? 
  you could very easily see a split . 
  especially if we 're going to go down the current path we are with russia . 
  immigration . 
  societies by nature are filled with people with divergent aims and separate expectations . 
  that 's what democracy and politics is designed to handle . 
  surely you do n't think the british are all unanimously agreeing on the direction the country is heading in , in every single aspect ? 
  yeah , they raped and pillaged their way to freedom , alright . 
  so instead of helping the polish and the rest of the allies , he just annexed them . 
  got it . 
  sounds like a good guy , this stalin . 
  klitschko and valuev should duke it out for crimea . 
  honestly there are some problems democracy does not solve . 
  this is one of them . 
  we either need to accept the fact that tyranny of the majority is the answer , or that 60 % need to be shoved aside so the 40 % are represented . 
  there has to be a point when the will of the majority is the way to go , and this is one of them . 
  if the majority of those living in crimea said `` yes , let 's leave ukraine '' then i think crimea should leave ukraine . 
  is it optimal for that 40 % ? 
  but there 's no such thing as an all-pleasing decision . 
  i definitely am against our support of rebels in syria , and if i had my way we 'd be giving the finger to the saudi government . 
  but i 'm also against russia helping the assad regime . 
  it 's not like russia is a victim , it 's all politics and both west and east are making their own plays to counter one another . 
  one day i 'd like to get on with the russians ( imagine how scary a russia-eu alliance would be ) , but with current approach from both sides ( russia 's imperialistic view of its neighbours and the west 's aggressive stance on russia in general ) . 
  i 'd rather a russia that plays nicer with its neighbours and the americans . 
  normally i would read rt , but this situation involves russia too much for it to be a news source that is n't horribly biased . 
  not really . 
  the public opinion is to continue negotiations with the eu and see what deal iceland can broker before deciding whether or not they should join . 
  there are two big lobbies in iceland . 
  one is the farmers , the other is the fisheries . 
  the farmers would benefit hugely from eu membership ( through subsidies ) but their lobby would not , so they say no eu . 
  the fisheries are worried about how it would impact business , so they say no eu . 
  both parties in power right now are supported by one of the lobbies . 
  so the lobbies are saying - do n't open negotiations , and seeing as the rural vote is * very * powerful in iceland , the political parties pander to what they want , so no more eu negotiations , even though the majority urban population wants to see talks continue and look at what happens , even if the * current * overall impression of the eu is negative . 
  so the view is this ; yes to negotiations , no to the eu ( unless they get a really good deal ) . 
   would there be any additional support for agriculture in a country as barren as iceland ? 
  would any new rules on fisheries management be introduced by the eu making fishing more sustainable and possibly even giving some allowances for iceland to retain control given that it lies so far away from the mainland ? 
  the answer to the first one is certainly yes , the answer to the second one would be probably yes . 
  the eu is known for waiving certain rules under certain circumstances . 
  i 'm sure if the icelandic government made a really strong case for it , fishing rights would almost entirely be preserved with some exceptions in terms of regulation ( stopping severe over fishing etc. ), 
  that 's just my observation on the eu anyhow . 
  israel , yes denmark , why ? 
  the uk is getting a fair return . 
  it 's giving more to the eu in taxes than it gets in subsidies , yes , but in exchange it gets all the added benefits to the eu . 
  ask yourself , if you were british , would leaving the eu be a net benefit to you ? 
  as a businessman , consumer , whatever . 
  would it benefit you ? 
  not in the slightest . 
   political union = bad . 
  why ? 
  it 's actually quite simple . 
  we hate everybody , including eachother . 
   we really have no recourse to that other than violence . 
  is it likely for widespread protests to occur ? 
  the `` british scum '' was a joke , you know , because we hate you . 
  or we 're supposed to . 
  right ? 
  any kind of ultranationalist or nazi ramblings are quite illegal in germany . 
  i absolutely agree with everything you 're saying , just to add another irish flair into this conversation . 
  ... british scum . 
  that 's because it did n't . 
  the ussr fell and all that happened was a smaller , but still large and powerful , russian federation took its place . 
  the political elite is still largely the same , with the same goal . 
  you actually have a statue of leopold with his hands cut off ? 
  justice in the afterlife , people , right here . 
  try 800 years . 
  it 's sad that detroit today is worse off than it was in robocop ( as a degenerated lawless city of crime and murder ) . 
  except russia has done this before and then proceeded to invade people . 
  it 's not bluffing . 
  ah yes , all they had to do is die by the millions for flawed bolshevik and stalinist ideology . 
  working under the assumption the eu unites as a single federal state , if ukraine were part of the eu it would then share a border with the russian federation . 
  a very large , strategic border . 
  that alone is reason enough to keep ukraine in its sphere . 
  yeah , and at the end of that the us removed their missiles from turkey and the soviets removed theirs from cuba . 
  in fairness the georgians were shelling them from inside georgia , they had to invade . 
  the correct interpretation . 
  russia was forced to invade georgia to create a buffer zone because the georgians would n't stop shelling . 
  right sector is nationalist , but nazi = / = nationalist , but it sure is an easy way to demonize them . 
   i have no idea how it would work , but in situations like this it should go person by person . 
  so if you vote to limit eu migrants , your own migration rights are limited too , but if you did n't you should still be free to do erasmus or whatever else . 
  would prevent arseholes voting away other peoples rights .
