  no country within europe has the right to deny people the right to self-determination . 
  if catalonia wants to be independent , then it will be independent . 
  end of . 
  finished . 
  your mentality of militarism does n't supersede that . 
  spain 's territorial integrity does n't supersede that . 
  spain 's constitution does n't supersede that . 
  spain 's concept of nationhood and `` what spain is '' does n't supersede that . 
  the only factor of any relevance is the will of the people of catalonia . 
  nobody ever said independence benefits both parties involved , but that does n't matter . 
  go ahead and do it . 
  you 'll run out of money and food and that 'll be the end of that . 
  the whole point of being a part of a nation is that it 's a two way agreement . 
  one side agrees to pay taxes , let the nation 's government make big decisions and so on , and in return the government provides adequate services and protections . 
  when one side no longer finds the agreement worthwhile , then there is no need for the agreement to exist . 
  and so it is with catalonia . 
  it can tax its own citizens , provide its own services , and enforce its own borders , and it * wants to * . 
  self-determination is a fundamental human right . 
  that 's the beginning and end of it . 
  sorry , but you do n't understand european politics . 
  um , none of that shit you said matters . 
  simple fact ; assuming a successful referendum , people want their own country . 
  they are therefore entitled to one due to the human right of self-determination . 
  there is no argument here in this regard , you are simply wrong . 
  spain 's `` territorial integrity '' is entirely irrelevant . 
  spain 's age is entirely irrelevant . 
  spain 's nationhood is entirely irrelevant . 
  the only relevant factor in this decision is the will of the people of catalonia as is their human right . 
   same thing with scotland & the united kingdom or bavaria & germany . 
  oh , so you mean everyone ? 
   but whether talking about your block or your state , does not your municipality 's residents or your nation 's citizens get a say ? 
  no , that 's the whole point of * self * - determination . 
  [ i think this is a good fix ] ( http://i.imgur.com/anzsrph.png ) [ or if that is n't subtle enough for you ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ntim60o.jpg ), 
  apply ice to the burn . 
  ukip might actually poach some labour seats , they were pretty opposed to the privatization of royal mail and they 're in favour of nationalizing the rails . 
  it 's very difficult to get what ukip actually stands for . 
  oh yeah i 've seen them . 
  -32 next to his name , and i do n't do it blindly either . 
  i just want to know why people think the way he does . 
   if anti-immigration is pro-working class then it must be a leftist idea , because the working class defines leftism . 
  yes and no . 
  * workers * are part of what defines it , bu that also includes those who come form abroad and those who are native . 
  you 'll notice many leftist parties around the world are in favour of less immigration control . 
  with that said , many in the far-left are against the eu , not because of it 's free movement , but because it 's seen as just another vehicle for corporate control of the working class . 
  by that logic you 'll have people working cheaper than they do in china . 
  you can not compete with labour that cheap . 
  eventually these companies are going to move away . 
  the economy changes constantly . 
  you 're going to lose the unskilled labour battle which is why it 's always been so important to ensure your population is educated so they have jobs to turn to after that well has dried up . 
  yeah , they 're hit by companies moving to china . 
  if cheap labour is a problem , you increase minimum wage . 
  because it 's comically retarded . 
  bosnia stronk . 
  except the only ukip policy that is pro-poor/working class is anti-immigration , which is n't a leftist policy . 
  ukip is against welfare and for increased privatization , which is fundamentally anti-working class/poor . 
  that 's pretty much what will happen . 
  ukip is going to poach votes from the tories . 
  labour are probably going to pick up the seats the lib dems are going to lose . 
  you 're not very knowledgeable on how economic growth works , are you ? 
  i would n't compare ukip to pvv . 
  ukip is populist right-wing anti-working class party that is n't terribly fond of foreign people , but they do have some legitimate policies . 
  they 're not the british nationalist party , which would be extremist . 
  it 's funny because norway actually has to pay into a fund for non-eu members in the common market . 
  unless the uk wants to leave * everything * , they 're still going to be paying , there 's still going to be laws dictating what they can and can not do , and most of their concerns wont be addressed and they 'll be the weaker for it . 
  we 're not in the schengen area . 
  the free movement policy already does n't effect us . 
  the open border with ourselves and the uk in regards to the north is a bilateral agreement . 
  concerns can be legitimate but they 're not displaying them as such , their entire campaign is based on fear mongering and hate over hot button issues . 
  he 's saying we 're ignorant . 
  *** 26 million people want to take your jobs !, 
  *** *** act now to stop domination from brussels ***, 
  it 's funny because even with all of those `` 26 million '' immigrants unemployment in britain is still rapidly falling . 
  irish sea is totally fucked from british dumping . 
  one of the most contaminated on the planet . 
  if it was put to a referendum i would support the result . 
  i 'm a european from ireland . 
   120 % gypsy well , yeah , that was kinda covered . 
  all or nothing , scum, 
   the peace is not a result of european integration , after ww2 the situation has generally calmed down , even developing countries attack each other very rarely . 
  wait , so you 're telling me this peace project that has been going on since the 1951 treaty of paris has been totally redundant since the outset ? 
  someone should really let the eu know . 
   the peace is not a result of european integration , after ww2 the situation has generally calmed down , even developing countries attack each other very rarely . 
  / r/conspiracy is that way . 
   so with one european identity in place , everyone will be equally european regardless of ethnic identity , and ethnic identities will be suppressed . 
  our nations will disappear and will become only areas where everyone will be able to move once they will have the eu passport . 
  people getting along for the benefit of all ? 
  what a tragedy . 
  fun fact ; every single pirate attack in somalia has occurred inside its territorial waters , where all the corporations are dumping waste . 
  i do n't know why people think dumping things in the water is ever a good idea . 
  we 're so cool showing le reddit fags , we sure did it, 
  there is such a thing as an invalid opinion . 
  if they wanted to have an opinion here that mattered worth a shit they 'd contribute regularly instead of coming in here and downvoting literally everything that disagreed with either them or ukip , along with saying stupid , racist shit . 
  instead , what could 've been a good discussion was ruined and the post is gone from the frontpage . 
  because of them . 
  if this place is so shit they can stay there . 
  you do n't get banned for having an opinion here , you get banned for being a giant piece of shit , and even that takes a long time to make a ban happen . 
  all someone needs to do is look at your post history . 
  it 's pretty easy to see . 
  there 's the same post about muslims that posted to about a million different places . 
  then there 's the one about the travellers , though i suppose to you they 're just culturally inferior , not foreigners .
