  well ;  marxists sometimes  anarchists never . 
  this is contradictory to the concept of anarchism . 
   leninists yes . 
  okay , so what i 'm getting from you is that ; 1 . 
  there is no capitalism currently taking place ( despite the fact it is ) 2 . 
  the usa is communist , and so is russia and china . 
  the logic of this stance is totally absurd , so i do n't understand it . 
  that socialism is authoritarianism because it is n't capitalism , despite the fact that most countries on the planet are no longer democracies but are oligarchies or plutocracies , and despite the fact socialism is managed by direct democracy and worker ( i.e. 
  99 % of the population ) control , it is somehow authoritarian 4 . 
  despite the fact socialism ends corporate slavery , it restricts personal freedom . 
  this has not been elaborated on . 
  that you deny that there is increasing global monopoly and increasing economic stagnation , despite every single sign indicating otherwise . 
  you believe that capitalism does pay workers what they are worth , because capitalism says so . 
  you deny that capitalism is centuries old . 
  someone should probably tell the slaves shipped off to the caribbean and americas for the sugar and tobacco industry that it was n't so prices could be cheaper and companies could make bigger profits . 
  i guess the india trade companies did n't exist either . 
  or the thousands upon thousands of other industries . 
  or banks . 
  nope , no capitalism . 
  you know , i 'm not surprised you hold these opinions , because there are a lot of blatantly ignorant people in the world who clearly have no idea , but what 's surprised me is that you 've gotten upvoted while i 've gotten downvoted . 
  / r/europe knows a quality argument when it sees it , clearly !, 
   so who will decide what to produce ? 
  the workers . 
   how much are we to produce of what and at what cost ? 
  the workers decide . 
  they can do it on their own or they can pay an expert to advise them . 
   what substitute products are we to have ? 
  i do n't understand this question . 
   where does the revenue go ? 
  back to the workers . 
   who makes the decision how to invest the revenue ? 
  the workers do . 
   who organises the allocation and investment of the revenue ? 
  the workers , or whoever the workers pay . 
   how well has that worked before ? 
  it can be rather [ successful ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mondrag%c3%b3n_cooperative_corporation ) the whole point of democratic control of the work place , as in , worker control of the workplace , is the removal of the concept of profit surplus . 
  if there is any profit , it goes directly back to the workers . 
  this is how small cooperatives often pay their workers better than large , multinational corporations , because they have no management to give bonuses to and no shareholders to appease . 
  all profits go back to the workers and as such the workers can then decide what they want to do with them , either on an individual basis or collectively . 
  worker control of the means of production . 
  why ? 
   it 's a biased statement but that does n't make it less valid . 
  and where 's his evidence for it ? 
  maybe they can quote me in the wikipedia article saying `` capitalism is the root of all evil and it should be wiped off the face of the earth '' , that would n't make it the right opinion . 
  the absence of capitalism does not lead to authoritarianism at all , but of course a capitalist would say that . 
   that does n't matter . 
  even if everyone gets paid what their work is worth no they 're not . 
  this has been explained to you repeatedly . 
  what the market values them at is not what they are worth . 
  if worker were paid what they were worth there would be no profit and capitalism would not exist . 
   so you 're saying colonialism , ** something that happend centuries before the birth of capitalism ** hah , that 's funny . 
  pick up a history book sometime . 
  capitalism was n't invented yesterday . 
   you view everything black and white and that 's what 's really dangerous . 
  moderation fallacy . 
  just because i 'm arguing for one side does not mean i am not correct . 
   china has been ruled by a communist party . 
  saying it 's capitalistic is just beyond being stupid . 
  jesus christ , look past the fucking name . 
  the communist party in china is not socialist in nature at all . 
  a cursory look at them tells you they employ state capitalism with very , very large amounts of private ownership . 
   not even . 
  please read up on the differences between capitalism and politics . 
  trying to separate capitalism from politics is the biggest joke in existence . 
   both have their setbacks . 
  look at the current nations , they 're all shades of grey , not one or the other . 
  they 're absolutely nothing of socialism . 
  socialism requires worker control . 
  just because a state regulates capital does not mean it is socialist or that it is not in any way capitalist . 
   but they do share resources inequally . 
  everyone gets what they need . 
   to a degree , but did you know states can own businesses ? 
  that 's something called state capitalism . 
  instead of being a condescending ass and replying to everything with `` hurr durr look it up lel '' you should probably know what you 're discussing . 
   you 're limiting freedom of the people . 
  [ here you go . 
  ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/criticisms_of_marxism#suppression_of_individual_rights[1] ) throwing the same wiki page at me over and over again is n't an argument . 
  saying `` capitalism = freedom '' is n't an argument . 
  in fact , many socialists would argue they 're dramatically increasing freedom by ending corporate slavery and bring the democratic control down to the bottom as opposed to keeping it at the top . 
   they are paid what their market value is . 
  that 's not their production value . 
  the market is capitalist and therefore not paying them what they are worth . 
  this is a [ good explanation if you 're interested ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ymdiggoykhs )  so where can i own stocks in socialism ? 
  oh no , you ca n't own shares , so evil and authoritarian !, 
   people argue that power will become the new currency . 
  people argue that the sky is a carpet made by god . 
  power is a function of currency . 
   saying one ideology is at fault for everything in the world is ignorant . 
  no it is n't , and i did n't say it was at fault for everything , just the vast majority of the big things . 
  such as colonialism ( and colonial genocide ) , rapid expansion of slavery , most wars , increasing inequality , most crime , and just a whole load of other things . 
   i do n't care for capitalism nor communism because they are both fundamentally faulty . 
  what do you care for ? 
  because you 're arguing incredibly hard for capitalism as someone who `` does n't care for capitalism '' . 
   do you seriously believe that or are you just being plain stupid ? 
  oh , sorry , by that definition nothing on the planet is capitalism . 
  but seeing as the current version of state monitored capitalism is virtually the only form that has ever existed , ever , on the face of this planet , then yes , russia and china are both absolutely capitalist states . 
   for one even communism has different degrees of pay . 
  no it does n't . 
   read above where i said `` both on their own are stupid but if you mix them you 've a better society . '', 
  how precisely do you plan on mixing two fundamentally and diametrically opposed ideologies ?
