  right . 
  unfortunately more aid does n't end up in the `` terrorist 's '' hands , they could do with a few of those tanks , planes , rifles and choppers the us is fond of shipping israel . 
  of course we all like to forget that it was france who supplied israel before everyone else and gave them nuclear capability , but sure who gives a fuck about that . 
  russia can move its troops anywhere it wants within its territory . 
  but that does n't mean it is n't aggressive or provokative . 
  you ever have a friend you like to annoy ? 
  or a sibling ? 
  you ever do `` not touching , ca n't tell ! '' ? 
  it 's when you put your hand or finger or whatever so close to their face that it 's constantly in their way or bothering them in some way or manner , but they ca n't do anything about it because you 're not actually touching them and therefore are doing nothing wrong . 
  yeah , same thing . 
  russia knows what its doing . 
  it 's provoking its neighbours with aggressive troop movements . 
  in times of high tension , mobilizing like that is seen as a hostile action . 
  the 6 day war when israel attacked the arabs states without war declaration was done in response to large scale military mobilization on all frontiers by the arab league in a time of extremely high tension when both sides were threatening eachother . 
  so do n't say that `` omg you guys are saying russia cant move in side its own territory that 's bs '' because that is n't what 's happening . 
  most college educated population in europe by 0.1 % get shit on luxembourg yeaaaaah, 
  people tend to be very nostalgic about the ussr ... as a communist myself i find it very difficult to resist the flow , so to speak . 
  the ussr was a police state . 
  it was corrupt . 
  it was n't even real communism . 
  but then you 're sitting there and you hear about the days of the ussr , and it 's like `` we had x , we had y , yeah sure we did n't have z. 
  but we were ok with that . '', 
  and you 're just thinking that you 'd love to have been able to lived through it jut to feel the experience and share those memories . 
  and it 's that feeling that lets a lot of people whitewash the crimes of the soviet union and forget about all the bad things that happened there . 
  i guess it 's just what happens when you have people with a very strong ideological inclination but with no country to look to as the representative of their ideal world . 
  and it 's because of that , many people look on russia fondly as the successor state of the ussr . 
  hell , anything to with europe is relevant here . 
  is the uk not in europe ? 
  usa has denounced russia !, 
  their bases in russia and not on the border with a country they 're threatening ? 
  you know , where they were before ? 
  they could be using wingdings and i 'd still find it easier . 
  take a look at a map sometime and get back to me . 
  about 2/3 of istanbul ( most populated city in europe ) are on the european side , and there 's a large bit of land after that as well . 
  there is a significant portion of turkey that is in europe as a landmass . 
  change the name , then . 
  i do n't see why we should n't just accept mediterranean countries , makes the whole thing much simpler in defining boundaries . 
  given that parts of turkey , and a significant population of it , are in europe , it is still very much up to question . 
  the only reason you get involved in those conflicts in the first place is because they 're in `` your '' interests . 
  not adequate enough to handle the russians . 
  because the us can definitely shut itself of from the entire planet and experience absolutely no negative consequences whatsoever . 
  ehhhhhh at least i am great at something !, 
  i personally think ireland should annex northern ireland . 
  surely the catholic majority there is enough cause , cus catholic = nationalist amirite or amirite ? 
  oh , i know , it 's not like i advocate it wherever i go , it 's just if it comes up i 'd state my opinion on the matter . 
  well , worldnews is self-explanatory . 
  it 's a cesspit filled with racists , shills , ignorant fucks , and just generally terrible people . 
  it is the lowest quality content sub on this entire site . 
  i would know , according to reddit , / r/worldnews was my top karma earner , so i posted there quite a bit before i unsubbed . 
  ukrainianconflict is probably just hijacked , as all small subs built around controversial issues are . 
  remember when this whole snowden controversy erupted ? 
  there was a sub , like `` respect the 4th '' or something , that was basically anti-surveillance . 
  it ended up getting hijacked by pro-gov shills and some of them got modded and that was the end of that movement . 
  so , long story short , if someone has serious interests in media manipulation , reddit 's admins are not proactive/don ' t care enough to do anything about it , and seeing as this site is `` community driven '' , then someone can easily get bought or just let it slip and a sub can get geared towards specific interests . 
  precisely how micro is his penis ? 
  it 's an accepted fact . 
  the same way we all knew we were being spied on long before snowden came about . 
  the same way we know the russians are doing it . 
  however , it is nowhere near as extensive or effective as russia . 
   . til all immigrants are from 4 countries there 's a central african republic , but central africa is a region . 
  car , sudan etc. 
   . egypt is n't . 
  also car and libya and low level these days . 
  syrians can flee to jordan or lebanon . 
  you clearly know nothing about any of these places . 
  and you 're displaying a blatant double standard . 
   . right , so the response to people breaking the law is to give in to their demands and let no , the response to a broken law is to fix it . 
  `` keep telling yourself that '' - no , support your point . 
  tell me how they are worse off if they return their previous position . 
  jail , death , starvation , poverty - just little things , nothing to concern yourself about . 
  god dammit , do n't they know how lazy i am ? 
   few of them are fleeing actual hellholes . 
  til egypt , libya , syria and central africa are n't hell holes . 
   if they did n't try and break the law , they would n't need to be sent back if it was n't made so difficult , they would n't need to break the law . 
   we 're not making them worse off you keep telling yourself that . 
  wow , you 're just full of knowledge . 
  til the truth is hyperbole . 
  a lot of communism believes that once we reach our technological peak - as in , as far as capitalist innovation brings us - * then * it would be the time to replace our corrupt capitalist society with a socialist , then communist society , as machines would be doing most of the work for us and corporations would no longer be accepted as a necessary evil . 
  most people that come here do so to work . 
  you keep track of them and it 'll be harder for them to either be exploited for criminal gain or take advantage of the system . 
  it 's embarrassing to me that he represents socialism in the ep . 
  500 people is a significant enough sample size provided it was dispersed correctly . 
  consider in world war 2 that only 2 % of the adult male population joined the french resistance , 20 % is fairly significant . 
  hell , the actual french military comprised of < 10 % of their population , and that was with conscription . 
  wan na know how to fix this problem ? 
  make legally immigrating very , very easy . 
  there , all your immigrants are registered , taxable , trackable , and you can actually coordinate with other eu member states on how to deal with them . 
  what 's humane about sending people back to a hell hole they 've already risked their lives to get out of ? 
  if you 're going to kill someone at least have the balls to put the bullet in them yourself instead of letting someone else do it and claim innocence after the fact . 
  and people call me an insane monster for wanting to make gun ownership a legal right . 
  people have fucked up views on immigration on this continent . 
  maybe that 's what we should 've done during the cold war . 
  ship everybody back across to border and let the soviets handle them , amirite ? 
  if he should n't have been elected then people would n't vote for him . 
  it 's not your ( or my ) place to say who people should be voting for to represent them . 
  his place in politics was decided by the people of northern ireland , who voted him into parliament . 
  he 's a deputy first minister meeting his head of state . 
  i think you 're the person i 've given the most upvotes to on reddit . 
  yes , the free state refused to accept it because it was n't what it was lead to believe . 
  we were * trading * land with the north , not simply getting a tonne of it back as lloyd george said we would .
