  there 's no reason to , they 'd leave and we 'd lose everything . 
  we 're subservient to the corporations and their interests because if we did otherwise we 'd have nothing . 
  the rent in dublin is fucking insane . 
  even tallaght 's all out . 
  and the poor fuckers that need to use rent allowance have no chance ; even if they could afford it nobody accepts it !, 
  that should be fucking illegal . 
  i usually disagree with / u/huonym but in this case he 's dead fucking right . 
  not about the famine , that 's moronic . 
  but about the irish elites , the ones that we kept after we proclaimed our independence , the ones that we should 've gotten rid of . 
  when we kicked out the brits all we did was replace their elites with ours , and it was business as usual after that point . 
  the brits treated us like a colony , because we were , but to pretend that the exploitation of irish people is nothing but a british phenomenon is simply burying our heads in the sand . 
  * if you remove the british army tomorrow , and hoist the green flag over dublin castle , unless you organize a socialist republic , all your efforts will still have been in vain , and england will still rule you through her landlords , capitalists , and commercial institutions * - james connolly, 
   we need to kick out the entire wahhabi doctrine and its followers out of europe . 
  period . 
  i agree entirely . 
  anybody that sees me comment knows that i generally am like `` wtf guys it 's not all muslims grow the fuck up stop being racist assholes '' but wahhabism , in contrast with islam as a whole , is a * fundamentally * extremist and ultraconservative ideology . 
  it will * never * fit in here . 
  it needs to gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo, 
  and communism did n't even come out of russia , so that 's another one off the list . 
   breshnev was pushing for a political solution the whole time , but had to give in to military hardliners and the pressure of the soviet satellites to intervene * `` if i had not voted for soviet armed assistance to czechoslovakia you would not be sitting here today , but quite possibly i would n't either . 
  '' * - brezhnev to bohumil simon, 
  syria is not somewhere you can claim the moral high ground . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/dota2/search?q=shoe&amp;restrict_sr=on&amp;sort=relevance&amp;t=all i think this is the specific thread http://www.reddit.com/r/dota2/comments/26276o/a_promise_is_a_promise/, 
  well frankly the collapse of the ussr was one of the largest geopolitical disaster of the century , if not the largest . 
  it allowed america free reign over the planet in order to secure its hegemony . 
  and what did it do with that free reign ? 
  america has intervened * eight times * on foreign soil in the last 25 years ( i 'm excluding the intervention against isis here ) , several of which were major wars . 
  in the past 5 decades before that ? 
  four . 
  so i think saying that it was a massive geopolitical disaster that the main opposing force to the usa collapsed and left the world with one global power , is fairly accurate . 
  rfe/rl is extreme propaganda ; but you 'll get attacked by people for saying it because it was `` good during communism '' . 
  nobody ever stopped spying on eachother . 
  i 'm sure the governments know exactly what 's in those trucks ; but they 'd risk their spies/admit to it if they said anything . 
  it 's like that guy on / r/dota2 who had to eat a shoe all over again . 
  that 's actually happened before . 
  ussr in the winter war . 
  no , in other countries as well . 
  but it 's usually done with permission of the host country . 
  i 'm not contending it . 
  ah , the israeli shows his true colours . 
  that 's a shocker . 
  when your entire challenge is based on the statement `` it 's got nothing to do with economics , a very well known and proven factor , it 's just that they 're muslims , duhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh '' , um , yeah , i 'm going to say you do n't understand . 
   i really do n't want some +70 million muslims to be able to enter europe . 
  got ta live up to those stereotypes . 
  i actually would feel about as free in both countries . 
  the idea that the us is some sort of `` free country '' is a bad joke - whatever a `` free country '' is . 
  * highest prison population on the planet - both per capita and in hard numbers , this is facing increasing privatization , and this is n't just about who owns the prisons ; there are very few of those . 
  it 's also about who provides the services , who provides the security , and so on and so forth . 
  it 's enough of an industry that the prison population has increased by 800 % in the last 40 years . 
  how about the fact that a black man is 10 times more likely to end up with prison sentence for drug offenses than a white man ? 
  * extremely brutal police forces which regularly murder people ; we can talk about the brutality of the turkish police all we want but the us law enforcement has reacted brutally to similar protests to the gezi park ones . 
  * the fact that the us is an oligarchy ; like russia . 
  * you got them on the journalists thing . 
  turkey does arrest journalists quite a bit . 
  and it 's wrong . 
  but hey , why arrest journalists when you can imprison their sources and intimidate them ? 
  this whole dick swinging contest you have going on about how shitty turkish government is compared to the us is laughable . 
  they 're as bad as eachother . 
  and the same goes for more than a few european governments ; this is n't some national issue that we can blame people for , it 's a flaw in our system which we have to acknowledge . 
  we have countries like the uk in the eu , where you can get brought to court for making a comment on twitter , i do n't see how turkey is that much different . 
  it just does n't pretend . 
  if you want to have a legitimate go at turkish policies , go with their stance on the kurds . 
  your lack of understanding about the socioeconomic conditions is very obvious . 
  if you 're going to show such a closed worldview with absolutely no depth , do not enter discussions . 
  thank you . 
  true , but it 's a pretty poor form of democracy . 
  then again it 's not like liberal democracy is the end-all-be-all of democracy either . 
  well , that 's special . 
  everything is fucking blocked in germany . 
  i do n't know how you handle that shit . 
  the us and eu throw aide money at corrupt governments . 
  not at democracy movements within the country . 
  africans do n't want their countries to be shit . 
  they do n't want europe to be the people to fix all their problems . 
  they want to develop . 
  you give them the resources and opportunity , and they will . 
  one of the big problems is western companies working there corrupt the governments , get them to lower regulations , harvest the wealth and then just ship it back home with minimal benefit to the local populations . 
  what we should be doing is funding anti-corruption and pro-democracy movements , not throwing aide money ( and by aide money i mean `` do what we say or else you 're not getting this '' money ) at the already corrupt governments . 
  of course , it does n't fix the problem today or tomorrow , but it means that the likes of france wont need to intervene again in the future . 
  i 'm not white . 
  do n't try to impress your racial culture onto me , thanks . 
  that was so edgy i think you cut me . 
  if you want to be a colonialism apologist , be my guest . 
  not going to argue with apologists for exploitation and genocide . 
  it 's fucking tragic what 's going on . 
  people * want to work * . 
  they 're not all lazy . 
  they just need to be empowered and given the tools , and they 'll * work for themselves * . 
  there needs to be initiatives to encourage workers and the unemployed to work together and create cooperatives . 
  especially cooperatives . 
  unlike corporations , worker 's co-ops do n't simply leave to make more money when the economy gets bad , it 's not how they 're designed . 
  they focus more on keeping people employed when possible . 
  hell , mondragon corporation in spain literally * finds jobs * for people when they become unemployed due to economic reasons . 
  the unemployed should be banding together and creating worker 's cooperatives . 
  italy has a law that if you can get 10 other unemployed people together they 'll give you your welfare in a single lump sum provided it goes towards making a cooperative . 
  they 're so much more localized and focused far less of profit margins , they 're a great way to keep people employed while also employing a more democratic version of the workplace . 
  of course , it all * sounds * easy , but it 'll work with some sweat and elbow grease , like every other business venture . 
  welcome to how ireland deals with its problems . 
  i just think a lot of people do n't trust the government to manage it , which i do n't think is fair . 
  we should get our own plant in ireland , imo .
