  these people died as much by the hand of the separatists who pulled the trigger not knowing who it was , as they did by the airline management who sent them over that conflict zone to save some money on fuel . 
  thirdly , i * do * think ukraine is partially responsible for not entirely closing that airspace and allowing their traffic controllers to keep that route open . 
  that was a big fuck up . 
  this entire situation was a tragedy , but if we 're going to do politics we need to differentiate emotion from logic here and see that it was an accident , not an act of war . 
  i do believe that the eu should very much personally secure the crash site and directly manage the investigations , but in terms of intervening in the crisis ? 
  that 's up in the air . 
   un blue helmets will not prop up the criminals in that region they do n't need to , their presence is there to stop the two forces fighting , once that happens , the russians can prop up any regime they want in the east . 
  look at cyprus and what happened there ; the un brokered ceasefire lead to two separate states , one of which is n't recognized yet nonetheless still exists . 
  may be , but caricatures are essentially designed to just exaggerate the appearances of its subjects , and putin does have a remarkable nose . 
  terrorism is more about intent than end result . 
  they were also safe at 33,000 ft on mh17 , turns out that was n't true either . 
  as a passenger i would rather avoid the region altogether . 
  that is n't remotely how it works and i do n't know where you came up with that genius idea . 
  i 'm not coming up with ideas here , this is generally how it works . 
  i sense you 're being sarcastic , but i think this is in russia 's interests . 
  if un sends in troops , that maintains the status quo ; the rebels right now are losing , though it is quite the pyrrhic victory for ukraine . 
  as soon as the un is deployed and the fighting stops , the rebels are essentially getting what they want in a * de facto * sense ; firstly there are recognized as a legitimate force and , secondly , by extension they 'll * de facto * have a state territory . 
  i fully expect russia to * back * un troops , as it prolongs the conflict in the region and allows the rebels to establish control over territory they 're currently losing . 
  a un force would be very counter to ukraine 's interests . 
  this conflict is n't exactly going to end peacefully , so peacekeeping forces are n't going to fix anything for ukraine . 
  international observers to watch the conflict continue though and make sure it 's on the level , would probably be what ukraine wants . 
  not an end to the fighting . 
  in terms of ukraine 's interests , all it does is maintain status quo , which in real terms means a new transnistria in east ukraine . 
  at the start of this conflict it would 've made sense , before any independence was declared , but now that separatists have their own `` country '' and territory , peacekeepers on the ground , while preferable to humanitarians , is politically unsound on ukraine 's side ( which is going to make them look bad ) . 
  i fully expect to see russia backing a un peacekeeping force . 
  precisely , if spain refuses to recognize catalonia 's independence - should it happen - then the new state may well just ignore the debt and shove it all onto spain until such a time negotiations occur . 
  i 'm not fond of de valera in his domestic approach but his stances on foreign policy were generally admirable . 
  proportionate to whatever the negotiating parties decides is appropriate . 
  he 's one of those people that does n't know what communism or socialism is and anything to the left of centre is a filthy commie . 
  `` all the small states can do , if the statesmen of the greater states fail in their duty , is resolutely to determine that they will not become the tools of any great power and that they will resist with whatever strength they may possess every attempt to force them into a war against their will . '', 
  there is precedent for unified nato ownership of assets . 
  thing is that germany has barely any with russia to start with , definitely not on the same scale as france . 
   nobody can really understand ttip and the long-term impact or benefit it will have on everybody 's life all the more reason to oppose it, 
  spain can into republica ? 
  if catalonia unilaterally declares independence and spain is stupid enough not to recognize it , the debt burden will stay on spain because the catalans probably wont take it . 
  if spain is smart they 'll negotiate in that eventuality and pass on a proportionate amount of the debt burden to the new catalan government . 
  any kind of independence would be met with taking a proportionate amount of the debt . 
  that assumes that spain plays ball with catalonia though , then they can just avoid taking on the debt . 
  pretending nothing happened is clearly the best option ... 
  yup , stupidly enough . 
  your government has said repeatedly it would give up selling the ships if the rest of europe showed it was serious about sanctions . 
  but europe has n't , so it wont . 
  yeah , screw those damn mongols !, 
  he means that the uk government will attempt to protect the city of london in any sanctions to the point of blocking them . 
  which it has in the past , but is unsurprising given that london is essentially the uk 's economic cornerstone . 
  however i do n't think the uk will block them as strongly , now that its own citizens have been killed . 
  the irish government will back you up . 
  with `` strong words '' and pathetic whimpering . 
  you 're fighting a losing battle . 
  lies = / = dissenting views, 
  americans are going to get really pissy now that americans have been killed . 
  nationalism does that . 
  the us are going to have to take steps up . 
  ** rabble rabble rabble rabble **, 
  i get told that by europeans as well . 
  it is n't exactly an american issue ... 
  til, 
  there was nothing anti-american about anything i said . 
  lusitania , iran air , korean air , siberia air back in 2001 . 
  how is lusitania relevant ? 
  how is korean airlines relevant ? 
  why are you making a big deal out of nothing ? 
  iran airlines is probably the most infamous airline war disaster in existence . 
  i do n't think it 's ridiculous or anti-american to mention it when it 's quite relevant to the comment i was replying to . 
  stop seeing issues where there are n't any . 
  i do n't think any side would * intentionally * shoot down a passenger craft . 
  that 's just never , ever , a good idea and never advances any sort of cause . 
  i say russia because they 're acting far more aggressively in the past few days ( shooting rockets over borders etc. ), 
  and would be far more likely out of either ukraine or russia to shoot at a plane entering its airspace . 
  however the most likely case would be the separatists , who have no air traffic control and would probably just assume that if it 's in the skies it 's ok to shoot at it . 
  because they 're dumb as fuck . 
  yeah , and that 's incredibly fucked up that they still officially deny responsibility . 
  but that does n't change what 's happening now . 
  no , more like a 21st century iran air flight 655 . 
  [ sure does ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iran_air_flight_655 ), 
  i do n't think they 're that dumb . 
  ukraine already has everyone on their side , and frankly we 're going to find out who did it . 
  it sounds like something the separatists would do without realizing it , or the russians because they 're pretty much on maximum alert and the ukrainian and russian militaries have been pushing eachother . 
  it probably wont take long for us to figure out . 
  satellites , man . 
  the whole world is watching ukraine , they 'll probably find out exactly where the missile was fired from . 
  it 's a possibility but it would n't make sense . 
  the separatists have no combat aircraft , there would n't be a reason for their s.a.m.s to be so on edge as to shoot down a passenger aircraft that high up . 
  lower , maybe , as it could be mistaken for a military aircraft , but damn ... 
  or that russia shot it down . 
  jesus malaysia is having a shit year . 
  it 's almost like people * do n't want nice things * . 
  that 's hilarious , then . 
  i have no vested interest either way , i 'm not swedish . 
  no , i think that was feminist initiative . 
  they 've worked pretty well with iran , actually . 
  iran is seriously relaxing its stance towards the west and trying to improve relations , and is in serious talks with the us et al. 
  about cutting its nuclear developments in exchange for doing away with sanctions . 
  you have to hit people where it hurts with a sanction . 
  the challenge is finding what specifically makes a country squirm . 
  well , yeah , they 're the social democrats , not the socialists . 
  the same way the socialist party in france are social democrats , but not socialists . 
  most parties that have `` socialist '' in their name have it for historical reasons , in that their party used to be socialist but then drifted centre . 
  it 's satire , the whole video is making fun of the privatized education system , and the video is supposed to show things from a investor 's perspective , where `` more money = better '' . 
   i would even call them close-to-communists .
