  i got the english translation ( euronews ) and it was absolutely butchered . 
  thanks / u/naurgul, 
  as soon as scotland apologizes for the ulster plantations !, 
  but really , i consider inter-european , and even medieval north african-european conflicts and territorial changes and so on , as a totally different league . 
  the power disparities were not nearly so large or unfair . 
  no , but the united kingdom is . 
  the roman empire is not . 
  vikings and normans were not state entities , nor were any barbarian tribes . 
  belgium , netherlands , uk , france , and any other currently existing country that practiced in the slave trade , either as a seller or buyer , is still around to be held accountable . 
  not a very good example , but you do not acquit a man for murder because the victims have no families or friends to call for justice . 
  but then europeans would have to admit we did something bad . 
  hopefully turkey sorts him and the akp out , i 'd hate to see such a great country fall any further . 
  the guy on the ground . 
  i was talking about the video of him hitting a girl . 
  and if he could n't fit everyone into the mine , he probably should n't have tried doing it , and he probably should n't have shot down an opposition move to investigate the mine a few weeks ago , as well . 
  de gaulle rejected the uk 's joining for two reasons ; 1 . 
  he saw the uk as a conduit for american influence . 
  in short , he wanted to keep americans out of the european community . 
  de gaulle resented the uk 's treatment of himself during world war ii . 
  for example , they sent other generals to go fight in africa , when he wanted to go . 
  another was that they were actively planning on supplanting him in france with other leaders , or at the least preventing him from gaining power , but relented when they got scared of communists . 
  he held that grudge pretty consistently . 
  he saw the uk as a force that would eventually split the community and as an american puppet . 
  whether he was right or not in thinking that ? 
  well , look at the past few decades and you tell me . 
  e : woah , what 's with the downvotes ? 
  everything i said is accurate . 
  i 'm not a libertarian , sorry , i just do n't believe in revisionism and censorship . 
  i 'm actually realistic . 
  what do you think google is going to do when they 're hit with millions of these requests ? 
   it 's a small price to pay it is not a small price to pay , it 's a gigantic and disproportionate price . 
  there is absolutely zero infringement on your privacy when you make information public and google indexes it , therefore none of your rights are being violated and the only people being `` protected '' by this ruling are people who seek to unjustifiably - and it can ** never ** be justified - erase history , and this is being done so at the expense of everyone else . 
  this is so moronic i do n't even know where to start . 
  this has nothing to do with corporations . 
  it has everything to do with media and censorship . 
  this ruling is just another step towards government control of the internet and seizing the method of distribution of information . 
  it is a bad precedent and it should be stamped out immediately . 
  you have no right , or rather you should not , to erase history just because you 're embarrassed . 
  it opens up the way for revisionism . 
  decentralized federations , man . 
  is there a similar map to show which country provides the * most * of a specific export in the eu ? 
  and nato already does that . 
  we should really just maintain pretenses . 
  finland and sweden , and even ireland are nato states in all but name . 
   not technically true -- both uk and france have global projection power not on the level of the us . 
  most european missions use american logistics for troop movements . 
  check out a sub he created ... / r/islamunveiled, 
  essentially ukip supporters . 
  depends how left-wing you want to go . 
  go far left enough and you hit socialists and communists who believe an integrated military encourages warfare and is a vehicle for imperialism . 
  the left is quite divided on this one . 
  there are some that view it this way , and then there are some who view european integration as fundamentally good in principal , which would include things like a united military . 
  go right just the correct amount and you make the argument that a united military secures european interests and allows us to exert influence globally , and then another part of the right that argues its a surrender to sovreignty and prevents nations from protecting their own interests and their own people . 
  so , theoretically , one could argue this is n't an issue of left vs. right , as there is an area of crossover where both sides can agree , albeit for entirely different reasons . 
  no single source , no , you 've got to look at a lot of numbers and do the crunching yourself if you want a halfway reliable answer . 
  global firepower is not particularly accurate . 
  europe . 
  greece spends more on military in relation to gdp than most countries in europe . 
  its military strength relative to its size , population , and borders is astounding . 
  it 's often referred to as a military superpower . 
  they have advanced systems that most other countries in europe do not have . 
  they have a large airforce , a large standing army and a lot of tanks . 
  they 're dirt poor , but they have a lot of guns , and enough big ones . 
  unattainable by force in the places it has been tried . 
  one simply can not skip two tiers of society ( capitalism and socialism ) and expect it to work out . 
  a great misconception people have about communists is that communists just want to launch a violent revolution and overthrow society and create communism etc. 
  nah , communism acknowledges the utility of capitalism and its innovative nature , but argues that there will be a point when it runs its course and should be supplanted with socialism . 
  how is up to debate . 
  that socialism then progresses towards communism in the same way capitalism is supposed to progress towards socialism . 
  it 's like evolution . 
  yeah ... go highlight cyprus but nothing about , you know , cyprus being an eu territory which is adjacent to greece , one of the strongest military forces on the continent . 
  no , i 'm sorry , but i think the person who * created * the word knows what it means more than you do , or even i do . 
  and , by the way , marx is n't the only communist thinker in existence , try widen your repertoire of derogatory references . 
  communist and nation are indisputably incompatible concepts . 
  this is a fact . 
  if you want to discuss philosophy and ideology , use proper terms ; socialist , stalinist , leninist , marxist , maoist , marxist-leninist , luxemburgist , anarchist , libertarian-socialist , eurocommunist , christian , trotskyite , and i 'm not even half way done . 
  this argument needs to be made because it makes an utterly false portrayal . 
  you can not call the ussr a socialist or communist state , you can call it a stalinist one , in the same way the united kingdom is not an absolute monarchy because they have a monarch head of state . 
  if you 're going to attempt to argue ideology , you need to know which one you 're talking about in order for anyone on the other side of the fence to take you even remotely seriously , and at that point all you 're doing is speaking into an echo chamber . 
  well , i thought it was easy enough to understand ; picture of a woman ; presumably isabel carrasco . 
  headline was ; isabel carrasco : `` hijo de puta , se va a enterar ese tipo ... ya le llegar\u00e1 su hora '' , which was translated for us above . 
  now , i do n't know any time a headline takes that form without it directly quoting the person who 's name was mentioned . 
  to me , it seemed obvious enough that it was quoting the politician , and seeing that it was the same spanish he translated , if you worked through it you should 've been able to figure it out in a pretty straight forward fashion . 
  but then again when people asked a second time he really should 've just explained . 
  killing someone is n't * the * solution , it 's * a * solution . 
  this is so fucking american . 
  i 'm just taking a screenshot to preserve the memory . 
  why am i surprised you ca n't even recognize a flag . 
  go back in your hole , ameritard . 
  no , you 're blatantly referring to the russians and nazis to excuse , or even deny existence , of the millions of lives taken as a matter of american foreign policy . 
  this is / r/shitamericanssay material . 
  cus russian = personally knows putin , duh, 
  it stopped simply being anger weeks ago . 
  it 's circlejerking . 
  retards say shit in europe all the time and we do n't plaster it all over here . 
  and the us is responsible for the massacres of millions of its own . 
  stop trying to rewrite history with classic whataboutism . 
  there 's not any backtracking going on , you can put away your freedom boner any time , now . 
   or are you now going to tell me about a communist nation that wasnt an evil , oppressive dictatorship ? 
  nope .
