  what a stupid reply . 
  it 's a problem whether you like it or not . 
  if non-irish people are getting the jobs than that money is leaving ireland as opposed to staying here and being spent by irish people . 
  that does n't mean we quit the eu . 
  but that does n't mean the problem does n't exist , either . 
  there is such a thing as , you know , admitting a problem exists in this area without coming up with insane anti-immigration concepts . 
  i do n't blame her . 
  russia and russians have been the source of problems in eastern europe consistently for a century now , not surprised she 's finally sick of their shit . 
  because it 's an interim government therefore everyone who was voted into parliament in the last election is involved . 
  i would n't called svoboda fascists ( they arguably were in the past when they were under the name of the `` national socialist party '' ) , they 're definitely right wing nationalists though , which is close enough for some people . 
  woops , i meant jean-marie , you guys have confusing names . 
  the fn have been causing huge political scares since jean-marie 's era . 
  i doubt this is anything new . 
  right wing nationalists thrive when a country is in a poor state , simply disempower them by ignoring them and focusing on the issues . 
  the fn have been causing huge political scares since jean-marie 's era . 
  i doubt this is anything new . 
  right wing nationalists thrive when a country is in a poor state , simply disempower them by ignoring them and focusing on the issues . 
  the fn have been causing huge political scares since jean-marie 's era . 
  i doubt this is anything new . 
  right wing nationalists thrive when a country is in a poor state , simply disempower them by ignoring them and focusing on the issues . 
  the fn have been causing huge political scares since jean-marie 's era . 
  i doubt this is anything new . 
  right wing nationalists thrive when a country is in a poor state , simply disempower them by ignoring them and focusing on the issues . 
  how multiculturalism works depends entirely on the society and the people living within it . 
  for example , it is working brilliantly in ireland . 
  there are no cultural tensions or ethnic violence of any sort , nor is there institutionalized racism . 
  the problem is when people think it works all the time no matter where it is . 
  multiculturalism will not work in many places , and it depends entirely on whether or not the `` host '' culture is prepared for external influence or not . 
  so , the way i see it , let each country manage itself as it need be , there 's no one truly correct agenda on the issue . 
  personally , i do n't see anything wrong with being liberal as long as it is n't the kind of liberal that ca n't think for themselves and is constantly of the impression that change is always good . 
  for example i see absolutely nothing wrong with equality regardless of sexual preference , however abortion is a hot button issue due to its ethical implications . 
  how is that relevant to this at all ? 
  exactly , as a computer science major i do n't see myself having a long term future in ireland , sweden ( scandinavia as a whole , really ) and canada have been pretty high on my radar for quite a long time . 
  now , i 'm neither here nor there when it comes to the tax cuts . 
  ireland needs companies here . 
  the tax cuts are one of the ways we attract them . 
  however , if they were so important , there are several other places within europe that would literally be tax havens to a much greater degree than ireland is . 
  the issue , as has been brought up , is that almost all of it is tech support . 
  very little of it is high skill tech industry like r&d or actual development , which is why i find it amusing when people call leixlip , or dublin , or ireland in general , the `` silicon valley of europe '' , because the amount of high skill tech industry here is actually very minimal . 
  all i know is that right now , the tax cuts are attracting tech industry . 
  it is n't great . 
  it 's not something off the wall . 
  it is something we should be proud of , regardless . 
  they all have their offices here , they 've all brought more than their bank accounts ( there are plenty better places than ireland in europe for a tax haven ) . 
  the problem is that a very large amount of these jobs are not going to irish people . 
  what 's the point of fdi is most of it is leaving the country ? 
  i 'm do n't know * why * this is the case , but i know that it 's a broken system right now and something ought to be done about it , though how to fix it is n't my area of knowledge . 
  i believe there 's one other person on this sub that uses it . 
  ireland looks like a bear , britain an old woman , spain a woman lying down , cosica/sardinia is some sort of knome ( ? 
  ) , russia is a baker , turkey is a sleeping woman , austria is a man crushed between the soldier of prussia and the insane man of greece , denmark seems to be some sort of small old woman , italy is a man ( dancing ? 
  ) , france looks like some sort of wise old man , scandinavia may be a griffin ? 
  and belgium looks like an accordion , but it 's too low resolution to see ( same goes for portugal ) and switzerland is a house . 
  that 's just what i see, 
  how new are your phones ? 
  because that 's not how it is here , all of them are still different from what i 've experienced . 
  the universal phone charger is n't really a thing . 
  the plugs that go into the wall have to be the same , the cables do not . 
  so it 's business as usual . 
  how dare i have different views !, 
  why bother when moldova 's next ? 
  because there is no need for a gross exaggeration . 
  according to human rights watch it 's far lower than 1,000 ( precisely 528 at maximum , more than half of which were in kosovo ) . 
  so , your statement of `` at least '' is very much up for debate . 
  destroying infrastructure is a classic war strategy . 
  blow up the bridges and their armies have a harder time getting around . 
  that 's because the duma does n't have views . 
  people underestimate how difficult it really is to fly a helicopter . 
  it 's an extremely precise art . 
  ireland , shamefully . 
  many irish people coat themselves in their hypocritical neutrality and use it as justification for a moral high ground . 
  there was a recent debate on it recently in / r/ireland , actually / r/ireland/comments / 212nrx/irish _ defence_spending_lowest_in_eu /, 
  so , magic ? 
  did you not read my first post at all ? 
  in these current circumstances i am not for crimean independence . 
  the referendum was not democratic . 
  i 'm all for any independence movement as long as it represents the will of the people as established through democratic methods . 
  oh , i have a -1 next to his name . 
  must 've downvoted him sometime in the past . 
  anyways , it 's entirely irrelevant . 
  i do n't sub to worldnews , it 's like a typical news website comments section but with like 100 times more people . 
  nothing of use was lost when i unsubbed from that . 
  anyways , i do n't see how this pertains to / r/europe . 
   so you 're saying that you have to have decades worth of fighting and conflicts before one can declare independence ? 
  no , i 'm saying in the modern day where there is no violence in a region that secession is done democratically . 
  not when a foreign invasion decides it is time to do it . 
   besides that 's just not true , russians in both russia and crimea have expressed such intentions before , but due to lack of opportunity , people have n't been trying to get the most out of the situation . 
  and a strong majority has been against it . 
  point ? 
   i like bringing examples from my own country , so i 'll bring one again . 
  in 1917 , the majority of estonians were n't publicly vying for independence . 
  everyone talked about autonomy within russia , estonian-led government etc. 
  then , when suddenly with the russian revolutions and capitulation to germany , a window opened which could 've been used for declaring independence . 
  you could say the founding fathers had more than 4 % of support , but even still , prior to escalation of chaos of conflict , most of the people would not have voted for independence . 
  it all changed when given the chance . 
  i 'm sorry but this is n't 1917 anymore and we 're not in the middle of world war i. 
  yes , i get your point , but it 's a very different time period . 
  things such as this are supposed to be handled with diplomacy , especially where there is no backdrop of violence . 
   i really do n't see how the length of a conflict is a defining factor for its legitimacy . 
  disclaimer : i do n't support crimean independence nor do i think it 's legitimate . 
  i just do n't think the time factor is relevant .
