  and on top of it all , there has been no acknowledgement of russia 's interests , which are very real . 
  read this again :  there is a drastic difference between military escalation and ignoring the problem . 
  there are other avenues than military build up . 
  diplomacy and economic leverage is something europe does have . 
  if you want russia to pick a fight all you need to do is keep piling more military assets up at the border . 
  i 'm saying that a military build up is counter productive and provocative and just further escalation of the situation . 
  it 's a direct challenge to russia that does not need to be made . 
  i think it 's a borat quote . 
  he sings a song about throwing jews down a well . 
  there is a drastic difference between military escalation and ignoring the problem . 
  it kept europe on a knife edge for decades where one mistake lead to all of us getting killed . 
  no thank you . 
  this site is terribly programmed . 
  continuous exception errors , and at the end of it the results page gave me an error and would n't show . 
  anyways , after some fiddling i got them . 
  tells me 70 % labour party , 68 % green party , 66 % socialist party . 
  no way in hell i 'm voting labour . 
  i disagree with the greens on nuclear power . 
  so , socialist it is . 
  i 'm not blaming nato for putin 's provocations . 
  i 'm blaming nato for nato 's provocations . 
  they did n't do that out of benevolence , they did it because they 're scared of russia . 
  people seem to think the government crackdown on maidan went from 0-60 . 
  the protesters were occupying government buildings for a long time before things turned extremely violent . 
  it was wrong on the government 's part , and i think the catalyst for that more than anything was the berkut , but the maidan protests had practically turned into an angry mob . 
  there is a lot of similarity between the days of increased violence in maidan and what 's going on in the east . 
  you do n't even need to advocate for putin to get downvotes here . 
  talk about restraint and deescalation and people start calling you chamberlain 2.0 and downvoting you . 
  this subreddit is a pro-west propaganda machine , you ca n't get a balanced viewpoint in the comments at all anymore . 
  10/10 would watch . 
  if you 're telling me you want to revisit the cold war , where we nearly repeatedly nuked ourselves into oblivion , you 're retarded . 
  we are in the middle of a conflict . 
  military build up only leads down the road to military response , which is war . 
  unless you 're a dumbfuck , you do not want war . 
  we stop military build up . 
  as such we stop threatening russia . 
  this makes them more amicable and less likely to respond with increased military presence . 
  work out a deal diplomatically , and stick to using economic power as opposed to increased military mobilization , which only leads to military options . 
   russia does n't need to `` save face , '' they 're already getting exactly what they want with no meaningful opposition whatsoever . 
  you 're ignorant if you think this is what russia wanted . 
  this is pushback . 
  they 're losing influence and they 're trying to exert their power to show they 're still relevant . 
   what does russia have to gain by giving in to a single one of our demands , since none of our demands are backed up by any serious threat of any kind ? 
  this is where diplomacy comes in . 
  give them something , we get something . 
  and we always have sanctions . 
  when you have two opposing military build ups , the only options start becoming military . 
  except , firstly , ukraine is n't our ally . 
  they 're neutral . 
  always have been . 
  secondly , it 's very easy for * you * to talk about going to war , the american homeland has never been touched , never been conquered , never been flattened . 
  250,000 irish people were involved in the allied war effort . 
  150,000 * volunteered * to fight . 
  they did n't get conscripted , they volunteered . 
  out of less than 3 million . 
  we were on the beaches in d-day . 
  we put out the fires in belfast . 
  we got bombed . 
  10,000 died fighting in the british army , and we do n't even know how many with the american . 
  do n't get me started on world war i , the korean war and vietnam . . tell me about how close you were to japan ? 
  to germany ? 
  how difficult it must be that no matter what war you 're involved in you are far , far away from any reasonable harm . 
  there is no people more sheltered from the realities of war than those of the usa . 
  so , yeah , go fuck yourself on that regard . 
  almost every single member of my family on both sides has fought in a war , going back as far as the napoleonic era . 
  some have died in war . 
  if you think we 're not willing to fight for what we believe in you 're even more moronic than your initial comment let on . 
  but first , deescalation . 
  i , for one , am not stupid enough to encourage hurtling towards a war with russia . 
  nothing is absolute . 
  we need to stop escalating . 
  it 's a dangerous spiral and the only destination is war . 
  unless you * want * to go to war , you should hold the same stance i have . 
  not remotely comparable . 
  world war ii was a clash of ideologies and there was no such thing as a wmd . 
  yes . 
  the only response is further escalation . 
  in response to which will be , yet again , further escalation . 
  you do not deescalate a situation by moving more and more and more and more military assets to the borders . 
  a military build up is a direct challenge . 
  russia does not back down . 
  i am not agreeing with putin . 
  i 'm simply stating the reality . 
  russia has never taken a step back in an escalating situation until the other side has made a gesture of good will . 
  that gesture is needed . 
  people may think it 's a far away possibility , but if things keep escalating , the path will ultimately lead to war . 
  maybe not this year , or the next , but eventually . 
  as opposed to bombing eachother to oblivion , we should cooperate in such a manner as to prevent this crisis ever happening again . 
  the people are n't subject to the will of foreign governments . 
  but methinks russia is n't exactly discouraging the behaviour , even if they have done as they said and pulled out . 
   oh please you 're making the fuck out to be some god . 
  he 's just some billionaire old man who has a power trip . 
  no i 'm not . 
  no , he 's not . 
   and yeah what the us gave in return was a threat to invade cuba . 
  now the us needs to threaten russia with everything possible . 
  surround them with missiles , and give complete sanctions on their entire population including food , oil , and medical supplies . 
  except the us did n't know there was any nuclear weapons on cuba . 
  all what you 're suggesting is backing him into a corner . 
  a nuclear power with a large army should never be backed into a corner .
