  or being against muslims because `` they 're different '' makes you a xenophobe . 
  how about , when you learn to argue against immigration without using the arguments about how they 're all criminals , preservation of cultural purity , and things to that effect , i wont call you a racist . 
  i do n't care about communist poland . 
  there , i said it . 
  i really do not give a fuck . 
  every single time anything is brought up that 's even remotely connected to socialism , communism , the cold war , america during the cold war , stalin , or any other historical event in europe , there 's always this polish guy that says `` but muh communazis '' , and frankly , i do n't give a shit . 
  i do not give a shit that people who called themselves communists ruled poland with an iron fist . 
  i do n't care . 
  i do n't care that you took comfort in a cia-funded american government propaganda station . 
  and i do n't care that you call me a `` useful idiot '' , because at least unlike you , i would n't be a ** useless ** idiot . 
  propaganda is propaganda is propaganda . 
  if you want to encourage mass disinformation , lies and deceiving the population , you 're no better than the so-called communists that ruled poland . 
  so , you can take the `` muh freedums '' attitude and fuck off , because i do n't care that when the polish lived in a totalitarian state , that an american propaganda station gave them anti-russian broadcasts . 
  you are all now on a watchlist . 
   do n't start posting braindead comments about how one kind of propaganda is more preferred than another . 
  except one is more preferred than another . 
  you 're blind to see otherwise . 
  i do n't want russian propaganda here . 
  implying that is dumb as fuck , which is ironic coming from someone who opened this conversation with `` do n't be fucking stupid '' . 
  i just do n't want this trend of `` dae think every single thing russia does is pure evil and they are literally hitler '' to continue , because that 's what about 90 % of the shit posted in this sub is in regards to russia . 
  probably the dae think sweden is taken over by mooslems ? 
  groupthink . 
  so you are denying rfe/rl is a propaganda source ? 
  i do n't need to imply anything . 
  rferl.org is regularly linked and upvoted here . 
  it is american propaganda . 
  deal with the fucking reality and stop being a dickhead about it . 
  no , do you even fucking know anything about rfe/rl ? 
  radio free europe/radio liberty is the propaganda arm of the us federal government and has been doing that since the 40 's . 
  it was funded by the cia well into the 70 's . 
  it 's funded by the broadcasting board of governors ; a us federal agency . 
  so , do n't call my fucking stupid . 
  do n't blindly accept bullshit just because it gets upvoted on reddit . 
  edit : so this is / r/europe , right ? 
  upvote anything that 's pro-west , anti-russian , propaganda ? 
  and downvote people who call it out and upvote the people who 's only response is calling someone a fucking idiot ? 
  is that how this works ? 
  i 'll remember next time . 
  you all reap what you sow . 
  russian propaganda : `` evil fascist ukrainians helped by american overlords oppress russians and try to overthrow democracy '' western propaganda : `` evil russians try to crush powerless neighbours as they try to break away from russian slavery '', 
  a memorandum is not a treaty . 
  a memorandum is to a treaty like a pinky promise is to a signed contract . 
  it was a major political blunder of then-ukraine 's politicians to not sign a treaty . 
  a memorandum does nothing . 
  interesting . 
  i was just saying because every instance of einsatzkommando i 've ever seen is in context of einsatzgruppen . 
  edit ; why did you change from german to british flair ? 
   yes , iran does those things . 
  if you want to compare iran 's domestic laws to that of israel , they are * far * less discriminatory . 
  hah , right . 
  educate yourself on the fucking laws of israel . 
  it 's an apartheid state and i knew that long before i was a leftie . 
  i do n't know where you get off defending them , but if it was anyone else committing the crimes israel commits , you would be ripping them a new one . 
  fuck , people on this sub go at america all the time and they 're far more tame than israel in their policies . 
  that can work out depending on area . 
  that wont stop reddit 's anti-muslism sphere . 
  racists , xenophobes , and ultranationalists . 
  the bulgarians are evolving , farage !, 
  soon you wont be able to tell them apart from a native briton !, 
  and may they long stay there . 
   it 's also been called the rape capital of europe where 85 % of convicted rapists were ` born on foreign soil or from foreign parents . 
  that 's now what that says . 
  fair enough . 
  i personally think nazi is a rather apt comparison . 
  the nazis in germany did n't all have policies that were bad , and we today use some of them . 
  you said so yourself , autobahn etc. 
  but that is n't what we demonize the nazis for . 
  we demonize them for all of their bad policies , their racial ones , the nuremburg laws , that kind of shit . 
  in that regard , * the israelis are similar * . 
  the things people say are bad about the nazis , are the things israel is doing . 
  so it 's not hard to see where the comparison comes from . 
  of course , we can easily take your stance and say `` it 's a false comparison , they 're not doing x , y , and z '' , but that would imply i was saying israel 's policies are the same as the nazis , as opposed to similar . 
  but really , this kind of discussion is rather circular and it takes away from the central point . 
  your comparison to sa 's apartheid policies are probably more apt . 
  i a ` int saying they 're nazis , there 's far more to being a nazi than racism . 
  i 'm just saying that they are imposing racial policies that nazis would also impose , and that 's where a parallel can be drawn . 
  you can note that i never called israel a nazi state , i stated jewish-nationalism and stated * similarities in attitude * . 
  and this is good for bitcoin . 
  `` when america sneezes , the whole world gets a cold '', 
  probably because the politicians are n't shoving anti-eu propaganda at everyone , and while the population recognizes the eu shares responsibility , that their national governments are still at the end of the day the most responsible for their welfare . 
  most of the campaigning i 've seen from the likes of ukip and fn has very little factual basis , but people do n't have the time to really research that . 
  it 's also really a matter of political climate ; across europe people are fed up with establishment parties and are desperate , and it really comes down to what alternatives are there . 
  so , they get taken in by ukip in the uk , but in greece it 's syriza , which is a pro-eu non-establishment party , and in places like spain it 's podemos . 
  i do n't think the eu hates gm , i just think it has a different stance to the us . 
  in the us , things can be used until it 's shown there are bad side effects . 
  here , things ca n't be used until it 's shown that there are no bad side effects . 
  so it 's really a matter of empirically proving gm ca n't do anything bad . 
  and that attitude is prevailant throughout europe . 
  it is n't the unemployment , it 's the fear of unemployment and looking for a scapegoat . 
  it is n't a surprise that those who voted strongest against the eu also had the strongest anti-eu propaganda campaigns . 
  have you never noticed something - that the most racist people are generally those who have no experience with other races ? 
  actually if you were aware of the extremity of israel 's discriminatory laws ( even domestically , excluding its treatment of palestine ) , it sounds * very * 1930 's . 
  african jews are n't real jews , arab-israelis are second class citizens , no intermarrying between arabs and jews , that kind of shit . 
  there are even citizens patrols to root out these couples . 
  we all like to focus on israeli war crimes in regards to palestine , but their country internally is * very * jewish-nationalist . 
  german jews are n't real germans . 
  jews are second class citizens in germany , and germans and jews can not intermarry . 
  familiar , yet ? 
  israel 's racial policies are very similar to those of the nazis in * attitude * , just that instead of `` jews '' , it 's everyone that 's not a jew . 
   i mean are they just for a socialist leaning welfare state ( then i kinda suport them ) , or the authoritarian state ?
