  ah sure southside 's grand , but is it is n't as great as cork !, 
  - every cork person ever, 
  been to naples a few times . 
  full of thieves . 
  austerity is not a fix-all problem . 
  it did n't even work that well in ireland , and we 're probably the best recovering nation from the eurocrisis . 
  quite often , stimulus is the better option . 
  it 'll probably get downvoted here , though . 
  most things that question the status quo does . 
  it 's called exerting influence . 
  africa has a lot of resources which the super powers , including the eu countries , are trying to secure . 
  if russia can part some assault ships with a few thousand troops off shore , they have considerable ability to intimidate weaker nations . 
  you ca n't just put your troops on a plane and land in a country 's airport to invade it . 
  things like mistrals help with that . 
  we have freedom of movement between ireland/scotland/england already , separate from the eu . 
  if you sell the two of them they 'll be able to have a rapid reaction force that can reach pretty much the entire coast of africa with 1000-2000 troops , 2 tank battalions and around 70-140 helicopters to support them . 
  it gives russia a lot of reach against developing nations . 
   this is not a scientific issue lol if this does n't show the level of intelligence of you disgusting racists i do n't know what does . 
  it ca n't be cancelled ? 
  that describes most politicians , most just are n't so god damn obvious about it !, 
  well , time to close that shit down . 
  is that the new version of salting someone 's crops ? 
  it 's a bit odd sometimes to realize that there 's other parts of reddit that are n't here ... / r/europe 's like my reddit homepage , it 's one of about 3 subs i regularly post in . 
   is it `` libert\u00e9 , \u00e9galit\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 '' or `` we sell weapons to everybody '' ? 
  pretty sure they 've spent the last few decades developing the `` we sell weapons to everybody '' line . 
  france is going to sell the ships . 
  it 's a done deal . 
  arms dealing is a major industry and it 's economically extremely important . 
  if france reneges on this deal , that presents a few problems ; firstly , the arms industry is almost one made entirely of plausible deniability - `` here 's your weapons , i do n't really care what they 're for , just give me the money '' . 
  if france starts saying `` wait wait wait , what are you going to be using these weapons you 're paying us to give you for ? '', 
  and they actually decide to renege on deals based on that , it sets a precedent ; a precedent that countries selling arms are actually responsible for how they 're used . 
  people have been selling arms to other countries and people that were unsavory for decades ; dictatorships , warlords , criminals . 
  plausible deniability is a pretty big deal . 
  secondly , is france were to renege on this deal , that massively damages their credibility . 
  if people think that they 're going to have their guns taken away from them because the provider is having a moral crisis , they 're simply not going to buy from them . 
  wars do n't wait , people looking for arms want consistent and reliable purchases where if someone says `` you will get these arms '' , you can know you 'll get them . 
  thirdly , pure economics . 
  france 's economy is legitimately struggling , while it might be able to take hits from giving up on this arms deal , especially if they 're compensated , the overall damage to their industry would be far greater than the costs of some mistral ships . 
  now , i 'm not coming down on either side here , as to whether or not france were to sell these ships or not . 
  there 's a lot of reasonable arguments for and against . 
  but if you 're going to try and make an argument against this sale , it has to be on a sound basis of how it benefits france . 
  you can trust france to follow through on its commitments ; their reluctance to fold on this deal is a testament to that . 
  they probably wont be selling to russia again after this . 
  trusting france is not something i 'd worry about , it 's the effects those ships have on russia 's power projection is something i 'd be worrying about . 
  and what scientific study do you base this on ? 
  maggie thatcher followed by the inaction of successive british governments poisoned the well with the scots in the long run . 
  assimilation is a two-way street . 
  while muslim immigrants must make the effort to integrate , the british people , not just the government , must make the effort to accept them . 
  croyez-le ou pas , la langue fran\u00e7aise est europ\u00e9enne * believe it or not , the french language is european *, 
  what are they , french ? 
  silence you communist neo-nazi . 
  masterful detective work . 
  i 've stayed out of this conversation . 
  people seem to have misunderstood the purpose of this thread ; remembering the victims of senseless violence , not pointing fingers . 
  the majority of these people have n't `` lived under '' shit . 
  they just go on ignorance and half baked information and make opinions carved in stone . 
  i dismiss these people because their statements are based entirely on emotional stances and ignorance . 
  `` these people called themselves communists therefore *** this is and this will always be communism , there will never be any other kind of communism than what i say it will be , do n't try to talk about anything else you fascist genocide apologist scum '' *** . 
  the amount of fucking self-centred arrogance it takes do behave like that would be funny if it was n't so prevailant . 
  ca n't we have a single thread without one of you fucking people coming in here ? 
   children ** and staff **, 
  385 people died , 334 were hostages . 
  i do n't see what your objection is . 
  dude , just do n't bother . 
  i 've had this argument dozens of times here . 
  if it 's with eastern europeans or americans , the majority of the time , you can not have a rational discussion around the crimes committed by regimes throughout history . 
  communism , no matter how much your explain it , deal with numbers , facts , timelines , causes and effects , does n't matter . 
  if you want to rationally discuss it , you get insulted . 
  if you try to continue rationally discussing it and ignore the insults , you get insulted some more . 
  if you keep going after that , you get called a genocide apologist . 
  no point trying to have a fruitful discussion . 
   fuck your tito he has as much blood on his hands as any of them . 
  lol, 
  the telegraph has n't been the torygraph for a few years now . 
  your emphasis is correct . 
  we 're overdue the last one , if anything . 
  your definitions and opinions are not relevant . 
  unless `` putin has been toying with and humiliating merkel and germany for months '' is in the article ( it 's really meant to be in the title , but w/e ) , it has no place in the title of this post . 
  i do n't disagree that that is the case , putin has very clearly been trumping merkel , but comment section is for opinions . 
  it 's not that i disagree , it 's just not in the article and as such has no place in the title . 
  titles are not for personal opinions when it comes to articles like this . 
  they basically said `` first ukraine , next you '', 
   ( putin has been toying with and humiliating merkel and germany for months ) sorry , where is this in the article ? 
   to see how communism has changed morale check ex-communist countries . 
  thievery , bribery , corruption is a norm there because `` profitable '' has replaced `` good '' . 
  are you seriously trying to tell me that profit is not the primary driving force in countries that were never under soviet influence ? 
  there is no such thing as countries or governments doing things for `` good '' reasons . 
  only countries that appease people so they can continue to maintain the status quo and allow the system of profit exploitation to continue . 
  take off the rose-tinted-glasses view of the west , there is as much corruption here as anywhere else , it 's just hidden far , far better . 
  i do n't understand what words mean , they must be violent, 
  i ca n't wait for the next thread about an `` isis flag '' being flown to get 100 + comments, 
  it 's actually pretty intelligent if you think about it . 
  you ca n't stop a country from joining nato . 
  it 's the right of a government to decide that . 
  but what you can control is the conditions under which it is applying . 
  if you create frozen conflicts everywhere where you perceive nato might want to expand , well , they ca n't join nato anymore , can they ? 
  afghanistan was pretty important for some minerals and pipelines . 
  the pipeline more than anything , which tensions with the taliban had prevented from being built . 
  we 'll have a new pipe going through the country by 2017 , if things go to plan . 
   clowns you were n't joking,
