  it shifts responsibility from government welfare to employers . 
  it used to be the predominant economic thought up until around the 40 's and 50 's post-wwii , when the welfare state started to become a thing . 
  the problem with it is that it often lead to exploitation of the unfortunate and downtrodden . 
  the us is a good example of a state struggling between laissez-faire economics and implementation of a welfare state . 
  as for the actual suggestion , well , it has its merits . 
  it would have to be voluntary and the government would have to set them up ( perhaps a small loan that they would pay back ) , but it can go wrong in so many places . 
  you ca n't just put a homeless man or immigrant on a farm and expect it to work out - that 's what they did in zimbabwe ( except instead of vagrants and immigrants it was killing all the whites and replacing them with uneducated blacks ) , and as a result they had a huge famine and the country went down the shitter , because the people had know idea how to work the land . 
  so , the only way you can reasonably get people to live out in these places is if you have employment set up for them so they can actually make a life there . 
  you ca n't shift people around and expect things to fix themselves . 
  there was no italian state/nation either . 
  they were all independent states . 
  however , culturally and ethnically , they were italian , as was most of the land that currently makes up modern italy ( two sicilies/kingdom of naples is arguable ) . 
  are you drunk ? 
  i 'd rather be ignorant by your standards than logically ignorant . 
  assuming that the title `` national-socialist '' makes it identical to a german 1930 's political party . 
  i guess progressive parties everywhere are identical . 
  so are the dozens of labour parties . 
  and all the republican parties . 
  and the liberal parties . 
  and the conservative parties . 
  all absolutely identical . 
  svoboda 's literal translation is `` freedom '' . 
  for a right wing nationalist party that 's not even remotely surprising . 
  not to mention the jewish community has said they are under absolutely no threat from any ukrainian factions , so that throws out antisemitism and xenophobia , and i do n't see the accusations of racism as having any basis . 
  your type of ignorance is particularly prevailant , i wish it 'd die out . 
  for the last time , nationalism = / = nazism . 
  poland can not into space , but with with a country this good poland does not need to . 
  every single thread you comment in opens with something rabidly xenophobic . 
  you have problems . 
  the problem with rewarding house work in any form ( this includes / u/meidei 's comments ) is that there 's no regulation or `` boss '' to make sure shit is getting done . 
  you could be sitting on your ass all day and at the end of the month get a paycheck . 
  and who 's gon na pay you , the government ? 
  why should i be coughing up money , do n't you already get welfare from me ? 
  and if it 's the spouse paying , why do we need a law ? 
  let them sort it out , this is just extreme nanny state . 
  the whole point of being a stay-at-home wife is that your husband gets the paycheck . 
  if he 's not getting enough , get a job . 
  if you ca n't get a job , you have welfare . 
  if welfare 's not enough , tough luck , cut back . 
  it encourages a lifestyle where women do n't feel the need to work , it encourages a lazy attitude in young girls who will feel like they just need to marry a man and mooch of him ( and this attitude already exists for some , it does n't need more encouragement ) . 
  and where is the stay-at-home husband 's allowance ? 
  this is generally just a terrible idea that 's going to create far more problems than it `` fixes '' . 
  it was more addressing that people think there 's some huge anti-jewish nazi population in charge, 
  i 'd like to see this because it 's been disproven as a myth since the 80 's . 
  the wage gap definitely exists but it is not because of `` discrimination '' . 
  thomas sowell ( one of the world 's most renowned economists ) explains it with much more knowledge than i can bring to bear ; http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g_sgn6pdmio http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eubocgj8ajq there have been more modern reincarnations of his viewpoints but they 're all based off the original concept that the wage gap exists as a result of education and work experience - not institutionalized gender/racial discrimination . 
  in ireland we have sinn f\u00e9in and the united left alliance , both socialist leaning who do n't like the way the eu is going or the restrictions it places on ireland . 
  the ula is n't much of anything , but sinn f\u00e9in is a significant party . 
  they wont get a single party majority but they may be in a coalition government next election . 
  ah , the best way to get clicks , peddle the wage-gap myth . 
  jews have been openly welcomed , both by right sector and svoboda . 
  fuck , the most high profile members of the interim government * are * jewish . 
  i would n't call these people fascist or `` neo-nazis '' as many are fond of labeling them . 
  right wing nationalists ? 
  sure , absolutely . 
  but that 's not fascism . 
  not even close . 
  not to mention while svoboda * did * collaborate sometimes , it also fought everybody in wwii . 
  i wont doubt there 's some extreme antisemitic behaviour , but that is common in many eastern european countries , and is still present in many western countries . 
  that does not discredit anybody . 
  just remove the downvote button . 
  easy as . 
  there are no fascists , except maybe a handful of people like this guy . 
  but it 's also a time where tensions with russia are high, 
  you have to think about it . 
  there is no point fighting a battle you ca n't win , you can use those resources and divert them to something you can win . 
  do n't waste resources , especially people . 
  but what about china 's human rights record guess we ca n't talk about the us anymore !, 
  or russia for that matter . 
  let 's all discuss how much of a terrible state china is . 
  probably something about jews wanting all the nickles they can get . 
  let ireland do it . 
  we tick all the boxes . 
  we 're not in nato . 
  we 've a long history of un peacekeeping and diplomacy - the only country on the planet that 's been in un operations every single day since 1958 - we have no geopolitical interests , and we have firmly stated ourselves as neutral . 
  i ca n't really think of anybody more suited to do it . 
  just lol people just trying to nickle and dime . 
  israel has never been able to handle anything by itself . 
  it 's always had equipment shipped to it by the us , which is how it turned the yom kippur war around . 
  these days it may be different , but they have n't been tested in a long time . 
  ah yes , i think we all remember the great russian massacre at grozny !, 
  beneficial only to convince morons . 
  nobody with a brain would recognize the legitimacy of such a referendum right now . 
  one was on the backdrop of genocide and the other is not . 
  pretty easy to see why . 
  a country like russia wont have an end to its appetite . 
  it needs constant foreign diversion . 
  i do n't see what that has to do with anything here, 
  it 's confusing to say `` fight * with * russians '' as it implies on the same side . 
  they actually want to fight * against * russians . 
  ohhh i bet he 's scared, 
  dan carlin is n't a historian . 
  he 's someone who likes to talk about history and uses it as a soapbox for his political views - he has firmly stated this himself . 
  there 's a distinct difference . 
  the politicians possibly supported euromaidan but it is also a popular movement regardless of that possibility . 
  i personally fail to see what support the westerns could 've given , they were wearing civilian clothes and using salvaged equipment . 
  and it showed . 
  you ca n't lose the game if you do n't play it . 
  russia is in a game entirely of its own with its own rules . 
  the soldiers on the ground create an atmosphere of intimidation .
