  because there have n't been any communist nations in existence . 
  the term `` communist nation '' is an oxymoron in of itself . 
  yes he 's serious , he 's a regular poster here . 
  i 'm hitting -40 with him now . 
  [ world in conflict was a good game ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vbpmvburuaw ), 
  it 's been done in the past . 
  i 'm sure the mods have thought about it . 
  i am an irish-egyptian communist that posts here constantly , ama but really , if people are going to do amas there should at least be something interesting about them !, 
   the game is over for eurosceptics , their chance came and went . 
  the game is only starting . 
  it 'll be over when the eu 's approval ratings are actually democratically viable . 
  so basically you need germany , france , or the uk , or the entire eu against them . 
  [ that 's what they did ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/259waj/what_happened_in_your_country_this_week_11052014/chfuxaz ), 
  i think we 're going to fast track everybody and work out the problems after the fact . 
  it looks big and scary sure , that 'll scare a few smugglers . 
  that 's pretty much the big thing though , is n't it ? 
  fishing is always the big negotiating topic with iceland . 
  well , technically that 's true . 
   other than that , i 've heard you guys have lots if casual sex . 
  please be true . 
  do n't ruin our perfect image of sweden . 
  british food is bad . 
  for your heart . 
  could n't we just get someone else to buy them ? 
  hell , ireland needs a few ships , give us some eu subsidies and we 'll take them off france 's hands . 
  eastern europe gets cheaper gear from russia . 
  they do n't run the `` standard '' nato gear . 
  step 1 : be epp commission president candidate step 2 : epp wins ??? 
  final step : become president how is this news ? 
  nobody should be surprised , the country sides in even developed countries are neglected and villages are dying . 
  i can only shudder to think about how bad it is in bulgaria . 
  hmm , one would think it was n't gerry adams that negotiated the peace . 
  sorry , the 1920 's civil war is not relevant anymore and we should do anything possibly to remove that polarization from our politics . 
  the politics in this country is farcical and i do n't care if sinn f\u00e9in is the biggest load of gobshites on the block , they 're the only ones that can feasibly be the catalyst of our country 's political reformation . 
  not of their own will , they 're mostly incompetent as fuck ( seems to be a valued trait in the d\u00e1il , incompetency ) , but if we want to get even a remote semblance of real politics , we have to get rid of ff and fg and start working on the left-right poles and not the pro-treaty and anti-treaty ones . 
  if sinn f\u00e9in delivers on its policies in government , they 'll give people a taste of the left wing and we might see some actual debate about real issues , instead of letting the politicians do their own stupid shite until the latest scandal . 
  and really , this does n't need sinn f\u00e9in to rise , only the others to fall . 
  but rises again , harder and stronger . 
  seriously grrm , you did n't even try and hide that . 
  like an erection , that innuendo penetrated the pages of the stiff paper of his seminal series . 
  i 'm honestly disappointed more was not done to revitalize the language in the past century or so . 
  we should be talking as gaeilge , not in english . 
  yeah , you 're right , i 'll delete it . 
  i just love trolling kippers . 
  yeah it was the blueshirts , and yeah they are long gone , but fg is their successor party !, 
  read : something you do n't know how to do . 
  just a moron who was young enough to think he was immune to a bullet . 
  you do n't pick fights with heavily armed men . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  not to say he deserved getting wasted . 
  but it was fucking stupid on his part . 
  we have a dragon 's den here in ireland . 
  i was actually hoping to shove mary lou back across the border . 
  those who base their opinions on facts do n't need an angry mob to validate those opinions . 
  i do n't like the russian government . 
  i do n't like the ukrainian government . 
  i do n't like the american one either , for that matter . 
  all i can do is shake my head at how the people of ukraine are being manipulated by both sides . 
  it 's not just that , anyone with a brain and a pair of eyes and ears can tell that our politics is blatantly dysfunctional , and it 's because we 're still running on civil war politics . 
  fg and ff are more or less identical parties yet we are alternating between them like a pendulum . 
  if we manage to boot them down a few pegs and get someone else in government ( or at least dominate a coalition ) we might actually see a change in dynamic , and for the first time see a government that is n't right leaning . 
  i hope sinn f\u00e9in rises next election . 
  we 're going to go through a period of instability if people start voting independent , but i do n't care as long as ff and fg get crushed . 
  it 's an intimidation tactic . 
  by having it in their doctrine that they 'll use nukes , the de-escalation is caused by the threat of using nukes . 
  and even the use of a tactical nuclear weapon would not result in a full nuclear response , realistically speaking . 
  however , showing that they are willing to use them would force enemies to hold back . 
  unity from the eu is like trying to grab smoke with your hands . 
  juries are there to offset votes from foreigners/immigrants . 
  they should be there , but with less weight imo . 
  i have n't called fine gael fascist once ? 
  in fact , i 've specifically said they are n't . 
  improve your reading comprehension . 
  that 's not to say i do n't want them out of d\u00e1il , along with fianna f\u00e1il . 
  the two of them can go fuck themselves . 
  it 's not representing countries , it 's representing organizations . 
  have you seen us healthcare system ? 
  not really , no . 
  when the ncp and cng merged to form fine gael , it was eoin o'duffy who was at the head . 
  there was no more aca or national guard , just fine gael . 
  in contrast , both the ira and sinn f\u00e9in have always had an independent presence . 
  hell , even if we are adopting your stance , it 's not wrong . 
  fine gael is , believe it or not , a successor party of cng , pro-treaty sf , ncp , and the blueshirts etc. 
  etc. , it does n't proscribe to their ideology anymore but it still is what it is . 
  it was founded with a fascist leader at its head , which i think makes it pretty reasonable to make the connection that / u / _ welshie _ made . 
  you think i 'm joking but that 's what the blueshirts used to chant . 
  our one is the biggest party in d\u00e1il ( parliament ) and is the dominant party in a coalition government . 
  not fascist anymore , but there it is . 
  the irish one is modern day fine gael , which is currently in power . 
  its first president was a fascist . 
  heil o'duffy, 
  a lot of people like this are allowed to run as the super-crazy alternative so that all the normal propaganda looks tame and reasonable by comparison . 
  the mods have a very hands-off style , and that 's they 're thing , but honestly some selective banning of * some * of the `` offenders '' provably would not be the worst idea . 
  not surprised , average irish diet is very unhealthy , but most people i know and see are ok and always at gym etc, 
  first comment was about how we need to stop africans breeding , another about how we should keep colonizing them , and another saying we 'd run africa better than the blacks , and others with similar shit , most with shitty comment history and new accounts . 
  if they are not stormfronters then / r/europe is becoming the new / r/worldnews, 
   is it ? 
  i think it is . 
  language is as much a part of history as it is a part of culture , and history should be preserved . 
   not how many ever europe has 230,
