  it 's easy to put a banner up . 
  except that 's not what happened . 
  yes , the us has been funding the ukrainian government for quite a few years with small subsidies - bribes ? 
  i do n't know what that money is spent on - but the rest of your post is , frankly speaking , borderline nonsense . 
  allow me to incur godwin 's law - want to know who got into power legitimately ? 
  adolf hitler . 
  the fact that the elections were fair and free mean nothing if the leader is not continuing in that pattern post-election . 
  the situation in your analogy is also different - you are comparing a majority euromaidan to a minority irish unionist . 
  maidan was clearly a grassroots movement to oust president yanukovych . 
  ok , let 's say that it 's just a protest and therefore has no democratic legitimacy - this is true . 
  this does not give the right for a violent clamp down culminating in use of firearms on a civilian population . 
  that effectively removes democratic legitimacy from any government and transfers it to the protesters . 
  this entire problem could 've been resolved had yanukovych reacted in a democratic manner , called a snap election and had the problem resolved then and there , because while you ca n't know if it was a majority against him just from protests , there was a large enough vocal group against him that this action would have been justified . 
  no , instead he took a payout from the russians and here we are . 
  how this ties in to crimea is now that the russians realize that their gambit with yanukovych and ukraine proper has failed , they 're going to bully them into giving up a significant territory , bypassing yet again the democratic process . 
  if a referendum would be held now , i sure as hell would declare it illegitimate . 
  you can not have a fair , democratic process while under foreign occupation , or at the very least in an atmosphere of intense intimidation ( which the fascists/nazis used quite often in elections ) , depending on which side of the fence you 're sitting on . 
  had russia not invaded and had simply used diplomacy and stated ; `` hey , look , our ethnic russians do not feel safe in your country , have referendums in these provinces to decide if they want to leave , if they decide not to leave then we will respect that but we will absolutely intervene if there is violence in the region '' however , putin is n't stupid , he does n't go down the path of diplomacy because nobody wants to god damn join russia of their own free will . 
  all the eastern regions are still majority ukrainian with the only exception being crimea , which he invaded . 
  now he 's going to use tensions over crimea , along with some other political machinations , as a pretext to invade ukraine and annex the eastern territories , securing with brute force what he could not get with democracy . 
  [ yes ? 
  ] ( http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/join+reichtangle+england.+bit+of+oc_30abe7_4974848.jpg ), 
  seems like a load of typical politik-speek to me . 
  no concrete details , attacking the opposite side of the political spectrum , broadstroke promises . 
  alot of words with little content . 
  i 'm all for the right to self-determination . 
  however what is going on in ukraine ( and particularly crimea ) is not self-determination . 
  it 's carefully orchestrated political maneuvering using the russian population as a political tool for leverage against the ukrainian government . 
  let 's say tomorrow the northern irish decided they did n't want to be british anymore . 
  they hold it to a referendum , it passes , they join ireland ( or remain independent , whatever ) . 
  all is well and good . 
  now , let 's say tomorrow instead of that , that the irish government orchestrated mass dissidence , armed and funded militants , and set an atmosphere of tension of potential violence . 
  the irish government then went to the british and said `` hey , look , the northern irish are clearly sick of you , we 're going to step in and deal with the problem before it gets out of hand and protect the ethnic irish majority and impost the will of the people in reuniting them with their countrymen . 
  do n't fuck with us , ok ? '' . 
  this is what it happening , and that is not all well and good . 
  prior to this intervention by russia , the separatist movement in crimea was not galvanized to this degree . 
  yes , they were an autonomous republic within ukraine , and nobody really cared about it . 
  they did what they did , as long as nobody messed with what they wanted they continued on with their day being autonomous and self-governing . 
  there was always a strong tie to russia but crimea was never even near the point where there was a strong reunification movement with the russian federation . 
  it 's entirely a foreign orchestration and it could reasonably be called illegitimate by the current ukrainian government as a result . 
  had things been allowed to run their course , a referendum would have been had and the results would have decided what 's what . 
  * that * is self-determination . 
  not this imperialistic warmongering using the 5th column . 
  great post , if you think about it . 
  does n't russia still have conscription ? 
  yeah the irish army is really going to be a contribut - oh , wait . 
  they were good for the cannon fodder . 
  even stalin , the bastard , recognised that . 
  world war ii started for a piece of poland . 
  i 'm confused as to what this is ? 
  then we buy from norway and opec . 
  russia would be forced to build more pipelines to asia to an equal extent if they want to create a new market and not go bankrupt . 
  that takes time and money . 
  we can import from norway and opec states . 
  nobody is exploiting that though . 
  we 're dependent on opec , and at most we 'll be able to buy some of our needs from norway . 
  i think they should be in border states but that 's about it . 
  if i 'm being honest i 'd love to see the day where we do n't * need * america anymore , but we need you now , and as long as we need you then , well , best be good friends . 
  you do n't have troops stationed here but you do use our airports . 
  when europe no longer needs us troops , i would n't want them here . 
  expanding the empire . 
  installing a russian population in an attempt to ensure a more secure rule . 
  the target here is obviously mobile apps as opposed to actual video games . 
  we 'll see what comes of it but i doubt this will have significant impact on the gaming industry . 
  it 's not even close to the same thing . 
  i 'm all for the right to self-determination . 
  however what is going on in ukraine ( and particularly crimea ) is not self-determination . 
  it 's carefully orchestrated political maneuvering using the russian population as a political tool for leverage against the ukrainian government . 
  let 's say tomorrow the northern irish decided they did n't want to be british anymore . 
  they hold it to a referendum , it passes , they join ireland ( or remain independent , whatever ) . 
  all is well and good . 
  now , let 's say tomorrow instead of that , that the irish government orchestrated mass dissidence , armed and funded militants , and set an atmosphere of tension of potential violence . 
  the irish government then went to the british and said `` hey , look , the northern irish are clearly sick of you , we 're going to step in and deal with the problem before it gets out of hand and protect the ethnic irish majority and impost the will of the people in reuniting them with their countrymen . 
  do n't fuck with us , ok ? '' . 
  this is what it happening , and that is not all well and good . 
  prior to this intervention by russia , the separatist movement in crimea was not galvanized to this degree . 
  yes , they were an autonomous republic within ukraine , and nobody really cared about it . 
  they did what they did , as long as nobody messed with what they wanted they continued on with their day being autonomous and self-governing . 
  there was always a strong tie to russia but crimea was never even near the point where there was a strong reunification movement with the russian federation . 
  it 's entirely a foreign orchestration and it could reasonably be called illegitimate by the current ukrainian government as a result . 
  it has moved troops there , but it 's not a big deal to admit that when they have a giant military base . 
  pffft , we 'd * never * do such a thing !, 
  i 'm so sure this will be super productive . 
  exported their youth . 
  i 'm in ireland and it send me to the state . 
  he 's joking because the russians are saying these are all just militias and nothing to do with them . 
  no it is n't . 
  ukraine is ukraine . 
  the violence is a result of foreign influence 2 . 
  lol . 
  uk a multination state huh ? 
  i was n't aware the wales , scotland and northern ireland were all sovreign states with their own military , domestic policy , currencies ( unless deciding to opt for a currency union \u00e1 la eurozone ) and so on . 
  the uk is absolutely nothing like the european union . 
  the comment on ukraine is absolutely nonsense and has no bearing on this discussion 2 . 
  are you suggesting the united kingdom is the same as the european union ? 
  in which case - lol, 
  it 's a joke . 
  it 's the soviet theme from command & conquer red alert 1-3 http://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=hellmarch&amp;sm=3, 
  the uk is the only country where there 's a will to leave the eu . 
  all other current memberstates - while maybe not entirely happy - have a modicum of common sense and can see the benefits massively outweigh any downsides .
