  the european union becoming a federation would ensure there wont be a military conflict in or around us ever again . 
  unity is strength . 
  secondly , i think the idea of a nationstate is rooted in ethnic nationalism i.e. 
  all rational human beings agree that racial ideology is more or less obsolete and unfounded in logic . 
  thirdly , on top of the second point , our current borders are a fabrication of tyrants , royalty , and undemocratic dynasties that ruled with varying degrees of brutality over thousands of years , why is it that we should strongly adhere to what these people , morally bankrupt by our standards , have left for us ? 
  fourth , we are all culturally different only insofar as we want ourselves to be . 
  culture is a human fabrication that is fluid by nature . 
  every culture has external influences and what we live with now is essentially a bastardized form of what previous generations lived with , and the same for them . 
  culture is changeable , and no matter what we want it will always change . 
  why not have it change for the purpose of european unity ? 
  we all have something to offer one another . 
  fifth , a matter of relevancy . 
  when you think of important countries , who do you think about ? 
  russia , america , india , china ... hell , some people might throw in australia and canada . 
  what do all of these have in common ? 
  they 're continent-spanning federations comprised of people of different cultures , beliefs , ethnicity and languages . 
  this circles back to my first point ; unity is strength . 
  we as europeans should not want to be dominated by this country or that , be it russia or america , we should want to cooperate to prevent that from happening . 
  we could dissolve the eu tomorrow and we 'd have 28 weak european states that are irrelevant on the international stage . 
  sixth , history in europe has only taught us one thing ; that by staying apart we will turn on eachother . 
  the union is a coalition of the willing , so to speak . 
  it is not a napoleonic construct forged in conquest , or a series of satellite states surrounding russia , it is a union of mutual benefit forged with diplomacy , mutual respect and agreement . 
  seventh , what you see is as the `` failed policies of the eu '' , i see as an inevitable reality in context to a global economic crisis . 
  presumably like you , i am against austerity . 
  i believe it looks good on the balance sheet but at the end of the day it 's bad for the population . 
  this is an economic matter , and can be changed , not a matter of ideology that is fixed . 
  on top of this , i believe even had they not gone down the austerity route , we all still would have suffered considerably during the economic crisis - a crisis largely created within the us - and this nationalist sentiment would have arisen anyways . 
  maybe not as strong , but it would exist . 
  eighth , federalization will actually breed autonomy . 
  scotland , catalonia , bavaria , basque country , wherever , do you think it would be easier to make yourself a new state within a federation or a new one altogether ? 
  a federation does not have to be a centralized government . 
  we could have a successful european federation with nothing more than a united military , foreign policy and a few pan-european regulations here and there . 
  people will still be able to govern themselves on things that matter . 
  ninth , in a period of globalization , people are becoming interconnected . 
  100 years ago do you think people would have approved of a pan-european union ? 
  not even close . 
  today , nearly 40 % * strongly approve * of this union . 
  and that will only increase , no matter what this or that euroskeptic party says or does . 
  look , i can see the arguments against the eu . 
  bureaucracy , democratic deficit , migration , economic issues , and so on . 
  i can see them , and i agree with quite a few of them . 
  the eu does need some reforms . 
  definitely . 
  but it is an institution that is here to stay . 
  being against the eu is like being against the sun . 
  you may have some valid complaints like it being too hot and too bright , but at the end of the day it 's not going anywhere . 
  it was actually a nationalist revolution in spain , with the government forming an alliance with communists . 
  anyways , continue . 
  and if you think about it , it just goes to show how un-communist the ussr was to start with . 
  how did putin get so influential in the kgb if his political beliefs lie on a polar opposite to communism ? 
  germany is pretty good with law and order . 
  nobody will get away with shit there . 
  other countries ? 
  i was n't aware the average russian had a pocket nuke . 
  sorry , we do n't all live in bucharest and actually have an interest . 
  not according to / r/europe if you have a bad opinion , you have no rights . 
  as opposed to the deaths that did n't happen at all ... 
  i agree , self-defense will always be the perogative of the individual , no matter what the state says . 
  with that said , it was the use of guns from the pro-russia side that escalated matters so dramatically in the first place . 
  the police precinct should be dissolved , each member tried , and martial law imposed . 
  40 people died , that ca n't be let sit no matter what side of the fence you 're sitting on . 
  good job at missing the entire point . 
  india 's coming from a far worse place than we would be . 
  i did n't know / u/flaczki was the eu 's policy maker on languages . 
  recreate kalmar union ? 
   not that you 'd understand , but `` cus russia '' is reason good enough for most of eastern europe . 
  if that 's the case then eastern europeans are dumb as shit . 
  thankfully , you are n't their spokesperson , so i 'm sure that is n't the case . 
  i agree , but everyone has the right to shit opinions . 
  or at least , they * should * . 
  these kinds of laws only radicalize and doubly reinforce the opinions of those who think like that . 
  so everything bad a country does is now excused `` cus russia '' ? 
  please , come up with something better next time . 
  an ice axe . 
  in mexico city . 
  why did someone have an ice axe in mexico ? 
  let 's make some new ones , then, 
  you get everything from us . 
  technologically , russia does n't produce anything from this century . 
   justice minister alan shatter may be forced to resign i hope that bastard is forced to resign and i do n't have to see his face again in regards to irish politics . 
   two former directors of the toxic anglo-irish bank , nationalised by the government during the banking crises , were spared jail sentences . 
  their co-accused , former anglo chariman sean fitzpatrick was asquitted . 
  someone needs to get locked up for this . 
  if not these pricks , then the regulators that let them do what they were doing . 
  i think the caucasus , anatolia and the mediterranean are all legitimate areas for eu expansion . 
  let me give a crash course on irish politics , just for people who do n't get how fucked it really is ; our politics is mostly dominated by centre-right fine gael and populist fianna f\u00e1il . 
  fianna f\u00e1il is a populist civil war party who style themselves as `` the republican party '' ( despite that it was fine gael who declared the republic , but i digress ) . 
  they 're the guys who drove ireland into the ground and they have an extensive history of corrupt politics . 
  one of the hot-button issues in irish politics right now is actually the introduction of water meters , meaning we have to pay for water usage , which is something the extremely corrupt ff taoiseach , charlie haughey , got rid of . 
  fine gael is the more conservative branch of irish politics . 
  they 're for traditional things like family values etc. 
  but they 're also the guys who agreed to put a referendum on abortion , albeit under public pressure . 
  on a related note , abortion is illegal in ireland unless the mother 's life is at risk , this is as a result of the protection of life during pregnancy act 2013 , which was passed via the aforementioned referendum and signed into law by president higgins , a much more liberal activist ( we love him here ) . 
  anyhow , fine gael is another civil war relic and have traditionally encouraged good relations with the united kingdom and peaceful resolutions to the conflict in the north , where the fianna f\u00e1il government was combative and supplied arms to the ira in the north , and even mobilized our military at one stage in the 60 's when things started to get out of hand in a border county . 
  labour is really nothing and you might as well forget about them in regards to next election . 
  but in the interest of balance , labour is supposed to be the centre-left alternative to left wing parties such as sinn f\u00e9in , and has successfully being do so quite well . 
  however , i expect their next election to be their downfall , as they are currently minority partners in a coalition government with fine gael , which mean there was huge compromise on their policies and their supporters are disillusioned . 
  sinn f\u00e9in , like fianna f\u00e1il and fine gael , is a relic of ireland 's war years , the difference being that it 's made an attempt to actually evolve with the political landscape . 
  they 're looking like they 're going to do very well in the next elections , but not out of their own skill , more out of the sheer incompetence of the current `` big 3 '' - labour/fg/ff sinn f\u00e9in classes itself as socialist , and is 32-county republican , but the socialist part is debatable , despite the fact their past is historically rooted in the radical left ( i.e. 
  communism ) .
