  i do n't * care * , but i am interested . 
  well i 'm personally not a believer in the current political system myself , but i enjoy the eu as a concept and an idea and i do want to see it progress . 
  not out of any concept of pan-european nationalism ( i 'm very much internationalist ) , but because the eu is one of the first `` power blocs '' of its kind ; one formed entirely of willing participants that were n't coerced with military power or economic threats . 
  the way i see it , the eu is a step forward in post-nationalism ideals . 
  we 're irish today , european tomorrow , and maybe one day , for my children 's children , we 'll just be people and borders wont matter and we wont have to worry about so many of the shitty , petty , irrational problems we have today . 
  and i think the eu has been an extremely good proof of concept in that regard . 
  on the other hand , i do see where you 're coming from . 
  me being a socialist i do see the eu as an extremely neoliberal institution and in that regard i am opposed to it . 
  but in the long run it has also been an extremely good institution in terms of preserving the peace , and in that 's very important too . 
  i do n't like the current political system of any government right now , i think they 're all corrupt and they all serve corporate interests ; the eu is another layer of that , but right now there seems to be some very genuine politics going on there and that 's because it is relatively a new institution in terms of the power the ep yields , and that it is yet to experience extremely pervasive corruption . 
  so , obviously there 's a lot wrong with the eu in terms of ideological differences , but i support the project on principal . 
  well that 's something new , i 've heard people call the eu a lot of things , but * dated * is n't one of them . 
  can you explain ? 
  i knew i 'd get it , but it 's funny that i rarely if ever see similar reactions for things like this for other countries . 
  you know what would be great ? 
  americans not getting butthurt every time there 's a topic that portrays any americans even remotely negatively . 
   and i find it funny when people ca n't even admit being wrong when you just go and get ridiculously insulting pointing it out . 
  i hope the irony of this is n't lost on you . 
  i 'm not sure if i just had a particularly good education , but there 's very little that got screwed up in my historical education . 
  yeah , it left out a lot of the more recent history ( as in it pretty much went up until the 60 's and stopped there ) , but what it did cover was exceptionally thorough . 
  i had to write hundreds of essays in my time there about every little topic . 
  the british in ww2 and its post-war years were viewed much more realistically than what i 've read other people learning , though i feel the coverage of lenin 's rfsr/ussr was very light and left out a lot of the important details , for example the kronstadt rebellion was said to be against communist rule , but left out that it was anarcho-syndicalist in nature and that it had presented a thesis to that effect , and also gave a very sympathetic view to the kulaks . 
  and then the likes of miliband are blaming cameron for his inability to stop it . 
  you know , the angrier and more insulting you become ( though it is really hard to recover from calling europeans a load of aspies ) the less likely it is you 'll get any reasonable response from anyone . 
  when you 're calm and want to act with the maturity of someone older than 13 , we can have a conversation . 
  the funny thing is that it really would n't . 
  the uk would be subject to all the same regulations it is subject to now , but with no say in how it 's done . 
  norway and switzerland abide by our regulations in order to stay in the eea-efta region . 
  the only thing we make exception to with the eea is fisheries and agriculture , and while those are big industries , in places like iceland and norway , that simply a ` int enough for the uk . 
  and frankly in order for regions of such huge size to work , those common regulations need to exist . 
  so , really , if the uk wants to leave the eu in order to get rid of our regulations , they 're going to have to leave all trade related organizations as well , and this is something the british have n't really thought about , because there 's no way in hell the uk is going to stay in the eea without being subject to the common regulations the other 30 member states are party to . 
  it would need to create an entirely different , bilateral trade agreement in order to get what it wants from us . 
  and that will be years in the making and a whole different animal to the eea-efta . 
  for what it 's worth , i think . 
  of course they believed in what they were fighting for . 
  they were indoctrinated . 
  you extremely underestimate the power of germany 's propaganda ministry if you think that these soldiers would have anything else shoved down their throats than `` the poles are out to get us . 
  the bolsheviks want to destroy your way of life and the jews are helping them . 
  france is trying to suppress our great nation and stop us from governing ourselves , and britain is helping them . '' . 
  when you have sworn an oath directly to the man that is saying these things , it is n't hard to see why they thought it was the honest truth and that they were simply protecting the homeland . 
  maybe you should just calm down . 
  the `` reform '' we hear cameron talking about is simply a list of exceptions for the uk which removes any eu oversight over what 's going on in the uk whilst maintaining all the benefits . 
  hell , even in cameron 's proposed `` reforms '' he asked for exceptions from things which the eu does not even have jurisdiction over . 
  there are clearly problems with the eu , but cameron has been harping on about reform without even hinting in a direction of which serious , workable reforms need to be done . 
  i would n't call his list a few weeks back `` serious '' or `` workable '' , more like a pipe dream . 
  the eu as a whole is not as pressing in needing reform as the eurozone is . 
  as long as the eurozone exists , there will be a 2-tier eu and we need to treat it as such . 
  a fiscal union amongst eurozone states is required . 
  if we do n't have that , we 're going to repeat this crisis . 
  empowering the ecb so it can actually seriously regulate the euro . 
  as for non-eurozone matters , there needs to be increased integration across the board on several levels . 
  an energy union and vastly increased military cooperation ( based on the battlegroups system ) should be in the near future for us , not only does it strengthen our position against the us and russia , but it 's really just common sense for a political union . 
  as for reforms , the council , commission , and parliament all need to be looked at , in terms of what they are now and what we want them to be in the future . 
  is our parliament going to hold executive power in the future ? 
  will the commission be abolished and merged into the parliament ? 
  will the council be made toothless ? 
  very important questions to be asked here . 
  you sound like a nice person , filled with knowledge about people and the world , with no actual ignorance or problems with your logic or statements . 
  clearly whenever someone says you 're wrong they 're stupid or have a mental disability . 
  have a good day . 
  here 's a tip ; if you have no clue about what you 're talking about - as in , absolutely * no clue * - it 's best not to say anything at all . 
   and that 's because europe is n't that multicultural lol, 
  the soldiers of the wehrmacht were fundamentally no different to that of the us military or british forces . 
  conscripted , indoctrinated and sent off to fight someone else 's war . 
  the eu ca n't just decide things on its own . 
  it 's working entirely within the bounds of the lisbon treaty as drafted and voted on by the member states . 
  there is no `` power grab '' . 
  hardly a power grab , more like a natural progression of the lisbon treaty . 
  you monster . 
  if you 're going to bring up the same old tired debunked russian propaganda arguments , i 'm not going to bother talking to you . 
  happens every day with domestic regulations . 
  developed countries always waste a fuck tonne of food . 
   funnily enough no , i chose not to spend my saturday reading withdrawn cucumber legislation from the european union . 
  and being i am not a vegetable grower/seller , i have no professional reason to . 
  then why the hell are you talking about the legislation 's regulations if you have no idea what it actually regulates ? 
  i do n't know , what makes someone living in warsaw more equipped than someone living in washington when it comes to finding out information in ukraine ? 
  are either of you actually there , experiencing it first hand ? 
  no , you 're both looking at media sources to inform you . 
  yeah , silly thing such as internationally recognized borders , national sovreignty and self-determination , such petty things in the face of russia 's quest to restore it 's former glory at the expense of everybody in europe . 
  i treat / r/europe as it is . 
  it 's a sub for things related to europe . 
  i just post whatever here and if it gets voted up , all well and good . 
  in the europoor vs. ameritard rivalry , there will be many casualties . 
  that allegory does n't work . 
   i do n't think you understand what `` selfish '' means . 
  use a dictionary next time . 
  yeah i 've lived for a few years in egypt , and what i found was consistent , miserable abject poverty . 
  for every poor person there that had a job , there were more that were unemployed and living on the streets . 
  there were gigantic displays of wealth in the cities , side by side with the slums . 
  i felt filthy while i was living there because i was so much better off than the people around me . 
  i 've also done aide work in kenya and i honestly ca n't say i agree . 
  yeah , again , a lot of people had work to do and they had lives , but those are n't the people fleeing their countries and coming here . 
  egypt 's going through serious unrest , experiencing military crackdown , insurgency , and soon dictatorship . 
  libya 's in a civil war . 
  so is car . 
  and somalia . 
  lebanon has taken the brunt of syria 's refugees and that 's why people are running from there . 
  yeah , i 'm sure in a lot of places in africa that people associate with mud huts and tribals there 's a very much emerging developing world , nigeria , kenya and ethiopia are definitely up and coming . 
  but for each one of those , there 's 2 or 3 countries that are consumed by violence , stuck in economic collapse for decades on end , and have people there starving by the millions . 
  it is n't for no reason that africa is a black hole for aide , and it 's because the problems there are massive - both on a humanitarian and political level .
