   gaza has n't been occupied for over 9 years , the only reward they got from their unilateral withdrawal and the destruction of all settlements was a massive increase in terrorism . 
  oh , poor israel , after committing decades of violent acts and ethnic cleansing they 're getting a bit of blowback ? 
  must be those damn palestinians ' fault ; terrorists the lot of them !, 
  god knows it ca n't be anything else but terrorism because it 's not like they 're a legitimate government fighting an occupation or anything . 
  we all know israel is blameless and has taken an entirely defensive , no provocative stance . 
  they are n't * actually * violating the geneva convention by imposing an illegal blockade on gaza !, 
  what could the palestinians possibly be angry about !, 
  and we all know israel definitely did n't use the death of three israelis as a pretext to kidnap hundreds of palestinians and their leaders . 
  nope , the idf is the most moral army in the world , they say so themselves !, 
   put conversely the west bank palestinians , who have largely pursued a path of non-violence , are inarguably better off than gazans yet are inarguably worse off today than they were 10 years ago . 
  in the years of `` non-violence '' ( if you want to call protests and riots being brutally suppressed by the idf as `` non-violence '' ) the people of the west bank have experience terrorism , colonialism , occupation , and ethnic cleansing . 
  sure looks like being subjugated by the idf yields good things !, 
  gaza and the west bank are the same . 
  it is * all * palestinian territory . 
  occupation of the west bank is the same as occupation of gaza . 
   proving that `` resistance '' in the form of targeting civilians is counter-productive if nothing else . 
  yet proving not resisting does nothing but give israel free reign to pursue their colonial policies . 
  the fact that you would even pretend to argue that israel is somehow acting defensively or treating the people of palestine fairly is nothing short of disgusting apologist propaganda . 
  most of your comment is flat out misinformation and the rest is flat out ignorance of the situation on the ground . 
  what ? 
  `` people of palestine , please accept subjugation '' - france , u.k , germany . 
  as long as the blockade is in place and the palestinian right to self-determination is denied , they 're obligated to resist by any means . 
  israel is now , and has proven to be in the past , not committed to the peace process and has repeatedly reneged on any ceasefire deals involving the lifting of the blockades . 
  a two-state solution is not compatible with `` israel 's security interests '' when their interests would involve permanent occupation of the west bank and gaza strip . 
   jackdaw do n't you mean crow ? 
  i have no clue . 
  maybe they have family in england ? 
  maybe they only know english ? 
  maybe there 's established communities there for them ? 
  maybe they do n't really know and they 're just going there because that 's where everyone else goes ? 
  if they were economic migrants there 's more places to go than england , and probably easier to get to while they 're at it . 
  your options were ; a. 
  dictatorship there 's far more . 
  not really , no . 
   not that they feel they might make more money in europe . 
  you really think they 're trying to make more money ? 
  they do n't exactly have options . 
  whatever it is driving them to england , it is n't greed . 
  i laugh how people are downvoting common sense . 
  probably because they speak english and not french . 
  there 's far more than 2 options . 
  i knew the second i saw the title it would n't be an isis flag . 
  the vast majority of them are never isis flags and never want anything to do with isis . 
  but every islamic flag i do n't recognize ( because they 're all the same anyways ) must be a terror group prejudice never gets old . 
  i do n't blame the nun , frankly it 's the media 's fault . 
  always eager to spread misinformation in order to get a few clicks . 
  most people do n't know which way they 're voting on any given issue until the week or even the day of voting . 
  i think there 's a strong possibility of scottish independence , and i hope it goes through . 
  not soon enough . 
  it 's a big part of it , yes . 
  [ i took this screenshot the first day ] ( http://i.imgur.com/c24klpf.jpg ), 
  first pic is a map of transylvania ? 
  i like your style . 
  end the occupation !, 
  / s [ here 's mine , i think the english might be able to live with that ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9axxwwdtyc ) . 
  yeah , i was thinking there was something wrong with that ... 
  what are you even saying ? 
  that i ca n't criticize a country and that i claimed america and russia invented self-interest ? 
  what ? 
  where did i say that ? 
  it 's called capitalism . 
  banks in the us lent to banks in europe . 
  when the housing bubble burst in the us and the banks started collapsing , they called in their loans on european banks . 
  which european banks could n't pay back . 
  which made our economies collapse . 
  there 's a saying ; `` when the us sneezes the world catches cold '', 
  i , for one , welcome our new robowolf overlords . 
  quite a lot of them are . 
  there 's more than a few cases where people are captured and tortured on a case on mistaken identity . 
  or were captured and tortured and then found to be innocent . 
  you 're deluded if you think innocent people are not * frequently * caught by terror squads and tortured . 
  how about in future you do n't editorialize your titles ? 
  thanks . 
  why do europeans feel the need to take sides here ? 
  america and russia are not us and we should n't feel obligated to justify either 's actions . 
  they 're both imperialist states that pursue goals internationally entirely in their interests . 
  if this was true , it would be like a reverse sanction . 
  yes . 
  there 's servers ( russia , eu west , eu east etc. ), 
  and you 're meant to tick the ones you want to play on , and with a language preference . 
  russians tick all of the servers and all of the language preferences to get games faster than then spew abuse at you in russian . 
  of course , that 's just the piece of shit assholes that are in every country , but you notice them more because at least piece of shit assholes from other countries try to insult you in english . 
  otoh , some of the friendliest players i 've seen on dota were russians . 
  a lot of them are on the receiving end of racist bullshit without opening their mouth ( because everyone now has a preconceived notion of russians being dicks and ruining games therefore it 's automatically safe to assume all russians will behave like that ) . 
  the western dota community just collectively jizzed . 
  i 'm going to have to consult my flegcyclopedia before i answer this one . 
  he means russia . 
  i absolutely do not agree with this . 
  a treaty of this gravity needs to be put to referendum . 
  the public is guaranteed to follow my side . 
  but i 'm not labeling him a fascist or a nazi . 
  those have very specific connotations . 
  racist , bigot , xenophobe , whatever , all have the same connotation in this context . 
  in use they all mean the same thing ; that you 're an intolerant , ignorant asshole . 
  trying to make the distinction instead of focusing on the context detracts from the topic massively and turns it from a discussion on intolerance and hatred towards different people to one of semantics . 
  that distinction is entirely arbitrary and pedantic . 
  [ more here ] ( http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/gamma-international-leaked-data-confirms-uk-spyware-export-bahrain-1460291 ) [ and here ] ( https://firstlook.org/theintercept/2014/08/07/leaked-files-german-spy-company-helped-bahrain-track-arab-spring-protesters/ ), 
  if my town were to declare itself independent unilaterally tomorrow without any actual free and fair referendum , and i asked the british government for help , would the british army making an incursion into internationally recognized irish territory to intervene in an internal issue be an invasion ? 
  yes . 
  the georgian military fired first .
