  it 's true , the us is still a bit odd in terms of religion , but that 's a symptom of their diversity and personal freedoms , not a backwards society . 
  individual european countries are generally quite homogeneous if we want to compare them to the us . 
  we 're not all exactly perfect ourselves . 
  up until the last decade ireland had a sectarian conflict . 
  the uk has a problem with its attitude towards immigration . 
  france does n't exactly have a spectacular record in terms of how it treats its muslim minority . 
  ultranationalism and racism are notable problems in eastern europe , not to mention homophobia , especially in poland . 
  let 's not forget that the balkans were up until very recently all massacring eachother and on top of that greece 's society of corruption . 
  and it 's not like the us is the only place people swear on the bible . 
  and then we have the whole ethical issue of royal families and what they represent , which i 'd have to agree with / u/leswede420 here , * hardly * swings in our favour . 
  it 's very easy to take the high ground when your country has a tiny comparative population with uniform ethnicity and religion . 
  take us in as a whole and we 're a comparatively big mess , socially speaking . 
  eastern europe and our increasing influence in africa . 
  say whatever you want about iran , but both the governance and the freedoms enjoyed by the population are a significant improved compared to saudi arabia , and it 's not like the saudis are going to be going anywhere as long as we 're buying their oil . 
  while iran has its fair share of crazies , they 've been toning down the rhetoric for quite a while now . 
  they absolutely still do have terrorist connections - so does pretty much any power player . 
  the only bad blood between the us and iran is resultant of israel , and i do n't see that getting in the way of everyone else cutting a good deal with them , especially if they show they 're willing to play ball - as they have been for the past few years . 
  ireland , finland , i 'd say are acceptable , just to name two . 
  neither are in nato and both are pretty explicitly neutral . 
  ireland to the extreme . 
  this is exactly what the `` blue helmets '' do . 
  edit : and people can downvote me , but look at the un 's deployment history , i know of at least one situation in the last decade where the irish arw has taken part in operations against gunmen occupying buildings . 
  it 's unsurprising . 
  ukip is a reactionary party , it 'll get votes from the older generation and the nationalists both . 
  the people in greece are living in a terrible state of affiars . 
  i 'm sure if given the choice they would choose defaulting than further austerity . 
  kerry was good . 
  to think that was a decade ago , i remember seeing him run . 
  obama failed to deliver anything meaningful imo, 
  israel kills muslims , therefore far right likes them . 
  oh dear god not hilary . 
  then again it 's not like there 's been a good candidate in american elections for a solid decade . 
  there 's a difference between russia and afghanistan , though . 
  there 's no evidence , this is conjecture . 
  yes , the implications are very strong , but it is n't evidence ... 
  and those are n't russian forces in ukraine . 
  tell me , what would nato or the eu do to a massive surge in terrorist activity in the baltics ? 
  it 's not direct warfare . 
  ar-15 is primarily solid in american markets as a civilian semi-auto rifle . 
  however this could be the [ z-15 variant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wgjgaudepcw ) which is ukrainian . 
  it 's an ar-15 from the looks of it . 
  a dozen gun men vs. a hundred thousand protesters . 
  who do you think i think is more democratically valid ? 
  it a ` int hard to be more left wing than labour . 
  put your mouse over my flair . 
  it 's hardly a secret . 
  how is this extreme leftist ? 
  calling sinn f\u00e9in socialist is an extreme stretch . 
  more social democrat , uf anything . 
  not to mention they are a euroskeptic party , though that has calmed down a little in recent years . 
  if nato/eu really wanted to it could beat russia at its own game . 
  we have the resources . 
  and we probably will if things keep escalating . 
  but right now looks like there 's no boots on the ground . 
  i looked . 
  i 'm not the only one that 's come to that conclusion either . 
  though having more internet people saying the same thing hardly makes it more valid . 
  edit : and just to clarify , i 'm saying it 's the second time that particular rifle showed up due to its notable [ aftermarket stock ] ( http://www.laruetactical.com/sites/default/files/p1012635.jpg ), 
  yeah , a hunting variant of the ar-15 , i should 've said `` second time ... in the ukraine crisis '' nobody else has been carrying that rifle around . 
  maidan was a protest that turned violent . 
  hundreds of thousands of people . 
  these are a few dozen gunmen seizing police barracks and government centers . 
  he 's saying either these are legit self-defense forces or that the kla was a proxy for nato . 
  either way , it 's just his usual style of post on the matter . 
  no , it 's a smattering of different uniforms , which to me makes it even more likely it 's the same person . 
  consider that nobody in euromaidan had that kind of firepower , and there were * far * greater numbers there . 
  yet somehow a few dozen `` ukrainians '' somehow got their hands on this kind of equipment and just happened to be like-minded enough to go out and `` protect '' the people . 
  the gear . 
  that costs * alot * of money . 
  the average citizen in a western country would be hard pressed to cough up the cash for that , let alone someone in ukraine , which are n't exactly wealthy people . 
  the gear is identical in both pictures , and those two pictures are the * only * time that gear has been seen during the crisis , on top of which they 're both in extremely similar situations . 
  the only thing that has changed is the rifle scope . 
  given that this is only the second time that equipment has been seen in ukraine , and it happens to have the exact same gear ( bar the change of scope on the rifle ) , and they 're both in extremely similar situations , i find it hard to dismiss the very strong possibility of this being the same person . 
  scopes are easily interchangeable . 
  that equipment is extremely expensive . 
  given he 's wearing an identical outfit with the same rifle etc. 
  it 's safe to assume this is either the same guy , or this was an ** extreme ** coincidence . 
  you do n't have two different people walking around with that kind of stuff unless they 're both wealthy and have connections . 
  it was more to keep the filthy westerns * in * . 
  berlin was totally surrounded by east germany . 
  the difference being that the entente was fighting a defensive war . 
  oh no , strange foreign people are coming into my country , whatever will i do !, 
  ireland gets to be the shire . 
  yes . 
  anti-eu parties are all supported by russia . 
   i 'm not a right winger and agree to what he said um , you ca n't just say `` i 'm not a right winger '' - the policies you identify with tell you what you are . 
  in this case this is a right wing policy to agree with . 
  what about western interventions ? 
  the ethnic russia population in crimea was 58 % . 
  a slight majority , but one nonetheless . 
  it 's much , much smaller everywhere else in ukraine . 
  the cdsp requires unanimous agreement from every single memberstate in the eu to go to the defense of another memberstates . 
  that 28 includes little hypocritical neutral ireland . 
  i would n't rely on the cdsp ( or the eu in general ) for protection . 
  nato is a sure thing , however . 
  they could be the first tourists into russian crimea . 
  that 's a nonexistent contract . 
  russia has never organized , signed , or received promises from anyone in regards to joining nato or the expansion of nato . 
  everyone 's gold reserve is held in america . 
  why is it we will intervene everywhere in the world but in palestine ?
