  this `` great person '' business needs to stop . 
  putin is not personally pushing the buttons on every single operation taking place . 
  there 's a lot of local and regional bureaus , commanders and jurisdiction that could ( and regularly do ) conduct operations without prior consultation . 
  while you can hold putin responsible , calling him a `` mad man '' is damn well nothing short of ignorant and intellectually dishonest . 
  he 's clever as fuck , evidenced by the fact russia is still a key player in eurasia and that he 's still in power . 
  the likelihood is that this was a local operation by local fsb bureau that was linked to criminal activities and they overstepped their boundaries and captured him . 
  given that russia is big on machismo , they 'll probably keep the prisoner , put him on trial and all that and then eventually hand him back over and the guys responsible for the mess will be discretely removed from their positions . 
  those gay , nazi , communist fascists . 
  the reality is that the working class is doomed either way . 
  you stay in the eu and you risk getting undercut by other , poorer workers from other parts of the eu terkin yer jerbs . 
  the eu is also fairly neoliberal and the juncker commission is not going to improve that trend . 
  on the flip side , what do you think will happen if you leave the eu ? 
  the tories were the original champions of free market neoliberalism and , if anything they 've gotten a bit worse since the thatcher era . 
  you 're not going to change these fundamentally anti-worker policies , especially with the rise of new labour and the death of red labour , and ukip is possibly worse than even the tories , as they proscribe a `` libertarian '' stance ( i.e. 
  deregulation , deregulation , deregulation ) . 
  the issue here is not the eu . 
  if you stay in the eu , you 're not going to solve the problems . 
  if you leave the eu , that is also not going to solve the problems . 
  this is not a matter of the eu 's influence , it 's a matter of fundamental policy on every level - but * primarily * on the national level in westminster . 
  if i were an english worker , i would advocate staying in the eu , not for what it does now , but for the future further integration . 
  yeah , your country is going to lose some of its sovreignty , probably most of it in a federal eu . 
  so what ? 
  it 's not like you , the average working class joe , are in charge of anything in your country anyways . 
  whether its from brussels or london , the government is going to be a load of disconnected fucks that do n't understand the plight of the working class . 
  what staying in the eu does is allow a framework to be created that could potentially , down the line , favour the working class people . 
  with that said , it 's terrible but i do n't think there 's ever going to be a real improvement as a working class person in either situation . 
  we 're going to get undercut on a global scale as time goes on - first it 's china , but soon when africa starts coming into its own , it 'll be them . 
  and there 's nothing we can do about that except either massively degrade our living quality or fundamentally change the economic system . 
  however , the eu also provides a safety net of regulations - and it 's these regulations that make ukip want to leave the eu , they ca n't deregulate if there 's a supranational entity telling them they 're not allowed to . 
  the eu is neoliberal , but it is n't far gone or even that far down the road of neoliberalism , so the workers are still gaining benefits from more regulations akin to a social democracy . 
  so those workers who are employed will benefit , but those who are not will actually be penalized as job growth using standard methodology ( attracting foreign direct investment ( fdi ) and encouraging small & medium enterprise ( sme ) ) will be more difficult due to these regulations making it more expensive for businesses , as such they 'll probably just leave the country to get cheaper labour elsewhere ( cus they 're a load of greedy pricks ) . 
  i think i went off on a bit of a tangent . 
  anyways , the long story short is that when it comes to the lot of the workers , the eu is n't really the primary issue here . 
  it * can * help in many cases , but it can also be indirectly detrimental as a result of that . 
  socialists are also campaigning yes . 
  this is a fight to escape from the increasingly more right wing westminster as much as an episode of nationalism . 
  there 's been a long standing separatist movement in crimea . 
  they declares independence in 1992 iirc but they eventually just accepted they were part of ukraine . 
  you really do n't know about northern ireland ? 
  [ all the gun battles and shootings in the name of unity ? ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0dodyirh9_4 ) . 
  [ just a wee little war like ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ovlrdi5mlsa ), 
  it 's an old map . 
  around 2 years old iirc , or at least that 's when i first saw it . 
  british media is really out in force to stop the scottish voting yes . 
  telegraph also did an article on how scotland would become a new northern ireland with sectarian war and separatism and all that shite . 
  juncker ; turning the eu into a corporate plaything before he 's even secure in office, 
  governments have done and continue to do magnitudes more for science , space , and any kind of research , development or progress than private companies have and ever will do . 
  what ? 
  you mean this ? 
   james warburg , member of the united states senate committee on foreign relations , testified before the committee on march 28 , 1952 and observed that the soviet proposal might be a bluff , but it seemed `` that our government is afraid to call the bluff for the fear that it may not be a bluff at all '' ** and might lead to `` a free , neutral , and demilitarized germany , '' ** which might be `` subverted into soviet orbit '' . 
  case in fucking point . 
  what ? 
  is reality stupid now if it disagrees with your ignorant bias ? 
  because that 's exactly what happened , word for word . 
  stalin offers reunification if germany did n't join nato ( or the edc ) , america ( and other western powers ) said `` no '' . 
  open and shut case . 
  funny , because to frame the pact states as soviet puppets is simply white washing your own country 's actions and revisionist history in the extreme . 
  you wan na know who pushed for the 1968 invasion of czechoslovakia ? 
  not the russians , no , it was the polish government . 
  brezhnev was opposed to the invasion . 
  of course , why take a real critical look at what your own people did to themselves when you can blame the russians ? 
  yeah , let 's forget it was the polish home army that was insanely antisemitic and blamed the jews for the nazi-soviet dual invasion , who refused to help the jews during the ghetto uprising ( guess who did ? 
  communists ) and it was polish people who suppressed other polish people all during the soviet era - even when the russians told them not to . 
  you can try blame the russians all you want but nothing 's going to whitewash the reality that the pact nations were their own entities , not simply puppet states of the soviet union . 
  of course , western influence is purely fictional ... all in my head . 
  it 's not like poland is a memberstate of nato that took part in the invasions of iraq and afghanistan and it 's not like there are nato bases going to be built in poland or anything ... 
  it 's not like nato states are in an anti-russian alliance or anything or that they constantly support american interests . 
  i find it hilarious that you have the cognitive dissonance to call pact nations soviet puppets but not say the same for nato nations and america . 
   were the anti-nato hippies in wales fsb agents ? 
  a lot of people say that . 
  the same people who say that all anti-eu movements are supported by russia , the same people that say russia supports anti-fracking movements , and let 's be fucking real here ; the soviet union had major connections with peace movements all over the world during its time . 
  it 's a fairly standard strategy that countries at odds will support movements that oppose government policy domestically . 
  an anti-war movement supported ( not manufactured ) by the cia is hardly surprising given the amount of shit the cia is responsible for through the past few decades . 
  yeah you 're right !, 
  germany did get caught up in the cold war , * kinda * because america rejected reunification offers from stalin under the condition germany would not `` join a hostile military alliance '' . 
  america was like `` lol nope fuck germany we want more nato '' . 
   care to move past that and explain me how in your mind russia 's hurt feelings over their shattered illusions of grandeur are more important than eastern europeans ' right to choose their own way and alliances ? 
  nobody 's questioning anyone 's right to join an alliance , if anything you seem to be questioning the right of alliances to reject applicants . 
  i do n't see how you do n't understand that nato is an organization used to propagate western influence and hegemony , not a defensive organization used entirely for collective security . 
  in the same way any eastern european country can apply for nato , nato could also reject those applications . 
  but it did n't , not because taking in these countries improved the collective security of nato , which it did n't , but because it allowed western hegemony to be extended and secured further east against russia in the post-soviet era . 
  if i was russia and all the states that were previously closely associated with me decided to join a hostile military alliance , i 'd be pretty pissed off as well . 
  to say that is not an endorsement of the russian response , it 's just the simple statement that people should n't be surprised nor should they be offended by the simple reality that if they 're going to spit in someone 's face and slap them that they 're going to react pretty angrily . 
  that 's not what nato is for . 
  nato is supposed to increase collective security by expanding it to militarily useful and secure states . 
  it would be like adding eritrea , it makes no sense because you 're adding nations that are insecure and are not militarily significant enough to make up for that and therefore are not a net positive on the collective security of nato . 
  of course , that is as long as we 're buying the crap that nato is a defensive military alliance instead of an organization to secure western/american hegemony . 
  it 's almost always americans pushing the jingoistic nonsense and banging the war drums on this sub . 
  funny , how that happens , on a european subreddit ... 
  a few months ago when the maidan was going on we were n't afraid to openly say they existed and criticize the nazis within ukraine that were at the forefront of the fighting . 
  fucking load of useful idiots and spreaders of propaganda did some lovely agenda setting and now if you do n't love ukraine and everything about it then you love putin . 
  fuck that dumb shit . 
  lol not being a blind supporter of ukrainian = supporter of putin now ? 
  yeah , fuck you , i 'm sick of ignorant shits like you spreading lies and propaganda and using classic fascist and ultranationalist tactics to silence dissenting opinions . 
  i do n't support putin . 
  ukraine is not the greatest fucking country on the planet . 
  grow the fuck up and learn a bit about the conflict other than `` omg putin = evil satan reincarnate '' and `` ukraine = defenseless nation being stopped from democracy '' , seriously , grow up . 
  he 's a classic `` useful idiot '' . 
  dispenses propaganda constantly and then insists anyone that disagree with it is on the opposite end of the spectrum i.e. 
  supporting putin/russian imperialism .
