  `` i do n't like jews '' - simple statement of opinion ? 
  hate speech ? 
  `` we should lock up the filthy jews and throw away the key '' - there you go , you 're now specifically inciting an action against a specific demographic of people . 
  not even the 1st amendment in the us protects you in that situation . 
  however under our rather draconian european laws , the first two statements can also be classified as hate speech because they encourage a negative viewpoint towards a specific demographic . 
  essentially , any kind of bigotry is hate speech and can be persecuted . 
  that is not a society of free speech . 
  it is not even that this hypothetical person is praising the nazis . 
  this can be applied to * anything * . 
  say i made the argument `` man , ever since the poles started immigrating to ireland , we 've really seen an increase in irish unemployment and a rise in crime . 
  maybe we should n't let them in ? '', 
  - bam , hate speech . 
  maybe everything i said is correct . 
  maybe because the poles took the jobs more irish people are turning to crime ? 
  well , we 'll never know , because it 's illegal to discuss due to the implications . 
  if you think that 's out of this world , all you need to do is look at liberal parts of the usa and see the social framework , it emulates precisely what i just said , just that it is not written into law . 
  so it 's not far fetched at all to see shit like that happen in the future as long as our constitutions do not provide for an unwavering , unabridged , freedom of political and religious expression . 
  then we do n't have freedom of speech . 
  simple as that . 
  freedom of speech is the ability to safely express your political or religious opinions without fear of persecution . 
  we do not have that . 
  as distasteful as some statements can be , every person in a true democratic society should have the god damn right to say it . 
  freedom of speech is a the ability to safely express your political or religious opinions without fear of persecution . 
  would you say that is fair ? 
  well then . 
  that put him in place . 
  i wont be able to organize any protests , but i will write my representatives/foreign minister/anyone who will listen about it . 
  respect ? 
  sure . 
  give in to ? 
  they 're a * minority * for a reason . 
   democracy as in very violent protests ? 
  are you some sort of russian shill or are you just * this * stupid ? 
  a peaceful protest gets violently suppressed --  suddenly when protesters protect themselves it 's their fault . 
  there 's an active subversion of democracy in the ukraine entirely on the part of the government in power . 
   there are many nazi-like groups involved in the anti goverment protests fyi i 'm not seeing the problem . 
  i would n't call terrorist attacks a civil war ( re : republican movement ), 
   as for the rest , well , when you exhibit this kind of attitude and behavior , it 's very difficult to take you seriously . 
  that 's * hilarious * coming from you . 
  let me take some of my favorite highlights from your last comments ;  and i did n't say anything about peaceful protests , ** scumbag ** . 
   just imagine me giving you the middle finger . 
  but then there 's also the part about how i support killing children and how you ca n't read , but we 've already been over that . 
  i do n't see any justification in there . 
  unfortunately , people of lesser intelligence like you are incapable to see the difference between explanation of logic and justification . 
  i forgive you , though , because english is n't your first language . 
  you know , when i read comments like yours i fear for humanity . 
  one of the key markers of human evolution of civilization was the ability to abstractly think and empathize with different points of views without agreeing with them . 
  your absolute inability to do so shows a marked failure in your education system . 
  sorry about that . 
   i think i remember you . 
  you 're the guy that tried to justify those little kids murdered in russia , are n't you ? 
  ummm , no ? 
  trashy clickbait `` article '' - if you call a paragraph with a picture an article . 
  because there 's such a thing as a bloodless revolution , right ? 
  tell that to those in syria and libya . 
  their military did not stand with them . 
  they fought back with the only tools they had . 
  there 's something to be admired in nonviolence , but there is also something to be derided in it when it is inflexible and unflinching . 
  ignoring the bully does n't make him go away , it just makes him hit you harder , and a bully does n't want to fight you , he wants to beat you up . 
  i 've yet to see a police force fight tyranny , and unless the cops can travel faster than a bullet , the 2nd amendment still holds relevance in self defense . 
  that was a lethal one, 
  that is some brutal makeshift stuff they are using . 
  on a different note , i think this shows the education the youth have been receiving . 
  you need some engineers to design that catapult after all . 
  i wish him the best of luck and hope that piece of shit steps on an ied . 
  damn right it is , we ca n't continue to stand idly by while a country on our door step - one of * us * - falls into oppression like this . 
  we may not be able to end it but we can make those causing it uncomfortable . 
  government speakers are essentially saying `` you are in violation of anti-protest laws , stop now or face the consequences '', 
   what are the forces that drive people to act in such a violent way and how can we prevent the sort of frustration and desperation that causes this behaviour ? 
  probably that text that told everybody that the government knew who were they were and that they were going to jail after the protests were done . 
  always leave a surrounded enemy with a way out . 
  now the protesters do n't have one , it 's going to escalate dramatically . 
  they technically were n't slaves . 
  they were indentured servants ; the difference being they could work their way out of slavery and that their children would n't be slaves . 
  i made a passable mention on this topic in one of my / r/askhistorians posts about the nine years ' war in ireland . 
  edit ; with that said , i have n't thoroughly researched the topic of the slave trade in regards to ireland . 
  it 's entirely possible we were sold as slaves regularly in the past . 
  dude , whites ca n't be slaves , right !, 
  i do n't see why he should . 
  it 's not related to tpb or his copyright `` activism '' in any way at all . 
  it 's relatively recent actually , came with typing . 
  the british used the interpunct , but seeing as the interpunct is n't a thing on most typing platforms , the full-stop was used ( fun-fact ; the us used the full-stop right off the bat ) . 
  in other countries , full stops were generally being used for other things so they used the comma instead . 
  commonwealth nations use the full-stop , most asian nations use the full-stop , most south american nations use the full-stop , and a handful of european/mediterranean nations use the full-stop , as well as the us and uk . 
  in all honesty , it 's just one of those things . 
  mostly an arbitrary decision taken by countries at the time of adoption of the decimal system during the 20 ^ th century . 
  they 're european until they 're not , really . 
  as it stands right now they 're in the eu , they 're part of its affairs , they 're not isolationist , and they 've been a helping hand in a lot of cases . 
  they 're that much needed cynical voice at the back of the room that people like to ignore but deep down realize they need to hear , and the uk despite their so-called euro-skepticism deep down realize they need to be a part of us , too . 
  that 's just my thought on the matter . 
  we 'd be the same here in ireland . 
  honestly , why bother with tv when you can get almost anything you 'd want to watch online ? 
  i did n't know korea was in europe !, 
  whatsapp seems to be the most commonly used here in ireland . 
  it 'll be interesting to see how things go if they get deployed . 
  car is n't exactly an easy gig and the french have already taken casualties stationed there . 
  it 's how the uk , ireland and us denote it . 
  for example 100.000 = 100,000 , where '' . '', 
  is used as the decimal point ( so like 10.5 as opposed to 10,5 ) . 
  if the state of the country is so bad that a mass exodus of the educated workforce is occurring ( i.e.
