  for example , in 1916 the irish citizen army under connolly was a communist unit and made up about 1/4 fighting force . 
  the ira in the north were primarily fighting for a socialist republic . 
  many hardliners thought there was no point in fighting the british unless it was for the betterment of the working class of ireland . 
  400km is n't that far ( just over half the distance from donetsk to kiev ) and unless he plans on strapping nuclear warheads onto this missiles there 's nothing to worry about . 
  tomahwak missiles have an operational range of 2500km and can be fired from far more mobile platforms . 
  russia has absolutely no technological advantage on nato in any regards . 
  and belfast would 've burned down had we not put out the fires . 
  and your air superiority would 've been weaker had we not given you leave to use our airspace and have our weather reports . 
  the treaty ports were ours and letting you use them would 've been joining the allies , which given the state of our military and defenses ( because the brits would n't sell us any weapons ) probably would 've fucked everybody when the germans enacted operation green and used us as a launch point to hit the uk . 
  it 's more 4chan than stormfront these days , i believe . 
  probably getting sick of their echo chamber . 
  preferably me . 
  i want tsipras to get it but i will give second preference to pes and by extension , schulz . 
  we returned the vast majority of allied airmen that ended up in ireland . 
  or rather , we `` let them cross the border '' http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/irish_neutrality#world_war_ii, 
  yup . 
  de valera was very concerned about keeping up pretenses of irish neutrality , and we sure got that alright ... 
  instead of the brits acknowledging all the help we gave them during the war ( in more ways than just men , we let them use our airspace , gave them weather reports and returned prisoners and handed over spies we found ) , we were basically called traitors and nazi sympathizers by churchill . 
  true dat . 
  in reality , it was very much a multinational effort . 
  irish , polish , french , belgian , dutch - all fought against the germans for britain . 
  hell , the americans went to war in the atlantic to protect british convoys . 
  an awfully untold story . 
  we fought for the brits for centuries . 
  about 250,000 of us went and fought in wwi , round a 1/4 of which never came back . 
  tens of thousands volunteered across the border during wwii . 
  we also fought in korea and vietnam . 
  not to mention before any of that , we made up about half the military of the british empire and fought all around the planet in colonial wars and in the napoleonic wars . 
   that 's why we have those photocell auto flush toilets . 
  i thought that was for sanitation, 
  in a union like ours , when someone has a trade surplus , other will automatically have a deficit . 
  germany was dominating the export market and was n't fostering domestic demand for imports , which given the economic union we were all in was entirely a selfish move . 
  the economic downturn was heavily exacerbated by germany 's reluctance to act . 
  the bailouts were done entirely out of self-preservation . 
  germany tried to have its cake and eat it too , and it backfired in a massive way . 
  this is n't to say that the other countries were not at fault , loading the gun and pulling the trigger are two different but equally important acts , and in the same manner , germany who was the first to flout economic regulations , and acted in a totally selfish manner when it came to several economic matters , helped set up the conditions in which countries such as greece , italy and ireland could have acted with irresponsibility in the first place . 
  i 'm a bit of a europhile myself and while i think the eurozone is good from a political standpoint , you 're absolutely correct in saying , economically speaking , it was a poor decision . 
  not in principal , but the manner in which it was implemented was flawed in the extreme . 
  none of the members who adopted the currency were in a financially secure enough state in order to do so . 
  it was done purely as a political play and was , at the time , economically unnecessary . 
  i ca n't comment on much else of what you said , though . 
  i think it 's a bit of a stretch to call the workforces less efficient , but it 's safe to say italian and greek corruption are major contributors to their current economic woes . 
   you 're making light of the crimes committed against europeans throughout history and exaggerating what the europeans did to others . 
  it suits your argument to do so . 
  i do n't fault you for that . 
  interestingly enough , your point about the reconquista seems to indicate that you think we are even with the muslims . 
  good , then we do n't owe them anything . 
  we might have been even if we did n't decide it was a good idea to colonize north africa . 
   sub saharan africans had no written languages and lived in huts made out of straw until they became slaves to the north africans , arabs , and europeans . 
  maybe you could enlighten me . 
  mali , ashanti , songhai , and zulu empires , great zimbabwe , swahili states , axum , nubia . 
  see , you have an ignorant , backward ass stupid view of africa . 
  it was n't straw and mud huts with a bunch of africans running around eating shit from a giraffe 's asshole . 
  they have their own societies that functioned , they often had stone structures , and rule of law . 
   that 's all fine and good but i was talking about post-colonial governments . 
  define `` post-colonial '' government . 
  do you mean for african countries ? 
  i brought up the congo because it is a classic example of what happens with an african government attempts to defy corporate interests . 
  the congolese government wanted control of the natural resources in katanga , so french and belgium corporations encouraged secession and were backed up by the belgian army . 
   infrastructure , education , modern medicine , and a written language in some cases . 
  we gave these things to the colonized . 
  i 'd hardly consider the relationship to be one of a robber baron and a peasant . 
  `` infrastructure '' , the only infrastructure that was created was to help colonials extract resources . 
  so you should take a trip to africa sometime and when you come back , tell me about all that glorious infrastructure . 
  hint ; there is n't any . 
  we have established that they were not educated , and medicine could have been given without colonialism . 
  so , i do n't know why you keep repeating these things when we established those are not real benefits . 
  it 's like shooting someone and then taking them to the hospital and demanding they should be grateful that you 're such a good person . 
   where does the state get its money ? 
  who do you think is the one who really pays for restitution ? 
  that 's my point . 
  generations today should n't be made to suffer for sins of the past . 
  absolutely untrue . 
  do you think the united kingdom would be this wealthy without ever having an empire ? 
   people do it all the time . 
  if they are middle class and are lucky enough to live in a heavily developed country . 
  even working class people in our countries can not simply quit a job . 
  try telling a factory worker in bangladesh to go get a real job . 
  you are so fucking ignorant of actual realities . 
  how middle class are you ? 
   i doubt many of these people care about colonialism . 
  oh , i did n't know you knew about 4 billion people personally . 
   they 've learned from your own media to beat you over the head with it in order to guilt you into giving them what they want . 
  i doubt it , seeing as there is zero media coverage of these issues . 
   if you are so intent on eternally prostrating yourself to foreigners , why do n't you do the ` tolerant ' thing and give your house up to a family of somalis ? 
  strawman , not even worth replying to . 
   maybe you could let chinese nationals vote in your elections ? 
  see above . 
   the possibilities for saying , `` we 're sorry '' are endless . 
  and the `` we 're sorry `` s we have given are endlessly meaningless . 
  let me sum you up . 
  you are 100 % ignorant of everything . 
  everything . 
  you know nothing about africa . 
  you know nothing about asia . 
  you know nothing about india . 
  you do n't even know shit about your own country . 
  you do n't know anything about history . 
  you are being blatantly revisionist from your stance of ignorance . 
  you 're also pretty clearly racist .
