   ah , but you did bring up the supposed exploitation being carried out post-colonialism . 
  as if that was the fault of the general population . 
  again , you throw around the word `` supposed '' as if what i am saying is questionable . 
  it is a reality that corporations of various national origins are exploiting africa for its natural resources , and it is in the name of these corporate interests that many european interventions have been made , the most classic example being the secession of katanga in 1960 . 
   likewise , the current generation of europeans is n't responsible for what may have happened decades/centuries before they were born . 
  again , the nations are , as these are the same nations today that existed then , only in a more evolved ( or devolved , depending on where you stand ) state . 
  the united kingdom is the british empire . 
  portugal is portugal and belgium is belgium . 
   the question was asked in the video . 
  how long are europeans supposed to carry the weight of this indiscretion ? 
  for an indefinite period of time . 
  we are the root cause for many of the problems plaguing these nations , when those problems have been solved and we show genuine good will to act in * their * interests instead of our own , when it comes to the problems in the region , then we can start talking about absolving ourselves . 
  in historical terms , this was yesterday . 
   ah , but you did bring up the supposed exploitation being carried out post-colonialism . 
  as if that was the fault of the general population . 
  we buy their products , we do n't give a fuck about the conditions that our things are made in as long as we get them . 
  our consumerist society directly lends itself to corporate exploitation of post-colonial states . 
  we implicitly support their actions through purchasing of their goods . 
  one would think that 's not really the fault of the consumer , but the utter indifference amongst the general population as to the origin of their goods would , indeed , make us partially responsible . 
   so because we did these things more recently , we should feel more guilty about it ? 
  should young germans feel guilty about the holocaust ? 
  they had nothing to do with that either . 
  the german nation had everything to do with the holocaust . 
  it 's current population has not . 
  there is a distinct difference . 
  germany as a nation is absolutely responsible for the holocaust and israel , the nation which was formed as a result , has forged relations anew with them . 
  i doubt , however , the palestinian people would feel so forgiving towards the germans with the knowledge that their land and home was taken from them because some germans decided it was a fantastic idea to commit genocide . 
  but i digress . 
  no , the people of germany should not feel any specific guilt about the holocaust , but the nation of germany should remember its obligations to the people which it has effected - namely the jews and the arabs who have been displaced in order to make space for a jewish nation . 
   i can say the same about your assumption that they would have been successful without our meddling . 
  i think it 's safer to assume they would 've been better off without us raping their natural resources and stealing all their shit , but that 's just me being crazy i guess . 
   my point is that the good that came from colonialism is downplayed wherever possible . 
  it is n't downplayed , it 's just marginal compared to the longterm harm that we have inflicted . 
   it 's not the fault of europeans that the africans were too incompetent to maintain what we left behind . 
  actually it is , in most colonial holdings we suppressed native education and had white europeans do all the educated work . 
   my life can be dramatically improved if i were allowed to live in a mansion on a hill . 
  so what ? 
  bill gates is n't obligated to let me move into his house . 
  europe is not obligated to take in the world 's poor . 
  i do n't recall bill gates ' cutting off your father 's hands because he did n't meet his rubber quota . 
   who is `` we '' ? 
  do you think i exploited millions of asians and africans ? 
  no , our nations , which believe it or not , are more than a generation old . 
   the practices of big business are n't the fault of the general population . 
  these are a very small number of elites who operate with the complicity of asian and african governments . 
  and done with the complicity of our nations as well as that of the general population , but this is n't the argument we are having . 
  we are discussing the long term effects for colonial imperialism , which you are trivializing . 
   i never said we did n't . 
  european countries are n't anywhere close to being the only ones who did this . 
  just about every country who was capable of exploiting foreigners has done so in its history . 
  these people have no room to cast the first stone . 
  maybe , but we just happened to be the ones that were good at it and did it for far longer and objectively much more recently . 
  talking about europe 's superiority to post-colonial nations is liking discussing the booming industry under nazi germany without referring to the concentration camps that were used for cheap labour . 
   the exploitation occurring in china today is , as i mentioned above , done with the full cooperation of the chinese government . 
  not the point i 'm making . 
  you spoke as if china was somehow `` recovered '' , which is a blatant falsehood . 
   most of them were n't a success before colonialism and there 's no reason to believe that they would have been . 
  that 's rotten justification and based on assumption . 
   colonialism brought education , infrastructure and modern medicine to the colonized . 
  and that could n't have been brought otherwise ? 
  colonialism also brought exploitation , slavery , war , mutilation , and foreign domination . 
  the vast majority of native wealth left the territory for the homeland of their european overlords . 
  and some infrastructure it brought , african has fuck all in the way of infrastructure . 
   the problems in their home countries ca n't be solved by moving in droves to europe . 
  but their lives can be dramatically improved . 
   all their capable people leave , living conditions continue to backslide , and they continue to complain about the evil white man . 
  because the problems are rooted in what we have done . 
  they may not be able to blame you or me , but europe is very central in the causes to their shitty lives . 
  not just from our colonial past , but from continued exploitation through corporate means . 
   nothing gets solved and they will forever be accusing you of historical oppression . 
  because we did historically oppress them . 
  claiming we did n't is revisionist in the extreme . 
   the british empire did a lot of underhanded things to the chinese . 
  the chinese are doing much better these days . 
  do you think they would have made such a comeback if they all decided to leave when things were tough ? 
  firstly , saying china is `` doing ok '' is a dramatic stretch . 
  it 's doing `` ok '' off the mass exploitation of its own people . 
  secondly , china was never colonially dominated to the extent to the extent of africa , where most of these immigrants are coming from . 
  thirdly , shit tonnes of chinese people left the country whenever possible . 
  china has made a comeback through the resumption of colonial policies , except it is mass exploitation of their own people and working class as opposed to foreign natives . 
  and even with this , they are barely holding things together with very serious problems occurring on * many * levels . 
  because when you say `` gypsies '' you 're targeting a specific group and labeling them all as thieves etc. 
  the anti-immigration panel was much more solid in how they voiced their arguments , though i fundamentally disagree with everything they stand for in this regard . 
  the pro-immigration panel was hesitant , made generally bloated arguments and did n't really project the confidence in their statements that the anti-immigration panel did , and that does mean quite a bit when the viewer is walking away with an impression . 
  unfortunately for them the scars of what the west has done are still evident . 
  the colonial history of europe does not simply get washed off because we are no longer colonials , we exploited what would otherwise be rich countries with unique and independent societies and in our wake we 've left war , famine , poverty , lack of education and mass corruption . 
  the root cause of many problems in post-colonial nations can be found from the colonial era . 
  we ( europe ) are as responsible for giving them reason the emigrate as they themselves are . 
  wont happen . 
  all he needs is to have well equipped troops , maintain plausible deniability , and cause large amount of civil unrest . 
  you can do all of that without invasion . 
  why move to russia when russia can move to you ? 
  i 'm pretty sure your country 's just shit mate, 
  hah , not only in slovenia . 
  have you seen the man ? 
  he looked insane already . 
   ( as an american , therefore i have no say ) , do n't worry , us europeans have no say in what they do either . 
  yes but their stronghold in sloviansk is entirely off limits, 
  [ maybe ? 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/23jywd/ukraine_megathread_6_post_and_find_all_updates/ ),
