  its debt was unsustainable from the very beginning and they should have defaulted 5 years ago . 
  all estimates point to them defaulting at some time in the 2030 's even if they accept the troika 's deal . 
  this is why i specify decades of misery . 
  this is also why the imf has now started calling for debt relief for greece and a major capital injection of tens of billions of euros to reignite the economy . 
  if the masters of austerity are now arguing against austerity , something is clearly wrong with the austerity model ( as if this is news , i ca n't think of a single time the imf 's bailout programmes have actually * helped * a country ) . 
  now , some 92 % of the bailout funds went to guaranteeing private debt i.e. 
  covering gambling costs . 
  the other 8 % went to operations of state . 
  greece 's problem is that the 92 % is - firstly - nothing to do with the greek people as a whole , and secondly is * unsustainable * . 
  this is the economic reality now . 
  talk about responsibility all you want - you can blame it on the dumb lazy greeks , but the debt is factually not a sustainable debt . 
  economically , it is in the best interests of the creditors to actually to give syriza what it is asking for - a new bailout and massive debt restructuring , because otherwise greece * is * going to default and nobody is getting any of their money back . 
  instead of recognising this economic reality , the european institutions want to impose more troikanomics and politically bring down syriza - despite the fact troikanomics has been a factual failure in greece . 
  all it did was massively shrink the economy ( by 26 % , fucking disastrous ) and bring the debt-gdp ratio from 110 % to 180 % . 
  this whole `` no food '' thing should only happen if the other european states want to continue their economic war post-default . 
  this is n't unlikely given this entire thing is political in the first place and has no basis in economic rationality . 
  that 's just ridiculous hyperbole . 
  with the correct economic policies ( i.e. 
  not whatever the troika tells them , which the troika 's own economists say is bad ) , thy can survive a default just fine . 
  it 'll be bad in the short term but it seems nobody cares about poverty and misery if it 's stretched out over decades as opposed to happening in a few months with cameras pointing at it . 
  tsipras is ( dishonestly ) claiming that he can go back to the negotiating table with a no vote and get a `` better deal '' . 
  the better deal would have to include major debt restructuring . 
  failing this , greece will default on its loans to the ecb by mid-july . 
  past that point it 's a total unknown , but trisproufakis seem to believe they can stay within the eurozone with a default - i do n't believe this is politically palatable for the other euro states and they 'll pressure the ecb to cut funding to greek banks and force greece to go back to the drachma . . 
  nobody knows * for sure * what will happen with a no , but everyone knows what will happen with a yes - more poverty , misery and failed economic policy . 
   how does a lead to b in his mind ? 
  it 's rhetoric . 
  by being reasonable and conciliatory , syriza shows how unreasonable the creditors are . 
  exposing them allows them to push for a more hardline stance in the future and will get them support for a default . 
  because economics is ideological , and the ideology focused around troikanomics is that troikanomics is * `` scientific '' * and * `` rational '' * . 
  neoliberalism - laissez-faire capitalism by another name - is a failed economic ideology when it comes to actually solving the problem . 
  when it comes to redistribution , however , it 's perfect . 
  that is , redistribution of wealth from the mass of people to the already wealthy elites . 
  and this is what the imf is looking for . 
  they were saying this 2 years ago as well . 
   i 've been saying this for days and have received some very aggressive replies . 
  i got called a conspiracy theorist and when i linked to the imf 's chief economist talking about the failure of austerity in greece , i got nothing but downvotes and no responses . 
  apparently the imf is also a load of `` hard left '' conspiracy theorists and do n't know anything about their own economics . 
  the tone of greek politicians and greek people has been extremely conciliatory and friendly towards other europeans . 
  the whole shtick with syriza is for a democratic , progressive * europe * . 
  for a * european * solution . 
  for * european * solidarity . 
  when they campaign to vote no , they campaign for a better * europe * . 
  tsipras is one of the leaders of the party of the * european * left . 
  he was gue/ngl 's presidential candidate for the eu . 
  varoufakis refers to other european countries as `` partners '' . 
  there is a need for a fight back and a need to defend themselves , because despite the fact they are in favour of europe , europe does not seem to be in favour of them - particularly the pes/epp parties who dominate it . 
  they still have access if they leave the eurozone . 
  what 's the conspiracy theory ? 
  better tell the imf 's own economists who agree that they fucked up and are continuing to fuck up through imposition of troikanomics . 
  i 'll pass the message on to the imf and washington post that they are , in fact , [ conspiracy theorists ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/wonkblog/wp/2013/01/03/an-amazing-mea-culpa-from-the-imfs-chief-economist-on-austerity/ ) lol@people downvoting so eager to defend the imf that they call the imf a load of conspiracy theorists . 
  only when i deal with absurd claims based in fantasy , yeah . 
  edit : just before people think i 'm being a smug prick and brushing things off without explaining , the idea that `` left '' economics is responsible for this is absurd . 
  new democracy and pasok have been implementing the troika 's demands , which are far right neo-liberal economics which are a proven failure . 
  greece was the first major guinea pig of this economics in a time of crisis and it flopped . 
  the economy contracted massively under the program and the austerity absolutely crippled any possibility of growth to recover from the crisis . 
  the fundamental reality is that it was in the best interests of greece to default and leave the euro 5 years ago . 
  but the rest of europe needed their banks saved and so we have the bailout program . 
  syriza in the past 5 months has done very , very little in any `` left '' capacity . 
  it 's rehired a few civil servants and cleaners , symbolic moves more than anything . 
  it continued with the nd/pasok/troikanomics otherwise , except slower . 
  there 's absolutely no way the current economy can be blamed on syriza and it 's absolutely absurd and not based in any kind of real world to claim so . 
  unfortunately the media in greece is monopolised by far right media moguls and friends of the troika , so a lot of greek people get taken in by that nonsense . 
  better ? 
  yes , absolutely . 
  could have been better without the austerity . 
  instead we have tens of thousands of people padding the employment statistics working for 1 euro an hour , zero-hour contracts and other forms of casual , low paid labour , all of which ultimately drives down wages and standards of living . 
  high suicide rates , large unemployment , few hundreds of thousands of youth emigration probably helped seeing as we do n't have to take care of them anymore , dramatic increase in homeless in the past year or so , more dependency on food banks and charities to live , hospitals are underfunded and the government is trying to privatise every aspect of human life . 
  but i suppose it 's ok if you 're well off enough to take the hit . 
  most irish people on the internet fit in this category , myself included . 
  i did n't know the imf was far left . 
  wish i had the fortitude you did in pursuing what you liked . 
  with how bad the economy got here i forced myself do something i thought would get me a job ( and it will , i hate it though ) . 
  i hope you enjoy another 8 billion of austerity in the name of failed economics . 
  the imf should never have lent to greece in the first place . 
  it broke its own rules . 
   noone owes them anything . 
  do you not remember what got greece into this mess in the first place ? 
  say what you want about `` bad greek governments '' but the greek bailout agreement imposed neoliberal economics which fucking destroyed the economy . 
  it shrunk by over a quarter . 
  because of europe 's and imf 's economics , imposed despite what the numbers said for entirely ideological reasons . 
  the troika got greece into this situation through its failed economic policies that it * forced * onto greece in order to save the euro currency i.e. 
  greece took the hit so germany could remain stable . 
  and let 's not pretend germany or any of the other major eurozone countries did n't benefit massively from this , while greece suffered ( with ~ 90 % of the debt taken on by the greek state being private debt of european bankers ) . 
  so yes , someone , somewhere does owe greece something . 
  if anything the basis of the european project and the european union is solidarity , not extortion - as people are so quick to forget the second their own purse strings might start hurting a little ( despite the massive long term gain ) . 
  and if the european project and saving it is n't enough of an excuse for you , the fact that greece is only here in this situation because of troikanomics should be enough . 
  religion is as much cultural as it is spiritual . 
  muslims are normal people subjected to culture and societies they grow up in ? 
  they 're not devils totally detached from the conditions in which they live ? 
  i 'm shocked , shocked i tell you . 
   can someone explain something to me , is n't the debt greece 's own fault ? 
  just as there 's irresponsible borrowing , there 's irresponsible lending . 
  you ca n't have one without the other . 
  the greek economy should 've went into default 5 years ago when the crisis first hit , but europe insisted on a bailout programme for the banking sector . 
  less than 11 % of the debt greece holds now has actually gone towards its state functions - the other 89 % has gone towards the socialisation of private debt of bankers and speculators across europe , that is , things the greek government holds no responsibility for . 
  ireland is in a similar situation where it 's responsible for 11 % of europe 's banking debt but is paying for 42 % of it . 
  it 's easy to forget how this crisis started , it was some 6 or 7 years ago , but it does n't like on the general population of any single state in europe , it lies with the gamblers of europe . 
  so why do we shove the blame onto the general population of a single state ? 
  you think a state defaulting on hundreds of billions of euros worth of a debt and then exiting the euro has no effect on the euro or eurozone ?
