  the only president worth a shit in the past few decades has been clinton . 
  and i 'm stretching that one . 
  obama is just bush lite . 
  same policies , same americanisms ( `` bring them to justice '' , `` free world '' etc. 
  ) , the only difference is that he 's much more duplicitous and he 's black . 
  and we 're all fucked when hillary becomes president , because realistically the republicans are n't going to field a candidate i 'd wipe my shitty arsehole with . 
  they 're not wrong . 
  the internet is a medium for the spread of information , including extremism . 
  iran is a great place to visit . 
  people are great , friendly , and 9/10 times if you 're not a disrespectful shit you wont have any problems . 
  you 're basically stating that the entire basis for guerilla warfare , an extremely well tried and tested method of warfare , is a pipe dream . 
  guerilla warfare by the population * extremely * effective . 
  occupation only ever works with widespread local cooperation . 
  a hunting rifle does n't need to shoot down a hind , just needs to make it painful for the infantry . 
  yes it would . 
  case in point is afghanistan and iraq . 
  sarah palin 's farther was part of the alaskan independence movement , so maybe she 'll up and join them !, 
  absolutely , we are up there in a lot of things and our quality of life is decent . 
  oh , so he does . 
   i do n't get it ... two guys and one girl and then ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  i 'm sure he 'll remember to refer your heartfealt words to putin at their next meeting . 
  you prick . 
  statist ? 
  do you have a mental disability ? 
  the uk would do something similar with the us all by itself . 
  i 'm extremely anti-ttip just based on principal ( international corporate hegemony is not good for the people ) , but all the governments are in on it , not just the eu . 
  yes , they 're * at risk * , not necessarily all going to magically disappear overnight . 
  yeah , * sure * . 
  are we going back to looking for the reds under the bed , now ? 
  european union of soviet socialist republics , or eussr for short . 
  [ i even already have a flag for us !, 
  ] ( http://www.sovereignindependentuk.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/eussr.jpg ) ^ ^ ^ courtesy ^ ^ ^ of ^ ^ ^ sovreignindependentuk.co.uk, 
  europeans are just as proactive ( if not moreso ) than americans in foreign intervention . 
  ireland is and has been for a long , long time a notable player in diplomacy in conflict regions . 
  it provides thousands of troops to the un and has has about 60 years of consecutive overseas deployments on un missions . 
  theoretically . 
  limited war is always a possibility . 
  probably a decade or two . 
  this would n't be independence . 
  their countries would essentially be dissolved and more local governments would take over administration of the regions . 
  taking northern ireland as an example , there 's already an established northern irish parliament with its own deals etc. , all this would do is transfer the next highest authority from being london to something like brussels . 
  the situation on the ground should , in theory , not change . 
  and hell , if that does n't float your boat , there 's nothing saying there ca n't be exceptions . 
  the idea that the likes of fn are interested in working at all is hilarious . 
  euroskeptics are the worst politicians in the parliament in regards to making use of tax payer money . 
  on the contrary ; i think you 're oversimplifying the issue . 
  yeah , the eurozone trashed greece , but that was as a result of a lack of integration . 
  this is n't a result of * rushed * integration , it is a result of * reluctant * integration , quite the opposite of what you 're claiming . 
  we have a common currency but no common fiscal policy ? 
  that 's insanity . 
  this crash was inevitable , especially for the likes of greece which has had a long standing reputation for financial irresponsibility . 
  it clearly was not ready for the eurozone , nor vice versa . 
  it is undoubtedly not greece 's fault , germany , ireland etc. 
  were all behaving irresponsibly and in unsustainable fashions and in the end what we got is the eurocrisis . 
  we were all using the same set of tools but not marching to the same rhythm . 
  this is an argument for either two things , depending on how you look at it ; less integration ; dissolve the eurozone and the euro , go back to national currencies . 
  this would go a way towards helping to solve this , but would bring back all the problems that lead to the founding of the euro in the first place - and yes , that was a very political move but it did have its reasons . 
  more integration ; with a unified fiscal policy we wont be able to fuck eachother over so much in the future and this crisis wont happen again . 
  individual countries wont be able to drive the economy to the brink of destruction nor can larger economies like germany simply have a field day with all the benefits and stability at the expense of its fellow euro-users . 
  why ? 
  i see this opinion , but i simply do n't understand * why * someone would want to take a giant leap backwards . 
  the institutions are necessary for even things such as the common market , and that 's ignoring the whole eurozone , which frankly i think is going to be here to stay , especially after the gargantuan effort made to save it and the currency . 
  i do n't america is something we should want to emulate , it is something we should want to look at as an experiment for us to draw conclusions from and adapt . 
  there are many , many things wrong with the american model ( as you said yourself ) that we should avoid at all costs , but that does n't mean we should avoid unification . 
  america is a great proof of concept for the idea of federalism , but i think it 's very much kept working by spit and elbow grease . 
  i dunno , i think for them to truly be hurt economically the eu would have to take punitive measures to intentionally make the uk suffer , which i do n't think is either politically sensible nor an ethical thing to do . 
  the uk could survive as an associate of a united europe , even if scotland leaves , it can manage . 
  isolated ? 
  probably , but still alive . 
  and we could do the same . 
  we could be a better america , learning from all the mistakes of the us and become something far more refined . 
  america can be the guinea pig for us to look at , here , not something for us to emulate . 
  well you 'll probably get us back . 
  i dunno , the european confederacy sounds cooler than the european federation . 
  rome could work , it has been the centre of so much . 
  roman empire , christendom , the treaty of rome that truly put european down that path we 're on today . 
  more like what brazillia was meant to be . 
  dublin can into relevancy ? 
  hardly , if we ever start taking the idea of serious , genuine unity within a loose federation , dismantling nations into regions based on ideas that already exist - brittany , basque country , catalonia , northern ireland , flanders , wallonia etc. 
  it would n't be so extreme of an issue . 
  just another step down the road of supranationalism . 
  shit , imagine how amazing an eu team would be . 
  remove gender !, 
  your brand of chaos is simple , but i like it . 
  just keep the european union . 
  doing it slowly is what has lead to the eurozone being such a fuck up . 
  left leaning does n't necessarily mean a supporter of big government . 
  that 's not the point though , the european project is supposed to show a collective will and a collective effort to make the decisions that benefit everyone across europe . 
  juncker went totally opposite to that , yet now he 's looking most likely out of anyone for the highest office in the eu . 
  of course they have an electorate . 
  that 's like saying cameron has no electorate , just the hundreds of different people across the uk that make up the conservatives . 
  i do n't understand how you think it 's worse than before . 
  it is doubtless that politicians were always saying shit like that , before eu and after , in almost every country . 
  only thing here is that they got caught . 
   arguments about turnout are just an attempt by status quoers to win through the backdoor after they 've lost . 
  which is the entire point . 
  self-determination involves both accepting the status quo when you do n't have the popular support - and you need *** popular support *** , not popular apathy - to push forward your motion . 
  the egyptian government has provided little to no evidence to prove guilt , let alone invoke execution . 
  be that as it may , there is still the issue of legitimacy .
