  yeah , i 'm sure mcctaggart , well known rampant racist , has been a `` victim '' of moderation . 
  the five pillars of islam ; 1 . 
  * shahadah * : declaring there is no god except god , and muhammad is god 's messenger 2 . 
  * salat * : ritual prayer five times a day 3 . 
  * zakat * : giving 2.5 % of one 's savings to the poor and needy 4 . 
  * sawm * : fasting and self-control during the holy month of ramadan 5 . 
  * hajj * : pilgrimage to mecca at least once in a lifetime if one is able this is islam . 
  in its basic form . 
  tell me there what precisely in the five pillars of islam calls for an organization like isis . 
  faith , prayer , charity , fasting , pilgrimage . 
  murder is not on that list . 
  so , inform me again . 
  where in isis is it '' ** the ** representation of islam '' ? 
  and i can not wait to hear your views on sharia law . 
  they are sure to be nuanced and informative . 
  did you know that most laws on the planet are based either on common law or the napoleonic code , yet vary wildly in their implementation ? 
  are you aware that it is under sharia law that the first welfare states were established in the 7 ^ th century , using policies that are today considered progressive , such as basic income , disability welfare and unemployment ? 
  are you aware that using the five pillars of islam that the caliphates attempted to solve things such as wealth inequality and equal treatment of the poor and the wealthy under the law ? 
  things we still struggle with today . 
   for stating the fact and  that islam is barbaric and backward pick one . 
  yes . 
  man , you must 've been one intelligent baby if you could choose to be baptized . 
  too bad that intelligence did n't translate into adulthood . 
   i do n't hate people , quite funny from a person whos entire post history is filled with hate . 
  surely there 's sentences better for piracy that do n't involve putting people into such brutal systems . 
  but then that would be a logical approach to crime and punishment ... 
  a federation is a federation of states . 
  for example , the usa was a formation of thirteen independent , equal states . 
  to have a federal state of ukraine would be to have 24 separate and equal states joined together with their own governments in federal union . 
  this is different to decentralization where more power is devolved to already existing governments , like city councils or governors . 
  how does that logic even click in your head ? 
  so russia was right all along ... 
  how do you even say that unsarcastically ? 
  yeah guys , a party that advocates genetic purity definitely is n't nazi . 
  it 's the same old soviet propaganda ; the ussr was actually quite anti-war , so it spent its time dispensing propaganda trying to paint the usa/nato as warmongering devils . 
  it 's extremely effective if it 's well constructed . 
  that 's some really damn good propaganda . 
  it 's ok , we can be bad a joking together . 
  i was joking , but what ? 
  small , largely irrelevant , but can surprise you with its strength . 
  so , what animal represents your country then ? 
  good for serbia . 
  they 're a sovreign and independent state with no involvement in this conflict . 
  any recovery is paper thin and has not translated to the actual population . 
  it 's more than likely even worse for the people there today than it was a year ago - greece , like the rest of the eurozone , is not experiencing any real recovery . 
   source for this claim this is ibtimes we 're talking about . 
  because it 's easy to tell lies about widely hated groups of people . 
  that 's good !, 
  but there 's a far bigger problem on our hands in the yazidi community which simply is not going to go back to iraq after what happened there . 
  they 're going to start fleeing to europe . 
   are there major differences between the debate over there and here ? 
  america has a `` weed culture '' in the same way we have an alcohol culture . 
  it 's * very * widely consumed , compared to here , as such it has far more grass roots ( excuse the pun ) support . 
  it 's a catch-all, 
  it 's probably like the us where forced labour is part of the prison system as opposed to a sentencing . 
  oh , right , fair enough . 
  i do notice more swedes on cs than dota alright, 
  i still remember the british army border checks . 
  living on the border did not make me feel comfortable , i 'll tell you that . 
  they still dig up bodies around here . 
  nah , i 'm more of a ` get rid of capitalist ownership and let people run businesses cooperatively ' style socialists . 
  capital does n't flee if its run by local people !, 
  detroit is the classic example of what happens when a region becomes so dependent on corporations that when the corporations , in pursuit of profits , go elsewhere it becomes a total failure . 
  few decades ago detroit was a good city . 
  it 's failure did n't happen for no reason ; the companies decided they would make better money abroad and moved away and left the city unemployed and people just left . 
  if you take that example you look at what dependence on companies for jobs and employment actually does ; you waive every rule in the book , you accommodate them , base your country and laws around them , and the second you stop being `` competitive '' they move off to some place in africa or asia , not because they were losing money , but because they want to make more money . 
  and then , after all those years the country worked for those companies , they have nothing . 
  that 's the inevitability of neoliberalism . 
  so when people talk about laws that benefit corporations to the detriment of government , all i can think about are places like detroit that moved heaven and earth to make it good for companies to go there , and all i can think is `` fuck them '' . 
  in the long run there is n't a thing we can do to keep companies in our countries , so why is it that we should work so damn hard to have them here to the detriment of our governments , our people , and our enviornments ? 
  the free market , duh . 
  that does n't work and it 's also putting the blame on the people for the actions of a few elites . 
  i do n't know why you want to favour the 0.1 % so strongly over everyone else , they already have every other advantage in life . 
  if they get their act together , why not . 
  borders based on geography are really just arbitrary . 
  he means liberal democracy . 
  despite that , it was * de facto * part of the european community before that and france wanted them in . 
  the mediterranean union was a direct response to morocco getting kicked out ; there would be support for morocco joining from within , if the stipulation on being right in the european heartland was removed . 
  hell , we even have an association agreement with them as well as many other deals that would otherwise signal a run up to membership . 
   treaty negotiations are done in secrecy , it 's the only way to prevent every vested interest around getting involved . 
  you * really * think that lobbyists and corporations do n't know what 's on the table ? 
  depends a lot on where you 're from . 
  70 's ireland would 've been worse off than a country in the eastern bloc and would 've been extremely rural . 
  is there a unit in scotland yard that polices thoughts now ? 
  governments have n't exactly instilled confidence from the muslim community when it comes to terror investigation . 
  dota has wayyyyy higher playerbase than cs man , and the biggest prize pools in the world . 
  and i suppose yeah , all of them would have to be the same haha, 
  keep in mind that the unemployment in the us during the great depression was around 25 % and 20 % in the uk . 
  the difference now is that much more wealth is situated in the hands of private individuals than before on top of that the economic conditions for the workers were dramatically different and allowed governments to raise their purchasing power while still maintaining competitiveness ( as neoliberalism had not really come into effect yet ) . 
  the government approaches were quite different and , really , the eurozone , and as such the euro , is totally unlike any other currency that 's come before . 
  no dota ? 
  given that a swedish team won the third world cup . 
   how the hell can anyone hate thatcher ? 
  because her policies were geared entirely towards fucking the poorest people in the country , which happen to be the majority . 
  she set in motion the rift between north and south that 's led to scotland 's bid for independence , she 's also the reason why all wealth in the country gravitates towards south england ( or at the very least exacerbated the problem ) . 
  thatcher 's appeal to people comes mostly from her unwavering iron will and strongman approach . 
  cromwell 's english , not irish, 
  quite ironic given that cork was an anti-treaty stronghold . 
  almost ? 
  by quite a large margin iirc,
