  gandalf is n't real , guys , get a grip . 
  yeah , my idea of the federal ireland would be the four provinces alright . 
  i 'm not sure how necessary that would be though , or how much would really need to be done to make it fair . 
  but it is n't an official policy for today 's sinn f\u00e9in anyways . 
  meh , the cpi does n't run in elections , from my brief stint with them they 're ironically more a gentlemen 's club than anything . 
  i 'm also not fond of their international affiliations ... old soviet cp , chinese cp , and other unsavory characters . 
  our more legitimate communist parties ( as in those that run in elections and are n't soviet fanboys ) would be more the socialist party and the people before profit alliance . 
  considering that the turk cypriots have repeatedly voted for reunification and that all peace making initiatives have been torpedoed by career politicians , on top of the fact the invasion of cyprus was legitimate , i do n't think it 's exactly a `` fair '' trade . 
  that 's absolutely , entirely irrelevant to his central point . 
  the point is that for people here that so constantly and uncompromisingly shit all over russia for treating ukraine as a subordinate , `` buffer state '' , they will immediately say the same thing about turkey - that to make turkey `` one of us '' would be to remove its buffer state effect . 
  that is , we do n't want turkey in the eu because it is a buffer state ... 
  the very same reason russia wants ukraine * away * from the eu . 
  amongst a whole host of other reasons . 
  all you need to do is apply this in the reverse ; would you be happy with turkey creating a unified state with iraq and syria ? 
  salmond is well liked enough , and with that , a yes vote would boost his popularity and political prestige . 
  i could see snp being majority for the first scots government , but at the same time there 's divisions within the snp - there 's a notable left wing contingent and if they break off , them along with the greens , ssp and other leftist parties could actually contend for a coalition . 
  after all , one of the biggest reasons for a yes vote is that people believe scotland is far more leftie than england , people might actually exercise that . 
  i think a federal ireland is something that would work much better . 
  i 'm an optimist but even i can recognize that wales - at the moment - does n't really have much to economically sustain it for independence . 
  [ i still laugh at this interview ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jt1connry5s ), 
  i think this is poe ' law . 
  do n't be so hard on yourself . 
   a lot of people 's lives are at stake here no there is n't ... 
  the worst that can actually happen to scotland is a few years of some economic hardship and after that they 'll tick on normally like everyone else . 
  that 's the * worst * that can happen . 
  short of the rest of europe going down the absolute shitter , the only way scotland comes out of independence as bad as better together says it will , is if the uk literally shoots itself in the foot in order to make that happen . 
  sounds like a load of kipper bullshit where brussels is controlling all of our countries . 
  no , it is n't . 
  brussels does not have even the same amount of control or influence over memberstates as westminster has over scotland . 
  biblethump, 
   that 's the same all over the uk of course . 
  that is n't a scotland specific issue . 
  well , yes , but that does n't really matter . 
  the point is that just because scots are voting labour does n't mean the exactly like them . 
  well who else are they going to vote for ? 
  keep in mind that with one hand they were dropping labour votes for westminster , and on the other they were dropping snp votes for holyrood . 
  the fptp system is a voting system geared towards the necessity to vote for the least-bad people . 
  yeah , you 're right to a fair degree . 
  but just because muhammad was the last prophet and essentially the founder of islam , does not mean politics did n't exist . 
  yes , religion was a factor , but he did n't go and kill jews because they were jews , or go to war with them etc , it was because politically , most jews were opposed to muhammad ( though initially this was not the case ) . 
  islam , somewhat in contrast to christianity , was founded and the defended in war against polytheists . 
  it is this political backdrop we should look at . 
  yes guys , let 's use a political military conflict and say it 's all about religion !, 
  you seem to `` know '' so much about muhammad , but nothing about the politics surrounding him . 
  so you want to hold europeans to the standard of isis ? 
   and what do you mean it has no say in how its run ? 
  a scottish vote is worth the same as a vote from anywhere else in the uk you 're ignoring what i said . 
  maybe ireland should rejoin the uk by your standard . 
  maybe we should just reform the empire while we 're at it !, 
  they can all get a vote then , and they can not complain because they 're all represented equally !, 
  self-determination is not about my vote counting as much as yours , it 's about getting ruled by a majority that has no connection to the social or economic conditions that i live in . 
  i 'm also aware of the west lothian question . 
  i do n't see how that 's relevant to this conversation about * scottish * independence . 
  wlq is just a load of whataboutist crap from unionists to highlight how the scots have it so good . 
  it 's not an argument against independence at all . 
   i suspect you do n't understand the political structure of the uk you suspect wrong . 
  but hey , [ ask a stupid question , get a stupid answer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f8xieazewym ), 
   are you saying no-ones vote matters ? 
  well i do think that , but that 's a different matter . 
  what i 'm saying is that scotland , a region that 's politically/demographically different to the rest of the uk , has no say in how it 's run . 
  this is the classic argument for self-determination ; nobody governs a set of people than a person from that same set of people . 
  if we were to run counter to that , we could easily go back to supporting colonialism or any other amount of regressive policies that we 've done away with over the past century or so . 
  it 's the same in ukraine . 
  and i believe it used to be the same in ireland . 
  that has nothing to do with the discussion we 're having . 
  unless it 's you trying to tell me that you 're prejudiced towards muslims because of a terrorist attack ? 
  you are entirely burying your head in the sand . 
  you think the words of muslim extremists are a reliable source ? 
  how do you actually * think * that ? 
  how does it click in your head that these people will say that they joined isis on camera because their life was shit and they had nothing else to do ? 
  like , really ? 
  is european society so fucking perfect to you that the only possible reason thousands of european muslims are going off to fight in isis is entirely because of their beliefs ? 
  that it has absolutely nothing to do with social context ? 
  * really * ? 
  you 're looking at the end product and saying `` look , this is why it 's happening , *** let 's forget all of the underlying social conditions because then i do n't need to look critically at my society *** '' of course , * i 'm * trying to cram preconceived notions into this conversation . 
  because social justice for minorities is fake and has absolutely *** no *** effect on europeans joining isis . 
  none whatsoever . 
   because there 's a thing called culture , and that does n't depend on where was the hospital where your mother gave birth to you . 
  oh , i wonder why muslims wont integrate with europe . 
  it 's truly a mystery . 
  with welcoming and accepting individuals such as you around to show them the inclusive nature of european society , surely they have no excuse !, 
  i fucking despise people like you . 
  your defense of bigotry is based entirely on pedantic shitty statements based on a fucking dictionary . 
  everyone fucking knows what he means when he says `` racism towards muslims '' and only extreme bigots use that pedantic , shitty argument to detract from the conversation . 
  but hey , muslims are never discriminated against in europe , we treat them like angels !, 
  why wont someone please think of israel ? 
  it 's the only democracy in the middle-east !, 
  it is n't committing war crimes or ethnic cleansing or anything like that !, 
  if you disagree you 're an antisemite . 
  you 're just not enough of a realist , do n't you get it ? 
  a race realist , that is . 
  i 'm saying that european society is not even half as accepting and tolerant towards muslims as it likes to pretend it is . 
  as such , muslims are alienated by european society due to its attitude towards them and they see isis as a way to address that alienation , or even escape from it . 
  how can you actually think that ? 
  how does it click in your head that people who have been born in your country and have spent every single day of their life living in your country , are not from your country ? 
  how do you not understand that this is not an immigrant issue ? 
  how do you not understand that this attitude you take is precisely why these people are alienated from your country ? 
  how do you take the stance that a person is not from your country even though they are born in it , are a citizen of it , and have lived their entire life in it ? 
  ah yeah but the 1916 rising was the beginning of the particular conflict that lead to the free state , and later the republic . 
  the proclamation read out in 1916 is what we still have .
