  it 's a federation very similar the usa just after its war of independence . 
  it has european courts , european parliaments , a president , freedom of movement , and many other things that make it much , much more than a simple `` economic union '' . 
  i can definitely see it as another form of nationalism and i am absolutely fine with that . 
  pride in your nation , your federation , your people 's history - what have you - is not a bad thing , and fascism and nazism have really spoiled it for the rest of us 70 years later with their chauvinistic nationalist ideals . 
  we need to remember that one of the primary inspirations for the initial foundation of a european union was the old roman empire . 
  i think the eu should definitely take who it can get , but not lower its standards in order to do it . 
  we need to maintain high standards so that applicants need to improve themselves and need to show they are worthy of being an eu memberstate . 
  no theocracies , no dictatorships , no police states . 
  and *** never *** an aggressive expansion of our borders . 
  those days are dead . 
  i personally consider myself a european first and an irishman second , and fully believe in a united european union , but i also believe in the right of self-determination for every single peoples . 
  i believe that all the separatist movements , such as catalonia , wallonia , the basque movement in spain/france , and all the other movements , where they have a strong majority , should be given their independence and be allowed to decide for themselves where they stand in europe ; in the union or out of it . 
  right now i see the eu where the usa was after its war of independence , and i only hope it progresses in * similar * fashion as opposed to dissolving due to our cultural differences . 
  i 'm with you on that one ( look at my comments a few up from here ) , it 's a pity ireland is n't pursuing a much more active role in eu affairs , we 're weak and we 're alienating ourselves from the main body , which is something we can not afford to do in the long run . 
  our military may be small but it does n't mean it 's utterly useless , the army rangers are some of the best and are extremely well trained . 
  we 're on the border with russia . 
  while this is n't the cold war anymore , do n't think that putin or his cronies wont hesitate to try and bully us if we 're not big enough to bully back . 
  i definitely agree that all european countries need to be modernized and standardized in our military compositions , but we do n't need a single unified european military in order to do that , we just need regulations and subsidies for countries that do n't have the economy to support that kind of modernization . 
  it 's entirely possible for military forces to maintain autonomy outside of wartime and then be brought together as a singular force when needed . 
  i do n't necessarily disagree or agree with * some * of the things you said ( a lot of it seems like doomsday bullshit to me ) but we can not go from entirely sovreign and independent militaries to a singular european force overnight . 
  that will not sit well with almost every single nation in the union . 
  these things need to be done in baby steps . 
  i honestly do n't see that happening after afghanistan and iraq . 
  we 're all too badly burned by the realities of those two conflicts and they put a serious dent into the credibility of nato , and i do n't see european powers getting involved in the middle east outside of a nato mission . 
  with that said , provisions that we would only get involved in defensive conflicts or police actions might be an appropriate solution . 
  as i said , this would be a much about power projection as anything . 
  sooner or later the european union is either going to collapse or going to integrate , and where we want to be when that happens depend largely on what we do at the early stage of the game . 
  we can either alienate ourselves from the mainland through acts such as declarations of unwavering neutrality , or we can be a bit more pragmatic and try to get in on military pacts while we still can and make ourselves valuable . 
  please arrest me . 
  let 's keep telling ourselves that . 
  [ yes ? 
  ] ( http://i2.blogs.indiewire.com/images/blogs/spout/archives/hot-fuzz-simon-pegg.jpg ), 
  the republic of ireland is bloodless , get me now british scum !, 
  with a heredity ruling class , a person becomes ruler whether they are fir or not . 
  with a non-heredity ruling class , a person becomes ruler based on their merits . 
  that 's why cops have power projection tools like pepper spray , batons , tasers , guns and body armour . 
  pepper spray and tasers alone should subdue almost anybody . 
  they 're not meant to get into physical fist fights with suspects and those cases are extremely rare . 
  not to mention cops tend to travel in pairs or squads , so it 's not like they 're ever alone in the worst case scenario . 
  i 'm actually of a different mindset . 
  i honestly do n't see the peacekeeping within the un that we do as any way effective . 
  the only time we made a notable difference was in the congo in the 60 's when the un had a vastly different mo that it does today . 
  i 'm fully for military cooperation within the european union , provided that all countries contribute proportionally and we , as an economically weaker nation , get appropriate subsidies towards our military funding . 
  we 're all in the eu here - we 're all europe , and i feel that we have as much an obligation to protect the polish as we do to protect ourselves . 
  we 're not a strong country by any means , either economically , politically , or militarily , and the only real way we can have influence is through joint power projection with other eu member states through establishing individual irish people within influential positions in powerful eu organizations - similar to how eamon devalera dictated league of nations policy towards germany while he was president of the league . 
  i 'm part of a small minority - particularly small in ireland - that is for full european integration as a single federation similar to america . 
  we all know what the d\u00e1il really is - a bunch of incompetents pandering to their own local constituencies so they can get re-elected next time around . 
  as long as that 's the way it is , i do n't see us ever governing ourselves sufficiently or efficiently , and the best way to progress would be to shift more power to the european union , the european courts , and the european parliament . 
  in terms of military integration within the union , i think that as long as the irish military maintains full autonomy outside of union operations , then let us integrate , let us cooperate , and let us all train together and normalize our military structures , i do n't see what true bad can come from it . 
  we get to continue our role within the un , we get to maintain our role as peacekeepers , diplomats , negotiators - what have you - and we get to be a bit more present in european affairs . 
  [ yes ] ( http://goeasteurope.about.com/od/easterneuropedestinations/ss/countries-of-eastern-europe.htm ) [ it ] ( https://www.google.ie/search?q=eastern+europe+&amp;oq=eastern+europe+&amp;aqs=chrome..69i57j0l5.3654j0j7&amp;sourceid=chrome&amp;espv=210&amp;es_sm=93&amp;ie=utf-8 ) [ is ] ( http://www.mapsofworld.com/europe/country-groupings/eastern-europe-map.html ), 
  seriously , what good politicians do we even have ? 
  it seems like if they 're not corrupt they 're flat out incompetent . 
  your fallacy is the `` fallacy fallacy '' . 
  just because something is a fallacy does not mean it is wrong . 
  how about no , subject . 
  now pick up that can . 
  in all seriousness we need those tax breaks or else we 're fucked because our country has nothing else to legitimately offer people . 
  you do n't need a lot of things but still have them . 
  the right to be in control of your own safety is fundamental to your independence as a human being . 
  unless the cops can get to you faster than a bullet at 330ms ^ -1 your best chance of survival against a criminal is yourself . 
  when all guns are outlawed , only outlaws will have guns . 
  i do n't understand why there is even a debate on free speech . 
  free speech is free speech is free speech . 
  if it is limited , it is not free . 
  implying that xenophobia is always wrong . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm all for multiculturalism . 
  my dad is an egyptian sunni , my mom 's an irish catholic , and i 'm a mixed agnostic . 
  i like to think i 'm the end product people were thinking of when they thought of multiculturalism . 
  but things like immigration * do * have their downsides , and it 's not surprising the working class does n't like them when they 're the ones that are negatively effected . 
  hahah i heard about that , that 's fucking insane . 
  i dunno , i 'm just thinking that a lethal explosive device in an ambassador 's safe could cause some very sensitive issues diplomatically if the wrong people got hurt - or if anyone got hurt at all . 
  there 's a lot of false attribution to the causes of the ills of bulgaria . 
  it seems to equate joining the eu with the rise in corruption and other issues plaguing bulgaria , which simply is not true . 
  eu membership is a two-way-street . 
  when your country is shit , people will leave , when your country is good , people will come to your country . 
  eu member states need to support one another when they are not doing well , but if a country 's problems begin with itself , there is only so much outside intervention can do . 
  i thought this said `` to potential terrorists '' for a second . 
  spain is pretty easy to explain . 
  it 's a common retiring place for brits , and it was pretty big in the property market , which brits also take part in . 
  because if it 's not welcoming foreigners with open arms like they 're long lost brothers and there 's any concern whatsoever about the consequences of it , it 's racist . 
  i do n't see the point in this at all . 
  yeah , they look shitty , but they 're still future assets . 
  our government , the idiots they are , did the same thing with railways when the automobile started to boom , thinking that they 'd never need railways again . 
  lo and behold , they 've been laying them back down and paying for it ever since . 
  it 'll be interesting to see the conclusion they come with . 
  when it 's palestinian political figures and diplomats , mossad 's always a suspicious one , lest we forget their numerous assassinations of people in similar cases . 
  could just be a simple fuck up , but i 'd like to know how large the explosive charge on the safe is , one would think they 'd have it just big enough to destroy documents , not kill people . 
  good !, 
  we do n't need child rapists on the streets / s, 
  intracountry , no . 
  freedom of movement everywhere except in regards to the uk/ireland . 
  it 's like travelling within the us . 
  i personally like the right to bear arms in the us , but if i had to take on all the other shit that comes with living there just to get that , i think i 'd pass . 
  china is a lot more than beijing . 
  anyways , i 'm going on a trip to kolkata ( india ) with some charity orgs over the summer to help provide primary level education ( as well as some extra curricular activities ) to underprivileged/poverty children , so they can get out of the home and maybe refocus their efforts to do something constructive . 
  need to raise 3,000 $ for the endeavor but bum luck so far , i 'll let you know what it 's like haha, 
  i find it hilarious that russia likes us more than the us/canadians . 
  so much for being buddies , huh ? 
  * nest * of intrigue .
