  * have you read the qur ` an * ? 
  simple yes or no question . 
  quoting out of context one-liners is not reading it . 
  almost all of those passages are either flat out incorrect or absolute misquotes and paraphrasing to fit an agenda . 
  the netherlands did not revoke citizenship , just passports and bank accounts . 
  sweden - and any/all of us - should be able to do the same . 
  have you read the qur ` an ? 
  have you actually bothered to learn anything about islam as a religion ? 
  by the opinions you 've repeatedly expressed on this subreddit , you have not . 
  how does that logic work out in your head ? 
  `` the day they are out of prison they are going to commit a crime '', 
   but even then wbc is still broadly seen as representative of some of the bad in christianity no it is n't . 
  wbc is never considered representative of anything other than crazy people . 
  you are not wrong in saying that these extremist establishments are representatives of something ; it is representative of several things . 
  the first and most obvious thing is that it is salafism/wahhabism , an ultraconservative interpretation of islam , funded and propagated primarily by saudi arabians - significant us allies . 
  this interpretation came to popularity in the middle east after the first world war , when the ottoman empire was no longer able to suppress it as the british empire took their arabian holdings and put the sauds in power ( the same sauds who had championed wahabbism ) . 
  secondly , the fact that they are attracting a following at all is telling of the social ills of the countries in which they are active - anybody who knows the history of immigration in france knows how muslims have been treated in the long term ( second class citizens ) . 
  in the uk , it is n't nearly as bad , but it is significant . 
  so , we need a two-pronged approach . 
  in the short term , we must tackle these extremist institutions directly . 
  in the long term , we need to attempt to address the social problems that are driving people towards such extremism in the first place - and no , the answer is not `` it 's all their fault '' . 
  this was my first attempt at making visual representation of data - there are some graphical flaws ( numbers getting cut at the end etc. ), 
  but it 's still by-and-large pretty clear , i think . 
  many nazis were pan-european nationalists . 
  the strasserites come to mind . 
  damn french !, 
  they ruined france !, 
  drones are n't really being used in this conflict , as they 're only intended to target people who are n't real threats - they operate in `` low risk areas '' . 
  iraq/syria operations are primarily human-piloted aircraft . 
   how can they defeat tanks without armor of their own ? 
  tanks have n't been used in this capacity for decades . 
  i think probably the first gulf war when it was some shitty t-series tanks . 
  infantry have been proven , since at least the 70 's , to be the best equipped to take out enemy armour ( except for aircraft ) . 
  i loved that guy . 
  i think his name was saeed al-sahhaf, 
  that 's naive . 
  it 's just a prank !, 
  esperanto , just to spite the germans . 
  i would happily take a bet that merkel will end up lobbying after she retires . 
  you 're talking as if it 's a humanitarian effort . 
  please stop playing the martyr . 
  germany is bailing itself out and all the banking institutions that * keep its economy going * as much as it is bailing out portugal , or ireland , or anywhere else . 
  germany let the situation reach critical collapse before it decided it was going to be too harmful for its economy to let it stand by while the rest of the eurozone nations collapsed . 
  stop acting like your government did anyone else a * favour * , brutal austerity was imposed on everybody else due to a crisis which german economic policies had no small hand in creating as well as the reality that any and all financial assistance given by germany was done so purely to protect its own interests . 
  in fact , countries like ireland were penalized * massively disproportionately * in accordance to the economic issues they caused . 
  and that is because of germany ( as well as the ecb and imf , we ca n't just ignore reality and blame it all on germany ) . 
  2.2 % iirc but frankly i do n't see the point . 
  an estonian military at 2.2 % is about as effective as an estonian military at 1.1 % - of course , that argument can be made for a lot of things . 
  it really depends on how it is spent - if it is geared entirely towards defensive military and in cooperation with the other baltic states , 2.2 % is very good indeed . 
  greece was already `` making the cut '' long before that . 
  tensions with turkey , and all . 
  that comment has to be one of the most ignorant things i 've read in a while ... 
  i reject all court decisions because they were n't taken in my house . 
  [ banter together ] ( http://basicinstructions.net/storage/2006-09-20%20banter.gif?__squarespace_cacheversion=1259168186595 ), 
  there needs to be an improvement in efficiency of spending - we could probably even cut back if we spent our money more intelligently in consort with one another . 
  i also think it seems pretty arbitrary . 
  ireland spends 0.53 % of its gdp on defense yet that 's still more than many european nato members . 
  just to put this in a european non-nato context , in terms of flat expenditure ireland spends more than ; belarus , lithuania , estonia , hungary , georgia , cyprus , armenia , slovenia , serbia , croatia , slovakia , bosnia , latvia , and bulgaria . 
  sometimes more than several of these countries combined . 
  and all of them spend a higher % of their gdp towards their military than ireland does , and if most people were to be asked `` who would win in a war '' , in quite a few of those cases i 'd doubt people would say ireland . 
  the point i 'm making here is that while % of gdp is a relevant factor , what 's also relevant is simply raw expenditure in relation to size , the allocation of resources ( are you going to blow it on trivial things that are not needed or on updating your infantry arsenal ? ), 
  and all the rest of that . 
  you can have a very well equipped and reasonably strong military without meeting the 2 % marker . 
  of course , if you do meet the 2 % marker , you * can * always find something to spend it on , the military is a black hole of expenditure that way . 
  but i do n't believe , and i do n't think i 'm alone in this regard , that you require an extremely well fit-for-purpose military with a 2 % gdp spend . 
  unless you 're creating an offensive military force , you really do n't * need * to spend that much . 
   follow it and read the full article . 
  there 's your mistake . 
  people do n't read articles if the premise challenges their views . 
   rep. mike turner ( r-ohio ) unsurprising , given that the guy is basically bought by defense industry . 
   there are no reasons for russia to treat nato other than possible adversary , and this is because of nato itself . 
  i 'm going to have to agree an disagree . 
  i agree that nato does hold responsibility for the general relations between nato and russia - installing itself as a hegemonic * global * power that can act unilaterally , which is counter to russia 's geopolitical interests . 
  this , as well as a whole host of other things . 
  if relations were ever good between nato and russia , there would have never been a need for a `` reset '' between the us and russia to start with ... on the other hand , russia shoulders a significant amount of the responsibility as well - it often refused cooperation with nato , it often actively worked against nato interests , and its attitude towards neighbouring states which are either nato or eu members , or prospective nato or eu members ( which is a problem in of itself in nato-russia relations ) has also contributed significantly in the rivalry between the two . 
  is n't he also the man who said he would not sit in a nato position then went and took up a nato position ? 
  except undermining the european court of human rights , which has 47 member states , would only be done if they intended to undermine human rights . 
  it 's nothing about `` sovreignty '' . 
  why would they want to undermine the echr if they did n't want to undermine human rights ? 
  the echr would n't stand in their way if they wanted to better human rights and the echr is not going to be an issue if they wanted to maintain current human rights . 
  2 cool 4 me, 
   tell that to norway and switzerland , btw . 
  both countries that comply with eu laws and regulations ... on top of this , the echr has absolutely *** nothing *** to do with the eu and 47 states comply with its rulings . 
  be less uninformed in future . 
   but i do n't understand why that is better that this `` medicine '' is fed to the catalans by mas/junqueras/whoever , rather than the spanish pm ? 
  would you support reunion with the uk ? 
   i highly doubt this will happen if puplic opinion is against it . 
  oh sweet summer child ... 
  tl ; dr headling should read `` conservatives plan to scrap the human rights act '', 
  global warming . 
  no , really . 
  has nobody else noted all the floods going on all over the world this year ? 
  all the crazy abnormal seasonal weather for the past 3 or 4 ? 
  that 's the short term effects of global warming . 
  the issue has entirely fallen out of public awareness but it 's rapidly creeping up on us and it is having dramatic effects . 
  i never noticed how all pipelines are geared towards serving germany . 
  it takes about 5 % of the population to topple a government . 
  a determined minority is all it takes and all it has ever taken . 
  same . 
  it 's not that i 'm indifferent to it , i just do n't trust it .
