  a brain drain ) then freedom of movement is n't going to be the game changer here . 
  irish people have been emigrating to america , canada , and australia for decades on end in similar circumstances . 
  if people want to leave , they 'll find a way . 
  whilst i feel that we have an obligation to help less fortunate eu members through this issue , i do n't believe we 're specifically at fault . 
  however , i think the problem here is that almost every country in europe has a shortage of a talented and educated workforce so it 's not going to be on the government 's agenda to make * less * of them come to their country . 
  governments suffering from this issue really need to bite the bullet and pump more funds not only into to subsidies to in-demand degrees ( like computer science or medicine ) but also to offer incentives for high-skill industry to set up shop there . 
  ireland , for example , has been gaming the system for quite a long time with our notable tax breaks and low corporation taxes . 
  what 's the context ? 
  get a degree worth a shit . 
  problem solved . 
  high immigration does n't mean a culture of acceptance . 
  i 'm not sitting on either side of the fence here because i 've seen both arguments before , but saying that a lot of people are moving to your country does n't necessarily mean you like it . 
   your post cracked ( craiced ? ), 
  i see what you did there . 
  but nah , it 's still `` cracked '' . 
  `` craic '' is irish for `` fun '' , so when we say we 're `` having the craic '' or `` it 's a bit of craic like '' or anything like that , just replace `` craic '' with `` fun '' in your head and you should get the idea . 
  it 's all about the craic . 
   lets get down to brass tax here , fact is my country has given your country more votes at eurovision you barstards . 
  this gets me every time lol . 
  i always feel sort of guilty we do n't reciprocate . 
  `` the news '' is not representative of anything , really . 
  well , that 's a bit of a stretch , it gives a shallow insight into what 's going on . 
  the news is a load of sound bytes intended to summarise a situation without getting into any of the nitty gritty , analysis or detail , and as such is easily manipulated - and do n't act like news stations ca n't have an agenda . 
   i guess it 's a good thing the uk has the more europe-minded ireland to the west pushing it a bit more towards the continent , or else i suspect they might have floated off a long time ago !, 
  it 's more like the uk is trying to drag us away with them . 
  i thought purple was the colour of royalty ? 
  yeah , japan being so high up is ... ignorant . 
  their democracy and our democracy is radically different and they do n't much hold onto basic democratic ideals , not to mention their cops are out of control . 
  does n't work like that . 
  brains a ` int gon na help you when the russians strongarm you . 
  not to mention that russia is an exporter of any vital natural resources , so it 's not like they need us for that , and any agricultural trade between us can just go somewhere else at a moment 's notice . 
  a bully does n't want to fight you , he just wants to beat you up . 
  putin wont fuck with us if we make it clear that fucking with us will give him a hard time . 
  having a military that will stand up to that of the russian federation is a part of that , as distasteful as that prospect is . 
  we could try make it so it 'd be too economically harmful for them to do anything to us , but that also goes both ways , which is not somewhere we want to be with russia being the way it is right now . 
  `` hrodland is a piece of shit '' see how it works ? 
  i do n't care , you do n't care . 
  magic of the internet . 
  however , that 's not the issue at play here , and i feel like you 've missed the point . 
  slander , defamation and libel are all targeted against a specific person and is a punishable crime pretty much anywhere . 
  `` hate speech '' is against a group of people . 
  they 're fundamentally different and out of all free democracies it is only punished in western europe . 
  historically , it 's easy to see why . 
  but the way i see it , we 're not post-world war ii europe anymore . 
  if the government is so scared its population will listen to maniacs , liars , and irrationality over simple logic then there is a much deeper societal issue that needs to be addressed here . 
  the true show of a progressive , democratic society is being able to say hateful things but also that nobody feels the need to say them in the first place . 
  censorship does n't deal with any problems , it just hides them , and as long as censorship exists , issues can never be out in the open . 
  it 's not like i like people like the front national , who made their name on denying the holocaust ( which actually inspired many of the censorship laws today ) , but it 's not like censorship has made them go away , has it ? 
   full fledged fos allows the likes of westboro church to exist and thrive publicly . 
  and i would argue , what 's the problem with that ? 
  expression of opinion and belief are fundamental to a democratic process , a free press and a free society - even if said opinion and beliefs are vile and distasteful , as a citizen your voice is there to be heard . 
  there 's a difference between censoring things like incitement to commit violence or inciting panic , like some groups do , which is illegal in the us as well as , say , france , and then there 's simply stating you do n't like this group of people or voicing your opinion on them , which is illegal just in france . 
  the problem with censorship is that it is final . 
  it ends any and all discussion on a particular topic . 
  hey , maybe in a few decades this kind of conversation we are having now will be illegal , hmm ? 
  fyi the wbc does not `` thrive '' - it 's a family cult . 
  if we the government can not trust the people of their countries to be sane enough to listen to reason and logic over hate speech , then there are much deeper societal problems that you should be worried about . 
  i 'm the guy who posted the top level comment , and i can definitely agree with what you 're saying ; freedom of speech is not absolute by any means . 
  libel , slander and defamation ( which i believe are the mot relevant manner in this discussion ) are all in regards to specific people . 
  you can not get charged for those by making generalizations . 
  `` irishmen are drunks '' - free speech `` cyridius is a drunk '' - slander there needs to be a bit of logic behind what the issue is here . 
  european style restrictions on speech are not the same as those in the us ~ in europe we restrict * opinions * , * thoughts * , * beliefs * , in the us it 's proven lies against an individual , conspiracy and incitement of panic or violence . 
   taking everything that comes out of the serbian government 's office as a fact . 
  show us a reliable , contradictory source . 
  well to be honest here ireland is mega neutral and we 're in the eu . 
  you 've invaded leichtenstein like , 3 times , i would n't fuck with the swiss . 
  i wish him luck . 
  i do n't agree with anything he says but unabridged freedom of speech is essential in every true democracy . 
  you do n't want cromwell style , cromwell style puts a monarch back in later on . 
  nah man , chinese is all the rage . 
  that video is n't necessarily accurate , he 's leaving out some very important parts ; 1 . 
  the monarchy also had a sizable debt which was part of the trade between the parliament and the monarchy , which to this day is still being dealt with 2 . 
  a ; in order to do anything on the land owned by the monarchy , the british parliament has to get their prior approval b ; it should be noted the monarchy is n't good at land management and is turning in less than optimal income 3 . 
  if the royal family being alive is so important , why do the palace of versailles and the louvre each have so much more visitors ? 
   citizen of the united states , ** at the time of the adoption of this constitution **, 
  actually that 's not particularly accurate ( i used to think the same , too ) . 
  the british monarchy take in more money than it gives back out when you take into account the debt the british parliament inherited when they struck the deal with the monarchy , and if you 're arguing tourism , then all of those palaces will still be there long after the monarchy is gone ( see ; versailles ) the idea of a monarchy to its core betrays the ideals of equality of human beings - that people in a western country can be born quite literally * above * everybody else and view you as a subject . 
  i suppose from a patriotic/morale point of view , you may like the monarchy , and the queen is a pretty good diplomat ( though seriously at this rate she really should abdicate and let charles have his turn ... the man 's bloody 65 ), 
  i definitely see your point and it is my primary concern with my own stance - i 'm not blind to it . 
  problem is that we do n't know anything about the political situation of 2045 . 
  maybe there will be a genuine threat in 2045 and what half of us will be doing is sitting with our thumbs up our asses while the other half fights our battle . 
  or maybe in 2045 governments will just want to pseudo-colonize another country and we repeat our same old mistakes . 
  from * ireland 's * stand point , i believe the risk is worth the reward . 
  since lisbon we 've been getting shoved further aside in union politics and if we want to maintain any form of relevancy we need to be able to establish ourselves as a nation of people who are committed to the european union and its ideals . 
  without that , the rapid degeneration of credibility we 've been having since our initial rejection of the lisbon treaty will only continue in its downward trend . 
  i absolutely agree , without a strong european military putin and his cronies would not hesitate to bully the union around , and our only defense is to demonstrate the capability to bully him back . 
  my country 's stance on this is disconcerting for a myriad of reasons ; 1 . 
  we 're effectively leeching off both nato and the eu for security whilst simultaneously condemning their behaviour 2 . 
  we 're not pulling our own weight within the union - we 're taking in more than we 're giving back , we 're not contributing to defense , and we 've created a shit tonne of political instability 3 . 
  ireland has rapidly been losing political relevancy since our first rejection of the lisbon treaty , and our continuing disassociation from mainland european issues is going to hasten that . 
  in order to maintain some relevancy as the union progresses , we need to throw ourselves in entirely 4 . 
  on a politically rare note ; honour . 
  ireland would genuinely be in the shitter without the eu , and before that all of our infrastructural and welfare projects have been subsidised by the eu - how can we continue to behave in such a manner when our debt to the union is so large ? 
  if i had my way we 'd go back to the era where we were the `` roaring mouse '' of the union , as some used to call us . 
  we need europe , and if we do n't make europe feel like they need us , we 're gon na end up screwed in the long term . 
  and that 's why it 's important we have some radical attitude adjustments . 
  i agree - for example morocco and turkey once upon a time tried to enter our fair union ; i believe turkey still is . 
  many people do n't want them simply because they are `` not european '' . 
  while the ethnicity of european varies wildly , we still do have our overall identity of `` european '' . 
  the eu is much more than an economic union , and thinking otherwise is truly ignorant .
