  which is exactly what happened in france . 
  wow , i just did a search there and it turns out the sp is with them . 
  which is annoying because yesterday i spent an hour trawling through the gue/ngl and socialist party websites trying to find out if they were affiliated . 
  i 'm going to have to look who 's standing here , but i do n't believe the socialists are . 
  this is a sinn f\u00e9in stronghold so it 'll likely be them . 
  socialist party is with pes , i 'm talking about gue/ngl who have no representation here . 
  sinn f\u00e9in is iffy . 
  they 've been out of government so long that it 's hard to recognize where they really stand , all they do is oppose everything the ruling government does . 
  they claim to be socialist but in reality i put them slightly left of center . 
  their whole `` claim to fame '' so to speak is their 32-county republican stance and how closely related they are to the nationalist movement , which is where they get a lot of their votes from . 
  they 're more populist than socialist imo . 
  many of their hardliners argued they deviated from their true socialist mission that they were militarily fighting for in the north decades ago . 
  the average modern day member of sinn f\u00e9in probably would n't know socialism if it hit them in the face . 
  hell , there was even a split between them a few decades back over their alignment to communism . 
  i do n't know who 's stupid enough to take pride in not voting . 
  i 'm just disappointed there 's no radical left parties to vote for in ireland . 
  you know your police force is authoritarian when there 's no more hooligans . 
  honestly everyone is too centrist for their own good . 
  the politics is repetitive . 
  there * are * left wing parties but they either have n't ran candidates in a national election in a lonnnnng time ( communist party ) and then there 's others who do but have barely any representation ( socialist party/workers action group ) in d\u00e1il . 
  and i do n't think it 's for a lack of policy , i think it 's simply really poor political presentation on their part , and that pretty much all leftist parties here are anti-eu , which does n't really sit well with political realities ( or even good policy , imo ) . 
  yup . 
  politics was dominated by the catholic church up until relatively recently . 
  people would pick up guns and go out and fight if the church told them to . 
  and many did just that during our war for independence . 
  you 're right , but at the same time this is the medical profession . 
  they need to be held to the same standards as british doctors in order to perform in britain . 
  if there was a europe-wide standard then it might make sense to just let them practice without any extra hassle . 
  this is a 5 day old article and this website is still the only source . 
  when i searched this the top result on google was stormfront . 
  i 'm not saying anything , but take that information as you will . 
  just make them pass the same tests british doctors pass . 
  problem solved . 
  of course , ireland has never had a left wing government . 
  it 's been right wing since our conception . 
  i do n't see why europe would be worried . 
  we 're all in the same club . 
  nuclear weapons though ? 
  waste of money . 
  bit of a bombastic title , but i did n't want to editorialize ... 
  actually the us made concessions to get the ussr to give up cuba . 
  they took all their missiles out of turkey . 
  they did n't strongarm and intimidate khrushchev into giving up . 
  they continuously negotiated until they came up with a solution that benefited both parties . 
   if russia is okay to mass 100,000 troops on their border . 
  the us should be fine putting ground forces in poland surely ? 
  we do n't know how many russian troops are on the border and 100,000 is a gross exaggeration of current estimates of 40,000 . 
  and if you want to behave like russia , then yes , it is fine . 
   what are russia 's interests ? 
  maintaining influence . 
  this conflict is practically existential for russia . 
  if they lose here , they lose influence regionally , which means they 're done . 
  which also means they 're not simply going to let go . 
  a military build up is a gathering military troops in a location . 
  as is happening now . 
  as for russia 's budget ? 
  their economy is in the shitter . 
  one of the ways to stimulate an economy is to invest in the military and get people jobs . 
  compound that with the fact russia has a huge landmass it needs to protect . 
  how does a military build up lower the risk of war ? 
  it 's a direct challenge to russia . 
  if we want to solve the problem in a diplomatic manner then we need to stop militarily responding . 
  most wars happen from each side talking eachother into it , which is exactly what 's happening . 
   and the proper european/american response to that would be a grander show of force to remind russia ( and ukraine , and our other allies all over the world ) ~ ~ exactly how little we tolerate violations of the international system we have created . ~ ~ that they 're surrounded by enemies that are dismissive of their security concerns you 're not showing russia anything that 's helping the situation . 
   by failing to response , we are allowing russia to gain influence because russia has proven it can flagrantly violate international laws and the system the americans and western europeans set up with no meaningful consequences . 
  that will only encourage other countries to do so as well , and when they do , they will look to russia for help . 
  by failing to respond ... how ? 
  how is a military build up doing anything ? 
  what precisely is the * goal * behind a military build up ? 
  intimidation ? 
  that 's not going to work . 
  here 's some realpolitik . 
  russia can , will , and does violate `` international laws '' . 
  as have europeans and americans . 
  strong countries do what they want to weaker ones . 
  if you 're trying to implement some sort of standard , the first step would be to follow it . 
  right now you 're taking the moral high ground and there is absolutely no basis on which to do so . 
  secondly , we have no right to impose * any * rules on russia . 
  this is a matter of diplomacy . 
  russia is not a subordinate state that has stepped out of line that only needs to be slapped back into place . 
  there is a necessity to talk them down , not * threaten them with military force * . 
   what , exactly , does russia want to gain from us diplomatically ? 
  what do you suggest we give them , in return for them returning to status quo ante ? 
  i suggest there is negotiation . 
  that we give russia something it wants . 
  we get something from russia in return . 
   and even if they do hold up their end , all they will have proven is that we will reward those who militarily annex parts of other states . 
  imagine if we strike a deal with russia in which they withdraw from crimea ( i can not imagine how , but let 's go with it ) . 
  we give them wide-ranging promises and all kinds of goodies . 
  what will we have proven ? 
  it will have proven that russia , one of the most powerful countries on the planet , can exert regional influence . 
  big deal . 
  you think that 's going to set a precedent ? 
  because it wont . 
  the only other country outside of western influence that can do that is china , everyone else gets bombed back to the stone age - if it suits our interests . 
  if you want to revisit your cold war fantasy , that 's fine . 
  i 'd rather actually resolve the conflict . 
  except russia is not the only one escalating the situation . 
  there is increasingly large build up of military assets in eastern europe . 
  increasingly aggressive rhetoric is coming out from the us .
