  you know , there is about 5 grand canyons worth of variety and depth to socialism/communism that you kind of just ignored . 
  but hey , communazis , amirtie ? 
  i doubt brazil will get passed germany . 
  they 've been playing only average the whole tournament , and that 's not good enough to beat germany anyhow . 
  on top of that neymar has a fractured back and he 's their best player , and without silva their defense is weak as fuck . 
  he does n't seem much of a specialist , before that he 'd only saved about 2/20 penalties . 
  anyhow , i 'm happy with the result . 
  i 've been going for belgium & netherlands since the start . 
  i 'm wagering on an all-european final between germany and netherlands . 
  they were the heads of the ddr back in the day . 
   i hope angela merkel listened intently . 
  wagenknecht summarizes exactly why nationalism is popping up in europe . 
  angela merkel is doing everything top-down behind closed doors . 
  people want more democracy and transparency precisely . 
  let me give you an old socialist anecdote ;  lenin , stalin , and trotsky sit together in the winter palace in the aftermath of red october , flush with the shock and optimism of their sudden triumph . 
   as they converse , a comrade enters the room to tell them the state police records are on their way . 
  they arrive , a pile of papers documenting the informants of the state . 
  as they page through the stack , their faces darken . 
  they are each astonished by the number of their comrades who were secret informants of the government . 
   quislings , traitors , and turncoats among their inner circle . 
  they gaze at each other in disbelief . 
  the room quiets . 
  the mirthful mood of the day vanishes beneath the bleak recognition that their solidarity was na\u00efve . 
   then lenin leans back in his chair and smiles . 
  stalin and trotsky frown at him -- nothing is funny about deceit . 
   but lenin brightens and says , `` do n't you see ? 
  it does n't matter that the government had infiltrated our ranks . 
  when the tide of history is upon you , resistance is futile . '' the point he was making , is that it did n't matter that there were informants in their ranks ; these same informants were taken in by the ideology and were given a say in the operations of the party . 
  transparency and democracy . 
  those two things make the biggest skeptics a believer . 
  if merkel wants to get the people behind the eu , the eu needs to get behind the people . 
  it is a lack of this transparency and democracy that has lead to such parties as ukip and fn getting such strong support from the population . 
   it 's the kind of claim people make that sounds good , but there 's nothing really on the surface of it . 
  except reality . 
  money is power in our politics . 
  you think the people negotiating are n't feeding everything back to their corporate sponsors ? 
  just watched bbc news and according to the tv broadcast , sloviansk is under government control now . 
  freedom of movement does n't mean right to residence . 
  countries can still deport people they do n't like . 
  what am i looking at ? 
  about 90 % of the socialist parties in europe are social democrats and are just named socialist for historical reasons . 
  i believe the indignados are at least influenced by marx/leaning towards marxism , but that 's my impression from hearing a little bit about them second hand , so it 's obviously not a solid analysis . 
  i find it hilarious how the nazi party somehow became centrist for uk like , i know the uk is a pretty right wing country , but i do n't think it 's * that * right wing . 
  all well and good , but in the meantime corporate lobbyists have exclusive access while we 're out in the cold . 
  / r/europe too moderated ? 
  lol what 's funny about fascist ridden shit-subs like / r/european is that the first post expressing a non-xenophobic non-racist view got warned by a moderator ( the most esteemed and unbiased ramblinrambo , founder of / r/islamunveiled ) . 
  i find it hilarious how the sub explicitly states it is uncensored and welcomes all political views then explicitly bans far-left views and has the ukip sub as an affiliate . 
  what i find even more hilarious is that you 're bitching about censorship , because when i expressed my pro-gun views you flipped shit and said i should be locked up for my beliefs . 
  so , i tell you what , you , ramblinrambo , that sub , and everyone like you can suck my brown , arabian , circumcised cock . 
  i am glad that it exists , because since then shitposting , filthy racism and xenophobia on / r/europe has decreased dramatically now that the mentally disabled have an outlet other than here . 
   it 's well known that turks ( or maybe just non-euros ? ), 
  it 's ok , you can say muslim . 
  i say that as i 'm using my huawei phone right now . 
   furthermore , they could have pushed for early elections . 
  which is what they did . 
  they even signed a deal with yanukovych which involved him staying in power for around 6 months and holding elections then . 
  the protesters rejected it . 
  we did n't push for a new government . 
  we were publicly humiliated by the ukrainian protesters . 
   the pro-west movement in ukra\u00efne won everything , and the pro-russian east lost it all . 
  but this has nothing to do with our actions . 
  the uprising was triggered by unnecessary hostile actions from russia which forced yanukovych to pick either moscow or brussels . 
  he picked moscow and that lead to protests which , due to yanukovych 's actions , escalated into revolt . 
   the eu and our foreign ministers should have looked for a solution western ukra\u00efne and eastern ukra\u00efne could both accept , i.e. 
  new elections ( and making sure it 's fair ) . 
  which they did . 
  repeatedly . 
  first yanukovych rejected the idea , then the protesters rejected the idea . 
  the biggest thing that destabalized ukraine was ukraine itself . 
  europe 's only liability lies in complicit acceptance of the new government which reflected the new will of the people as decided by their representatives in the duma . 
  this majority will only got cast into doubt when armed gunmen being paraded as locals started showing up , and we know for a fact now that they were russian troops . 
  as contradictory as that ruling was , it 's really not relevant here . 
  i dunno , china is not a business partner you should trust . 
  it 's not a strange methodology for them to get the blueprints for some tech , break contract and mass produce their former business partner into bankruptcy . 
   supporting extreme militarization how ? 
   declaring whole people terrorists the ukrainian government declared them terrorists . 
   failing to accept ukrainian mobilization crisis ? 
   supporting the shelling of the cities how ? 
   supporting rs on maidan how ? 
  i dunno , i think we take them pretty fucking seriously when it comes to areas in which they are politically involved . 
  egypt is much less an african nation as it is a mid-east one ; in that it is and always has looked across the sinai , politically and culturally . 
  south africa , the same . 
  i think when it comes to blame we can only really point the people at those who swung the sword or pulled the trigger , but we also have to take into account those who facilitated or enabled these crimes to happen ; for example the french and belgians for selling arms . 
  it 's not like african countries come from the same political or historical context that europe does . 
  trying to hold everyone to the same standard is pointless and often punitive . 
  can you explain our role in the de-stabilisation of ukraine ? 
   in the current climate . 
  emphasis . 
  the eurozone is not something you join thinking of the short term effects or benefits . 
  the irish were a substantial component of the empire 's colonial armies , so around ~ 40 % of the redcoats would 've been irish . 
  why are people jumping down the finnish organizer 's throats ? 
  the guy 's just conforming to iesf 's standards which means a segregated tournament . 
  not his own fault , given that the winner goes on to play in an iesf tournament in which a woman can not play . 
  they 're doing it to conform with iesf standards , which is south korean . 
  the organizers of the finnish tournament ca n't really be to blame here . 
  the winner goes onto the iesf world cup in baku and if that 's a woman they 're automatically dq 'd . 
  it 's stupid and archaic , but the guys in finland are n't to blame here . 
   people who think the solution to gun crime is more guns i 'm in favour of gun rights , and while i personally do n't tow this line i think i can fill you in on this line of thought . 
  the idea is law and order through fear . 
  would a man risk robbing a store if everyone is armed ?
