  i 'd love to know it but it 's taught so badly in schools that most of us loose the will to learn it and end up hating it . 
  the greeks lived all through the south half of the boot , so maybe that was it . 
  why does the times of israel keep getting posted here ? 
  a very american point of view , and not necessarily the wrong one . 
  it 's a different sort of perspective ; america has no `` american culture '' so to speak , it is a melting pot of immigrant cultures and ideals and as such has always been pretty fluid and flexible as the population is so diverse . 
  european countries are not the same . 
  they have cultures going back hundreds of years that they identify with on a national level . 
  keeping that culture alive , preserving part of your nation 's history - hell , many would see it as part of their nation 's existence and sovreignty - in this day and age is extremely difficult . 
  as such these kinds of taxes are imposed to discourage people from forgetting their culture too much . 
  i do n't agree or disagree with the practice , as it 's hard to form an opinion on ; my convenience and dislike of a nanny state vs. my country 's culture and history is a tough choice to make . 
  with that said , this `` culture tax '' is probably just extra revenue for the tax state , as opposed to anything else . 
  did n't assad offer free elections down the line in response to the protests ? 
  i think we 've lost sight of what sparked this civil war in the first place , and you 've in the nail on the head . 
  a lot of people are only really thinking about the current narrative ; dictator vs. 
  terrorists , as is so often the case these days . 
  but this conflict was spawned by a violent crackdown on peaceful demonstrations . 
  assad is the root cause of this conflict . 
  personally , as things currently are , if i was * forced * to align myself to a faction , it would be assad . 
  but only because the people who he 's fighting are a worse alternative ; islamic fundamentalists , terrorists of all stripes , the ksa - nobody i 'd like to see with more influence . 
  while assad is a bad guy , we must remember at the same time before his foolish and thuggish move to suppress the population as if this was the 20 ^ th century , he also did offer `` free '' elections years down the line . 
  we 've all seen repeatedly throughout history what happens when a population demands change too quick ; the belgian withdrawl from the congo is a prime example . 
  i think when we come down to it , we 're stuck in a situation that no foreign involvement can fix . 
  what we need to do as sympathizers to the humanitarian crisis is to donate money to aid organizations working in and around the region ; primarily in lebanon which is trying to cope with the humanitarian situation but is simply not equipped to handle the scale of the disaster . 
  just my 2c, 
  ireland ; * dublin airport had it 's 20 millonth passenger * former hardline unionist iain paisley gets admitted to hospital * major power outs across the country due to heavy storms * taoiseach promises to campaign for gay rights * after a 13 hour stand off between a gunman and the garda\u00ed , an un-named man in his 30 's has been arrested * talks on peace in northern ireland ( and the usage of flags ... seriously people ) commence * car bomb only partially exploded in dublin city , no injuries, 
  it 's a shakespeare reference . 
  i think it 's in the opening scene in act i of hamlet . 
  but the us are the better businessmen . 
  they get the european engineers , educated in europe , and either get them to go to america to work there or have their own offices set up in europe to hire these people on . 
  ireland , for example , has a very educated workforce in terms of science and technology , but almost all work in american companies that have set up shop in ireland - facebook , google , intel , ibm , cisco , amazon , dell , apple , ebay , oracle , paypal , microsoft , hp and twitter all have significant presence in ireland . 
  if you include other people like goldman sachs that are set up in the uk , people educated in ireland do n't have to go far at all to work for american companies . 
  absolutely . 
  not only is it useful for * their * safety ( they need equipment , too ) , but this was n't complicity on the part of the manufacturer designed for the nsa . 
  these are exploits * anyone * could use . 
  you only need to be earning like 300,000 and up to be in the top 1 % . 
  it 's not reserved for the super-rich . 
  in many european countries it 's even lower . 
  in ireland we have tax rates up until the mid 60 's . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  just another reason for me to exploit my government for cheaper education before i emigrate . 
  i 'm not giving those bastards my money . 
  obviously . 
  low income working class people are the most effected by immigration , and low income working class people are generally poorly educated . 
  can we not resort to low brow , * stupid * attacks on people ? 
  there are very legitimate reasons to be against immigration . 
  we do n't tolerate intolerant people around here . 
  shitting all over nationalists and conservatives is cool for us `` tolerant '' folk . 
  because we 're so tolerant and they 're not . 
  more like a direct result of russia suppressing two rebellions in chechnya . 
  how long do you expect the oppressed to not fight back ? 
  the us and israelis are the biggest terrorists on the planet , and all those who help them achieve their goals should be ashamed . 
  my country included . 
  however , motive is different . 
  those drone operators do n't do this because they want to or because it 's their belief . 
  they do it because it 's their job . 
  if someone told them to do something else with those drones , they would . 
  in contrast , someone joins a terror organization in order to commit violent acts of terrorism . 
  someone joins intelligence or the airforce or other military branches for a myriad of reasons . 
  i do n't hold a high opinion of volunteer military personnel serving a broad in the past 7 or 8 years , but it 's a different principal . 
  there could be a million reasons . 
  there 's a lot of dissident and political movements in russia . 
  comes with russia being ... what it is . 
  chechnya , dagestan , and the rest of the caucasian republics have always been a hotbed . 
  positive discrimination practices make no sense and are absolutely crushing for work ethic and office morale . 
  people should n't be treated more favourably as a result of their gender . 
  if they love them so much i 'm sure they would n't mind being deported to syria . 
  the last half of your sentence totally caught me off guard . 
  the land is privately owned . 
  seizing it is illegal and undemocratic . 
  the thing about the french is that they took all the land from the monarchy hundreds of years ago when there was no such laws that we have now . 
  how they own it is irrelevant , the only relevance is that they 've privately owned it in a legal manner for generations . 
  actually , the british royal family does absolutely make a net economic profit for the british government . 
  in exchange for the government taking care of them and maintaining their palaces , the monarchy gives them use of their * privately owned * land , which the government then rents out and makes money from . 
  the government receive like 1.2 # or so per every 0.25 # , it 's something like that , i ca n't recall the exact numbers . 
  needless to say the monarchy is beneficial . 
  in a republic they 'd still have rightful ownership of that land and the government would n't be able to use it anymore , so now you 've lost money and we 're not even counting the money from tourism that the royal family brings . 
  what makes the british monarchy so unique as opposed to the old french one , is that it 's * still alive * . 
  when you see the monarch 's symbols , the royal guard , the castles , they 're all * real * . 
  they 're not just for-show touristy gimmicks . 
  not to mention that the queen/king is a much more prestigious diplomat than democratic alternatives , their voice carries a lot more weight . 
  i remember some cheeky uk ambassadors telling us to `` follow their lead '' . 
  would n't want to be caught calling the flemish guy a belgian ... 
  you pay into your pension fund while you work , too . 
  thinking that we , as europeans , are innocent of the same espionage that the us is guilty of is naive . 
  while i 'm proud of europe and of the union , i can also say with shame that we might as well name ourselves satellite states of the us . 
  our governments all share information on eachother 's citizens , and we all spy on eachother . 
  the only thing our governments are indignant or angry about is that they were caught . 
  spain is really just three ( maybe four , i 'm not informed on the status of the galician culture in iberia ) cultures cobbled together under one flag as a result of long standing unions of the castilian and aragonese royal families . 
  i hope that both the catalan and basque people get their desired independence , and i 'd really love to see that replicated across other european countries like the united kingdom and belgium . 
  self-determination is very important . 
  this is a common fallacy when it comes to statistics . 
  just because it 's a percentage does n't mean it 's foolproof . 
  in theory , these are 10000000000 % accurate . 
  in practicality , what / u/frivilligit is saying is , let 's say spain and ireland both have a stadium of 50,000 , and on a particular match , both get filled up . 
  the % of people in ireland that attended would be far larger than spain due to the disparities in population , but if the spanish stadium was twice the size , it would have more than 50,000 people due to a larger population . 
  essentially , this makes it harder for large population countries to get higher percentages because both they and the smaller countries hit the attendance cap . 
  with all of that said , that does n't invalid these statistics . 
  it just contextualizes them . 
  the map is entirely accurate ( assuming it 's well sourced ) and these are in fact , the population % that attend matches . 
  you never start off big .
