  if the uk leaves , it will find greater profitability elsewhere . 
  how is this xenophobic bigoted shit getting upvoted ? 
  by that logic all crime is terrorism . 
  of course , terrorism only applies to those * other * people . 
  yeah guys , every single thread we must inject our little britain mentality into the mix !, 
  / r/unexpected, 
  it 's just you . 
  i 'll be using that term in future . 
  it 's quite clever . 
  the ruling class is a subsection of the people ; but it is a separate entity in of itself . 
  there is not mobility between people living in slums and people living in a palace , one can not become the other . 
  there is some very , very , very rare instances of such , that to consider that a real factor would be like saying `` everyone can be wealthy because we can all win the lottery '' . 
  it 's statistically insignificant . 
  so when you say the `` ruling class comes from the people '' , i would say you are correct in that the members of the ruling class are part of the same species . 
  they are human beings . 
  but they are socioeconomically separated from us , and always have been . 
   because they 're apathetic , uneducated , ill informed , people do n't become apathetic by themselves . 
  apathy is a result of alienation from the system ; why be active if your activity effects nothing ? 
  education is another matter of social alienation ; in a society in which the wealthy benefit from a - for lack of a better work - proletariat that is not class conscious , surely they would gear their resources towards making the system prevent those people from gaining class consciousness . 
  so , given that it is the elites that control society from the get go , the elites will gear their resources towards suppressing the consciousness of the people , and as such people can not be educated or informed using normal social means ; that is , you ca n't trust the system to educate you on the system 's flaws . 
   or overly comfortable . 
  this i agree with , the people who are living comfortably ( i.e. 
  `` middle class '' ) want stability more than anything , and will not have the impetus to act unless that stability , and as such , their way of life , is threatened . 
   revolutions can and do happen . 
  do they ? 
  we can call the euromaidan in ukraine a revolution of sorts , but a revolution requires a systemic change . 
  most revolutions are not class conscious in nature and as such no * real * systemic change takes place , and one could argue in that situation that they 're not really revolutions at all . 
   if people are unwilling to change it , or were unwilling to form it , then that 's on them . 
  they ca n't just give up their responsibility for the system they live in . 
  hell , most people would happily complain on reddit about a political or what have you problem , but could n't be bothered writing to their mps , starting a different political party , what-have-you . 
  in their minds doing things is hard , and often hardly worth doing . 
  of course , but people have to know there 's a problem in the first place , and people have to know what the cause is . 
  knowing there 's a problem is easy , knowing what 's causing it is a matter of some difficulty if you 're living within the system . 
  as we both probably know , a system only works based on the complicit nature of the individuals that live within it ; but that does n't mean that the individuals have any real , actionable power * within * the system . 
  the one true actionable power that the general population has is the removal of complicit acceptance , asserting that the system justify itself , and at that point the system collapses . 
  * that * is your revolution . 
  by voting different , or writing your mps , you are not doing anything that is fundamentally going to change the system . 
  say you write an mp and he ignores you , and you vote him out of office ; what has changed ? 
  in reality is it not simply that you have voted out one elite that ignores you in place of another ? 
  once those who are in power realize they need only to pretend to listen , they will act solely in their own interests and in the interests of the system . 
  not of the population . 
  and say you start a party ; no party is successful in any meaningful way if they are working * within * the system to * destroy * the system . 
  the elites do not let the system be destroyed because the system is created by them to work in their favour . 
  a classic example would be murdoch 's media empire , which can make or break politicians . 
  so we must ask ourselves ; if the system is created to preserve itself , how can we trust the system to educate its subservient populace on how to destroy it ? 
  it simply wont . 
  people , to change a system meaningfully , must act outside the system . 
  and people do n't know that as long as they 're indoctrinated to work within the system or indoctrinated to feel that there is no point to trying to change the system at all , will never be able to actually change it . 
  running again with the euromaidan revolution , the people had finally found the capability to act outside the system , but as soon as they pushed the system to breaking point , the system gave them fake concessions and instead of dismantling the system can effecting real change , the people decided to keep the very same system that caused the problem in the first place . 
  and that is because they were not class conscious enough to recognize the problem , and that 's because they 've been educated by the system , not because they 're apathetic or lazy . 
  but why would people create a system counter to their interests ? 
  and is it really their creation if these systems have been created under the coercion of a ruling class ? 
  is a person whos energies must be geared towards work and survival really as accountable as the elite classes which hold the power and wealth to begin with ? 
  i think you 're going too heavy on the metaphors and a lot of the points you 're trying to make are going to go over people 's heads . 
  but which people ? 
  that 's fucking barbaric . 
  i 'm in ireland , btw austerity when used in isolation is a terrible , counter-productive policy . 
  if you approach it from the standpoint of increasing efficiency of services where there is bureaucratic bloat , it can work . 
  but it is not used like that , it 's used as a `` cut all essential services , keep the bureaucracy , and then start selling shit off when it does n't work ( as expected ) and then the corporations will be nice and happy with us '' strategy . 
  not only is it terrible for the populations , it 's fucking terrible for smes who need a socially mobile population with lots of purchasing power in order to survive , let alone thrive . 
  meanwhile , all the government needs to do is talk about how great everything is going and how all we need to do is tough out this period of discomfort and it 'll all sort itself out . 
  the second we leave this crisis , we 'll still be bloody recovering from all the austerity by the time we hit the next one . 
  and the next one is assuredly coming . 
  out of all countries going through extensive austerity measures , ireland is probably recovering the best , and it 's not even recovering all that well . 
  we 'll never again reach the quality of life we had . 
  the problem is that keynesian economics does n't work either . 
  there is no solution that we have that fixes the fundamental problems ; those problems being the fundamentally unequal distribution of wealth , the massive supply of international labour , and the massive dependency on multinational corporations to maintain the economy . 
  these problems are systemic . 
  it 's like if you broke someone 's legs and then gave him a choice of either one crutch or two crutches . 
  it does n't fucking matter when he ca n't stand up to use either of them in the first place . 
  murdoch 's media pushes a million agendas that benefit corporate powers , because himself and his friends who all own massive stakes in various non-media corporations all benefit from government policies and actions . 
  there 's nothing socialist about the french socialist party and has n't been for decades . 
  social democracy is not socialism . 
  that 's because the only thing most politicians believe in , is power . 
  this concept of `` mob rule '' is anti-democratic rhetoric used by the ruling classes to keep people from being politically active . 
  there is no `` mob '' . 
  there is people . 
  you forget that it is this same so-called mob that the politicians come from . 
  instead of this so-called `` mob rule '' propaganda , we have the mob rule of the politicians . 
  what else do you called a parliamentary majority ? 
  the difference is that the politicians are members of the elite class and are only interested in staying in power and looking out for themselves while keeping the rest of the population educated enough to be qualified to do complex jobs but dumb enough to not question why they 're doing them . 
  law and judicial systems are not democratic because objective view points based on evidence are required to make accurate decisions so a separate party is appointed to oversee the case ; and even * then * you are not correct , when juries are a democratic construct . 
  it 's crazy that people claim to espouse values of democracy yet hold views that are fundamentally anti-democratic . 
  if you want to see voters that are informed and care , you give them the democratic initiative and focus on educating them on how to exercise it . 
  you enforce an aristocratic ruling class if you do otherwise . 
  that 's not how that works . 
  people get elected on a mandate . 
  they 're meant to carry out that mandate . 
  if you flip flop ( i.e. 
  * lie * ) on issues then you 're a populist who 's * only * interest is staying in power . 
  it 's democratically illegitimate . 
  that venn diagram is actually really good . 
  it 's pretty much always been like this but it 's gotten much worse in the past 3 or 4 months . 
  good articles and videos that people disagreed with were still upvoted and discussed . 
  but people have gotten far more hostile in the past few months and with the higher amount of subscribers it 's always going to be extremely difficult to get different views expressed anymore . 
   any person from the other provinces who has done the irish aural exam in the leaving certificat , knows how much of a pain it is trying to decipher what the person from ulster is saying . 
  i just guessed . 
  ah sure that 's limerick city bai !, 
   cork is just made fun of because we know that we 're fantastic i swear to god we should just make you your own country for a few days . 
  a cork person could be in heaven before god and still complain that it 's not like cork .
