  we all know that . 
  that 's what the mission found . 
  the responsibility for the war and the russian provocation , however , is something that we should all be familiar with when considering modern context . 
  had the ukrainian soldiers in crimea defended themselves and shot at russian troops , the fact finding mission would 've found that ukrainians fired first ; * not * that they were responsible for the war . 
  firstly , we 're not americans . 
  `` communist '' is n't some giant insult as a byproduct from the red scare and decades of propaganda . 
  except for maybe the polish . 
  secondly , there 's nothing communist about russia or russians in general . 
  thirdly , `` fuck you '' is not an appropriate response to anything . 
  it 's the cool thing to do . 
  the fact that galloway still has a job after all these decades of shit is a testament to ... 
  i do n't know what it 's a testament to , but it 's something bad . 
  i dunno , i think a big enough cache of weapons is enough to bring any military to its knees in an insurgency , provided that military cares about civilian casualties . 
  someone with out dated shitty weapons can cause a lot of damage and there 's no shortage of crazies in transnistria , especially decades later when people would 've grown under that regime . 
  in fairness that deserves a post all on it own !, 
  it was also a real reason why the north of ireland fought so hard against unification with the south . 
  even before independence when we were fighting ( politically ) for a devolved parliament , the big slogan against it was `` home rule is rome rule '' . 
  and we pretty much proved them right for the first 70 years or so . 
  now * they 're * the more backwards part of the island . 
  catholic church has a very strong and very recent history of being an extremely overall negative force in society , and still is in a lot of places . 
  the church is far more in the way of `` progression '' than any amount of muslims , because unlike the muslims , the church has a very strong political influence at the top levels , especially in countries like poland . 
   had to read down to the 17th paragraph before i read the word `` muslim '' and then it 's only to make excuses for them : implying all muslims are responsible . 
  racist . 
   ah so it 's only this `` radical '' islam which is to blame . 
  implying it is islam in general to blame . 
  racist . 
  c.  and sure the poor muslims are only attacking jews because they feel alienated from society . 
  implying all muslims are antisemitic and blaming them for being poor/alienated . 
  racist . 
  d.  maybe if they did n't belong to an intolerant racist . 
  e.  backward racist . 
  f.  stone-age cult racist . 
  g.  they could fit in more and would n't have to resort to attacking jews . 
  saying all muslims are racist . 
  and then you actually sarcastically claim you 're not racist . 
  anyone that 's see more than a handful of your comments knows you 're rabidly racist . 
  also , inb4 `` muslims are n't a race '' , because hey , if you 're insulting 1.6 billion people at the same time you 're still not stereotyping , generalizing and displaying massive levels of ignorance that come from someone who spends all his time reading tabloid papers and white supremacy forums . 
  yeah , i was just adding to it . 
  \\  conducts racist rant about how racists muslims are \\  still does n't believe he 's racist, 
  it was the american anti-defamation league aka `` everything is antisemitism '', 
  it 's simply saying that it is n't over until they say it 's over . 
  in fairness to op , as much as a sensationalist he is , it 's put under the `` isis '' section in the guardian . 
  estimated around 235 million . 
  title ; '' ` jihadist ' flag flown in east london '' that 's it . 
  nice sensationalized title op . 
  ireland never qualifies for any infographics :(, 
  i get the intercity several times a week ( dublin -  belfast and vice versa ) and it 's the one shown in op 's picture . 
  there 's newer models , but his is still in service . 
  but the trains run on time in italy !, 
  it 's , like , the * only * thing mussolini did right . 
  loving that foreground for perspective . 
  they explain in the article . 
  less money from trade --  need more money from the domestic market to make up difference --  drive up prices . 
  similarly , we risk losing about 235 $ in the agri trade with russia , which is pretty significant for an economy as vulnerable as ours . 
  you call that grass ? 
  we have the greenest grass that ever grew . 
  you poor soul . 
   no , i said israel has a right to defend themselves that 's what i just said you said . 
  `` acting within its rights '' . 
  and you 've repeatedly had goes at me for being socialists and clamoured about `` socialist brigades '' . 
  your views of the left are blatant for everyone to see . 
  on top of this , you support israel 's right to `` defend itself '' through settlement of the west bank , enforcing a blockade , and wholesale bombing and shelling of neighbourhoods and cities . 
  sounds pretty fascist to me . 
   no , israel has won their right to exist through war . 
  it 's not even a debate . 
  you ca n't dissolve the state of israel . 
  that makes it even worse . 
  you can not seize territory through war , that 's illegal under international law . 
  israel `` won '' its right to exist when the untied nations imposed its existence upon the people of palestine without even exercising the fundamental right to self-determination . 
  nothing more , nothing less . 
  given that we are several generations down the line , israel 's right to exist or lack thereof is largely irrelevant . 
   now that 's actually an anti-semitic comment . 
  hurr the jews are doing it . 
  it 's a scare tactic by the jooossss . 
   dude you are so crazy . 
  go back to stormfront . 
  the antisemitic card does n't work on anyone with half a brain . 
  come up with a legitimate refutation to my statements or do n't respond . 
  the views that you express that israel is an infallible state that commits no crimes , that oppresses no people , that is acting well within the law and well within its rights . 
  the views that you express that are a legitimate hatred of the left , which is a fascist characteristic . 
  the view that israelis are somehow more entitled to the land than the palestinians and that the palestinians are not entitled to resist . 
  that 's zionism , which is ultranationalism , which is a fascist characteristic . 
  all you need to do is say that islam is a cancerous religion and israel should wipe gaza off the map ; things high ranking israelis have said repeatedly . 
  israel 's right to existence is debatable and has many reasonable and logical arguments for and against . 
  i also think that most of them are now irrelevant now that israel * does * exist and many generations of israelis live on palestinian land that they 've taken . 
  so it does n't matter if i think israel has a right to exist or not . 
  that 's like asking if the united kingdom has a right to exist . 
  it 's something of the past that can not be changed . 
  and i disagree that antisemitism is `` on the rise '' , that 's a scare tactic used to make jews look victimized and as a result shift the light for israel 's breaches of international law and war crimes . 
  antisemitism , as well as general xenophobia , has * always * existed in europe . 
  it 's not anymore prevailant today than it was a year ago . 
  it has always existed , and it has always been categorically immoral and wrong and mostly illegal . 
  well , yeah . 
  i do n't think people are gon na argue that one . 
  so you 're saying i have my head up my ass because someone else is rabidly racist ? 
  solid logic . 
  you know , actually talking to people instead of being a giant piece of shit and behaving the way you are , is probably a * better * idea if you 're trying to get a message across . 
  that edgy `` i do n't sugarcoat it '' attitude is moronic . 
  what 's the pay like over in israel anyways ? 
  to spread misinformation online , that is .
