  in fairness though all during our time in the empire , we were a hot spot for a very large amount of the conflict the brits were involved in . 
  `` hey , poland , i know we 've been allies for the past 200 years now and i know that you 've bailed me out of countless situations , but i 'm just gon na take this big chunk of land on our border . 
  i hope that 's cool with you . 
  thanks , hungary '', 
   true but foreign soldiers from france , belgium , poland and others ( along with their governments in exile ) were stationed in britain during the war . 
  most fought bravely to safeguard britain including in its `` finest hour '' when it was threatened with invasion . 
  and most of them were forgotten about and swept under the rug immediately in a concerted effort . 
  the polish were n't even allowed into the victory parade and were told to go home , where thousands of them were rounded up and/or executed as `` spies '' . 
  reality is that the british people by and large still embrace this idea of `` britannia rules the waves '' . 
  and they 're entitled to that nationalism , but it 's simply a driving wedge between themselves and the rest of europe and they should understand that . 
  spain , france , portugal , the netherlands , and so on were all extremely powerful , world dominating countries at one stage or another , yet we wont see that strong sense of `` we 're the best '' anymore . 
  it 's because we 've all moved on . 
  i do n't think the british have , and geographical isolation is a big part of that . 
  but the eu is n't doing this . 
  in fact , it 's a competency left * entirely * up to the country . 
  you ca n't just say `` hey guys i want to join your special club but please change everything for me because i do n't want to have to deal with this issue '' . 
  it 's all on you . 
  if * your * welfare system is n't working because * you * decided to join the eu , then it 's * your * issue that * you * need to solve . 
  how you solve it , of course , is up to you . 
  leaving the eu or whatever , it 's any country 's right as a sovreign state . 
  but this ragging on the eu and constantly blaming the eu for all the problems in a country that the government of that country created ? 
  that 's bullshit and it 's why so many people look down at the uk . 
  it 's like saying `` i shot myself in the face , fucking useless doctors could n't fix it up to be exactly the way it was before , what a load of wankers '' . 
   what happened to cause such a tragedy ? 
  the catholic church . 
  they ran orphanages/children 's homes on the government 's behalf . 
  during that time there was a wide range of unchecked , rampant abuses towards the children in said homes . 
  a mass grave would simply be icing on the cake . 
  the guy 's right , this has the scum in the church written all over it . 
  their orphanages were hell holes and it strikes me as something they 'd do and deny at every possible turn until it come to light a few years from now it was all them and they 'll pretend to be sorry about it . 
  vb = vincent browne 's show , vincenzo = vincent brown, 
   so the market will not decide the cost of production . 
  how will you know if the cost of the production is above the possible income of the sold finished product ? 
  i did n't understand your question . 
  yes , the market would broadly outline the costs , but the decision of how much to sell things at etc. , as today , would be left up to the people doing the selling . 
  the primary difference between modern business and socialism would be worker control . 
  everything else could , logically speaking , stay * roughly * the same . 
  but the dynamic as a result of worker control of all capital would cause a massive social shift . 
   that 's the beauty of capitalism , everyone can do enterprise as they please . 
  but here 's the problem ; socialists do n't view it this way . 
  yes , everyone can start any business they like . 
  great . 
  but to socialists this is like saying `` well , you could just choose to not be a slave '' . 
  technically , yeah , you could make that choice , but it does n't change the reality . 
  we see capitalism as a fundamentally exploitative system , where in the `` traditional '' company , as you call it , workers are exploited by the system . 
  how does this exploitation look ? 
  well , for one , workers do not make the decisions . 
  they can decide to leave the company , and then they 're unemployed and end up poor as fuck . 
  depending on which country that is , that can be living with no luxuries to starving to death . 
  not a fair choice . 
  secondly , the workers are not paid what they are worth . 
  which we 've already discussed . 
  socialism wants to end that system , so that no workers are exploited and that all the people on this planet are treated fairly and equally regardless of where they happened to be born or what they were born into . 
  in contrast , in a capitalist society , you have massive corporations like nestl\u00e9 fighting against and ignoring child labour laws , or companies taking the money from one country and investing it overseas because the workers over there are easier to exploit because of the lack of worker 's protections ; eg . 
  bangladesh or china . 
  so , for us , it 's not really a matter of `` live and let live , you do n't bother me i do n't bother you '' , it 's a matter of `` these people are doing bad things , we should stop them '' , which is why these ideologies are not compatible , and why capitalists try to suppress socialism and why socialists often become so militant . 
   as long as you keep the state away from it it might even work . 
  but as soon as you introduce central planning of any sort it will fail a lot of socialists see `` the state '' as part of the problem , as in the current system exclusively serves capitalists , and that the lawmakers do n't serve the people . 
  taken on its own , outside of socialism , this is a common belief amongst many , many people . 
  probably the majority of people . 
  as such , there can only ever be implementation of socialism when the state is radically changed to represent the will of the people ; and at this point you diverge into reformist socialism and revolutionary socialism , which is a whole different argument to get into . 
   i am the rightful owner of my businesses , not my workers . 
  oh shucks , i guess we should respect your right to exploit your workers !, 
   power will be the new commodity . 
  you think it is n't ? 
  you think our current political system acts exclusively in your interests ? 
  you think that current politics is functional ? 
  if you answer yes to any of these questions you are deluded . 
   the odds are it will . 
  perhaps not in the future but with out current politics it will . 
  what odds are that ? 
   joint-stock trading was invented . 
  and ? 
  you think capitalism only exists as a result of stocks ? 
   some merchants had the concept since before but it was at a smaller scale and frankly , without them we would n't start trading eachother . 
  capitalism - or if we 're going on your absurd , nonexistent definition of absolutely unregulated and uncontrolled capitalism , then we can say capitalistic tendencies - has been around for centuries . 
  it 's had its time and place and it was useful then for that precise reason . 
  not anymore . 
   so in reality those are the ones you need to thank for having everything you have today . 
  of course i do . 
  i can thank them for everything i have today . 
  absolutely . 
  that does n't mean it is n't a fundamentally exploitative system and that it should n't be dismantled . 
  we can thank the chinese government for enforcing cheap labour so i can afford all this shit , that does n't mean i should like the chinese government or that i should like how they treat their workers . 
   you however assume you are . 
  of course i assume i 'm correct . 
  if i did n't think i was correct i would n't argue my point . 
   the thing is you believe everyone in the world is wrong except for one guy named marx . 
   so usa are communists aswell ? 
   china and russia are communist states , and that 's no discussion that 's the most patently absurd and moronic thing i 've ever seen . 
  just no . 
  learn what the fuck communism is . 
   same with communism and politics . 
  how are you going to defend that ? 
  i 'm not going to . 
  the difference is that i ca n't buy politicians in one and i can in the other . 
   so you 're claiming every country in the world are purely capitalist ? 
  `` pure '' capitalism is nonexistent , thankfully . 
   so if i need a two summer houses and one mansion , do i get them ? 
   a tl ; dr on that one is that marxists , anarchists and leninists use `` state capitalism '' .
