  bing is not google . 
  google is not bing . 
  they do not cooperate . 
  they are not the same . 
  they handle their takedown requests on their own . 
  as a single entity . 
  isolated . 
  independent . 
  not the same . 
  separate . 
  two things acting entirely independently and entirely isolated from one another does not mean two things are acting together and sharing the load . 
  that is a direct contradiction . 
  if i take down one thing on google it is still up on bing . 
  if i take down one thing on bing it is still up on google . 
  they are separate . 
  independent . 
  isolated . 
  they are two single entities that are doing it on their own . 
  there is no sharing . 
   you submit a form with both of em . 
  hence it is handled by a single entity . 
  i do n't get where your argument comes from . 
  bing and google are n't cooperating . 
  all the take downs are going to them independently and isolated from one another . 
  i disagree . 
  islam is and always has been an extremely flexible religion and open to broad interpretation . 
  while obviously some shit is n't going to go down with the qur ` an , you do n't need to follow every single little bit of it down to the letter in order to be a good muslim , as that would be impossible and only an individual of near-godlike capability would be able to do so . 
  should one believe in allah , then we are all made in his image , and as products of his creation , we ourselves should not be forced to turn away from who we are . 
  that does not mean we should not cease the inner struggle to better oneself , but that does not mean the erosion of your individual humanity . 
  those who use islam to justify cruel practices or those who attempt to force those practices on others are practicing a bastardization of islam , and i would say that is worse than being a nonbeliever itself ( if you are the kind of person to judge people for such things ) . 
  some random tumblrina wont contribute to extremism , only ignorance of allah 's will does . 
  yeah , because when i take something down on google it also disappears on bing , right guys ? 
   this is absolutely not true . 
  the court has established [ 1 ] that the data controller ( which includes search engines indexing the data ) must consider the merits of a removal request , but it has full faculty to reject one . 
  nowhere does the ruling mandate any kind of automatic procedure . 
  okay , but now let 's work in the real world . 
  it is n't feasible for a company like google to take a look at millions of requests . 
  they 've faced this problem before , and you know what it results in ? 
  the dmca takedown system on youtube . 
  forcing these things onto a single entity is simply a bad , bad , bad , idea . 
  they 're allowed to consider the requests . 
  seeing as you simply can not reject all requests as that would get you in trouble , they 're simply going to automatically approve them . 
  and that leads to the next point . 
   beside the point raised above , which already removes any doubt as to whether information in the public interest can be removed on request ( it ca n't ) , the cjeu ruling makes an explicit distinction between public and private figures [ 4 ] . 
  except that that has already happened and it will continue to happen . 
  this right has good intentions , i believe , and it is principally a good idea . 
  it just has incredibly shit implementation . 
  irish neutrality is a joke , really . 
  we allow cia rendition flights through here as well . 
  if we 're neutral we should n't let any military use our infrastructure . 
  or at least make some good money out of it . 
  we have a lot of debt that needs to disappear . 
  iirc there 's a regular russian user on here that 's planning to flee russia through ukraine as well . 
  for those who do n't know , the 12th july is a loyalist day of celebration in the north of ireland . 
  it commemorates the defeat of jacobite forces at the battle of the boyne in 1690 . 
  this battle , while militarily indecisive , was the major turning point in the war . 
  the jacobites were a largely irish , catholic force , allied with the french , that were fighting against the dutch stadtholder , william of orange , who had crossed the english channel at the invitation of the british parliament in order to depose king james , whom they disliked for his catholicism . 
  prior to the battle , in 1689 , the catholic parliament in dublin passed a law that ; `` all religions were equal , and that each clergyman should be supported by his own congregation only , and that no tithes should be levied upon any man for the support of a church to which he did not belong '' despite william 's own , somewhat secular approach , he never secured rights for catholics within the kingdoms , and invariably lead to the creation of the orangemen , a strongly anti-catholic , protestant movement known today as the orange order . 
  for those who do not know who james connolly is , he was a marxist revolutionary who fought for worker 's rights in ireland . 
  he founded the irish citizen 's army , which protected trade unions from businesses while they were on strike , and which also took part in the easter rising in dublin , 1916 , along with 6 other republican leaders . 
  taking a bullet to the leg during the rising , james connolly was propped up into a chair and executed by british [ firing squad ] ( http://youtu.be/qkjcryqvkv8?t=1m7s ) on 12th may , 1916 . 
  connolly is still widely remembered today . 
  this post was a paper he wrote in 1913 in regards to his feeling towards 12th july as a day of celebration and the events behind it . 
  israel sponsored the attack of irish peacekeepers in lebanon , through proxy pro-israel militia forces . 
  they also kidnapped , tortured three of them , and killed two . 
  continuous harassment , beatings and arrest + deportation of irish people in palestine . 
  not to mention mossad uses irish passports to get around when they assassinate people . 
  hell , we even trained egyptian air force pilots in 1978 . 
  there are very few countries on the planet in which ireland has compromised its neutrality for ; israel is one of them . 
  i think we just see too many historical parallels between ourselves and the palestinians . 
   yes , they ca n't be simply different groups of people with different ideas . 
  yeah man , throwing away people 's lives simply because you have a `` different idea '' is * super cool * . 
  and that 's still very realistic . 
  it 's not like all of ukraine is in love with this government and it 's not like all of ukraine hates russia . 
  there 's still very much an east-west internal division and there will be a lot of people that will flee to russia . 
  i 'd be interested to see numbers going west . 
  it 's in the picture but nearly impossible to see from the front . 
   cause its such a ridiculous statement i refuse to believe that two people think the same way . 
  dude , it 's such a common opinion it 's ridiculous . 
  even if you mention that in certain areas , blacks call eachother nigga all the time , it 'll be justified with `` that 's not actually nigger '' . 
  [ they 're a fine bunch of folks ] ( http://cdn3.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/incoming/article30424801.ece/99783/alternates/h342/gerry2.jpg ), 
  we 've been pretty open about our dislike for israel . 
  it 's only since we got a jewish defense-justice minister that that changed . 
  thankfully he 's gone now so we can start going back to the more moral stance on that country , considering what they 've done to irish people . 
  yeah , a big tough guy that spends his time beating up little kids is worth my respect , alright !, 
  russia can do whatever they want in their country . 
  that does not even remotely mean i should respect what they do . 
  it 's pretty well known and controversial that / r/worldnews mods are extremely pro-russian and are not impartial in moderation . 
  that was ... good . 
  that was good . 
  you say that ( and i agree ) , but following that sarcastic logic leads straight to the dissolution of the nation-state as whole . 
  internationalism . 
  polandball . 
  it started on 4chan but it 's become an internet thing and has it 's own sub on reddit . 
  the `` poland can not into space '' joke is pretty much just making fun of poland for basically being a shell of its historical greatness . 
  suck it , belgium . 
  that 's what i meant . 
  they 're physically different and have physically different effects . 
  principally they are the same . 
  what are they going to do ?
