  not surprising considering who it 's coming from . 
  farage is a hack who 's only claim to fame is being that fourth guy that people are forced to talk to once they find out the other three are a load of limp-dick pricks . 
  unless you want to legally recognize islamic state as an independent and sovreign entity , does n't really work like that . 
   autobahn to hell gon na steal that one . 
   if we were n't all friends the way we are today and germany started building nukes and long range missile launchers would we be the one being provocative by building defences against that ? 
  it 's not a straight forward question , and this is absolutely the problem with nuclear proliferation . 
  missile shields could 've been built globally * decades * ago . 
  but they have n't been because they set a precedent for the realistic possibility of survivable nuclear war , which nobody wanted to consider . 
  the problem was that instead of banning icbms so there would be no more need for missile shields , they just did n't build missile shields . 
  and that 's still the problem today . 
  before we start building gigantic fucking missile defense nets , we should talk about bilateral total disarmament of those missiles we 're defending against . 
  and a serious effort has not been made towards that in *** years *** . 
  of course , this does n't just apply to nuclear weapons , but to any missile-mounted explosives of similar nature . 
   but do you think those countries at the border feeling threatened give a damn ? 
  no , i do n't think they care , and that 's fine for them . 
  they 're looking out for themselves . 
  but that does n't mean we throw out the big picture here . 
  assurances * need * to be given to these countries that they will be defended against any and all incursions no matter what way , shape or form they take . 
  but that does n't mean we go the whole nine yards and start going down a path that could lead to a global conflict . 
  static defenses against a single country = / = armies that can be used for anything . 
   why should anyone feel assured when they see how western europe show acrobatic skills bending over to russia at every opportunity for `` relations '' ? 
  it 's called diplomacy , and no diplomacy is not the fix-all for problems that has solutions to satisfy everybody . 
  so , yes , this `` bending over '' you 're talking about is called being flexible ; the fact that sanctions are being used by european nations right now should be a significant indication that they are serious about what 's going on . 
  economic war hurts a fuck load more than people think . 
  the only reason a country would n't be assured of their defense is if they did n't * want * to be . 
  there 's american troops in the baltics to , bluntly put it , act as meat shields . 
  there 'll be months or * years * more of cold relations before any kind of military conflict between russian and europe is a realistic possibility , and things like this only * drive that forward * , which is what countries like germany are trying to avoid . 
   you have western europe not even concerned with having a military besides a token force . 
  european countries should be spending enough on their military so that they 're not dependent on us protection , i agree . 
  you speak about western european countries here , but keep in mind france and the uk have met this infamous 2 % target of nato expenditure and poland is the only country in eastern europe that consistently does it . 
  this military issue is not an east-west divide . 
  not only are western european countries spending more , they 're using it more . 
   i have seen plenty of people here say eastern europe needs to shut up and they do n't matter anyway besides as a buffer . 
  well those people are fucking stupid . 
  poland is as important to me as france . 
   why is a missile defense system considered provocative ? 
  why do we suddenly need to a missile defense system pointed at russia if we were n't planning on using it ? 
  if we consider russia a big enough of a threat to spend billions constructing a missile shield , it brings the conflict and long term foreign relations to a whole new level which not even russia has pushed for yet . 
  we , as members of nato and the eu , are not more in danger from russian aggression today than we were 2 years ago , when we were actually trying to work * with * russia to build the missile shield ( which they rejected , mind ) . 
  i see no reason why we should intentionally further deteriorate relations with russia by signalling that we 're considering military options . 
  we should have enough on our borders to functionally provide a defense against a realistic foreign attack . 
  there is no such thing at this period in time that indicates any kind of attack will happen . 
  what 's going on in ukraine is going on in ukraine . 
  we can be involved there . 
  other than the usual training exercises , russia has not done anything overtly out of the ordinary in terms of military buildup that we have not proportionally responded to already . 
  we 're bringing the deterioration of relations to a whole new , * permanent * level by building a missile shield against russia . 
   if the poles were building this themselves instead of the us would you feel the same ? 
  absolutely i would . 
  it does n't matter who 's building it when we 're all in the same group and have to deal with the consequences ; though obviously bases built by a foreign power being used as our primary defense just makes it worse . 
   as a socialist how do you defend putin 's russia ? 
  not even once . 
  point exactly to where i did that . 
  what attack has been done on nato , again ? 
  the baltics are defended . 
  to say otherwise is a blatant lie . 
  there is absolutely no logical reason to call for an * aggressive * action like shifting missile shield against russia . 
  all it does is deteriorate relations further , which only warmongers should want . 
  since when does directing a missile shield at russia improve relations , again ? 
  the idea that the baltics are in enough danger to warrant this is a giant fucking myth . 
   i would assume that good relations between countries are based on cooperation yes . 
  yes , because there is only ever two extreme options . 
  enough with the strawmen and propaganda , thanks . 
  yes . 
  they 're the ones pushing for it ( + backed by us but that 's taken for granted ) . 
  if you never want good relations with russia , this is what you do . 
  this is a good idea if you never want good relations with russia . 
  of course the baltics are pushing for it . 
  but is there any verified source of this * actually * happening ? 
  police strategy is to deescalate the situation . 
  there is still no verification as to whether or not these `` ammonia bombs '' ( seriously where the fuck do people get their hands on ammonia , that shit can kill you in seconds ) are real or not , and until there is i 'm going to go under the pretense that they are not , in fact real . 
  regardless of how true or false that is , you do not deescalate the situation by charging a crowd with horses - which * does * kill people . 
  that 's nothing short of police brutality , and it 's a scary thing that people here consider it a * good thing to do * . 
  ireland has the strictest gun laws in the western world yet our capital city has the most gun violence in europe . 
  if people do n't want to follow the law , they 'll find ways around it . 
  i would n't be terrible surprised , i hear there are some violent elements in the left from my friends in sweden , but it 's precisely that reason is why i 'd be cautious before i accept that story . 
  it 's much easier to spread misinformation about a group that already has a reputation . 
  it may or may not be . 
  i want to hear the logic behind it . 
  in what way are leftist and fascists just as bad as one another ? 
  explain . 
  where are these ammonia bombs i 'm hearing so much about ? 
  dae horseshoe theory ? 
  ut is really going to enhance my experience as someone who wants to enjoy an informed , unbiased view on the conflict . 
  lol did n't take long for you to out yourself as a racist . 
   i do n't care if in some sects they do n't like it , or it 's not written in the quran i do n't give a shit about theology . 
  so you do n't care that it has nothing to do with islam , you 're just going to say that islam is to blame anyways . 
  you 're a hopeless individual . 
  this conversation is over . 
   he 's not criticising the people but the religion . 
  `` hey man , you 're totally cool , but your way of life is a barbaric , backward , intolerant , totalitarian , stone-age death-cult . 
  not attacking you , just your way of life that you 've lived in since you were born . '', 
  trying to separate the people from the religion in order to justify his bigotry is pointless . 
  everyone who has seen his posts knows exactly what he means , and even if he 's `` just '' criticizing the religion , he 's insulting the way of life of 1.6 billion people with absolutely nothing to support his statements . 
  and he 's done it for months , and i 've called him out for months , and he has n't been able to support his statements for months . 
  he is an indefensible individual . 
   but the sharia and wahabism come from the exact interpretation of the quran , that 's why one can and should criticise these interpretations . 
  have you read the qur ` an ? 
  furthermore , what do you know about sharia law ? 
  did you know that most laws on the planet are based either on common law or the napoleonic code , yet vary wildly in their implementation ? 
  are you aware that it is under sharia law that the first welfare states were established in the 7th century , using policies that are today considered progressive , such as basic income , disability welfare and unemployment benefits ?
