  now , from your side ; 1 . 
  your export market would be seriously harmed . 
  we would tariff your goods and it would n't hurt us all that much , because anything you produce is produced elsewhere in the eu , and for context about 2/3 of your exports go to eu member states . 
  our export market would be generally unaffected . 
  you 're not going to place high tariffs on our goods when half of it comes from us . 
  so , while we would still undoubtedly benefit from keeping you in on trade agreements , it would n't be dramatic , i think . 
  but let 's say we want that , is it really worth losing political face over ? 
  and do n't tell me that does n't matter , how other countries perceive you highly affects what they think of your stance on many issues . 
  letting the uk leave and then playing nice makes us look like a benevolent push over . 
  everyone likes a benevolent push over , but not for the right reasons . 
  if the uk has a referendum and votes to leave , then i support them in their decision , as it is their right . 
  but i wont pretend for a second that it 's either a good thing or an intelligent thing to do . 
  all it does is make the eu weaker and make the uk weaker , and at the end of the day nobody gains anything , including the uk politicians who use the eu asa scapegoat for everything gone wrong , which is primarily how euroskepticism gains traction in the first place . 
  pfft , what do you expect him to do ? 
  get his shoes wet ? 
  they 're worth more than you 're family !, 
  that 's hilarious . 
  are you serious ? 
  irish ... 
  it 's called the edl . 
  i think the whole point is that capitalists through their own greed give the people the means to destroy them . 
  which is accurate . 
  but i also do n't see how this applies here . 
  we 're not getting anything . 
  all the trends from the 60 's are making a comeback , why not this one ? 
  ummm 1 . 
  they intimidate civilians with guns 2 . 
  they physically beat people who disagree with them 3 . 
  they take hostages 4 . 
  they torture and kill people 5 . 
  they pass out antisemitic fliers 6 . 
  kidnapping dozens of people 7 . 
  attack police stations and government buildings without any form of provokation 8 . 
  actively attempting to subvert government authority and sew widespread chaos 9 . 
  making unreasonable demands and then shooting at people when they are not met 10 . 
  almost certainly foreign armed and foreign funded maybe not any single one of these things makes them a terrorist , but all of them together ? 
  terrorist is just one of many words that can be used . 
  dissidents . 
  separatists . 
  rebels . 
  insurgents . 
  provocateurs . 
  terrorists . 
  they 're acting against the established authorities of ukraine . 
  ummm 1 . 
  they intimidate civilians with guns 2 . 
  they physically beat people who disagree with them 3 . 
  they take hostages 4 . 
  they torture and kill people 5 . 
  they pass out antisemitic fliers 6 . 
  kidnapping dozens of people 7 . 
  attack police stations and government buildings without any form of provokation 8 . 
  actively attempting to subvert government authority and sew widespread chaos 9 . 
  making unreasonable demands and then shooting at people when they are not met 10 . 
  almost certainly foreign armed and foreign funded maybe not any single one of these things makes them a terrorist , but all of them together ? 
  terrorist is just one of many words that can be used . 
  dissidents . 
  separatists . 
  rebels . 
  insurgents . 
  provocateurs . 
  terrorists . 
  the simple fact is that the european banking sector , whether german , irish , or whatever , lent money far beyond their means . 
  i 'm not sure what made greece such a mess , but i know in ireland the extra money that we did n't have led to a huge inflation in the property market . 
  and when that bubble burst , all the people who took out disproportionately large loans for overpriced property found their assets to be worth a tenth of what they paid for . 
  i do n't think this was specifically a problem germany caused , or rather , i do n't think they * exclusively * caused it . 
  the irish banks are very much culpable in the conditions that lead to the bubble and bust , as well as governmental corruption . 
  but to absolve german involvement is revisionist , at best , and to think of the bailouts and subsequent extreme austerity imposed on both us and southern europe , as anything other than self-preservation , is blind . 
  on my father 's side . 
  spent most of my life here . 
  i disagree with him in a lot of regards but one thing is clear ; the european commission can not continue to exist in a democratic european union . 
  it simply can not . 
  it is not accountable , it is not elected by popular vote , and it is simply not democratic * . 
  it needs to immediately be dissolved and have its powers , for the most part , merged into the european parliament . 
  the european council is supposed to represent member states . 
  why is it we have a 28-seat commission which is proposed by the european council and affirmed by the european parliament is beyond me . 
  it 's unnecessary bureaucracy and we frankly do not need an executive as long as the council exists . 
  the ep should work like any normal parliament with a ruling government that proposes and passes legislation . 
  * i a word, 
  this is literally on the front page already . 
  i 'm not sure how stalin 's quote applies here , but it 's generally as accurate today as it was then . 
  he gets a place on the board of directors . 
  he is not `` the director '' . 
  no , poland , thank * you * for coming here and showing just exactly what europe is about . 
  thank you for coming here and not just sharing a piece of your culture , but also embracing ours . 
  thank you for coming here and showing us that ireland is a great country that many aspired to make lives in , not just for a job for a few years , but to have families and be happy . 
  despite the distance between us , there 's nobody on the continent i feel more european with than the polish . 
  may there be decades more of good relations and integration . 
  i 'm thinking eurocrats or russians . 
  dae scared of brown people ? 
  i do n't know how he kept a straight face . 
  maybe he 's just dead inside . 
  i just watched a live conference , lavrov accused the ukrainian government of being a puppet to neo-nazi factions and has stated that they have violated the geneva accord and are committing a criminal act of using violence against civilians , and are `` reaffirming their call to disarm all right wing paramilitaries '' who are allegedly `` calling the shots '' . 
  that 's such a terrible website with the most disgusting biases possible in every single article i 've seen it publish . 
  ah sure the queen came over and spoke a c\u00fapla focail as gaeilge , tis grand like . 
  on top of naurgul 's statement , any kind of surplus is absolutely not trickling down to the rest of the population . 
  greece is still an economic disaster zone . 
  military expenditure is an extremely good stimulus for the economy . 
  the industry and infrastructure to support a military does n't come out of thin air . 
  furthermore , the military provides jobs , as well as skillsets for those who serve .
