  `` non-austerity '' budget my ass . 
  it 'll be more of the same , just with nicer packaging . 
  until we get our services back , until they stop trying to cut services and take them out of the public good , until they stop trying to make education more expensive and harder for the poorer , these will be austerity budgets . 
  abstention has been a policy for sinn f\u00e9in for decades . 
  a century , even , if we 're going back to the original sinn f\u00e9in . 
  people vote for them knowing they will not take their seats . 
  and , no , the oath is not a simple issue . 
  it was one of the factors that actually drove ireland into civil war in the 20 's . 
  an oath to the crown is anathema to republicans . 
  recognition of a state is not the same as recognition of the borders of said state . 
  if that was the case , we would stop recognizing the russian state because we refuse to recognize the annexation of crimea . 
  one half occupied , the other one under siege . 
  the failures of the palestinian state and government are the result of israel 's policies . 
  nothing to say about your government 's support of daesh while simultaneously cutting off all supplies and reinforcements to kobane ? 
   far-right europeans , like yourself , freak out when entire europe get 3,000 refugees in a month but we 've received tens of thousands of refugees in few weeks !, 
  reap what you sow . 
  red scare 3 : conservative boogaloo, 
   republicanism is a very broad term so is communism in its general usage . 
  or are you trying to tell me stalinism is the same as anarcho-communism ? 
  stalin did transform the ussr into a totalitarian bureaucratic dictatorship , yes . 
  are you saying that republicanism was flawless and incorruptible from its very first iteration ? 
  are you saying that republicanism is flawless and incorruptible now ? 
  history has shown us that an autocratic state run by an oligarchy is not the solution . 
  where does communism come in ? 
  i think the two are related . 
  an insult for the misinformed and ignorant . 
  but hey , at least they 're not `` communist '' , so it 's all good . 
  the president of the commission is put forward by the member states of the eu ( through the european council ) and either ratified or opposed by the european parliament . 
  the commissioner can not be the commissioner without the approval of the parliament . 
  the last election featured a power struggle between the parliament and council , where the parliament was trying to force their own candidates forward as opposed to the council 's . 
  the parliament won , so it can probably be taken that from now on , candidates proposed by the european council will be the candidates vetted by the parliament beforehand . 
  yes , the raw wealth is increasing , but the equality ( i.e. 
  relative wealth ) is decreasing . 
  i might be wealthier today than i was 30 years ago , but my wealth relative to the next person up is smaller today than it was 30 years ago . 
  so , you 're right . 
  in terms of raw earnings ( accounted for inflation ) , people are `` better off '' today than they were 30 years ago . 
  that does n't mean the poor are not suffering more . 
  it 's not a matter of stopping the rich getting richer - everybody should be getting richer - it 's a matter of precisely how much richer the rich are getting . 
   kind of cunt-ish to suggest i 'm na\u00efve based on a one line reply stating how things are right now when you 're not even saying i 'm wrong . 
  i 'm sorry if it came off like that . 
  i meant that if you thought this whole debacle would end like this ( as in , no more privatisation etc. ), 
  then that 's a pretty naive stance to take . 
   you ca n't have `` de facto privatisation '' , it 's 100 % owned by the state that is the definition of not privatised . 
  right now it 's a loss making publicly owned limited company that is n't allowed increase it 's prices until at least 2016 . 
  if we keep voting ff and fg yeah there 's a good chance it will eventually be privatised but not until after then . 
  right , i agree with you here . 
  that * right now * at this moment , it is not acting similar to a private entity . 
  what i 'm saying - and you seem to agree - is that if we let this go it will move down on that path . 
  this is the long game . 
  by 2016 we 're going to be paying massive amounts for our water - and irish water/government has either lied about how much we would pay or mislead us on the issue . 
  yeah , let 's blame individuals because the bank lent money irresponsibly . 
  the bankers - you know , the professionals ? 
  - are meant to be able to decide when something is and is not a bad loan and decide not to give it . 
  that responsibility is not on the person asking for a loan . 
  so when a bank decides to take out all of these shitty loans , it is their fault . 
  they made the decision . 
  the customers are secondary actors . 
  the reality is that banks made more money selling the mortgages to things like hedgefunds and so they totally ignored any of the risks involved and fucked everybody over . 
  i 've yet to see a single one of these irresponsible customers get bailed out by the government . 
  so , why do you want to privatise ( blah blah state owned blah blah , it does n't matter , the effect is the same and it will inevitably have the state owned shares sold off ) water and pay more for it ? 
  any practical reason ? 
  why is it suddenly so imperative that we do these things when we have not been doing them for decades ? 
  * de facto * privatisation . 
  we get the same type of service and that 100 % stake will be sold off . 
  if you think this is the end you are beyond naive . 
  it 's not that we have a particularly abundant level , it 's that around 50 % of it is lost to pipe leakage . 
  it pretty much is though . 
  the service is being pawned off to a semi-state company with majority government ownership and it will inevitably be privatized . 
  and even if it 's not , the effect is essentially the same ; we 're paying more for the same . 
  well , it does . 
  that 's literally what it is . 
  edit : it appears people downvoting me do n't know what the historical context of this is . 
  it 's depicting a sailor forcing himself onto a woman and doing this without her consent . 
  that 's the definition of sexual assault . 
  the irish government is attempting to do a thatcher and privatize the water services . 
  they managed to pass the law and start setting up the service before people realized it . 
  now everyone 's protesting . 
  the imf imposed the privatization measures on ireland as part of its plan to ~ ~ extort people for corporate profit ~ ~ reduce the deficit of the government . 
  that is , where we were paying taxes for water usage before , now we 're having metered water usage * and * paying taxes . 
  given that tens of thousands of families across the country are barely getting by as it is , this will drive them into insolvency and possibly make them unable to even service their debts . 
  everyone that does not fit into this category is going to be paying a huge amount for what will ultimately be a reduced service ( if we 're using the uk as reference ) . 
  businesses and most rural people are already metered , and water services were paid for in tax . 
  funny how they 're privatizing it but not reducing the tax burden to compensate . 
  inb4 retaliatory invasion, 
  [ organizers claim 100,000 ] ( http://www.breakingnews.ie/ireland/organisers-claim-100000-attended-anti-water-charges-protest-644984.html ) garda\u00ed ( police ) claim 30,000 . 
  i 'd say 50-70 ,000 is accurate enough . 
  there was a lot of people . 
  what was racist about what i said ? 
  following me around sure makes it look like you have a life !, 
  envy and resentment ? 
  really ? 
  are you a child ? 
  and world peace ? 
  were you only born in the last 10 years ? 
  `` anti-american '' is such a stupid fucking term . 
  i was being generous . 
  privatization is great for the books and making profits . 
  it is n't great for providing consistent , affordable , universal services with the best interests of the majority in mind . 
  people who support neoliberal privatization seem to have missed the point of such services in the first place . 
  ah sure , the uk has already made the irish sea one of the most polluted on the planet , they might as well keep using that for nuclear waste .
