  this exacerbates the issues of pay gap because women then as a result have to restart work after months or even years of hiatus so they can care for a child which will reduce your overall experience in comparison to counterparts + employer discrimination because they think your priorities will be with the child and it will compromise your work . 
  essentially , they get screwed over for producing the next generation thus ensuring the continuation of the human race , which is what all these `` debunking the paygap '' type arguments miss . 
  the arguments like maddox and those like him make against the paygap 's existence is the same as saying `` when everyone has a really good and high paying job , inequality stops being an issue '' . 
  yeah , no shit , but that 's not how reality works and you need to view things in a social context and not just parrot statistics as if they exist in a vacuum . 
  blah blah blah scary communists blah blah blah like i dunno if you ever take a break but it just shows how far liberals go that they 'll jump to the defense of dictators if it means they can get in a dig at leftists with their ignorant rhetoric . 
  a historical fact that never changes , apparently . 
  no , j\u00f3zef pi\u0142sudski was a dictator who had no problem picking fights with his enemies and undermining everyone around him . 
  he was extremely ambitious with the intermarium and there 's a reason nobody else other than poland went for it . 
  of course history becomes too difficult when you do n't think of issues in black and white anymore so poland 's own politics prior to the nazi invasion is generally ignored in the west . 
  \\  mfw polish person feels like the tyrannical dictator j\u00f3zef pi\u0142sudski was a fighter for freedom despite seizing territory from all of his neighborus and having a polish empire project, 
   it is so called ` whataboutism ' or ` and you are lynching negroes ' rethoric . 
  which if we 're being seriously fair is n't exactly illegitimate . 
  the one thing the soviets tended to get consistently correct were their criticisms of everyone else . 
  zeus = mighty enemy i suppose . 
  poland was a pretty terrible place at the time as well !, 
  germany . 
  it also bombed the free state but only sporadically on a handful of occasions . 
   joined the party too the communist party is always the best party . 
  no , no , i get it perfectly . 
  when it happens in `` socialist '' states , then the problem is socialism . 
  when it happens in capitalist states , it 's never capitalism 's fault , ever . 
  because human behaviour and the social , political and economic structure of society have absolutely no links to one another , right ? 
  both , in different ways , probably due to the extent which either of them actually had power in their countries . 
  tsarist russia was very much still an out and out monarchy . 
  the uk , much like today , had the trappings of a republic with the dress of a monarchy . 
  i 'm not a fan of the black bloc tactic myself because it can turn a disciplined , collective mass action into an uncontrollable , individualist one , but you do n't need pour through books to identify with ideas . 
  of course , it helps , a lot , and to be a * developed * anarchist , or marxist , or whatever , you definitely need to read , but in matters of tactics , it is n't that important . 
  the history of police is the history of violence , thuggery and oppression of the workers . 
  i do n't see how anybody is surprised , that firstly , they 'll never be punished , and secondly , that they do these things in the first place . 
  this is exactly what the police was made for , and everyone knows it . 
  `` craic '' is irish for `` fun '' , so `` having the craic '' is a colloquialism for having fun , chilling out etc, 
   if the `` democratic '' government take decisions how many widgets a company should make and what type than that 's `` top-down '' , bottom-up would mean that the company would decide by itself according to their costs and the demand for specific widgets . 
  what ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  if a government is democratic , that means the people are making the decisions . 
  that is not a top-down enterprise . 
  you also have the strange views that companies operate in a bottom-up manner . 
  they are tyrannical dictatorships , in internal structure . 
  the owners make all the decisions , pass it down the line to management and nobody has any say in the matter . 
  you are told where to produce , what to produce , how it is to be produced , how much to produce and when to produce . 
  you have no say in the matter , as a worker , you are doing all the work with no democratic say . 
  this is your `` bottom-up '' company . 
  then of course , what you sell your produce for is dictated to you by market forces , which you somewhat effected through your marketing of products , but are ultimately not in control of . 
  just because the market can react to your decisions , does n't mean it 's a democratic force . 
  this is like calling a dictatorship democratic because if you did n't like the dictator you can shoot him and get a new one . 
   economic decisions can not be taken top-down in an efficient way ( some can , but as a whole economy works best bottom-up -- that 's the real democracy ) which is totally at odds with the market . 
  you 're saying the market is the sum total of greater decisions - this is an idealist view of it . 
  all economies are planned , the only question is who they are planned by . 
  you can have a democratic government which plans it - and i do n't understand how you think a democratic government is a top-down structure , that makes no sense . 
  or you can have a market which only the super rich can feasibly effect ( not control ) , which is designed entirely on overproduction and waste of resources , as well as opening of new markets through commodification of all aspects of life ( i do n't see how this is appealing . 
  we even buy and sell enviornmental destruction now ) . 
  if it is only democratic for the top of society , then it is not democratic . 
  no true capitalism right guys ? 
  i love how the logic only works one way for you people . 
  yeah , all the capitalists just supported and funded hitler for absolutely no reason . 
  jesus christ do you have no fucking clue about economic theory at all or do you just make shit up on the fly ? 
  nazism and fascism operate on a corporatist economic model , the basis of which is * capitalism * . 
   of course the man that was for a germany economy that could stand isolated , that spoke against loaning from american banks and said `` we are socialists , we are enemies of today 's capitalistic economic system '' is capitalist . 
  let me guess , you 're one of those liberal lunatics that says `` national *** socialism *** , right guys ?! '' . 
  hitler said a lot of crazy shit and constantly appropriated terms on the fly for populist purposes . 
  in case you forgot , hitler was a crazy , genocidal motherfucker , the people that opposed him the most and most militantly were the socialists , which is why they were the first people put into camps . 
  you can throw any number of quotes that you want at us , but facts do n't lie . 
  the economic mode of production under nazism was * capitalism * . 
  this is a fucking hallmark of the capitalist mode of production , which you are defending , that is so long as property rights are defended and is kept separate from the state , capitalist economics can operate anywhere . 
  that 's how they operate under every single fucking dictatorship in the world right now , and have historically done since the dawn of capitalism . 
  this is capitalism 101 and you , the person defending capitalism , does not know that . 
   so if you 're going to blame every dead brown person in the last 500 years on capitalism yet everyone that died under a `` socialist '' system is somehow to be laid at the feet of socialism . 
   stalin 5 milion in the holomodor only ( its enough to leave the capitalists behind ) and 50 milion in total . 
  mao killed 60 milion + source for of these really fucking ridiculous claims , please . 
  you 're saying stalin killed one third of his population ? 
  not even the black book of communism , a rabidly far right , anti-communist book makes these ridiculous claims , and that book blames all the losses of world war ii in russia on stalin . 
   the eu centralizes the power in the hands of a large bureaucracy exactly like the soviet union . 
   the question is , who take the economic decisions , the market or somebody in power . 
  given the choice between a dictatorship of the market which nobody can effect an which is designed solely to extract profit and not cater to the needs of anybody , and a democratic government which is designed to cater to the needs of everybody , the choice should be really obvious . 
  [ lenin on equality ] ( https://www.marxists.org/archive/lenin/works/1914/mar/11.htm ) . 
  you 've totally misrepresented the communist argument and have a totally facile and emotional appeal to `` human rights '' ( that do n't even exist ) . 
  absolutely not . 
  you ca n't just say `` look , x people died here , y people died here , therefore one is worse than the other . 
  if that 's the case , capitalism is worse than anything to walk the face of this earth . 
  nazism , a system based on reactionary ultranationalism , racial purity , militarism and dictatorship , the ideology which started world war ii , killing tens of millions . 
  trying to say communism is the same is just patently ridiculous . 
  there is no comparison . 
  and people wonder why others think ukraine has a nazi problem . 
  two options ; mosque built by saudi arabia , mosque built by state . 
  unless you 're with the front national and want to ban mosques , that 's pretty much it . 
  the french socialist party sold out the workers decades ago . 
  nobody was really shocked that they shifted further right . 
  french communist party is also , unfortunately , a joke . 
  in times of crisis , if you do n't have a left , people will go right . 
  a bar as an area of islamic radicalisation ... something tells me that wont work lol, 
  not just fn 's logic . 
  if people really think mosques are a problem , find an alternative source of funding . 
  saudi arabia spends hundreds of millions a year funding mosques , to build them , send them their materials , pay their staff etc. , it 's their influence that leads to more conservative mosques . 
  if you want to fix that , provide a different source of funding . 
  state owned mosques , for example , would cancel out this problem , as not only could the state influence the teachings ongoing inside the mosque , but it stops people for seeking out funding elsewhere , which can come from all sorts of people . 
  that 's artificially created though ; the state throwing money at corporations is n't market driven in the slightest , it 's a counterweight to the market , and i 'm not sure if we 're talking past eachother on this point here , but the government does n't operate in a neutral manner , it operates in a manner that is biased against the working population in favour of private business interests , which is central to its decision making on these issues . 
  the solution here is n't to revert to the same old solutions that do n't solve the root problem ; that solution being , nationalise the cost of investment , privatise the profits of said investment . 
  production and research should be socially owned and democratically managed . 
  that way you get a form of economic organisation which anticipates crisis that has resources allocated on need and social benefit , as opposed to profit and competition . 
  capitalism is a system .
