  english is the most commonly spoken language in the world if you include non-native speakers , and still \\ # 2 if you do n't , way ahead of any european language . 
  it would n't make sense to have anything else , especially seeing that the entire north america speaks it and that english is one of the most commonly taught languages abroad . 
  if you want to teach your youth to get into the job market and be adaptable , you teach them english . 
  if that person then goes on decides he does n't want to be in an english speaking country , they can go learn another language , but it goes without saying that english is by far the most useful language someone can learn going up in terms of their future employment prospects ( unless they plan on moving to asia ) . 
  the finns did n't beat the russians , they fought them to a stalemate and ended with less territory than they started with , which to this day they have n't gotten back . 
  that would be the point from an eu perspective . 
  make member states dependent so that they 're unable to separate . 
  if you ever read the warhammer 40k novels , imperial guard units always specialised in one role or another because it made rebellion against the imperium ( human empire ) utterly impossible without a very large network of co-conspirators , and it 's for that same reason space marine legions were split into chapters . 
  mad is only a threat because there 's no missile defense system . 
  that 's why russia is terrified of the missile shield nato has been placing in eastern europe . 
  they ca n't launch their icbms at the us if they 're surrounded by missile defense systems . 
  they pay more than they get back . 
  i would prefer world war iii than a world with greater nuclear proliferation . 
  we need total disarmament to survive as a species and we need to wipe away any knowledge involved with manufacturing of nuclear weaponry . 
  `` the nuclear arms race is like two sworn enemies standing waist deep in gasoline , one with three matches , the other with five . '', 
  and `` i know not with what weapons world war iii will be fought , but world war iv will be fought with sticks and stones . '', 
  the idea that any country should be allowed to research nuclear weapons or acquire them is absurd regardless of international politics . 
  in the same vein i think it 's equally absurd that any nuclear nation is allowed to maintain their stockpiles . 
  they were co-existing peacefully . 
  then the russians invaded . 
  for 55 $ a month it 's no surprise it 's a giant shit hole . 
   and a significant amount of the armed men in crimea have been confirmed to be ukrainian . 
  the nationality of those inside the parliament is still unknown , but from the cctv footage they do not look like the russian soldiers on the ground . 
  oh , and who confirmed that wild rumour ? 
  ofcourse they 'd * never * lie . 
  now , i wonder where ukrainians would get russian bdus , russian vehicles , russian ifvs , and the latest russian rifles many of which show the insignia of russian federation guard infantry units . 
  surely they 're not part of the russian military , oh no . 
   the spirit of the law is likely to make sure the impeachment only occurs when there is sufficient support in the entire country , not merely in the pro-eu half that happens to be violently rioting in the streets of the capital . 
  so i somewhat have my doubts the spirit of the law was treated any better than the letter . 
  pretty sure the spirit of the law would dictate that when the guys with all the guns wearing government uniforms are shooting all the unarmed ( ok , * some * were armed ) guys with civilian clothes , it 's time for things to change . 
   nope , that is not democracy nor legitimacy . 
  that is merely the right of the strongest . 
  a significant portion of the country does not support this coup , and right now they have little to no representation in the new government . 
  hence the current crimean crisis and the risk of it expanding in the rest of eastern ukraine . 
  they have plenty of representation in the new government . 
  because it 's a national unity government . 
  meaning it comprises of parties from across the spectrum . 
  that 's generally what interim governments do . 
  it 's the right of the most numerous . 
  and guess who gets into government in a democratic election ? 
  the party with the most popular support . 
   and yet this `` tyrannical regime '' has a legitimate and democratically elected parliament ready and waiting to take over , with an established procedure for such events . 
  what a strange tyranny that must be . 
   anyone calling ukraine under yanukovych a tyranny really needs to get a reality check . 
  the yanukovych was so peaceful and democratic that it 's responsible for over 100 dead civilians by gunshot and sniper fire . 
  got it . 
  guess my reality just got checked !, 
   and he considered the `` rumour '' to be credible enough to mention to catherine ashton . 
  i assume such phonecalls typically do not occur just to gossip around . 
  the subsequent reaction to this leak looks a lot like damage control , seeing as how both estonia and the eu immediately supported the new government . 
  again , let me say this ;  the estonian fm categorically stated that is a misleading tape cut out of context in which he was speculating on rumours floating around misleading . 
  tape cut out of context . 
  speculation on rumours . 
  it does n't need to be much clearer for someone to know using that tape as reference is shakier than a category 7 earthquake . 
  you are looking at things in black and white when they clearly are not . 
  the estonian fm categorically stated that is a misleading tape cut out of context in which he was speculating on rumours floating around 2 . 
  in a peaceful society , yes . 
  in a society in which a tyrannical regime is ruling , you can not claim tyranny when that regime is deposed . 
  a coup is undemocratic by nature , but as you can see it is supported by the majority of the people , which gives the preceding interim government democratic legitimacy . 
  and sometimes the letter of the law is disregarded in favour of the spirit of the law . 
  there is a radical difference between a grassroots movement removing a tyrannical regime and installing a new one in its place and a *** foreign *** force doing the same . 
  it ensures a majority can be achieved in every circumstance . 
  do n't know why i 'm getting down voted because that 's literally what it 's for . 
  it ensures that a majority is always possible which means you 'll never be stuck in a situation where you have no government majority and be forced to redo the election and hope for a changed result . 
  an occupation of a foreign government makes what exactly that `` self-determination '' is entirely confused . 
  nobody knows what the people want because there 's an invasion force on their soil . 
  i do n't know how this is a difficult concept to grasp . 
  or did estonia join the soviet union willingly ? 
  frankly it 's irrelevant . 
  the yanukovych regime shot at its own people and murdered them in cold blood . 
  at that point the regime is illegitimate and due process is cursory . 
  he was impeached by majority vote , the interior ministry forces turned against him in what was essentially a coup , and you have an interim government installed in its place . 
  is it clean ? 
  but what else was going to happen once the shooting started ? 
  100 seems like a lot but it is n't very accurate . 
  let 's say i 'm in a country with 600 million people . 
  1 % of that is 6 million . 
  if they were to have elections , you 'd have 6 million people to each member of parliament , which is quite a lot . 
  it also totally ignores minorities - a minority ca n't even get one seat of representation unless it is very large and in one area . 
  essentially , there 's alot of mps to lighten the workload and make it more representative . 
  people that are n't afraid to take a strong stance on something . 
  decisiveness . 
  relevancy at an international level . 
  i 'm just going back to this comment now because how i answered it bothered me , because i definitely did no answer your question . 
  yeah , it 's a misleading url , it was an interwar propaganda poster to support union with austria . 
  ww1 is often a url prefix . 
  austria was its own empire ( austria hungary ) at the time so anschluss was n't on the agenda . 
  edit : i 'm looking at the url again , and i 'm entirely not answering your question . 
  yes it is misleading , that was a german propaganda poster to support anschluss of austria . 
  equality , fair work for fair pay and peace are controversial ? 
  that 's because poland did n't suffer under her iron fist . 
  wait , which william are you referring to ? 
  william of orange usually refers to william i. 
  i 'm strongly against the svoboda = facist remarks , but in context the national socialist party had 2 ministries when hitler became chancellor . 
  was n't very bloodless in our experience , i can tell you that . 
  [ it reminds me of this one ] ( http://www.ww1-propaganda-cards.com/images/anschlusz02.jpg ), 
  set up a check list of things hitler and putin have both done and tell me there is zero similarity . 
  we 're not talking about accidents as a result of his shitty economics , we 're talking about orchestrated genocides . 
  good examples being the kulaks and tatars . 
  that 's known as laissez-faire economics .
