  they 're pretty much centre-left social democrat nowadays . 
  the difference between ireland and most other democracies , is that opposed to the left-right divide , we still - unfortunately - run on outdated civil war politics , which is why fine gael and fianna f\u00e1il ( who were on opposite sides ) are still the big boys on the block , where labour and other parties like labour have problems breaking into government . 
  it 's different with sinn f\u00e9in , they 're theoretically older than any other party in ireland , but due to their militant past , many in the republic have previously found it hard to vote for them - in contrast to the north where they power-share after the troubles . 
  sinn f\u00e9in , due to being around so long but having been out of southern government for the best part of a century , is starting to see a surge in popularity as a legitimate alternative , especially due to the peace process and what appears to be a stable northern ireland giving them legitimacy as a political party in its own right as opposed to simply being the political wing of the ira . 
  the arrest of gerry adams , and if he 's found culpable , will have a dramatic effect on this , which is why it 's such a big deal , not only for the political landscape of the north and the jeopardy it puts the peace process in , but it will change the current direction of the republic 's politics - i.e. 
  the decline of the civil war parties . 
  other than those 4 ( ff/fg/lb / sf ) , there 's the disunited left i.e. 
  socialist party , people before profit , worker 's action group - and , ironically , a party called the united left - all who are essentially non-entities in national politics , except when they make fools of themselves ( which for me is rather annoying ) . 
  in short , irish politics is a shambles dominated by a form of politics that no longer matters . 
  this has led to the resurgence of sinn f\u00e9in as a real alternative for the first time in decades . 
  should sinn f\u00e9in do well enough in the next national elections , this could signal a radical shift in how irish politics is practiced and signal a rise in the left for the first time *** ever *** . 
  which is why i will be voting for them . 
  the socialist party are very much in favour of unity . 
  i 'd also mention several other left wing parties , but they 're even more irrelevant than the socialists right now . 
  they 're the psni , adams does n't run for office in the north . 
  not to mention his crew were n't exactly kind to informants , we still find bodies . 
  the evidence is still being gathered for a lot of cases . 
  a giant turd would probably lead the polls if the alternatives were our politicians . 
  have you real * capital in the 21st century * ? 
  you can disagree with the solutions , but the book does have its statistics down to a tee and his conclusions are very consistent with the evidence on display . 
  i 'm not stating anyone is a victim , i 'm stating this is politics and simply russian pushback for american gains on the international stage . 
  russia looked like fools after libya , the same with iraq and afghanistan . 
  gadaffi had no friends and that 's the way russia likes things ; status quo . 
  that 's misleading . 
  guns were circulated and allowed very much in most communist states , and compared to now were significantly more relaxed . 
  and that was under stalinists and marxist-leninists . 
  lenin himself imposed no gun control . 
  catalonia from ' 36 - '39 had no gun control , which is how they could fight the civil war in the first place . 
  the right to bear arms in order to defend the revolution was , in fact , explicitly granted in quite a few - for example , cuba . 
  modern day socialists do n't follow the liberal gun control line . 
  in fact , liberals and socialists have always traditionally been ideologically opposed . 
  this has been a long time coming if you loot at the relations between russia and the us has been since the start of the `` revolutionary decade '' . 
  the big turning point was libya . 
  russia sat out of the vote to implement a no-fly zone based on good will and it made them look like fools when instead of a no-fly zone , nato became the rebel airforce . 
  and when nato tried to do it again in syria , that 's when russia 's stance on the west became pretty clear to those who were listening . 
  if anyone thought russia would take it happening on their door step , sitting down , then they do n't know russia . 
  russia is , though !, 
  marx and most socialists/communists . 
  it 's a movement rooted in the call for revolution , after all . 
  marx believed if a government tried to disarm the people , it should be resisted by force . 
  we must not have gotten the memo . 
  piketty 's a `` rock star '' in economics because he 's empirically proven what communists and socialists have been harping all along ; capitalism = increasing inequality . 
  his political solutions leave something to be desired , but then again he has explicitly distanced himself from politics and has kept almost entirely to economics and economic solutions . 
  if you want to ignore reality , that 's your own deal . 
  that `` minute bit of useless land '' has double the population of finland , and given that the definition of `` europe '' is not fixed , posts about turkey are absolutely 100 % fine . 
  and , by the way , most of istanbul is in europe . 
  `` any attempt to disarm the workers should be frustrated '' - karl marx a right to bear and keep arms should be intrinsic to any democratic constitution , or at the bare minimum have clauses preventing the prohibition of ownership . 
  on top of this , the unhindered right to freedom of speech is even doubly essential . 
  i would resist any united states of europe by all means possible should these be excluded from any `` bill of rights '' . 
   not that i 'm dissatisfied with geography . 
  damn , and here i was thinking i was n't the only one in the world who wanted my country moved somewhere . 
  that is a good point, 
  oh , do n't get me wrong , i absolutely condemn any sort of attempt to ethnically cleanse or `` get rid of '' opposition . 
  but this situation is simply an example of one side provoking the other until it escalated and everyone lost control , and it ended badly for the provokers . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/may/02/ukraine-dead-odessa-building-fire i thought it was common knowledge the russians were shooting . 
  it was even on the live stream . 
  what do you want me to show you ? 
  a source that says `` there definitely was no women and children in the building '' ? 
  hmmm , shooting at unarmed people is now protesting ? 
  um , citizenship tests are pretty standard . 
  russia is one of the few states that gives it out like candy , and that 's for political reasons . 
  apparently i 'm hungarian . 
  but personally this looks like it 's making a lot of shit up that makes no sense . 
  ah , the old `` i do n't understand the difference between justification and explanation '' problem that i run into . 
  saying why people do things is not justifying it . 
  and frankly , no , i do n't feel sorry for an individual who gets himself killed when trying to shoot someone else . 
  who i feel sorry for are the ukrainian people who have to put up with this shit , who simply ca n't run their country without russia fucking them every step of the way , and who have to deal with ultranationalist imperialists trying to shoot up their towns and cities . 
  so , i do n't feel bad for the bastards responsible for getting themselves killed because they decided to do something fundamentally evil . 
  what i do feel sorry about is the situation as a whole , which drove those two groups towards conflict in the first place . 
  and from rt , too ? 
  if you can take a moment to stop pretending to be morally outraged , maybe you can go back and read my comment . 
  the words i used were `` lack of sympathy ... is saddening '' , `` death is never a cause for celebration '' , `` i 'm not going to justify it '' name one word of defense in my post ? 
  if you want to direct your faux moral outrage , direct it at those using the guns on unarmed people, 
  source on the women and children ? 
  to my knowledge they were pro-russian gunmen that got their shit kicked in . 
  it 's not a misnomer to call gunmen shooting at a protest terrorists . 
  that is what they are , and just because it 's misused in a lot of cases does n't mean you can simply dismiss it as such . 
  if it was a counter protest that turned into a brawl , you can make an argument . 
  this is n't what happened . 
  the lack of sympathy people hold is saddening , but understandable . 
  personally , death is never a cause for celebration , but i personally do not find myself feeling terribly upset that these people suffered the worst possible blowback for their actions . 
  i 'm not going to justify it , but the way i see it , a bunch of terrorists fucked themselves by picking a fight they could n't win . 
  this violent mob was attacked first and chased them back to that building . 
  unfortunately some people took it too far and this bullshit happens . 
  there will definitely be war now and it 'll because one side provoked the other so much that some people of the other side could n't reign in their justified anger . 
   it should n't , because there are countries who still trust russia and do n't even wan na support sanctions . 
  other than serbia , who else ? 
  and go all the way to odessa , for that nice connection to moldova, 
   the un might try and enforce a no fly zone over ukraine too , though i am not sure how russia would react to that . 
  [ this should be about right ] ( http://i.imgur.com/pjezfn1.png ), 
  it 's a troll account, 
  nice troll account, 
  they did n't kill anybody because there was no resistance . 
  if you ca n't see the hypocrisy in your statements i do n't know what to tell you . 
   this subreddit is messed up . 
  there 's been a huge problem in the past weeks with a * massive * degradation in sub quality and imo we need to nazify the moderation here before it starts driving away more of the quality contributors with this sub 's dramatic rise in xenophobia and racism of all stripes . 
   when neo-nazis commit these crimes no one defends them but when it 's committed by muslims the apologists come out . 
  [ i tend to be rather consistent in my stances ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/24g697/euro_candidate_paul_weston_arrested_for_quoting/ch6xv9b ), 
  oh right , i remember know that is the case . 
  i 'm sure that 's what i am .
