   also , africa is one place that was fucked up by all european colonial powers . 
  everyone seemed to control a piece of it it one point or another , not just france and the uk . 
  oh , i agree , it 's just the biggest two would be france/uk . 
  but take it to mean `` all colonial powers '' . 
   how long does that rule apply though ? 
  there has to be some limit where france can ask for help and expect serious efforts from others instead of them bringing up its colonial past . 
  oh , i absolutely agree that we * should * be helping them . 
  shared european interests , shared european burdens . 
  i do n't necessarily agree with the motives entirely behind the operation , but if we 're doing it we should do it together . 
  but i think the response here , that `` seriously guys you 're meant to be out allies fuck you selfish dicks '' ( big paraphrasing ) is one that is pretty uncalled for . 
  ultimately , the responsibility is theirs , and it 's us * helping them * that should be * asked * for , it 's not a matter of * obligations * and * expectations * . 
   after how many years the former colonialist is no longer held responsible for `` the mess '' happening in the former colony ? 
  until it 's fixed . 
  maybe even indefinitely . 
  it 's not an easy problem with an easy answer that can satisfy anybody 's nationalist victim complex . 
  germans were paying reparations until this very decade for the world wars and holocaust , despite the fact almost no living german had anything to do with them . 
  it 's final world war ** i ** reparation was paid in 2010 . 
   should u.k. still be held accountable for what 's happening in canada , in the u.s.a , in kenya ... ? 
  the usa has been free of the empire for centuries . 
  not an argument . 
  canada was a part of the british empire that was invested in and benefited massively from the benevolent approach the empire started showing towards its more powerful commonwealth states ( eg . 
  statute of westminster ) . 
  not the same for its african mandates and colonies . 
  so if there 's a socioeconomic problem in kenya that is ultimately rooted in the results of british exploitative colonial policy , and that leads to the development of a crisis rooted in those socioeconomic problems , then yes , the british government is responsible . 
   belgium in congo yes  germany in namibia no , that would be south africa , who took it from the germans and attempted to colonize/annex it for decades . 
  what most people fail to realize is that the vast majority of former colonies today that are in shitty states are because their colonial overlords treated them like shit , took a huge level of resources , invested nothing into developing the country and educating the population or reinvesting the money they made into the land and then bailed the fuck out the second suppressing the population became too difficult . 
  and what people refuse to realize is that even though they 're not responsible for the exploitation of those people , they * are benefiting from it to the present day * . 
  none of our countries would be the way they are today if it were not for all the resources we got from the colonies . 
  i do n't think a single sane person would argue that massive amounts of money was made by colonialism . 
  massive amounts . 
  and it 's not like we gave it back . 
  france would not be so mighty , the united kingdom so respected , europe so developed , if it were not for our exploitation of the colonies . 
  yeah , sure , we 'd still be a country mile better off than them , but they would be developing too , at their own pace , with their own cultures , and they 'd be able to solve their own problems . 
  not what we did . 
  what we did was take a load of shit , drew arbitrary borders , saying `` here 's your country , sorry we ignored your self-determination and all that , just make do '' and then left , and somehow people expected it all to sort itself out . 
  does n't work like that . 
  you break it , you buy it . 
  france and britain fucked up the continent for decades , they can help fix it when it 's needed . 
  i fully support the french effort in africa as a peacekeeping operation , and believe it should very much become a european initiative , but do n't pretend that your country is some sort of martyr for the humanitarian cause and we 're selfish pricks for not helping you carry the burden . 
  why do n't they give that money to democratic movements within africa instead , as opposed to foreign military ? 
  the benefit of the latter disappears the second they leave , the benefit of the former lasts for lifetimes . 
   great . 
  the last thing europe needs is more of these crazy fucks coming back completely brainwashed . 
  we do n't need more blown up metros or trains . 
  amen to that !, 
  extremist islam has no place in any society , anywhere . 
  it 's important to remember , though , that such extremist tendencies are a function of the economy and education ; arrests will not solve the problems , simply temporarily alleviate the symptoms . 
  education initiatives and economic stimulation in areas worst effected by extremism - i.e. 
  poor neighbourhoods - is key to combating this problem . 
  i always find it so crazy to see tourists when i 'm walking around college . 
  does n't click that where i 'm studying is a tourist destination . 
  yeah , it 's call consistency . 
  i do n't turn my morals off and on for internet points , unlike other disgusting individuals i believe white and brown people as well as christian and muslim are a entitled to the same rights and treatment ; truly an evil , backwards belief, 
  yeah *** fuck the right of the people to choose their own destiny !, 
  *** the european way !, 
  it 's only referred to as the `` dictatorship '' of the majority in order to scare people from fighting for their democratic rights . 
  constitutions exist to protect the minorities . 
  did i call everyone in the world a bigot ? 
  i just called bigots bigots . 
  sorry if you ca n't handle the truth . 
  if the royal piece of shit of saudi arabia wants to input his view , and his view is islamophobic , then i would say he 's an islamophobic piece of shit as well . 
  except that it is n't isis 's flag . 
  usually context is important in that kind of situation . 
  if you 're a neonazi and you attack an openly gay person , and you have a history of being anti-gay , it 's pretty safe to assume it 's a hate crime . 
  that 's implying that they 're lazy and are n't already working hard . 
  it 's also implying that everyone can get a promotion ; which statistically they ca n't . 
  there 's no need for what the government is doing ; gentrification is simply just social engineering and an attempt to sweep socioeconomic issues under the rug . 
  i understand some of the logic behind it , but displacing people just because they 're poor is pretty immoral in practice . 
   but if they just ca n't afford to live there anymore , that is not a necessity . 
  they just need to make more money . 
  `` just make more money '' wut, 
  you could reforge the ~ ~ byzantine ~ ~ ~ ~ latin ~ ~ ottoman empire . 
  well , that 's a memorial all on its own . 
  i do n't see what the problem is . 
  except with suicide bombing , not particularly fond of bombing in general . 
  the people are being oppressed by their government and are resisting it . 
  when your government ignores you when you are peaceful , your only answer is violence . 
  or when your government responds to peace with violence , your only choice is violence . 
  they are kicking people out of their homes and destroying communities . 
  and i do n't see what the problem is with them tackling drug dealers on their own in their own community . 
  you 're assuming they even know about it , or that if they do they even care . 
  you 're moving from death , poverty and hopelessness in an attempt to secure a better life ( i.e. 
  pursuit of happiness ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure in that kind of situation you 're not going to follow every law ; given that they probably broke the law to get * into * the country in the first place . 
   nobody is obligated to resist by firing rockets and mortars at civvy population centres , nor are they obligated to equate success with the amount of dead children they achieve on both sides . 
  ignoring that israel fires twice as much into gaza as the other way around . 
   are you smoking ? 
  hamas has violated no less than 6 ceasefires to date , and for a long time refused to agree to any . 
  i 'm not smoking anything . 
  i 'm dealing with facts . 
  the fact that israel is violating the geneva convention on collective punishment . 
  the fact that the blockade should be lifted independent of any and all ceasefires . 
  the fact that despite this , the blockade has not been lifted despite israel saying in two separate ceasefires that they would . 
  and where do you get that hamas violated 6 ceasefires , again ? 
  the idf press office ? 
  and yes , evil palestine , how dare they not agree to a ceasefire . 
  how dare they just let themselves get bombed to oblivion repeatedly for decades !, 
  how dare they reject a ceasefire which they were n't consulted about after thousands upon thousands upon thousands of dead ? 
  poor israel , having to deal with evil palestine . 
  we all know israel has the purest of intentions and have the best interests of preserving international law and showing they are an upstanding democracy .
