  they specifically said they were waiting for most of it to be signed until after the elections . 
  on top of that , the current government is constitutionally and democratically legitimate . 
  and on top of that , there is no such thing as annexation into the eu , and we have never threatened someone if they did not join . 
  they specifically said they were waiting for most of it to be signed until after the elections . 
  many french people would argue it was a war crime and the wrong choice . 
  the admirals had promised the uk they would n't let the germans have the fleet , and the the uk went and sunk it all anyways with all those french sailors on board . 
  they specifically said they were waiting for most of it to be signed until after the elections . 
  they specifically said they were waiting for most of it to be signed until after the elections . 
  actually , i really just had to come back here because i could n't let such ignorance slide . 
  from your comment further back ;  but gun crime in dublin is n't a problem to the average person , so the life of an individual does n't matter to you even slightly ? 
  because the point of guns is n't to cater * to the average person * as the average person will usually have no interest and is willing to entrust their safety entirely to other people . 
  fine by them . 
  furthermore , the whole point of my `` analogy '' is that there are * frequently * innocent standers by who get wasted in gang land crime and you 're simply trivializing their death . 
  if guns were legal , do i expect them to have carried a gun ? 
  if guns were legal , does it mean necessarily that everyone should carry a gun everywhere at every time ? 
  sometimes you ca n't account for the variables . 
  however i would personally give that innocent passer by a chance to defend themselves for a violent criminal thug . 
  because i value individual life . 
  you seem to be some sort of warrior for `` society 's well being '' , well too bad for you it holds absolutely no weight . 
  switzerland has the lowest crime rate in the western world yet is *** 4th *** in gun ownership per capita . 
  i have yet to see societal collapse take place there , please let me known when the cracks start to show , i really wan na see this argument put to the test . 
  the whole point of the word `` paranoia '' is an unfounded suspicion . 
  it is n't paranoia if * people are actually getting shot * or if * people actually get murdered in their own homes * or * if crimes happen to people in general * . 
  that is no paranoia . 
  you can call it an over reaction , and at that point we have subjective arguments because an `` over reaction '' is an entirely subjective sentiment , but paranoia ? 
  absolutely not . 
  you can continue to attack me as a `` paranoid gun nut '' or whatever all you want , but i guess wearing a seat belt in a car is also paranoia too , huh ? 
  who crashes anyways !, 
  see , there 's nothing fearful about me , because the difference between you and me is that i 'm safer in my house and you are not . 
  tell me how that would correlate with me being * more afraid * ? 
  i 'm curious . 
  you do n't * need * a lot of things but they 're still permitted . 
  you do n't need alcohol , cigarettes , fast foods , sodas , you do n't need certain types of cars and you do n't need a nice big fancy tv or the next biggest smartphone . 
  why not ban those as well , seeing as they 're not needed ? 
  the state does not get to decide what i need or want unless what i need or want is directly responsible for harming someone elses physical well being . 
  and guess what , there 's absolutely * zero * correlation between rate of gun ownership in any given country and the frequency or nature of crimes committed . 
  now , tell me , do you hate our armed forces ? 
  using your logic , you absolutely do . 
  surely the republic of ireland , a country which will never be invaded and have no use for armed forces should simply get rid of them , right ? 
  we do n't * need * an army , all they are is a bunch of armed people that this country does n't need . 
  unless you 're saying that the state has more rights to defend itself against another state than an individual human being against another individual human being , in which case i can only shake my head in embarrassment for you . 
  the point that people like you are simply are not getting is that there is zero correlation between gun ownership and the frequency and nature of crimes committed . 
  that 's because people who want to commit crimes do n't do it with legal , traceable firearms ( because , hey guess what , people who commit premeditated murder are n't mentally handicapped ) . 
  see , it 's hilarious , because the only reason there are n't more guns in this country in the first place was because the government * literally stole them * back in 1972 . 
  they told everybody they 'd just take them for one month , and then when that month is up they told all the owners to fuck off . 
  and that nice 2008 ban on handguns because `` they were being used in crime '' ? 
  you know , the ban that is proven to have * absolutely no factual basis * ? 
  you are a major problem as a member of society . 
  not because you think differently , but because you are blindly ignorant to * facts * and * reality * where everyone that thinks differently or everyone is either a bad person , or out to get them , or insane , or stupid . 
  no , see , i did n't think you were anything of those things just because you disagreed with me , i think those things now because literally all you 've been capable of is * ad hominem * attacks on me as a person and an absolute inability to discuss the actual issue in a manner not filled with loaded questions or aggressive , misleading , statements that appeal to emotional response . 
  you must absolutely hate the irish army . 
  i feel bad for you . 
  keep being blindly hateful and ignorant of the realities . 
  i suppose those teenage girls are all gangsters waiting to happen , best just kill 'em in the crib because they a ` int people after all . 
  each to their own , some people ca n't accept that there 's imperfections . 
  i wont even deign to respond to pointless insults , it seems to be all people like you are able to come up with . 
  i suppose dublin is the gun crime capital of europe because we 're so strict on guns , amirite ? 
  sorry , if i wanted to murder you i can get an illegally owned firearm any time i want and use it , and it would n't trace back to me . 
  good thing i 'm not a psychopathic murderer , because they 've only ever used guns . 
  i better be careful or it might brainwash me into killing a random passer by . 
  they should have no reason to unless someone doxx 's me , calls the garda\u00ed and lies to them . 
  i 'm perfectly within the bounds of the law and permit of my ownership , all i 'm doing is expresses my political opinion which * is * a right i am entitled to . 
  thanks for the concern , 
  not really . 
  a firearms license requires legitimate reason . 
  sports shooting is what i bought the rifle for , and it is what i use it for . 
  past that , there is no legal question , unless i have explicit intent to shoot somebody with it ( which i would like to add , i do not ) . 
  there are quite a few people who live in rural areas that have multiple guns - shotguns are pretty dominant - that are used to clear our rodents , but if they ended up being used in a matter of self defense i do n't believe there would be serious legal consequences ( past the normal scrutiny in a self defense case ) . 
  regardless , my personal beliefs are strongly against the targeting of civilians in any armed conflict . 
  it is wrong . 
  end of . 
  there is no excuse for it . 
  as a citizen and resident of ireland , i work with what i have . 
  i own a rifle for that purpose , and explicitly for that purpose . 
  i would love deeply one day for the laws to change so that people - enthusiasts , `` gun nuts '' , and anything in between - could own a firearm for whatever reason . 
  it 's not a matter of what i consider `` more important '' . 
  i expanded on that further below . 
  i value the firearm strongly and self-defense is a part of that , but i own it for sports shooting first and foremost . 
  whereas i do n't consider a person committing a crime like that functional member of society to start with . 
  well this i actually did not know . 
  thanks for telling me , though it could have done without the snarky attitude . 
  though i do n't see how it applies to my overall post ( unless you just wanted to pick that specific part out and correct it ) . 
  i 'll have you know my skin is fireproof . 
  yeah , i think we 'll have to agree to disagree on that one . 
  i see it in two ways ; my autonomy as a human being , which should entitle me to the best tools for any job concerning my welfare , and of course that knocks on to the unrestricted self-defense . 
  it 's just that my view is if i do n't have that , i 'm entrusting my own safety to the state . 
  the safety of the individual is n't the primary concern of any one government , their concern is the safety of the state as an institution . 
  this is why i believe it is the prerogative of any individual to look after their own welfare . 
  i 'd honestly rather not say . 
  it took a lot for me to admit i had one in the first place , given i live where i live . 
  i 'd like to give as little info as possible on it . 
  great point if i 'm honest , i was kinda working under the assumption that the burglar had like `` scoped out '' my house and so on and kinda knew what was what . 
  well , if they did n't know i had one , they 'd find out . 
  the threat of a firearm is enough to deter almost anyone . 
  and what if it turns out i 've shot a 26 year old male ? 
  we can play that game all day , and if i 'm being honest i would n't know what to tell you . 
  it 's not like i personally * want * someone to come into my house or that i 'm mentally prepared to put a bullet into someone , it 's the worst case scenario and i 'd never , ever want to be in that situation . 
  but it 's always a possibility . 
  i own a firearm yes . 
  but to do so i 'm now on several watchlists , i had to apply through several levels of bureaucracy , and the government reserves the right to confiscate at any time they see fit without due compensation .
