  i remember the first time i saw a bison . 
  i was a really little kid , 5 or 6 . 
  it seemed as big as a house and i was so in * awe * of it . 
  that image is still stuck in my head today . 
  it was such a giant . 
  this makes me happy . 
  only sometimes ? 
  i shudder to say this ... / r/cutefemalecorpses ( nsfw for the love of god do n't click it ), 
   there 's a far left without being communist you know . 
  not really . 
  the far left is the socialist-communist domain . 
  if you wan na talk about `` far left '' relative to austria , fine . 
  but that does n't make them generally far left . 
  this is why we ca n't have nice things . 
  um , it 's about a poster . 
  a poster where the appearance has been changed . 
  i do n't think i should have to explain how stupid you 're being . 
  suddenly merkel looks more attractive . 
  sepoy rebellion was 90 years before indian independence . 
  the brits were hardly under pressure, 
  mmm but most of the time natives were violent towards eachother . 
  for example in india , all the violence was between muslims and hindus , and the british population was relatively unharmed . 
  you can push the extra water onto belgium . 
  build a wall around england and put a few holes in . 
  i 'm not trying to have an argument with you , i 'm just legitimately asking which branch you consider to be the `` mainstream '' ? 
  you do n't need to pull out statistics or anything , i 'll take your word for it , but one of the big `` problems '' the left has is that it does n't have a `` mainstream '' thought . 
  we all agree on some of the base fundamentals the marxism puts forward , and then after that everyone goes all over the place . 
   it 's part of mainstream communist theory and what is `` mainstream communist theory '' ? 
  stalinism ? 
  luxemburgism ? 
  impossibilism ? 
  it 's a downvote troll, 
   however opponents of israel will often have antisemitic views . 
  absolutely not . 
  where do you get that idea from ? 
  the mother tongue is n't the national language . 
  the mother tongue is the first language of your parents . 
  english , for the vast majority of us . 
  the 2 ^ nd pic is the 2 ^ nd language after irish , obviously , and then the third one is due to the foreign nationals in the country which speak english as their second language . 
  branches of it , yes . 
  however , trying to compare communist democracy and current methods of democracy linearly is pretty ineffective . 
  for example , the traditional thing people think about when they think `` communist '' is the ussr . 
  big bad guys . 
  this was brought about , as you say , by vanguardism . 
  however its form became something that it was n't intended to become , due to stalinism . 
  stalin created this giant , nameless , faceless , unaccountable bureaucracy , which up until his reign was pretty much counter to communism/socialist movements . 
  so much so that other forms of communism sprung up specifically against him , eg . 
  that 's not even going into modern socialism , which is mostly geared towards democratic reform , or even mentioning the other forms of revolutionary socialism that did not believe in the vanguard at all . 
  what was meant to be created was an extremely decentralized government , governed by soviets , i.e. 
  worker 's councils , from the ground up . 
  all the power was meant to lie with the people at the bottom . 
  hence the name `` union of soviet socialist republics '' . 
  many would argue that this is not anti-democratic , but is even a purer form of democracy than what is already practiced . 
  it , like the representative democracies in italy and germany , got derailed by a politically savvy mover and shaker in its seminal period . 
  there 's no such thing as a democratic revolution . 
  even revolutions to install a version of democracy are not democratic in nature . 
  so , i do n't think that 's much of an argument . 
  hopefully all of them . 
  suck my dick . 
  enjoy that . 
  no they 're not . 
  you can make a case for stalinists , maoists , and one or two other branches , but saying communism/socialism is undemocratic by nature is a point of massive ignorance . 
  * especially * if they 're engaging with the political system . 
  they 're radical , not extremist . 
  big difference . 
  it 's the principal of the matter . 
  no they do n't . 
  that 's like saying disliking an african country is racist . 
  this is n't even a question . 
  yes . 
  unarguably , yes . 
  unless you 're asking a different question entirely . 
  this needs to be better phrased . 
  it 'd also be good to note that in the modern workplace a lot of that shit gets you fired and some even prosecuted . 
  the same reason most people are classed as `` antisemitic '' - jew is synonymous with israel/israeli in many people 's heads . 
  ireland was , in 2011 , classed as the most antisemitic country in europe due its opposition to israel . 
  in japan , to avoid firing people , companies set aside blank rooms for people and put them in there and force them to do absolutely nothing , indefinitely . 
  they can not talk , they can not use devices , it is essentially incarceration . 
  the idea is to force them to quit and therefore the company does n't have to pay extra . 
  so i 'm assuming a `` japanese strike '' would probably involve people doing nothing at work , but still showing up . 
  like a slow-down . 
  it 's a throwaway account , probably some 12 year old from / pol /, 
  absolutely not left wing . 
  hardly . 
  look at how effective russian propaganda has been all over the world . 
  people are fucking stupid and putin could bite off bits of any territory he wanted if he plays his cards right . 
  the only response from the eu/nato would be military assault on the effected regions , which due to russian propaganda would be a pr disaster . 
  furthermore , that puts the game all entirely in russia 's hands where they have plausible deniability , no risk , to his own territory , and he 's still managing to create widespread civil unrest in order to make the lives of border countries hell . 
  it is n't a likely possibility , but it 's not in the region of `` absurd '' . 
  the problem with this `` right '' is that it shows a massive display of either ignorance of cognitive dissonance on the part of its supporters ; once an item is on the internet , it is no longer private information . 
  once either you post it up , or you give someone else the information and they post it up , that information is not private any more . 
  the internet and `` private '' does not mix . 
  it is an oxymoron . 
  the court thinks it can simply erase reality under the guise of protecting individuals , when in reality all it is is censorship . 
  a wolf in sheep 's clothing . 
  now we get into even more important things ; press freedom . 
  believe it or not , internet search is a form of publication . 
  by preventing news media from publishing information on the web by censoring the results , are we not removing this press freedom ? 
  where do we draw the line ; what is public information and what is private information ? 
  is a ceo 's business dealings public information ?
