  it is what it is . 
  we need nuclear and shale . 
  nuclear is a good , reliable power source . 
  it 's clean , and it 's still a developing industry that science is making a lot of progress in . 
  limited fracking could also be a good idea . 
  solar and wind power are feasible , the problem is that there 's no way to actually sufficiently store the energy . 
  i 've grown extremely disillusioned with the eu as a result of this - not as a result of a lack of response , but a result of a lack of solidarity and display that they are * willing * to respond . 
  you 're justifying russian imperialism against * ukraine * because * america * invaded one country that was harbouring terrorists and another that had a long history of conflict with america that also mass murdered his own people and was committing genocide against the kurds . 
  if this is n't russian apologism i do n't know what is . 
  my government has n't said it would n't give sanctions because it might harm dublin city , unlike a certain neighbour of ours . 
  the brits had us for ~ 800 years , guess an invasion would be justified , do n't you think ? 
  is this some sort of joke ? 
  it 's fine , xkenq is renowned for being a colossal retard . 
  i 'm in favour . 
  why ? 
  the only place with a russian majority is crimea . 
  everywhere else is dominated by ukrainians . 
  also i downvoted you because your map 's fucking retarded and i 'm sick of seeing it posted . 
  cowards, 
  he doubts your commitment , not capability . 
  would you really intervene is putin decided he wanted the rest of ukraine ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  the same appeasement that allowed anschluss and remilitarizing the rhineland . 
  how long before we start letting russia nuclear test again ? 
  because when he runs out of neighbours to invade , good old stalin 2.0 is going need some way to start swinging his dick around . 
  i respected the polish before . 
  now i admire their balls of steel . 
  i do n't think all of them will defect . 
  there are quite a few ethnic russians who consider themselves ukrainian first . 
  we 'll see how long that lasts . 
  oh dear god that building got raped, 
  the thing with that though is , who will view any deal made by crooks as legitimate ? 
  i 'm extremely anti-neutrality . 
  and the irony of being called a coward in this conversation is amusing . 
  yeah , my country 's role of not getting itself bombed to the stone age while releasing any british military we caught , supplying you with intel and letting our guys join your military by the thousands . 
  but that 's just the past , i 'm talking about now and your policy of appeasement , which has a very striking similarity to a certain historical figure by the name of neville chamberlain , who 's policies , if i recall my history , allowed another man named adolf hitler , to freely annex neighbouring countries and ultimately lead to world war ii . 
  see , i 'd rather not repeat the mistakes of history , which included giving in to an aggressive foreign policy just because you were a giant pussy and would n't take the hardline stance required to stand up to a bully . 
  they taken foreign insurgents/terroristst and lock them up there to be tortured . 
  not domestic political opponents . 
  the only american citizen to ever see the inside of guantanamo was a saudi with american citizenship and nobody realized he was american ( you know , being an arab and all ) . 
  he was released and deported to saudi arabia after he renounced citizenship . 
  great response there , chamberlain . 
  nah , do n't ban it , though we should add a flair system for the subreddit really in regards to news articles . 
  a `` blogspam '' flair might be pretty useful . 
  so , propaganda . 
  the only oblast in ukraine with a russian ethnic majority is crimea . 
  making the wild assumption that all of them support russia ( which we know is n't true , but let 's make the assumption anyways ) , the only reasonable response from russia 's end would be to encourage a referendum on the issue . 
  this is why you have diplomatic channels . 
  putin on the other hand , clearly does not believe in diplomacy . 
  i do not need to be brainwashed to believe that , his actions speak for themselves . 
  he unlawfully deployed a military force to ukraine under a false pretext . 
  that constitutes as an invasion . 
  whether you like it or not , crimea is sovreign territory of ukraine . 
  it does n't matter how long they 've owned it , it does n't matter how long the russians owned it before them , crimea is internationally recognised and lawful sovreign territory of ukraine , which russia has illegally infringed on with no casus belli . 
  regardless of the claim , georgian military action was akin to a war crime . 
  they were sitting on the other side of the georgian border shelling civilians , russia invaded in reaction . 
  however , russian occupation and bombing of georgian cities went beyond their role as peacekeepers - a strategic strike on military positions i could understand . 
  in reality that war was played dirty by both sides . 
  south ossetia held a referendum and declared independence , georgia said it was illegal and then it blew up from there . 
  so you 're saying neville chamberlain had a good foreign policy and that we should emulate it ? 
  they have a right to 25,000 troops confined to their bases . 
  not 25,000 troops wandering around confining the ukrainian military to their bases . 
  regardless of when it was received , how long it was in russian hands , whatever , crimea is legally and internationally recognised as ukrainian sovreign territory . 
  there is absolutely no reason at this moment in time to legitimize a russian incursion into crimea . 
  i think you have the wrong idea of what guantanamo is for . 
  the west will listen when there 's something rational to listen to . 
  given me some solid , logical reasons not based in propaganda as to why russia should intervene in ukraine . 
   also , i thought my fellow europeans learned enough about nationalism after the last century . 
  you 'd think so , but people today are still entirely ignorant of nationalism and what it means to be nationalist . 
  there is nothing wrong with pride in one 's country . 
  there is nothing wrong with wanting to be better than other countries . 
  there is nothing wrong with wanting to rule yourself for yourself . 
  many europeans are strongly nationalist but never use that term because the layman does n't understand the difference between nationalism and fascism . 
  in fascist ( chauvinistic nationalism ) ideology , other nations and people are inherently inferior and subservient to your needs and your nation 's needs . 
  you believe in things like a strong , singular leader , akin to a monarchy . 
  there is nothing inherently wrong with nationalism until it goes to far into the spectrum of fascism . 
  then you have a problem . 
  nationalism is what drives a scottish independence movement . 
  nationalism is what drives the catalan and basque movements . 
  nationalism is what drove the irish independence movement , and nationalism is what continues to drive very similar movements all around the world . 
  a lot of things happened in that war that should never have been allowed , and taking legal action against eachother is not going to help heal the wounds . 
  there is such a thing as limited engagement . 
  china and the usa did n't start hurling nuclear weapons at eachother during vietnam . 
  if anybody thinks they 're staying out of european war - no , a world war , they 're sorely mistaken . 
  did n't work for finland last time . 
  i would 've said let the lithuanians have it but they have an aversion to taking russian populations into their country ( and now we know why ) . 
  ireland had pretty good infantry , but other than that our military is as pitiful as our neutrality . 
  `` if it 's anything like bosnia '' good thing it is n't . 
  are they * really * going to try that shit in the middle of this ? 
  did kim jong un suddenly seize control of russia , because what they 're doing is quite north korean . 
  there 's nothing they could discuss at g8 that they could n't already discuss through standard diplomatic channels . 
  if they wanted to talk they easily do so , and if they wanted to meet face to face , it 's only one plane away at any given time . 
  they should really vet their commanders better . 
  what 's wrong with nationalism ? 
  nationalism is fine unless it turns chauvinistic . 
  not to mention the `` nationalists have taken over ukraine '' is the russian narrative , it 's a national unity government with people all across the political spectrum . 
  we 're not the one attacking neighbouring countries . 
  any bad blood comes from russia . 
  we can buy from elsewhere until then , or run on stockpiles . 
  norway has quite a bit of oil they 've been waiting to sell .
