  i 'm hoping you 're a shill rather than an actual person who legitimately believes the views you hold . 
  the rise of far right fascism in israel is worrying . 
  yeah , sure . 
  how can you see when you 're blinded by hatred ? 
  ** the polish parliament building 's resemblance to a circus tent **, 
  no no no , guys , stop attacking this man !, 
  he 's not a racist !, 
  an israeli shill using strawmans ? 
  i 'm so surprised . 
  i live in a scarcely populated area well enough , but it 's not an arse-end-of-nowhere farm house or anything . 
  i live in an estate , next to several other estates , next to a village . 
  essentially a bit of an exterior suburb . 
  there 's been plans to get better infrastructure here for ages , but each time the deadline comes around they just push it back another month . 
  no abortion is best abortion , as catholic church says !, 
  dat formatting . 
  you forgot the [ european parliament ] ( http://europeancaravanforlegality.eu/admin/wp-content/uploads/2011/11/bru-brussels-european-parliament-building-b.jpg ) and its second one in [ strasbourg ] ( http://www.irishdigest.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/06/the-european-parliament-in-strasbourg-whre-plenary-sessions-are-held-every-month.jpg ) !, 
  y u do dis, 
  if brazil joined sanctions against russia it would undermine the entire brics economic community , which is strained enough as it is . 
  relax , nobody 's fucked here , it 'll all be over by christmas ^ ^ ^ ^ eve, 
  world population is entirely irrelevant , you should be looking at production . 
  western countries are the big exporters of agri products by a longshot . 
  i do n't see brics countries like brazil joining sanctions . 
  4mbps master race represent . 
  balanced out by those lovely common place 200 + mbps speeds found in dublin and cork , though . 
   alright , you 're a bit to edgy for me . 
  great way to start a discussion , you sure struck me as mature and reasonable from the start . 
   reasonable people do n't hang effigies of people they dislike , it speaks to a level of rage and hatred that 's not just unreasonable , it 's fucking toxic . 
  that 's a baseless statement . 
  if you 're attempting to make a shocking political statement , then there 's no reason why hanging or burning effigies is not a valid reason . 
  i dunno , maybe i 'm just desensitized to it from our whole conflict over here , but i do n't see anything even remotely extremist or toxic over it , and those are just unjustified cop-out statements . 
  yes , as i pointed out in my first post . 
  but / u/srazors96 is saying hanging effigies is antisemitic because the effigies are representing figures that happen to be jewish , which is essentially playing the holocaust card which is a cop-out anti-intellectual response to criticism of israel . 
  his statement had nothing to do with the mayor , as stupidly antisemitic as the mayor is . 
  meh , i 'm sure the black market will survive in any case . 
  they 're not hanging people , they 're hanging effigies , and that 's an incredibly common political statement . 
  absolutely nothing abnormal about it . 
  yes , let 's turn what would otherwise be a common political statement into antisemitism . 
  wow , that 's probably the biggest hit the taliban has made in a long time, 
  i wonder how long it 'll be until every unit is armed and armed patrols are standard . 
  it was great up until the point it turned into the jewish world domination conspiracy . 
  yes , he 's an account that spams reddit with pro-israel/anti-muslims stuff all the time . 
  frankly i think he should be banned . 
  but with that said there 's nothing wrong with this particular submission . 
  we shall all patiently watch the stream until then . 
  a ceasefire , not a peace deal . 
  scurvy, 
   if the russians leave and law & order returns ; where will all those african warlords and latin american narcotraffickers get their bazookas and ak-47s ?? 
  state arms dealers like france , belgium , sweden , israel and russia ? 
  us bases give the american military more global reach . 
  they get to stop over in europe before heading on to places like iraq and afghanistan . 
  for consistency , there 's bases there to house them , have security , and also allow them to do other things such as intelligence gathering . 
  for example , one of america 's most major spying hqs in the world is in germany . 
  host nations do it because having american troops on our soil is like wearing a bulletproof vest . 
  no other state on planet is going to fuck with you . 
  on top of that , it 's more convenient for everyone - if the us has units deployed in europe , it 's easier for joint training and operations to take place . 
  we also get political points with the american elites . 
  mostly geopolitics . 
  if having american troops stationed in your country became unfavourable with very little benefit , most countries would probably close the bases . 
  it started with the end of world war ii ; germany was probably the biggest one , which is why it was still officially speaking , an occupied country right up until reunification with the gdr . 
  this allowed the us to have a military force deployed there . 
  similar to how they have troops deployed to the korean borders , if there 's any attack , they 're guaranteed to get caught in the cross fire and die , and as such american politicians have every excuse to get involved in the war . 
  all of the above logic pretty much applies to non-european countries as well . 
  it 's all about america 's global reach , ability to get into any war it wants to , while also providing protection for those states from any potential enemies . 
  using korea as an example again , i would n't doubt the north and south koreans would start up their war again if there was no american protection . 
  because most people do n't understand how banking works , despite it being pretty much the most important part of the economy when it comes to stimulating capital . 
  soviet union has a period of several decades where it was a totalitarian state ; mostly under stalin and partially under brezhnev . 
  otherwise ? 
  authoritarian ? 
  yes , undeniably . 
  north korea ? 
  followed * juche * . 
  when you proclaim the military as the driving force of the revolution as opposed to the workers , and then do nothing to implement a socialist society , then you ca n't claim to even be trying to be socialist . 
  so i disagree ; totalitarian police state ? 
  yes . 
  attempt at socialism ? 
  for the period after the revolution it did resort to totalitarian means . 
  if they did n't the u.s. would 've toppled the regime , something it still tries to do to this day , i might add . 
  cuba is n't a totalitarian state . 
  authoritarian ? 
  yeah , sure , in that it 's got a centralized planned economy . 
  soviet satellite states were a mixed bag . 
  they were n't simply `` satellites '' as people would like to believe , there was quite a significant amount of conflict and different approaches between the states and moscow . 
  the ussr often let the pact states introduce reform that it itself disagreed with . 
  the two big events were the suppression of the hungarian 1958 revolution , a revolution which was spearheaded by communists , and the prague spring . 
  it was the soviet union that forbid its satellite states from violently suppressing popular movements to bring back democracy . 
  again , authoritarian ? 
  yeah . 
  totalitarian police states ? 
  arguable . 
  yugoslavia simply was n't a totalitarian state . 
  after the war tito and his men committed some crimes ( ethnic cleansing of the german population , for example ) , but while he was in power for decades , it was tito 's refusal to capitulate to stalin 's methodology of totalitarian control , and his opting for a more libertarian approach , that brought yugoslavia and the ussr into conflict . 
  i would n't call yugoslavia an overtly authoritarian state at all , except in its formative years and in the years in which it was breaking up during the yugoslav wars . 
  do n't know enough about it to comment . 
  but here you are again with your `` ratio '' , as if it matters . 
  you 're trying to tell me that a system which has been around for hundreds of years with dozens of prior attempts before being successful has a different rate of avoiding totalitarianism ? 
  yeah , no shit . 
  but let 's take a look at what capitalism has brought us , shall we ? 
  firstly , the colonial period in the late 19th , early 20th century . 
  hundreds of millions of people were under violent , totalitarian rule from western , capitalist countries . 
  massive rights abuses were conducted , millions upon millions were killed , and that was all under capitalism and pursuit of profit .
