  truly a terrible thing to say . 
   by taking a stance against low-paid labour , you 're basically taking a stance against those people having jobs in the first place . 
  absolutely not . 
  i 'm taking a stance against exploitative labour . 
  that 's like saying fighting for abolition of slavery is the same as fighting against employment and trying to increase homelessness . 
  it is n't my fault a corporation with nothing but profit motive is treating its workers like shit . 
  i do n't run the corporations . 
  they decide to treat their workers badly , not me . 
  and the workers do n't get a say in the matter , it 's either that job where they 're treated like shit or they do n't survive . 
  corporations can absolutely still go abroad , treat the workers far better than they do now , and still get labour cheaper than what they 'd get here . 
  but they do n't . 
  and they resist every regulation or change that would make them do that because it would hurt their profits . 
  and that 's not my fault at all . 
  it 's theirs . 
   every developed country got where it is on the backs of low-skilled , low-wage ( or slave ) labour and to hold developing countries today to western standards of human rights is incredibly unfair . 
  not really , no . 
  multinational corporations exploiting populations enmasse and then taking the vast majority of profits abroad to be spent elsewhere is not country development . 
  in our own histories this was the situation because industrialization was still developing and we were moving from feudalism/monarchy to capitalism , where there were very large population movements and with no past precedent being set for worker 's rights . 
  however , in contrast to today , the profits stayed inside our countries . 
  if a business owner ran a business in the uk , odds are he kept his profits in the uk . 
  today with neoliberal policies being the way of things , it 's like a game of smash and grab where you pay as little as you can , maximize the profits , and then run away with the wealth and leave the country with nothing . 
  labour was cheap then because people were cheap and nobody gave a fuck about mass starvation , famine , disability , etc. 
  and i see absolutely no reason why we should propagate those 19th/early 20th century conditions elsewhere . 
  furthermore , i 'm not holding foreign countries to our standards , i 'm holding ourselves to our standards . 
  the vast majority of infringements on worker 's rights occurring abroad are done by western corporations supported by our own governments . 
  some of the worst ever corporate atrocities are committed by the likes of nestl\u00e9 . 
   industrialisation is impossible without doing what you oppose and the biggest success story in recent years , china , proves just that . 
  all that china really proves is what a state would look like if a country exploited its own people as much as foreign corporation did . 
  although in many cases the people of china are better off than say , those in india , it could still have been far better , but instead not only is the chinese government not making any attempt to improve the lives of the workers there , its corrupt system has essentially cemented this exploitation . 
   a migrant worker program or investment in their home countries ' industries is far more reasonable . 
  if a european company needs cheap labour , they should build a factory in a stable african country and help them build up actual business industries and a tax base . 
  constantly importing the world 's poor to work those jobs here does n't benefit their home countries at all nor does it do anything toward addressing huge global inequalities . 
  and that all sounds great in practice , but in reality does not benefit anybody but us . 
  the profits from that labour go to multinational corporations , not to the african countries where the profits are needed . 
  it 's nothing short of neocolonialism . 
  instead of trying to propagate a practice of exploitation of the workers internationally , just because they are n't * us * , we should be trying to work with the developing nations in order to secure more rights for the workers that live there , and curtail corporate power in general , as opposed to letting these multinational corporations run around above the law , continuing their exploitation of developing continents through bribery , corruption and other underhanded means . 
  if we had any interest in actually improving the countries from which we are profiting , we would be buying and selling things from domestic industries there , not simply supplanting them and dominating them with ours . 
  a worse name *, 
  the only reason national socialists would fill the second point is because the corporations and institutions are foreign . 
  socialists or communists would n't like them because things like the imf are liberal institutions and the whole point of socialism/communism is to dismantle corporations . 
   we can barely pay our young mothers and now we should invest in ships ? 
  fuck that . 
  welcome to the dilemma the rest of europe is facing with what to do with these ships . 
  france needs the money , too . 
  to ensure an effect if it misses . 
  if a missile is designed to explode exclusively on impact , nothing happens if it misses . 
  if they 're designed to explode in proximity , the force of the explosion could still rip the plane apart or at the very least cause some damage or make it lose control . 
  because that 's what they 've consistently done for their entire existence ? 
  and because i actually read israeli news ? 
  i know this because hamas claims responsibility for each and every single one of their rockets and have been working very hard to stop rocket attacks from dissidents in gaza for years . 
  even if we want to go by the word of right wing israelis or their military , this has been the case . 
  netanyahu have just used the kidnapped and murdered children as a pretext to launch and unjust and punitive invasion in order to facilitate the expansion of settlements in the west bank . 
  none of those requirements are mandatory , they 're helpful , though . 
  i 'm sure the moderators picked those they thought were best for the job . 
  congratulations guys , good luck keeping this place clean !, 
  that 's some fucking machiavellian politics right there . 
  italy, 
  there are several landlocked seas . 
  the distinction between naming something a sea and a lake has been largely arbitrary and based on size and history rather than a set scientific criteria . 
  maybe the amphibious assault ships that come with them can , though . 
  and you 're also forgetting mistrals carry dozens of helicopters , which would be enough to land a small advance force . 
  it 's not like it 's needed for moldova , anyways , the russia army is over in transnistria is it not ? 
  i understand their thought process , it just does n't make any fucking sense . 
  edit ; i give up, 
  why not both ? 
  nobody ever said these people were logical . 
  yeah , this is some pretty despicable shit and it 's giving the muslim community in france a bad name . 
  pretty sure most of them are born here as third of fourth generation north africans . 
  they did n't `` come here '' , they 're as european as you or me . 
  they just also happen to be misguided and thuggish . 
  clearly not, 
  the entire idea is fucking stupid . 
  i ca n't make a reasonable objection that still let the actual thing itself work . 
  yeah , i 've pretty much given up at this stage . 
  i 'm going to give myself an aneurysm trying that again . 
  you ca n't editorialize imgur links !, 
  plus , [ i do n't think ] ( http://i.imgur.com/05vyrja.jpg ) [ it 's an unfair ] ( http://i.imgur.com/b0dlxxp.jpg ) [ statement to make ] ( http://i.imgur.com/cjzejpl.jpg ) consider our [ past history ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ireland%e2%80%93israel_relations#relations ), 
  ** [ flegging intensifies ] **, 
  because this is being vote brigaded by / r/european and / r/whiterights and they do n't like the fact i 'm calling them a load of scummy racist fucks ? 
  what the fuck are you smoking ? 
  because it 's relevant to the comment you just made , which was directly about me ? 
  oh , i 'm * so sorry * that i 'm calling out racists for their bullshit . 
  it 's such * awful * thing to do , i 'm sure . 
  sorry that standing up for european principals is making you uncomfortable , i should adapt my entire ethos and life philosophy for someone who posts here once a month . 
  i may be a dick , but at least i 'm not a racist dick . 
   do you have any evidence that the posters you are replying to are criticising muslims because they hate brown people due to their race , and not simply because they hate islam ? 
  past experience with those people  isnt this racism all in your head in this case ? 
  it does n't really look like you understand the relation between the consumer , labour , and capital . 
  and given your increasingly hostile attitude , i 'm just going to leave you alone with your bad idea . 
  colonialism fucking sucks , you 'd think you 'd have learned that already . 
   just because some people criticise islam from racist motivations does not mean all people criticising islam are racists , or that critique of islam is racism . 
  so if someone is criticising islam for racist reasons , they ca n't be called racist . 
  what the fuck . 
   and then even you wo n't have iphones . 
  well , i hate apple anyways !, 
  because cheap labour means they 're going to be treated like shit . 
  * that 's how labour is cheap * , that 's why people refer to our current economic policies as a `` race to the bottom '' because in order for us to be `` competitive '' with china etc. 
  we have to erode our worker 's rights . 
  most of the expense of labour comes from how well you want to treat your employees . 
  if you treat them badly , labour is cheap .
