  you 're clearly not sorry , just ignorant . 
  til romania and bulgaria are not eu memberstates . 
  the same old tired bullshit rhetoric . 
  ten years ago it was the poles and now it 's the bulgarians and romanians . 
  people do n't call you racist because you 're anti-immigration . 
  they call you racist because you 're full of shit and it 's the best way to get retards to shut the fuck up . 
  point me to a monocultural society . 
  no it did n't cause a far right rise , ignorance , lack of education , poor economic conditions , and scaling back of government services caused this . 
  oh , one of * those * types . 
  radical wings tend to go out in force and vote for ideologies that they believe in . 
  true feminists movements tend to be hard left , so it would n't be surprising if they managed to mobilize , i 'm just surprised there 's a feminist party at all , as opposed to them being integrated into the far left parties . 
  not really , no . 
  the eu is quite good a giving smaller states a voice that they otherwise would not have , and it 's good a giving politicians and policy makers from those states a say in europe-wide policy . 
  for example , the council of the european union has a rotating presidency , and the votes are weighted in favour of smaller states . 
  the same with the european parliament , where most smaller states get a disproportionately higher number of seats . 
  smaller countries can influence events to far stronger degree within the eu than they can from without . 
  that is simply undeniable . 
  the extent of that influence within the eu depends on how much political willpower they are willing to exert and how much of a fuck the population actually gives . 
  ireland , before our big mess , was quite an influential member state within the union . 
  luxembourg 's former pm is looking like he 'll be the next commission president ( assuming epp dominated coalition ) . 
  what 's required from smaller memberstates is stronger mobilization and even a united approach on issues that effect smaller nations . 
  they will influence jack shit if they do n't make an effort . 
  woo yeahhh italy and belgium !, 
  fuck everywhere else . 
  edit : and i do n't know why voting is n't compulsory everywhere . 
  come on guys . 
  the article itself is concerned with the us , but it links to this pdf which has rankings http://www.ituc-csi.org/img/pdf/survey_ra_2014_eng_v2.pdf european countries scoring 1 include ; belgium denmark estonia finland france germany iceland italy lithuania montenegro netherlands norway slovakia sweden, 
  has n't been put into effect yet . 
  that 's like saying jfk should 've launched the nukes the second he found out about the missile sites on cuba . 
  america is an immigrant country . 
  founded by immigrants , built by immigrants , run by immigrants ... america is a toddler when put up to europe . 
  a country of immigrants will never , ever , experience the same nationalistic bullshit that you experience in a country where the same people , the same culture , and to a very large extent , the same religion , have occupied the same area for thousands of years . 
  we slaughtered eachother for thousands of years for the territory of this or that king , and revolutions and rebellions and separatists wars were fought so that regions could join up with people that are ethnically and religiously the same as them . 
  and when the age of kings died , the state replaced them , and people mass murdered eachother in the name of the state . 
  europe has grown up a lot , but we 're still that same continent that went to war for all those years for all those trivial reasons , and that influences modern society here . 
  fn is strongly anti-eu , but that witch le pen is playing her cards intelligently . 
  why ? 
  extra minor trade partner . 
  benefits switzerland more than it suits the eu . 
  it is n't a relationship of equals in the slightest . 
  the result scared the shit out of my parents . 
  they 're muslims . 
  they do n't like the far-right ultranationalist neo-nazi tendencies starting to pop up in europe , particularly the rabidly xenophobic fn . 
  but hey , 25 % for fn ... could be worse , right ? 
  at least 75 % of the people did n't vote for them ... 
  switzerland abides by most eu regulations and enjoys free trade with the eu . 
  but has no say in the actual decisions . 
  they 're doing well outside the eu specifically because the eu is being cooperative . 
  not at all . 
  they purged what was left of their communists about a decade ago . 
  we estimated about a 58 % turnout this year in ireland . 
  but we also had a by-election in one of our most populated constituencies ( which the trotskyite socialist party won ) , so that might have bumped it up slightly . 
  southern france is a good place if you 're looking for sun and beaches , though it 's been nearly a decade since i last went there , so i 'm not sure on the cost of living anymore . 
  portugal as well is rather cheaper in living costs but has a nice coast/beach experience , at least from when i went to the algarve ( typical touristy destination , great area though ) . 
  really , most places with a mediterranean coastline are good for beaches and so on , though i would not go to greece unless you want to go to the islands ( i do n't know costs there at all ) , i 'm not sure on the situation with the rest of the balkan states either , though bulgaria will be extremely cheap and has a large coast with the caspian sea , i 've never been . 
  italy is also cheap , but i 've not been there for your kind of holidays . 
  / r/europe is an exhibition of a lot of things . 
  nationalism , racism , militancy , xenophobia , and so on . 
  conflict unifies people in a nationalistic manner . 
  however you will just as easily find people who are `` euronationalist '' who will criticize the union and its institutions . 
  any serious internationalist should recognize that the old adage of `` rome was n't built in a day '' applies here . 
  the european union is a step forward in terms of internationalist thought . 
  a bit too neoliberal for my tastes , but a step forward nonetheless . 
  say what you want , but the european union is a symptom of post-nationalist thought . 
  it 's the only modern institution of its kind , and arguably the first of its kind . 
  the guy 's a moron , i 've had similar conversations with him . 
  he does n't understand basic logic . 
  it 's internationalist/post-nationalist . 
  `` europe '' is n't a state , we all live in nations now - cyprus , ireland , france etc. , a `` european feeling '' looks beyond the nation state boundaries towards people who are n't of the same nation as us . 
  that is n't nationalism at all , it 's rejecting the social order we group up with and towards one based less on political borders . 
  conflict with an external force is always internally unifying . 
  it was dedicated to the turkish youth/protesters was n't it ? 
  it should be european union territory and the people there should be european citizens , it 's just occupied territory . 
  though that 's a logical guess , dunno for sure . 
  [ a strike , you say ? 
  that must 've been hilarious . 
  we need the seanad as an institution , but it does absolutely need reformation of some kind . 
   bolshevism all bolsheviks are communists but not all communists are bolsheviks, 
  it 's amazing no damage was done, 
   yanukovitch was pro himself . 
  you think poroshenko is n't ? 
  meet the new boss , same as the old boss . 
  deport them where ? 
  back across the border so they can come back over again ? 
  or so the next lot of immigrants can replace them ? 
  deportation , closing the border ... none of it is feasible as a real solution . 
  and that 's not speaking of the inhumane , sociopathic behaviour that solution is indicative of . 
  if you want to fix immigration you need to fix the problems in the countries they 're all fleeing from . 
  mass movement of people is pretty much a natural phenomenon and there 's nothing you or i can do to stop it , no matter what this or that party says . 
  and , by the way , nobody sends immigrants to greece . 
  immigrants do all they can to get out of your country . 
  you 're contradicting yourself . 
  first , you say 2 nations rejecting it would mean that it should not pass at all . 
  then you ignore the nations who approved of it because it would be imposing their will . 
  little bit of a , little bit of b. 
  we 're certainly heavily influenced . 
  and in that regard it 's pretty much one-way . 
  we influence america only insofar as their interests align with ours . 
  so , not really influence . 
  i could n't say the same for us and them .
