  as well as being an egomaniac , i 'm also absolutely correct and all you 've been able to do is hurl insults one way without ever providing an argument . 
  so , allow me to reciprocate . 
  you 're fucking retarded . 
  i have no incentive to consider this conversation when the person i am talking to has the mental capacity of someone who 's age is in single digits . 
  when you grow up - maybe around the time your balls drop - you might be mature enough to hold a mature conversation without being the first to sling asinine thought-terminating-clich\u00e9s . 
  you have no argument . 
  you have no rational thoughts on the matter . 
  you have no way at all to convince anyone that you 're correct other than extremely poor attempts at character assassination . 
  you , and anyone who agrees with you , is so mind numbingally fucking retarded that my capability to think with any kind of rationality is being degraded each second i am exposed to you . 
  i have no reason to continue this conversation with someone who is so clearly incapable of more than one way of thinking that i would have a better conversation with a wall . 
  by the way , your measly single downvote for each of my comments is pretty cute , but you ca n't downvote away the truth . 
  fuck you , and goodbye . 
  yes , let 's have a raid at the most insulting time possible and in the most insulting manner possible , that 's sure to make the religious group we 're targeting more amenable when we try to lock up one of them for having `` bad opinions '' !, 
  do people do this shit on purpose or something ? 
  did n't they take out the gps capabilities because the americans had a hissy fit ? 
   i did n't much bother reading guess we both know that i 'm right then !, 
  you have n't addressed the fact that almost the entire of europe has no conscription . 
   furthermore , is all kind of vital or necessary work slavery ? 
  if it is forced , yes . 
   you assume/want individualism to trump laws and existential necessity , when reality dictates it should n't , does n't and never will . 
  no , i value democracy , free will and the ability of people to choose whether or not their country is worth their life . 
   conscription is in the same spirit for security and prosperity , and to allow said livelihood to even exist . 
  you pay taxes for the military . 
  that 's enough . 
  the whole point of security is to protect the people . 
  the people pay for that security through taxation . 
  therefore there is no outstanding debt to the institution that is the government . 
  furthermore , if you are forcing someone to fight against their will , the whole `` security and prosperity '' part of the military that you are so keen to emphasize , has become functionally obsolete by using the people it 's meant to protect as cannon fodder . 
   you live in a dream world , stop spreading your pc utopian mental collapse refuse unto others . 
  no , i live in the modern world where technological advances have made mass numbers of conscripts obsolete and nothing more than cannon fodder . 
  i live in the modern world where slavery is supposed to be abolished . 
  i live in the modern world where no man , woman or government can compel another man or woman to fight against their will . 
  that is slavery . 
  ** fact . 
  ** i 'm going to give you a list of words you clearly do not understand , and i recommend in order for you to not look like such a mentally incapable fuckwit in the future , not to use the following words ever again ; 1 . 
  individualism 2 . 
  reality 4 . 
  slavery 5 . 
  dream 6 . 
  utopian 8 . 
  mental 9 . 
  collapse 10 . 
  refuse you 're welcome . 
  so , they took a communist holiday and turned it into a ultranationalist one ... that 's russia for you . 
  if you think calling something a logical fallacy refutes it in any way , i present to you the logical fallacy fallacy . 
  and til most of europe is a utopia . 
  and i do n't think you know what pc means . 
  do n't get me wrong ; i * like * the idea of mandatory * training * . 
  i think everyone should have to opt-out of a year of military training . 
  but you do n't have to fight when you train . 
  train people , if they want to join the reserves at the end of the year , let them , or whatever . 
  i think a full year of training should give any military enough time to make its case to the trainees without the need to impose conscription on them . 
  goes to show the utility of manpads , well trained and well equipped infantry will always dominate urban combat . 
  the thing about history is that all the technology is generally much older and the circumstances are vastly different . 
  if finland thinks it can recreate the winter war then it 's sorely mistaken . 
   it 's easy to judge when you do n't share a border with an aggressive neighbour like russia that have invaded finland many times before . 
  of course it 's easy to judge !, 
  it 's conscription . 
  if anyone actually think conscription helps an army fight , they 're dead wrong . 
  all you need to do is look at how conscript armies fight i.e. 
  shit . 
  if you want to have a deterrent , encourage a large , volunteer , reserve force to compliment a volunteer , extremely well trained and equipped , volunteer army . 
  that 's distinctly different as a matter of economic policy , where cuts cause a strain on a service , and war where the sole goal is to kill or be killed . 
  that is n't the same logic at all . 
  i 've no problem welcoming the european , asian , american or arab ones , either . 
  do n't get me wrong , i still think he 's a huge piece of shit , but that 's a subjective opinion . 
  if we start imprisoning people because what we think they say is wrong , then where can it stop ? 
  i 've been on the other side of the fence , and the way i see it , i would n't want to be locked up for a minute for the beliefs i hold , no matter how wrong , or insulting , someone else perceives them to be . 
  i used to be an unapologetic racist ( believer in racial ideology , nationalism , the whole lot ) , and it 's only because i got exposed to an extremely wide range of other streams of thought that i managed to get out of that rut . 
  i know that if i was targeted for what i believed in at the time it would simply radicalize and solidify my thought process , no matter how flawed it really was . 
  and on the other hand , if this guy can be considered worth imprisoning one day , what if me for the beliefs i hold can be considered a similar offense one day ? 
  as martin niem\u00f6ller said ; first they came for the socialists , and i did not speak out -- because i was not a socialist . 
  then they came for the trade unionists , and i did not speak out -- because i was not a trade unionist . 
  then they came for the jews , and i did not speak out -- because i was not a jew . 
  then they came for me -- and there was no one left to speak for me . 
  i think these people are despicable , but if i ca n't bring myself to defend even the worst people in society , then i ca n't expect society to defend me . 
  that 's the evolution of the job market . 
  unless we want to intentionally lower the living standards of the working class by artificially keeping their wages as low as possible despite the increase in wealth/cost of living , it 's simply the evolution of the market that low skilled jobs are becoming less and less frequent as we become more developed and newer sources of cheap ( slave ) labour in south america , africa and asia keep opening up . 
  this is why it 's extremely important to have a heavily subsidized college education system so that children born into the working class can get educated enough to keep up with the pace of upskilling that will be required for them to continue to find jobs in the evolving market . 
  unfortunately , many governments around the western world have forgotten that fact and the population is suffering for it . 
  and daily / r/europe needs to have a good whine over it . 
  you do n't die when government mismanages taxation, 
  you do n't die if government accountants fuck up your taxes . 
  furthermore , on the note of taxes , everyone already pays for the security the military provides , so it 's not like the general population is not contributing to general security . 
  conscripts are nothing other than fodder in a real war . 
  if you want your country defended you 'll raise taxes and buy proper equipment , not inject more bodies into the meat grinder . 
  personally i think if the people are n't willing to fight for their country against foreign imperialists , then that country should n't exist in the first place . 
  mandatory training , i can get behind fully , but putting a gun in someone 's hand and forcing them to fight an enemy in a war they did not want to join is cruel under any circumstances and slavery is the only word i could use for it . 
  i agree with the ideals that he fought for , but he himself was an extremely brutal man - an arguably more extreme castro . 
  when castro is putting a leash on someone , you know he 's a bit of a mad dog . 
  he would 've mass executed anyone that resisted the revolution had he the opportunity . 
  i do n't defend the ussr , i 'm just arguing how this person can have such cognitive dissonance . 
  he praises the us as the paragon of virtue with one breath , then expresses values that are directly contrary to it in the next . 
  if you do n't like a political group , that 's fine . 
  but suppression only radicalizes politics and it 's undemocratic to its core . 
  if your people are n't willing to fight for your great country , then your country should n't exist . 
  forcing people to fight unwillingly is fundamentally wrong to its core . 
  congrats , you guys get all the mangos i planned on eating !, 
  you 'll probably get them cheaper , too . 
  conscription is slavery,
