  now , a refutation ? 
  well , ideologically i do n't see much of one , but in practicality there are a lot of issues - technology discrepencies , language barriers and who would contribute to a eu military budget ? 
  what about economically weaker and neutral nations ? 
  things like that . 
  well if we were all european , would n't all our interests align ? 
  what benefits one country benefits us all kind of deal ? 
  nato is an alliance , a european army would be ... an army . 
  not to mention the eu does n't like dealing with fractured states . 
  absolutely , local politics are far too important on a national level . 
  run for office . 
  most of the tech advances in recent history have come from research funded by the us military . 
  because believe it or not , the arms industry is pretty invested in advancing technologically . 
  i downvote serbians because the only shit i see from them is nationalists drivel , because the only time i see them come out to play is when discussion gets to the balkans and suddenly it 's like an invasion . 
  +13 from me ... y u logic ? 
  and the un in 2005 vindicated nato action by saying there was a systematic campaign of terror being carried out in kosovo . 
  and by the way , precedent is used in every justice system . 
  globally . 
  silence you nazi , you have done enough harm . 
  those were n't global in reach nor nearly as destructive, 
  the point * i 'm * making it though is that if russians were to threaten nukes if they were in a losing situation , nato would never push them that far in a war , so russia could never be in a losing situation . 
  so the question is what would nato forces give up in order to avoid that happening ? 
  if there was an existential threat to russia , as is the same for any nuclear power , they would absolutely use nukes regardless of what they 've `` agreed '' on , unless all nuclear weaponry was either under enemy control or handed over to a neutral third party , which would n't happen . 
   eu already said , that catalunya would n't be able to join . 
  can i see a source on that ? 
  i doubt the eu would forbid a separatist nation from joining unless it did n't fulfill the requirements of joining the union . 
  there 's no precedent on the matter so it 's quite up in the air . 
  the uk , i like to think , has been a very unique animal now for quite a few decades and , as you said , quite flexible with these kinds of movements . 
  the government has , in recent history , looked upon independence movements more as a parent letting their children grow into maturity , rather than with the eyes of a conquerer looking to preserve territorial integrity . 
  i think our shared experiences with ireland 's independence movement has taught the british government a lesson in this regard . 
  as you said , it 's quite flexible . 
  i 'm absolutely certain there 's a possibility that the russians may or may not attack . 
  anyways , it 's not outside the realms of possibility . 
  realistically , a conventional war would never be out of the question . 
  nuclear weapons would never be used in a normal state of affairs , and because of that russia ca n't realistically * lose * a war . 
  they 'd nuke us all if we marched into russia . 
  however , would the uk blow a nuclear weapon off if we lost lativa ? 
  i think not . 
  so , conventional warfare without possibility of either winning or losing ( because nato military literally shits all over russia , let 's not pretend here ) . 
  so with that said , i 'm sure everyone on both sides understands that , and with that understanding , would russia actually test nato ? 
  someone with putin 's ... `` democratic '' leanings ... at the head of an economically crashing country * always * looks for a foreign distraction to get people away from the issues and thus keep him in power . 
  after crimea , it 'll be ukraine . 
  after ukraine , where is he going to go ? 
  that 's the important question here , because * he will go somewhere * . 
  there is historical precedent - fuck , there is even modern precedent - and it will absolutely happen . 
  but there will be a point where he will run into the nato shield , and it could be sooner rather than later and he may well test it . 
  i know in ireland the president can indeed refuse to sign . 
  one of the most surprising things mary robinson did when she was president was send revisions of the documents back to the d\u00e1il , which was entirely unprecedented . 
  since then , while the usually just sign , presidents due reserve the right to not sign ( as well as dissolve the government ) . 
  there 'll be plenty of that . 
  i do n't see germany splitting up any time soon , nor poland or the scandinavian countries . 
  england is still densely populated and economically strong , with or without scotland , and france is the same even if it lost all its breakaway regions . 
  europe has never been big , but it 's always been populated and wealthy , which is ultimately what matters . 
  pooling of resources in a union budget will ultimately produce near enough the same results . 
  well , all the french was pretty uneccessary , but from what i understand it looks like this guy is saying that he does n't remember any other european country with a vaccine campaign like this , nor the us due to religious fundamentalists , and that he sees this working in croatia and that the rest of the eu will as such adopt the policy . 
  they were * unknowingly * exposed . 
  the idea is that there 's no point worrying about something over which nobody has knowledge of . 
  the idea that the vaccine was contaminated did n't come into anybody 's decision making process , people just got them because they did n't want to get sick or did n't get them for whatever reason . 
  catalonia 's economy is strong enough that it should be able to manage , * provided things do n't go terribly wrong * . 
  odds are there 'd need to be a lot of bilateral agreements because i doubt spain would let them into the eu . 
  there 's been one for centuries , it 's never really worked out . 
  geopolitics , and all that . 
  aussies are fairly pissy that they still have the union jack on their flag , are n't they ? 
  independence movements rarely look on the laws and constitution of the country they 're trying to break away from with any serious regard . 
  it does n't really matter if a constitution does n't allow for a breakaway , those separatists wont see it as applicable given that they want to be independent of that same constitution . 
  which is why there 's a need for european federalisation . 
  everyone has a right to self-determination , but one thing we can not argue is that together we are all stronger . 
  self-government within a greater union with a united foreign policy is the best longterm approach . 
  it 's specifically for eea non-eu members . 
  submitting candidacy does n't mean she 's there . 
  ever hear of vermin supreme ? 
  would n't surprise me in the slightest that was happening , turkey is a major regional power bordering a state in civil war , they 're going to be involved and there 's nothing we can really do about it except ask them to hold off , which they wo n't . 
  are you ok ? 
  actually the salute used varied from country to country . 
  and yes , fascists and national socialists are different in many different ways , but the fundamentals of a strong , totalitarian leader are a common factor . 
  oh damnnnnnnn how did i miss that one . 
  [ this is me right now ] ( http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_mcw1disf5f1qdvnal.gif ), 
  it builds up ties . 
  south america will be a powerful market in its own right when those countries all stabilise and develop . 
  they 'll remember their friends and if we have good relations be more amenable to influence , especially in regards to trade deals . 
  2.5 bn is really a token aid package and it 's something we can afford to send . 
  debt is constantly being negotiated and we 've finally started getting positive messages from the bond markets . 
  the situation of these mortgage holders is tragic - and unsustainable in the long run - but it would be far worse . 
  the one thing between these people and being on the streets would be negotiation with the banks that hold their debts , which would n't be happening if those banks were collapsing and calling everything in just so they could stay above water . 
  i 'm not a fan with how the bank guarantees were carried out - there was more than a bit of `` looking out for my buddies '' amongst the politicians and bankers there - but in principal bailing out some of the banks was important . 
  which is why you do n't need to worry about the tap closing any time soon . 
  we 'll achieve self-dependency within the union . 
  why not irish gas ? 
  we 're both right , here . 
  yes , they 're taxed like every other person , that is absolutely true , but unlike most irish people , many foreigners do not plan on settling and spending their life in ireland , as such much of the wages that they earn here will go unspent in ireland . 
  in the case of many eastern europeans working in low/unskilled jobs , that money can even get sent straight back to their families as opposed to being stored in an irish bank . 
  nobody is going to argue that these people are not taxed like a permanent irish resident . 
  but here 's the thing , irish people are both taxed and most live here on a permanent basis . 
  that money they earn in their job stays in ireland , gets spend in ireland , and stimulates irish economy much more so than someone who - yes , pays their taxes - then saves that money and sends it on home to poland , or finland or germany or wherever they are from . 
  look , i have no problem with people coming here , and working and living . 
  they 're entitled to that as citizens of the union . 
  that does n't mean they 're perfect or that they do n't present a problem in of themselves . 
  unless they 're planning permanent residence here , you can be sure that money is going to be saved and brought home as many intelligent expats do . 
  and i did n't know it was xenophobia to state that people coming from outside the country , making money and taking it back home meant that money was leaving the country !, 
  shocker , guess i 'm a raging racist . 
  now , let 's try having a conversation without you trying to resort to childish name calling , shall we ?
