  but keeping european airlines competitive . 
  if russia just bans all airlines from europe , a chinese airliner could just take off and go over russia and get everywhere quicker and cheaper than a european one . 
  it 's funny that you get downvoted because it 's true . 
  multiple threads on the same event hit the top on the daily basis if it 's a muslim committing a bad act . 
  hate crimes ? 
  [ europe is a peaceful and tolerant place and you do n't need to ruin that image , thanks ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2foh7h/arsonists_torch_bus_at_muslim_centre/ ) of course , fascists , nazis , and ultranationalists are cool in / r/europe as long as they hate either muslims or russians . 
  this is nothing short of nazi aplogism . 
  asserting that your childhood ignorance of what swastikas were is an accurate template to put onto adults in a country that was fucking invaded by the nazis is pure apologism and excuse making . 
  so it 's not like the guys in ukraine grandfathered in the fucking swastika and ss symbols , they know fully well what they mean , who they represent , and what they stand for and they 're using them anyways . 
  is that what they call the hundred people murdered by the yanukovych regime 's attack dogs , now ? 
  i 'd say a few of them . 
  edit : til if people die in a rebellion that they ca n't be nazis . 
  well , that 's what the ~ ~ nazi apologists ~ ~ informed and unbiased redditors downvoting me are telling me . 
  um , the only reason that still exists is because it 's been the finnish airforce symbol since long before the nazis and they decided to not let the taboo of nazi symoblism get in the way of such things . 
  right sector and other militant fascist organizations did the bulk of the fighting and ultimately lead the overthrow of the yanukovych regime . 
  does that mean that it was a fascist rebellion ? 
  nah , it was a popular one , and it depends on context how misleading it is when you say it was a `` fascist lead coup '' , and i 'm reserving my judgement on the political nature of the maidan revolt until the elections . 
  however , it is important to keep up with how the fascist and nazi elements within ukraine have been working politically ; that is , they 're pretty damn scary atm . 
  euromaidan press , which openly supports right sector , reported that rs threatened to take their guns and march on kyiv if their prisoners were n't freed from government jails . 
  as a result , a tonne of rs prisoners were let free . 
  they 're not some fringe element , they 're a very strong , militant force within ukraine that we should be actively working to subvert instead of playing a game of whataboutism where `` russia is worse '' or straight up ignoring them to start with . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  you 're telling me `` nato does n't have the time '' , i 'm telling you that 's simply not true . 
  nato - and nato member states - have been taking the time out of their lives to bomb the shit out of countries , quite ironically - in the context of this discussion - creating humanitarian situations instead of solving them . 
  and afghanistan as a defensive war ? 
  i do n't recall the state of afghanistan flying two planes into the twin towers , and what they asked for [ before handing bin laden over ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2001/oct/14/afghanistan.terrorism5 ) was one simple thing ; evidence that he did it . 
  which america would 've had absolutely no problem doing because he * did * do it . 
  but it did n't suit nato interests to do so . 
  they were there , might as well topple the taliban and put pro-western equivalents in charge . 
  back to the main point . 
  the statement that nato `` does n't have the time '' is simply not a real point . 
  the military budget of the nato states is larger than every other state in the world put together . 
  you 're telling me that the world 's largest and most well funded military force could n't maintain more than one small scale conflict at a time ? 
  all i 'm saying here is that if we 're going to buy into the bullshit that the actions taken by nato in fmr . 
  yugoslavia are humanitarian in nature , we should at least be consistent about it . 
  is that your only response ? 
  there have been conflicts going on for years , and years , and years all around the world that nato has had plenty of time to respond to . 
  they did n't all just pop up in 1999 out of nowhere . 
  the only reason nato decided to intervene in former yugoslavia is because it was in its military and political interests to do so . 
  not on a humanitarian mission , what a load of crap . 
  it had no problem taking the time to invade afghanistan and the coalition of the willing comprised of nato member states had no problem taking the time to invade iraq and bomb libya . 
  anyone who thinks nato is anything other than an organization that protects western hegemony does n't have a fucking clue . 
  a lot of people do n't understand that was a byproduct of the economic collapse of the soviet sphere towards the end . 
  the whole bread-line queues and shit . 
  most of the time there was no such problem - though i am not as informed on romania as other pact countries . 
  ceau\u0219escu [ was supported by the us ] ( http://articles.chicagotribune.com/1989-12-27/news/8903200987_1_nicolae-ceausescu-soviet-diplomat-romania ) and was constantly in opposition to the ussr . 
  the whole business of rations of bread and so on is quite similar to late 90 's russia , except instead of rationing food , they just let people starve to death . 
  why has n't it done airstrikes all around africa then ? 
  if it 's such a humanitarian force , that is . 
  plenty of mass murder and genocide to go around , where 's this benevolent , humanitarian force of nato ? 
  well who else is shelling the already separatist held cities in donbass ? 
  except for the fact that since that time the ukrainian military has been busy shelling its own people into oblivion . 
  what do you think they 're gon na think of ukraine then , hm ? 
  i would n't be surprised if at this stage the separatists had actual widespread , popular support . 
  that 's not how he works . 
  are you forgetting why nato exists ? 
  the answer is russia . 
  yeah , sure , let ukraine leave its alignment with russia and join the eu and eventually nato . 
  what 's russia just gon na say to that ? 
  `` oh hey guys it 's cool that you 're militarily and politically surrounding me , i do n't mind , it 's all good '' ? 
  anyone who knew russia , who knew how russia thinks in terms of foreign policy , knew how they would react . 
  it was hardly surprising that in reaction to losing their most valuable port they would seize it militarily and annex crimea . 
  it 's also hardly surprising that in order to make things difficult for ukraine to join * anything * that it would create a conflict elsewhere in the country . 
  we may not have toppled yanukovych ourselves , but we might as well have done so . 
  and that 's the reality . 
  our actions triggered maidan , and that was a giant fucking political miscalculation . 
  to pretend that western powers have n't pushed the current ukrainian regime into being what it is is like pretending the cia did n't create and then prop up all those brutal , genocidal dictatorships in asia , africa and latin america . 
  same shit , different day . 
  is this situation our fault ? 
  nope . 
  we may have done all of that , but russia also reacted by invading and annexing parts of the country instead of making a pivot on its foreign policy away from this great power syndrome and towards more friendly relations with us . 
  but there is more than enough share of the responsibility to go around . 
  anybody who knows the history of capital knows that dictators and authoritarian regimes are its best friend . 
  we need only look at latin america and africa over the past 100 or so years to see that . 
  people think that authoritarianism might clamp down on business ; it 'll just clamp down on people . 
  this is true . 
  ireland and india were colonized states 60 + years ago and had no desire to pursue a currency union , nor would it have made as much sense then as it does now with the financial markets being entirely different today to then , and with scotland and ruk being equally developed and intertwined economies . 
  you can not even begin to compare india , ireland , or any other ex-empire realms because they are not in a comparable situation . 
  simple as that . 
  yeah , it 's the people in favour of the self-determination who 're at fault , not the unaccountable markets . 
  well really it would be one of the richest countries in the world . 
  there 's all of asia , africa and south/central america to be above . 
  do n't worry guys , the market is * totally * based on sound economics and basis in current realities , not wild speculation . 
  yeah , they 've only been fighting over it for 94 years now , but sure we 'll figure it out in the next 6 . 
  kinda taken as a given , but yes . 
  universal disarmament . 
  we ( humanity ) have nearly killed ourselves so many times with these things that i 'm surprised this planet is n't a radioactive rock by now . 
  nuclear weapons are fucking stupid but so is unilateral disarmament . 
  only do away with our nukes when russia , china and the us agree to dismantle theirs . 
  [ did they learn from israel ? 
  ] ( http://i2.wp.com/www.loonwatch.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/07/israeli-embassy-twitter-images.jpg ), 
  does anyone really care , really ? 
  they could be committing hate crimes like attacking mosques or assaulting foreign looking people and nobody would actually give a shit . 
  yeah , the fn are n't extremist , sure . 
  the fact that anyone can say that with a hint of seriousness and still be considered sane is a serious indication that something has gone wrong . 
  this alienation from the political system is a result of the economics our society is based on ... why bother being politically active as the average citizen when money is power ? 
  the only time it really matters anymore is to stop extremists like fn getting into power . 
   also maggie was fine . 
  lol this is why scotland needs to split . 
  interrogate them and find them innocent .
