  giving it the middle finger is going to result in a giant fuck you . 
  a direct democracy is fundamentally flawed , majority rule is the lowest common denominator . 
  when the majority of a population is not capable of being fully informed on both sides of an issue , or even capable of recognizing there are even two sides to an issue , why would you want that same majority dictating how you live your life ? 
  exercise your power through voting in representatives . 
  when confronted with the issues of direct democracy , that 's what people came up with . 
  think of it like a senate filled with retirees . 
  yeah , that 's what i said , no freedom of press . 
  having all bilateral trade agreements axed and an economically isolated switzerland = any multinational interested in maximizing profits will leave . 
  i hope the eu takes a hardline approach to this . 
  if we do n't we 'll officially be giant pussies . 
  swiss chocolate . 
  when the decision is made by the lowest common denominator , you get a lot of stupid decisions . 
  nah , we also have referendums for any major decisions - eu treaties and constitutional changes . 
  useless to us , the smaller colliders will almost certainly be used as components for the bigger one , just like with the current one . 
  you do n't want to create a black hole anywhere near us . 
  oh ya some of the accents were terrible , and there are some `` liberties '' taken with history , but i think it captures collins as a person extremely well and it gets the general feeling down very well . 
  i liked twtstb but there was just something to it i did n't like it as much as michael collins . 
  guillotine clause . 
  much more beneficial to have it in the eu . 
  if switzerland is no longer part of any agreements with the eu , it makes working there much harder for multinationals . 
  tell that to apple , amazon , dell , intel , ibm , ebay , paypal , facebook , havok , logitech , microsoft , twitter , symantec , cisco , dropbox , hp and oracle . 
  almost every eu memberstate has restrictions on free speech . 
  no freedom of press is what it is . 
  you ca n't just ship an animal born in captivity out to the wild . 
  it 'll either die of starvation or get killed by predators . 
  it has no clue what it 's meant to do . 
  investment into space agencies has , in the past , had the highest economic and technological return on investment ( using nasa as an example ) . 
  most major technological advances have been made through investing in space travel . 
  i would n't say trillions , but i would n't be upset if our investment into space agencies crossed the 100 billion threshold . 
  as it is right now , it 's not even 10 . 
  this argument came up in the last thread . 
  the conclusion is that it does n't matter and either works . 
  there 's no country on the planet that 's going to deny a doctor looking for work entry into their country , because there 's no a country on the planet that has an excess level of medical staff . 
  freedom of movement is not the problem , poor living conditions in the source country is the problem and the only way you could stop high skill workers from leaving in this situation is by revoking their passports . 
  this would still be a problem if romania was n't in the eu , a broken system is broken , no matter what umbrella it resides under . 
  if somebody wants to leave a country they 're going to leave . 
  freedom of movement is not a barrier for a high skill worker trying to emigrate . 
  pretty much accurate reflects modern society . 
  social libertarian/authoritarian , i closed before i got the coords , but i believe i 'm inbetween the dalai lama and gandhi . 
  i answered yes to this . 
  or as close to yes as you can get . 
  let me explain the rationale ; statistics display that people of certain races behave in a certain way . 
  this does not mean they are genetically predisposed to do that , but statistics generally do not lie . 
  as opposed to a genetic issue , it 's more than likely a cultural or enviornmental one . 
  why do muslims in france commit more crime ? 
  not because they are muslims or because they are north african , it 's because they are generally working class and living in disadvantaged neighbourhoods , which makes them more prone to committing crime . 
  why are blacks in america more prone to commit crime ? 
  there are significant cultural issues , where there are large sections of the black population which do not believe in working to the same level of white people , due to the fact they feel they are `` owed '' something . 
  compound this with the fact that black neighbourhoods are working class , a 50 % unemployment rate , and that all middle or upper class blacks have moved to middle or upper class white neighbourhoods , the majority of the black population is raised in a place with a culture or gang crime , unemployment and poor academic achievement . 
  the statistics would show that blacks commit more of almost every crime . 
  it 's not genetic , but that does not mean there are no reasons for it - again , culture and enviornment . 
  it 's not that i 'm racist , i take each individual that i meet on their merits , but if i were a shop owner i would keep up to date with the statistics and keep a wary eye on `` suspect individuals '' , or if i were out late at night i 'd be more careful to avoid areas with a high level of that sort of person . 
  thankfully , ireland generally does n't have a race problem so it 's something i rarely if ever need to think about . 
  foreigners or people with cultural differences integrate extremely well here , with the only exception being the traveler or `` irish gypsie '' community , who 've been here as long as we have . 
  93 % of this sub is european . 
  poland can into / r/europe ? 
  i 'm not seeing the problem . 
  unless it 's one of the two endangered giraffe species , then it 's no different to killing any other animal that we so routinely kill . 
  obviously , if someone wants to take it in , there 's no reason not to let that happen and let it become their problem . 
  well i do n't really know any movie that describes my country as it is , but * michael collins * and * the wind that shakes the barley * are very good at explaining our war for independence and civil war . 
  given that it took them about 25 years to build the last one and that 's supposed to last about 20 years itself , they would want to start working on the new collider soon . 
  poland can into space, 
  nobody , really . 
  all the ethnic germans were booted out of kalingrad and what was left was a small lithunaian minority . 
  / r/polandball, 
  `` making peace , i have found , is much harder than making war . '', 
  - gerry adams during the peace talks in the north, 
  research into the space industry can actually cause indirect benefits to the energy sector . 
  if you want a technological return on investment , you always invest in space . 
  they 're the most militarized country in europe . 
  afraid of turkey . 
  the swiss is performing well because they 're most of the economic benefits of being an eu member state without actually being one . 
  free trade being a primary thing here . 
  the guillotine clause would fuck switzerland so much there might be a knee-jerk reaction to go back to the way it was , at which point the eu would say `` if you want what you had , you need to join '', 
  yes . 
   huh , the poster on the right makes it look like the nice tree is strangling and destroying switzerland . 
  that 's the point . 
  it 's advocating to stop mass immigration . 
  costs a couple thousand lives , but i suppose that 's nothing, 
  unfortunately it wont be sooner . 
  i do n't see why we should n't let mediterranean countries in . 
  estimated public infrastructure in county cork alone has cost is in the region of 100m euro atm , probably gon na get worse . 
  orange warnings issued to ; dublin , louth , wexford , wicklow , waterford , meath , cork and kerry . 
  yellow wind warnings issued to ; cavan , monaghan , donegal , carlow , kildare , kilkenny , laois , longford , offaly , westmeath , clare , limerick , tipperary , and connacht . 
  http://www.irishexaminer.com/analysis/fighting-the-flood-must-be-a-priority-257539.html another article on the floods and what they could mean . 
  cork is always a flood zone !, 
  hopefully the dam does n't fuck up like a few years back , stay safe !, 
  because it 's a student protest . 
  absolutely . 
  they should not get to decide who gets to become eu citizens though . 
  that is not for sale . 
  yes, 
  biannual is twice a year , which usually implies every 6 months, 
  it 's a biannual survey , so , yeah . 
  we 'll get another about halfway through this year and another at the end . 
  i slightly editorialized the title . 
  hope you do n't mind ... 
  it 's `` hundreds of families '' . 
  due to the large area effected over a thousand is definitely highly likely , especially as floods are expected to continue and worsen . 
  here are some pictures http://i.imgur.com/7a1s9x4.jpg http://imgur.com/a/tc0yl http://i.imgur.com/0zmuza4.jpg http://i.imgur.com/fhmj1uh.jpg also , [ limerick is being evacuated ] ( http://www.rte.ie/news/2014/0201/501557-weather/ ) property damage is in the millions , and the insurance companies have denied the effected areas payouts as they have previously refused to cover these people for flood insurance .
