  and must i add , it 's incredibly outdated . 
  soviet migrants have been issued alien passports as identification and travel documents ( visa to eu and russia are not required ) . 
  they can also vote in local elections , but not in the parliamentary ones . 
  meanwhile , a lot of them have learnt estonian language and taken estonian citizenship , and some have taken russian citizenship . 
  i 'm talking about the post-soviet space . 
  i mean , belarus ' accepted russian nationals in country , which had a heavy percent ( nearly 13 % ) of them before . 
  that 's it 's choice . 
  eesti did n't accept them , and required them to either estonify instantly , move away , or have rights cut and be not even a minority , but some sort of aliens . 
  that 's their choice . 
  i 'm just talking about the first choice looks far more justified - i mean , you would n't make a guy , who lived in a town legally for like twenty years and considers himself local , an alien , because he is not of local heritage ? 
  it surely had political resons , and political consequences . 
  batjka had no reasons to fuck up belarus ' and russia 's connections after he just allowed a huge amount of russian people become belarussian citizens . 
  now that would seem crazy . 
   that was in 1934-1940 , when most of europe was autocratic or outright dictatorships . 
  i mean , compared to nazi germany and soviet union , estonia was still rather mild . 
  today , belarus is called the last dictatorship of europe . 
  context matters here . 
  imagine . 
   and the only way to do that is having a dictatorship ? 
  also , belarus is more dependant on russia than just ` trade and visiting agreements ' . 
  most of its economy is heavily dependant on russia , not to mention military or even politics , for that matter . 
  belarus can not turn away from russia , even if it wanted to . 
  so , if it ca n't turn from russia , then what 's batjka 's fault about making good relations with them ? 
  i mean , you would n't spit in the face of people you depend on . 
  it also could be a possible reason for him lasting that long . 
  it 's not like he is holding an entire country on gunpoint , it 's just his current `` try to get something better from both sides '' politics opposing to either pro-russian or pro-european possible opposition . 
   what the hell are you talking about here ? 
  [ i do n't know , something about non-citizens . 
  ] ( http://www.osce.org/hcnm/30454?download=true ), 
  that moment when the dream of wales/island finals ca n't be even half made . 
  still congrats to portugal , great job . 
  oh , sorry , up until you said about belarus i thought you were talking about konstantin pats . 
  here 's some [ footage ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zfleltnsjie ) from the previous year 's maidan in minsk . 
  too bad that people are silenced and nobody dares to say a thing about those russian overlords . 
  also sucks that a leader of a smaller country with a huge amount of people considering themselves of russian origin did n't want to instantly break up with his larger neighbor , and made up trade and visiting agreements with it . 
  should 've just shove the fuckers who lived there for decades out without giving them rights to stay or allowing them to change their citizenship and get new papers . 
  to be honest , batjka is an incredibly based and far-sighted politician . 
  as far as i know he refuses the `` one side or another side '' ideas , and prefers doing what 's best to his country . 
  kudos to that man . 
  wow , i 've never known freedom of movement only has impact on foreign employees . 
  i thought it was about moving to another country without the need of customs . 
  like in those cities positioned on exact borders , so one part of city belongs to one country and the other part to the second one . 
  thanks for elaborating , now it looks like a really important thing to me . 
  can you clarify , does freedom of movement mean `` you have to be checked and registered to move to another country '' or `` you ca n't move to another country without very special reason and/or visa ? '', 
  for example ( not sure about current procedure ) 4 years ago you could easily move from ukraine to russia with just your passport for like half of a year just passing the customs and then updating your status after three month . 
  does this count as free movement , or not ? 
  really hoped for iceland to win the tournament . 
  still an awesome job , they did great . 
  guess now it 's time to root for wales . 
  georgia will attend . 
  ca n't let these sunni 's have all the fun , you know, 
  god it 's so much happening, 
  georgia will attend the event for sure . 
  gon na make dagestan a rich and blooming region . 
  great match , wales . 
  stay strong and good luck to you , mates . 
  thanks , man , that sounds great !, 
  do n't worry , i 'm still loyal as heck . 
  and the score part is actually not important and was just a matter of curiousity . 
  the vassal of mighty ottoman empire , georgia , wlil participate . 
  by the way , if i wo n't be able to achieve independance this round , then i 've lost and should change nation ? 
  or is the rule only forced if i picked it during the first round ? 
  i am ok with playing a vassal nation as well as pretty like georgia 's place in current game . 
  and , by the way , do vassal nations deserve their place in ranking list , or they count as their owning nations ? 
  yep . 
  the most unbiased and trusted source of information . 
  there was an analysis , gon na try to translate it . 
  on 36th second of the video you can see a cross on the floor . 
  the boys push the cross with their legs . 
  on 1 ; 05 the dancers crawl behind the boy on their knees shaking their knees , that can possibly symbolise the guardian of hell cerberus . 
  in `` rosemary 's baby '' ( 1968 , filmed by roman polanski ) a wizard masked as captain makes similiar clockwise hand gestures as the dancing kids ( look at second 51 ) . 
  the scene on the ship ends up with rosemary , the faithfull catholic nun gets impregnated with antichrist . 
  yura himself makes specific gestures similiar to the ones capellmeisters make . 
  he is faced to the public , which can be interpreted as him manipulating not the orchestra , but the viewers . 
  watching on scene from the viewers side shows you a cross turned upside down - the symbol of antichrist . 
  the last third of the song is performed with female soprano voice , which can be a references to androgynous nature of antichrist . 
  during this part , the dancing kids point their fingers on viewers , which can be translated as `` we will enslave your souls '' . 
  the music is weird mix of usual pop music , dungeon-synth and even true black metal during the last 20 seconds . 
  there is a phrase `` volshebnyi krolik risuet melom nolik '' ( magical rabbit draws a zero with chalk ) . 
  zero symbol , which is also a round circle , has been commonly used in occult rituals . 
  by the way , in belorussian version of the song the rabbit draws not the circle , but the little cross ( charouny trusik vivodzic ' kreidai plusic ) , which is a referens to orthdox cross . 
  at this point , the overlord refused to sing about cross , and insisted the song to be changed to `` charouny krolik malue kreidai nolik '' . 
  while signing the forms of participant , yura noted , that his favourite books were master and margarita ( for those who does n't know : the book touches the occult and religious themes . 
  it 's also a really a nice russian book , and i strongly recommend everyone to read it ) and holy bible . 
  he also participated in church choir earlier , so he probably knows latin . 
  no way he `` just randomly thought about '' etis atis animatis . 
  the surname , demidovich , has similiarities with following used in russia names : * dementy ( dementius , from latin `` insane '' ) * demid or diomid ( ruler by the will of dion - zeus , who is considered a demon in christianity , like all the other pagan gods . 
  * demien ( from latin `` conquirer '' ; just like son of satan in south park or main character from `` omen '' film ) during the performance near moscow a huge storm formed . 
  a schoolboy was killed by a fallen tree , and a lot of infrastructure has been destroyed . 
  in 2009 , the overlord was supposed to sing during the visit of patriarch of moscow and entire russia kirill . 
  however , the patriarch got late for unknown reasons , so they did n't meet . 
  nobody knows if we are blessed or doomed now . 
  there is also a pretty good flash game about it , not sure if the rules allow to share the links tho . 
  if anyone wants to play that , pm me for link , but it 's literally a trash flash about magical rabbit . 
  obligatory not-native-speaker-bear-with-me, 
  i am honored by your offer , your majesty , but , as we commonly say in our lands , once you gave someone your word of honor , you must act accordingly to it . 
  my fascination of the empire can only be overwhelmed with my profound sorrow from being unable to serve for the glory of emperor of the rising sun , and i deeply anticipate the moment when our nations grow so large and wealthy that we can sign the peace treaty that will lead to the golden ages of enlightment and sufficiency . 
  played a few games with fellas , still being pretty low-skill , yet now i 'm ready to pawn some savages . 
  / u/rhaktor , you still have transcaucasia free and ready ? 
  probably finland .
