  god u r so intolerant die in hell '' . 
  please more space missions , i wish our descendants could live on other planets freely . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ wish ^ ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ ^ had ^ ^ ^ ^ descendants, 
  well , that 's sad . 
  hope his family will be alright . 
  are we going to get alt-right now ? 
  i am not even sure who would be more powerful - spanish prime minister or memes . 
  would bet on memes tho , as long as they are the defending side . 
  nonsense , is go towards lead prosper , no thinking into choose ignore seat . 
  [ ayy , let 's party , tovaristch !, 
  that show is so hip , everyone is talking about it, 
   43 comments  open the post  3 comments visible , 1 branch hidden ai n't gon na open that one . 
  on the subject , politics aside , the earthquakes are a huge disaster , and the aftermath should be cleared with everything available . 
  stay strong , italians . 
  [ yeah it 's just warm and cosy in here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/10m4qbk.gif ), 
  would it be ok to call it \u0427\u0435\u0445\u0438\u044f ( chechia ) talking to locals?i just find czech republic a little bit too heavy . 
  good god , i would n't sail the thing anyways . 
  who am i , a seaman ? 
  i would just place it in my garage on my caravel account . 
  if it makes you feel better , i would totally get a caravel for a buck if one was offered . 
  also most current politics are just so meme now that while reading about all of that stuff i can only think about sitcom shows . 
  `` you see , ivan , you can punish kids two times fast if you hit kid with other kid '', 
  yeah , i remember reading some durrell 's book about them digging teporingos from popocatepetl . 
  are those rabbits still inhabitating the surface and surroundings of the volcano ? 
  i know right , they are the only country that has their flags on the moon !, 
  is n't it an achievement ? 
  and pour concrete inside !, 
  no way the opressors can reach us now , huh ? 
  i thought the usage of surstr\u00f6mming in warfare has been banned as completely inhuman , was n't it ? 
  but somebody has to post memes if your hands are broken !, 
  not gon na play for the rest of session i guess , as i 'm leaving for vacation . 
  thus , georgia is now free to use . 
  best luck to participants , it was an amasing run . 
  [ * chernoslovakia ] ( https://youtu.be/gdgdw0kvcpk?t=17 ), 
  georgia will try to attend , but i 'm not sure if it 'll be able to . 
  next week for sure , tho . 
   however , what i meant here was that even as a member of all those ex-ussr trade and customs alliances ( cis , eau ) , they could have more independent foreign policy ( kazakhstan being an example of that ) . 
  now that 's not possible as belarus relies on cheap resources and loans from russia . 
  well , kazakhstan is much larger and can rely on hydrocarbones exports , which is , sadly , the primary way of making money there , in the east . 
  belarus ' was relying on agriculture , which took a huge hit after chernobyl incident . 
  of course , it also had industrial complexes , yet they were working as part of ussr infrastructure before the fall of soviet union , and had to be heavily modified to be launched at full efficiency with local resources . 
   but that does n't make him a great guy . 
  to be honest , and that 's my personal opinion , great guys do n't make good politicians . 
  politics are a dirty business , and if you try to follow genleman 's code , you will be biting the dust really soon . 
  yes , it would be nice to have a perfect society with truthful and kind leaders , but it just does n't work . 
  goes like communism , if everyone were cooperating that would be great , but with real people it will just be awful and rotten . 
   indeed , which is why i found it stupid for belarus to not have kept it as the only official language . 
  it would have strenghtened national identity , while still keeping it very easy to communicate with russians . 
  well , that 's a point . 
  i would be completely for doing that , if it was done over a span of multiple decades , starting with teaching belorussian in kindergardens and schools extensively . 
  i really like the american system - people come knowing english on a basis level , yet their kids learn english from everything around them - media , kids ' groups , etc. , and know it much better than their parents . 
   well , who would they trade in black sea ? 
  bosporus and dardanelles could be used to transition to europe . 
  would also probably lead to relations improvement between turkey and belarus . 
   russia can offer its ports for belarus , of course , but it would demand longer , less efficient , routes . 
  politically , they might do that , but economically , it 's stupid . 
  well , it 's not optimal , yet could be done with some proper road-building . 
  the railroad could also be an economically justified way . 
   lukashenka is so innovative , i have heard no other leaders in world that could discover a sea and start growing food there so quickly . 
  well , there is probably something fishy there , yet seafood is seafood . 
  as long as it 's not gmo our people are gucci with that . 
   why only in such extremes ? 
  they did n't need to pull out completely , nor did they have to prepare to become an oblast of russia . 
  you ca n't both have and not have relations with another country . 
  you ca n't make a trade agreement that does n't have influence to political situation . 
  you probably could do the oposite way ( have political relations without trading ) but it would be far less clever , and , basically , wasting diplomatic power for nothing . 
   i 'm not saying anything they should do , that 's all up to them to decide . 
  i 'm only saying how belarus is seen abroad . 
  well , there are thousands ways belarus could be more pro-russian , like not using their native language , accepting ukraine politics , greater deals on foreign goods sanctioned . . 
  the thing that batjka does n't want to fuck up with any of his diplomatic partners should n't make him incredibly pro-russian , more like overall aware and diplomatic . 
   there 's a very clear reason why estonia did it - most of russians spoke no estonian and followed only russian media ( and most still do ) . 
  how do you imagine a country where 1/3 citizens do n't even speak the official language and get their information from a foreign ( unfortunately , also often hostile ) country ? 
  it would n't be a very stable one politically , i can tell you that . 
  it was pretty good in ukraine , for example , for like 20 years , up until the recent events . 
  far more stable than currently . 
  people were slowly assimilating up until shit hit the fan . 
  also belorussian belong to the same cyrillic group of languages as russain , which allows the users to understand each other pretty close even without much knowing of the other language . 
  estonian language , by the way , requires it 's full knowledge , making it more prioritized to learn once you establish the native language entertainment and learning processes . 
   of course not , but nor is it very reasonable to create a barrier in the west , considering eu is the world 's largest economic bloc . 
  and well , belarus ' sea access lies there aswell . 
  well , it 's a matter of dictatorship and democracy again . 
  basically , belarus did n't want to chage it 's laws , which halted the trade relations with the western block . 
  if belarus ' did n't have trade with eastern partners , that would be shattering for their economy . 
  that way , however , it lead to slight decrease of possibilities and increase of misunderstandings . 
  also belarus sea access could lie in any of neighbouring countries ( black sea from ukraine , baltic sea from russia ) and does not belong exclusively or even extensively in eu . 
  by the way , since the sanctions took place , there were sightings of belorussian seafood , such as sea shrimps or fish on russian market , which led to forming of an elusive entity called `` belorussian sea '' . 
  it probably exists , yet nobody knows where it is , since belorussian sea is probably covered with camouflage fabric to make it invisible from satellites . 
   that 's the man who 's been ruling the country since 1994 . 
  he ca n't turn away from russia now because he himself has trapped belarus into such situation . 
  well , considering that right after belarussian independance it was , i believe , much more dependant , since both countries were essentially one and shared infrastracture , it still goes for better ? 
  like , they could bite the bullet and pull out completely , but that would lead to much harder economical and political life of a country during the next 15-20 years . 
  a harsh price to pay just to say `` i 'm not with russia ! '' . 
   it 's hard to get more pro-russia than belarus today . 
  yes , luka might have not followed putin on everything regarding ukraine recently , but otherwise , it 's not rare to hear belarus to be a puppet state of russia . 
  what should they do else , install nato military bases ? 
  like , they have separate economics ( with russia depending on belarus with import by the way , since the sanctions ) , separate look on politics . 
  yes , batjka allows russian troops to stay in country . 
  does this count as puppetry ? 
  there are numerous foreign american bases around the world , yet nobody counts the owning countries as puppet states . 
   you have a 20 year old report on the issue of soviet migrants in estonia .
