  and i 'd play in yet another metal name with logo being unreadable ormament of words and bones . 
  i think we banned internet memes about celebrities . 
  not sure about that , tho , as there are as much of them as before . 
  i guess it 's just like in this subreddit - there is officially rule against memes , but as long as you do n't shitpost completely , you will be fine posting a picture or a pair of them once in a while . 
  yeah , every ship can swim . 
  like , you can throw a stick in the river and it will still swim . 
  going down with style - that 's what matters . 
  was the ship vasa named after him ? 
  you know , because that ship is really badass . 
  well , i was certainly fascinated for ethiopian way of blade while reading that post , and now i get to read it from ethiopian player perspective ? 
  amazing !, 
  my thanks to you , man . 
  thanks , comrade , that dmitry is based as a true rurikovich for sure, 
  god , thanks , man , i 'm less spooked now . 
  the . jpg seems pretty misleading for a thing that literally changes depending on who looks at it . 
  woah , that 's plenty of content . 
  got ta keep me busy for a weekend . 
  thanks for giving me a hint , now it 's fictional history time !, 
  gon na mark this comment and probably join next game , as i 've really forgotten the way the game plays . 
  will reinstall tomorrow and probably get a grip on this . 
  also thanks for offer , man , next time count on me . 
  i sure would , but i 'm a terrible strategies player . 
  i was also initially scared of controls and stopped learning , but every now and then feel the urge to reinstall it and give it another go . 
  still like them stories . 
  players , i beg you , post cool stories from the game during the play . 
  last game was amasing , there were a bunch of really well-written tales . 
  i actually associate him with south park parody about raising the bar . 
  it just happened that i heard about him about the same time i watched avatar for the first time ,, 
  to be honest , for a first like half of year i first heard about cameron being pm in great britain , i thought `` well , that guy who filmed avatar sure knows how to make political carreer '' . 
  wait , intersvyaz ? 
  that 's my provider , and it is located in chelyabinsk region of russia !, 
  how do you make such magic ? 
  guille 's theme goes with everything , even swedish debate theme . 
  damn that is dank . 
  and there goes my conspiracy theory paranoia . 
  you could throw stones, 
  the department supposed to restrict access to malicious resources , that quickly went to scorching earth-que tactic banning entire domains on a first sight . 
  like , they once banned wikipedia because there was information about weed . 
  they also fight with piracy , but without much success . 
  for example , there was a rutracker portal about torrenting that used to cooperate with rightsholders and delete the content if asked . 
  after roskomnadzor went full apeshit on this service , it just went from russian domain zone and stopped cooperating . 
  well , at least more people know about vpn and proxies now . 
  as a guy living in a country with working roskomnadzor , that might be not the smartest idea . 
  obhodee etu shelupon ' !, 
  remove big mac , strong france, 
  i do n't know , man , trump looks like a pretty cool guy . 
  but we do n't do fake referendums !, 
  let me correct you on this question . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ 2 ^ ^ ^ ^ airshows , ^ ^ ^ ^ 2 ^ ^ ^ ^ happy ^ ^ ^ ^ corrections ^ ^ ^ ^ left, 
  not yet , comrade , last time i checked we still require 2 more friendly airshows and 3 happy corrections of accusing media mistakes . 
  oh come on , portugal , you 've [ successfully protected your natas recipe from commies ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4ktnkm/portuguese_spy_caught_passing_nato_secrets_to/ ) . 
  is n't it relevant ? 
  `` of shittings , fyodor , we told you to get natas secrets , not nato ! '', 
  `` nah , ai n't gon na do that , it 's a real crime '', 
  show additional results, 
  well , i hope that 's not a common case for sweden . 
  like , there are always some special opinions from a few special people , but it 's not frequent . 
  can anyone local reassure me in this ? 
  nah , it 's not silent . 
  i heard about it twice yesterday , and i do n't even watch tv much . 
  it 's just did n't go as `` ahh yes we won we russki so strong suck it everyone '' , participants were nice guys giving interviews and commending their opponents . 
  like , you know , how it usually happens . 
  630g = 4,2 euros , not sure if the price is right tho as it was found online . 
  possibly in + -20 % range . 
  spy bears . 
  the spy bears will disguise themselves as normal bears , and slowly alcoholize the population of baltic countries by selling vodka cheaper than official vodka stores do . 
  a brazier , 2 kilos of marinated meat , some random veggies and drinks ranging from booze to juices depending of age and intentions of participants . 
  ok , souther urals mate here , counts as asian yet on the west of it . 
   are there big differences culturally between east/west ? 
  nah , everything except the pace of life and prices and amount of people on the streets is the same as , for example , moscow . 
   are there big differences culturally between east/west ? 
  we have less different nationalities in total , but bigger amounts of the ones present . 
  they are total bros by the way , sometimes i really feel scared about all those like religious and cultural problems the western parts may have . 
  or it 's probably only locals live there , who 've learnt to tolerate each other after a pretty long period . 
   what is your least favorite/most favorite thing about west russia ? 
  most : damn westerners have quality timezones . 
  for example , to watch numerous sports events i have to stay awake till 2 or 3 a.m. 
  feels bad . 
  vladivostok guys feel this even more , i believe . 
  least : they live so close to each other that most of them think that things like 10 hours ride is already pretty damn long . 
  my moscow friends are always like `` omg we had to ride by train for like 18 hours , damn that 's a lot ! '', 
  well you know what i had to ride there for 3 days and it was not so bad . 
  vladivostok guys - you know the drill . 
   how do you view your government 's policies , foreign or otherwise ? 
  sceptical to all policies . 
  like , if those people were bobs rosses of politics they would never take their place there . 
  politics are a dirty business everywhere . 
   does moscow neglect the east ? 
  not on our level . 
   how do you view the rest of europe ? 
  i am a bit baffled about the social justice warriorship thingy and the migrant crisis , yet otherwise it 's good i guess . 
  been to baltic countries ( sweden , finland , estonia ) and spain - beautiful countries , nice people . 
  good god . 
  my condolences , sweden . 
  but you wo n't get style-points from ` mirers in marshrutka with your usual phone !, 
  oh no , there is electric current in my bed !, 
  is n't that an offshore plant country ? 
  gives me late metal gear solid vibes . 
  that 's some dark souls level of metal cathedral . 
  man , there is literally [ russian cartoon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_enchanted_boy ) based on the book , and it was popular even during my millenial childhood .
