  both countries recieve the same benefit . 
  in regards to migrants , the uk is still a more desirable place than france . 
  with france 's new leadership , i doubt he would do anything if it meant the uk succeeding . 
  he seems to really want to throw away our relationship . 
  `` the new french president spoke openly during his campaign about renegotiating the le touquet treaty , a landmark accorde under which the uk frontier is legally located in calais . '', 
  i do n't trust that macron will actually be fair with brexit , as he has claimed , as it seems his solution to the french migrant crisis is to remove the border agreement and export migrants to britain . 
  regardless of the politics behind this , the free movement of goods across the channel is vital for the economies of both countries , and destroying the agreement will put the economies of both regions at risk . 
  i hope the best for frances future under macron , and i hope he proves me wrong . 
  i worry that he is just another neo-liberal , but i hope that he will create effective change and retain the relationship between france and britain and two equal partners working towards a better future . 
  i find the wording of the headline title strange . 
  admits ? 
  we * know * that macron does n't like our border agreement . 
  i think i remember seeing a survey that showed france had the highest number of euroskeptics within the entire eu , moreso than britain . 
  we have nearly as many rabid remainers as we do rabid brexiteers . 
  there is n't any of that . 
  we are about to get one of the strongest ( read , majority ) governments we have ever had . 
  i think the majority of the shit show has been media hype and eu spite . 
  of course , our pm resigned , and we are in a snap election , but we are still stable and strong . 
  the effects have been overstated and exagerated , and i 'm just choosing to remain strong in the face of adversity . 
  even if brexit has personal effects on my life , ` such is life ' . 
  i think the uk is the second largest user of reddit . 
  but real life interactions are almost definitely more valid . 
  it 's poltical cartoons . 
  look at some political cartoons from the 1910 's , it 's not a matter of artistic showmanship , it 's a matter of getting a point across . 
  it 's difficult to summarize what tens of millions of people want . 
  you wo n't get , and should n't expect clear concise detail from the actual voters . 
  the problem is , if the government makes any promises now , then they will be fucking their own future plans . 
  once may wins , she will likely put a plan into place . 
  really , the outcome of brexit is entirely in the hands of the eu . 
  the eu big wigs need to decide if they are going to spite britain ( seems like its going that way ) , accomadate britain ( not in a million years ) , or simply be pragmatic and act according to their interests as an economic body ( probably not gon na happen either ) . 
  neo-liberal does not equal liberal . 
  if were getting into semantics , then nearly all western politicians are liberal . 
  i do n't think le pen would have the power or ability to force a reformation of the eu . 
  not because she is incapable , but because the eu wo n't listen to those they brand populist . 
  so , how does the french system work ? 
  are you saying you want a more british system or something ? 
  the thing is , whenever people try to stop this from happening , to try and save the western world , they are branded racists and evil and so on . 
  the western world has no one to blame but itself for it 's upcoming ruin . 
  if we do n't start thinking about our own interests soon , and acting upon them , then we are fucked . 
  this idea that gdp growth is representative of things getting better is a myth . 
  the vast majority of nations experience gdp growth . 
  it is a natural thing that happens , not a symptom of things getting better . 
  and no , it 's not tied to immigration either . 
  i 'll see if i can find the relevant studies , but gdp is not something to base that bet off . 
  her election meant the death of the eu , and this sub is n't / r/europe , it 's / r/eu . 
  he 's not wrong , the question is just would you rather a opportunist hollande 2.0 more interested in spiting political opponents and enforcing even more bureaucracy , or a representative of the most racist party in western europe . 
  by far the largest denomination of christianity is catholicism , and by far the largest denominiation of islam is sunni . 
  catholics are far , far , far more liberal than sunnis . 
  none of these politicians represent the will of the people . 
  macron gains support because the alternative is apparenlty worse , le penn gains support because of her policies . 
  `` lol , people caring about foreign politics , what idiots ! '', 
  this is n't a victory , macron is n't good either , he is just the apparent better alternative . 
  do n't praise him . 
  this wo n't end populism , have you learned nothing ? 
  the largest party in scotland , the snp , is populist !, 
  le pen is very much working against her image as a racist . 
  she is part of a racist party , but i do n't think she is racist . 
  she is only called racist because it is easy to do so . 
  le pen is plenty competent too , it 's not like shes some wasted failed politician . 
  shes like donald trump but smart and speaks well . 
  we would take a soft brexit if the eu allowed it , but they wo n't , so we will take a hard brexit . 
  the eu wo n't play ball with us , so we 're out . 
  when are n't they ? 
  but seriously , i 'm fed up of hearing about t_d . 
  i 'm not subbed there for a good reason , why are you guys so obsessed with what a bunch of neckbeards think ? 
  i do n't even know why i 'm subbed here . 
  it 's not / r/europe , it 's / r/leftwingeurope or / r/eucirclejerk . 
  this is n't `` right is bad , left is good '' , this is a bunch of politicians yet again taking advantage of people , and one of them always wins . 
  maybe 80 % of french are glad . 
  i think it will only get worse with macron . 
  that 's democracy for ya . 
  no , it is the eu 's policies that are the problem . 
  the media does n't help , but the eu is n't exactly helping themselves provide a good image . 
  they just come across as incompetent and ignorant buerocrats and generic opportunist politicians who are glorified by subs like this , just like the donald . 
  when half it 's leaders are casually dismissing entire countries languages and cultures , they will never succeed at this . 
  it 's so easy to see the eu as some grand plan that considers only the rich and powerful , and i can see why people are euroskeptic these days . 
  to us , they are all the same . 
  uhh , i 've got news for you bud . 
  we 're talking about france . 
  but not macron 's either . 
  he is going to cause a lot of problems for british people , mostly out of spite . 
  ... never miss a chance to shit on those less fortunate than yourselves . 
  just come out and say it , you take pleasure from our pain . 
  diane abott is a uk left wing opposition politican in line to become shadow home secretary . 
  she fucked up an interview by claiming her party would pay for 10,000 police officers with # 300,000 , and then she massively underestimated her own parties election losses in parliament . 
  nice one :p, 
  i do n't see anything wrong with nations putting their own economy and profits over continental profits . 
  they had a vote and they used it , and yet you criticise them for using it ? 
  maybe a country does n't agree with the comprimises that the eu is allocating to them , but just gets threatened with a ruined economy for leaving , because pro-eu states and politicans will try to block and stagger the process of leaving . 
  at the end of the day , only everyday people suffer . 
  many american companies already have hq 's in dublin , notably apple , who the eu recently tried to force them to pay a fine to ireland , who supported apple and did n't want the fine money . 
  no , it happens anyways . 
  it 's no secret that the eu wants to centralize further , with the creation of a military and become more and more like a unitary state than a confederation . 
  as the eu becomes more simlified , the voices of member states become less effective at change . 
  are you seriously claiming that the voices of member states are reduced and that it * only happens if your politicians are anti-eu * ? 
  do n't forget our politicians are pro-eu , we had our mep and ex-mayor of london alongside a handfull of other mp 's against the rest of the government . 
   and then your `` leaving '' the eu probably just means you will be losing any kind of voting rights the state will of course lose voting rights , but we know that , it 's pretty fucking obvious . 
  and if the eu superstate gets its way , then we wo n't remain in the single market . 
  i feel like your trying to spin a simple statement of fact that the previous commentor made into some anti-brexit argument . 
  a surprising amount of people do n't vote so some government in europe can give them money .
