  in england we are told by our northern neighbours that we are the source of their problems . 
  we are told by the world that celebrating our identity is wrong , whilst scots are told the opposite . 
  we as * people * are portrayed as antagonists to progress and antagonists to society . 
  we are made to feel like absolute shit , and it 's made worse by seeing the massive amount of support scotland receives for decisions just as emotive as leaving the eu . 
  i support a union between our two great countries because my national identity is forbidden . 
  all i have to hold onto is the belief that our little island can stay united , and fight through whatever adversaries come our way as brothers , like we used to . 
  and for the record , i 'd like to see a pan - euro union run very differently than the current eu . 
  i 'm interested to know why you think the eu is more left wing than the uk ? 
  err , could you point me to some sources that show the uk government trying to push a pan - brittanic ideal ? 
  scots and english and welsh and even irish are very similar as far as nation states go . 
  look at germany or spain for comparison . 
  in the uk , we have been united under the identity of a union of kingdoms for hundreds of years . 
  if for one value unity . 
  scottish , irish , english , welsh , as long as the island remains united , we remain strong . 
  leaving the eu was a pragmatic decision . 
  leaving the uk would be an emotional decision . 
  just a question , if i have irish parentage , is the citizenship process any easier ? 
  as a brit , even though i very much dislike islam as a doctrine , i would not mind at all if my children married muslims . 
  though i 'd be especially wary if my daughter was mistreated by a muslim husband . 
  yeah , what has the uk ever done in terms of social and technological progress . 
  i mean , even their language is barely spoken , right ? 
  back then , it was verging on the smart thing to do . 
  it was survival over ideology . 
  left wing and right wing are the same , just two different ways to convince people to give the government their money or resources . 
  if all the ways to counter an obvious troll , you choose the worst . 
  given the latest influx of hidden adverts on reddit , i 'd wager this post is either an ad or the result of some nearly brainwashed merkel supporter . 
  love the country , not the politician . 
  is there not something less retarded to occupy my hands with ? 
  also , who buys a fidget spinner for that reason ? 
  genuine question : why does belgium exist ? 
  did n't most voting women vote for donald ? 
  equalising wages is always a bad idea . 
  whenever i see ` czechia ' i cringe . 
  czech republic is a lot better . 
  even better would be czechoslovakia , but that ai n't happening again . 
  you have created a strawman with this comment , and are trying really hard to advocate for the removal of ideas from discussions . 
   except , it is never a single person asking an honest question from a place of ignorance . 
  you have no basis for that claim . 
  i have seen cases of honest discussions on the subject . 
  you just claim they do n't exist , because you have an agenda , made clear by your final comment . 
  and if this debate was publically shown , then it just shows the exact arguments holocaust deniers have being debunked smartly and civilly , perhaps helping others make their mind up . 
  there are plenty of deniers who go about it in a humane and civil manner . 
  many provide evidence for their claims . 
  i do n't agree with them , but i still think it 's bullshit that genocide ` denial ' or debate about the nature of genocides are censored . 
  but this sub is not a proponent of free speech . 
  cruelty of pacifism means allowing millions of jews to die . 
  cruelty of pacifism allows those who do n't follow the ideal to do whatever they want . 
  i can think of a few cases of germany being stupid or careless when it comes to large events or cases like these . 
  the most notable for me is the munich olympics terror attacks , where german media broadcasted the exact positions of german anti-terror police as they were about to breach . 
  the terrorists saw it all on the tv . 
  then , at the airport , the germans employed regular policemen , some who had never shot a gun , to use the sniper rifles and take out the terrorists . 
  this case of german-governmental incompetance led to the deaths of a lot of people . 
  then israel was the one who used brutal efficiency to exact revenge . 
  what ? 
  his kids were automatically german anyways . 
  his kids have a german mother . 
  stop making shit up just to bring his character down . 
  did n't european turks vote more right wing and in favour of erdogan than turks still in turkey ? 
  good thing both the tories and the dup will have less power . 
  i mean , sure the dup will be in government , but the will have very little effect , far less than labour or even lib dem . 
   the last good prime minister the uk had was tony blair . 
  god i hope you are joking . 
  triggered by lack of corbyn face sitting revolution . 
  you 're right , it 's not just americans . 
  there are a large number of people in the uk who think the same thing . 
  virtually everyone who wants a socialist or left-wing government will use them as an example . 
  except in the case of ireland , you are completely wrong . 
  companies have put more than just their accounting departments into ireland . 
  without these companies , ireland just falls more into irrelevance within the eu . 
  you 'll find that the message being sent by the eu when they try to , against the will of both parties , force fines to be paid , is one of a larger group of powerful countries forcing their will on a smaller country . 
  okay , but for the people of this sub , i need to know how it is this somehow england 's fault ? 
  half of americans think that scandinavia is a synonym for paradise . 
  it is romanticised . 
  the uk is more than just it 's government . 
  also , all western countries are fundamentally liberal , it 's what makes them western . 
  was n't there some muslim riot ? 
  i remember seeing lauren southern cover it . 
  genuine question , that could be where the google results come from if it was covered by a you tuber . 
  christianity has never really been radically pacifist . 
  on a man to man scale it is , but on a nation to nation scale , it is n't . 
  pacifism can sometimes be the most cruel path to take . 
  so , they are bad because they are protecting the wrong people ? 
  if this turned into a fight , the protesters were n't going to come out of this better . 
  fuck the organised church maybe , but not this man . 
  it wo n't work lol . 
  ireland seems to be politically liberal but still traditionalist and conservative . 
  especially when it comes to abortion . 
  the thing is , the number of people in support is very different to the number of people who even care . 
  i 'm not so sure about same-sex marriage in ireland , but i remember an abortion case where authorities refused a woman an abortion and she died as a direct result . 
  there is a long way to go for ireland still , it 's government is imo full of worse politicans than britains . 
  i have to wonder about why england was the first in the uk to adopt more progressive legislation ? 
  it took scotland 14 years to catch up ... 
  trust me , we have our own problems . 
  well , it 's more a ethical thing . 
  if france did n't stop them on land , the uk would stop them on the sea . 
  and for the migrants , getting stopped on land is far better . 
  also , it 's in both countries interests because both countries trade through calais , and they trade a lot . 
  it 's not like the uk is sitting back letting france do all the work either , it 's a joint enterprise in preventing illegal immigration and facilitating trade and legal movement . 
  also , it 's not a one way agreement . 
  french border checks take place in the uk at dover/folkstone .
