  democracy should allow peaceful representation of all ideas , not censorship . 
  even if those ideas are radical and stupid . 
  the fact that germany and france can cooperate does n't prove anything . 
  i ca n't believe you eat up all this bullshit . 
  the eu is not the `` best form of cooperation yet conceived '' . 
  you almost sound like you 've been paid . 
  we want unity , not the bullshit that these two are peddling . 
  he has already visited scotland a lot , he is half scottish . 
  the people of the uk and the people of europe want the same thing . 
  politicians are standing between cooperation . 
  the spite of eu leaders and the pride of uk leaders is damaging to everyone . 
  so the eu is incapable of proper action because people complain about it ? 
  can i ask of your opinion of the civil war that followed ? 
  do you believe eamon was right or wrong ? 
  personally , i think he was the man who took the glory for founding ireland , then almost destroyed it whilst killing the greatest military genuis of that era . 
  federalism fails to work when member states can leave after a simple referendum . 
  a massive one . 
  that 's why people predict the collapse of the eu . 
  france is the biggest euroskeptic country in the whole union , bigger than the uk . 
  soros also reckons the eu will blow up , yet he is the hero of the left and king of chaos . 
  as a brit , i think the current us government is far superior to anything we 've had in decades . 
  we literally have no leader at all to get behind . 
  theresa may is a fucking idiot . 
  cameron toed the party line , brown sucked off the eu to our own detriment , blair did that and sucked off bush at the same time . 
  when people say that germany is the leader of the eu , they usually are fairly emotive , but not necissarily wrong . 
  the merkel plan is a german plan that exerts influence across all eu countries . 
  germany is the strongest economy in the mainland , and has a habit of strongarming weaker countries ( e.g. 
  italy ) into getting their way . 
  france however , despite being incredibly passionate about the eu , now has the highest euroskeptic population in all of europe , higher than the uk . 
  emotively , france is seen as a bastion of freedom and free speech , whereas germany is seen as a country that breaches privacy and free speech and often acts as thought police , whilst everyone calls the uk a police state . 
  germany comes across from an emotive point of view , as a place so liberal it is destroying itself . 
   in the 28-nation union the uk had equal say with the others equal say but little power to change anything . 
  we could bitch and moan for as long as we wanted , but all that matters to the eu is germany and benelux . 
  you could make that argument about pretty much any country . 
  the uk has the advantage of actually being a world leader in diplomacy and politics , but the disadvantage of having really shitty leaders . 
  we 've always been toeing the line for the americans , and i dislike that , but i 'd rather toe the line for americans than for germans . 
  people should put their country first , because it 's the people of that country that put them there to enact change for that country . 
  leaders should n't enact their personal agendas despite what the ` common folk ' might think ( eu leaders ) . 
  british interests will always align with us interests for as long as the eu seeks a different path . 
  call it a vassal state if you want , i wo n't deny we pander to the us , but arguably , the eu is just a whole bunch of vassal states being forced to pander to each other . 
  i 'm surprised germany has n't purged their eagle , for fears it might look a bit too intimidating . 
  i like that they are doing this , but it is for a retarded reason . 
  `` let 's prevent people smuggling , because the political parties we do n't like are popular because of our mistakes and disregard for the people . '', 
  these types of decision makers are exactly why we left the eu . 
  because to them , we are just obstacles in the ways of `` their great plans for europe . '', 
  good on you for protesting with a clear target , as opposed to protesting vaguely and indirectly at a strawman ... * glances at the us, 
  good on you for protesting with a clear target , as opposed to protesting vaguely and indirectly at a strawman ... * glances at the us, 
  to be honest , whilst i love the mainland , it 's culture , it 's people and it 's history , the eu as an organisation was changing in a direction i could n't agree with . 
  i do n't think they would 've changed to our liking due to the method in which members vote , and so leaving was the only way we could change what influence the eu had on us . 
  of course we are still european bros , despite conquering the world , we never conquered you . 
  we could n't really . 
  except for bits of france maybe . 
  but that was only for a bit , 
  64 % of english are celtic descendants , scotland is 73 % , wales is 83 % . 
  not many romans remained in brittania after they lost control , the vikings did n't leave many descendants relative to the others , it 's pretty much a mix of celts and anglo saxons , with the rest being smaller minorities . 
  angles and saxons were from southern denmark and northern germany . 
  you know what he meant , though . 
  a large unified entity on the island has existed for a long time . 
  the kingdom of england has existed since 927ad , and dominated the island for pretty much all of its existence . 
  will exports to the eu stop because of leaving the common market ? 
  and will other markets become more avaible in the future outside of the eu ? 
  did n't germany play a role in strongarming the italians in regards to their president , or am i thinking of something else ? 
  also , germany has a lot of economic power over the eu , more than any other member , and they are one of the biggest supporters of it . 
  in my opinion , it would take the eu collapsing for something new to take form . 
  with the eu 's collapse , we could see the weaker countries uniting , perhaps under anti-german and anti-eu rhetoric . 
  i could see spain , italy , the balkans and parts of eastern europe having a lot of hatred towards the germans and the belgians in the event of further eu collapse . 
  france ( the people ) dislikes the eu more than any other country . 
  i would assume that a ` new eu ' would be one drastically different , as many involved countries would dislike the idea of german and belgian leadership on the continent . 
  why is economic collapse inevitable ? 
  and what exactly do you mean by economic collapse ? 
  british tourists , like all tourists , are horrible . 
  british people are just kinda normal and usually polite and politically rather neutral . 
  so could you stop being smug then ? 
  in the short term , definitely . 
  but if king soros is right , the eu will lose more in the long term than the uk . 
  there is n't 100 % certainty , but if you think companies and investors are n't preparing for the worst , then you are dead wrong . 
  as a brit , it 's really annoying , because we are being treated like ignorant racists by default in all these discussions , especially by other europeans . 
  `` yea , vote for our 50 % , the other 50 % are ignorant racists ! '', 
  i love the gesture , but this is sure to cause some controversy . 
  japan and the koreas were most certainly under european influence . 
  the us forced trade and ultimatums upon the japanese over a hundred years ago , and japan is still under the military protection of the usa . 
  we did start the worst war in history in defense of poland . 
  and that is a flaw in the eu . 
  pretty much every western country is becoming americanised . 
  in france , they have programs against foreign countries and the english language to preserve french culture , but in britain and australia , we are incredibly american . 
  however , this may be a mistaken attribution , as america came from britain , so it 's probably more likely that our cultures have simply developed in a similar way rather than become more american . 
  i 'd wager that canada is certainly more american than any other british or commonwealth territory . 
  as for english speaking european countries , there is only the united kingdom and ireland . 
  but ireland , like france , has many cultural preservation programs , which would be seen as racist in the uk . 
  no , just americanization . 
  it 's not logical at all for this map though . 
  and our police report on a county level . 
  in the region of england , you have around 50,000,000 people , whilst in the region of calais , you have waaaaaaaay less . 
  i think the word you are looking for is collectivist . 
  but honestly , europe is becoming more and more american everyday , especially the uk . 
  y u hate us ? 
  something that has been classic british for hundreds of years is our stoicism and our ability to simply survive and not make a fuss . 
  we live in a time of change , and if you believe that the eu represents your opinions better than the uk , then that is fine . 
  but i do n't see how disunity solves that , given that the spanish will simply veto any scottish attempt and legitimacy . 
  you must understand how it feels as an englishman .
