you do n't have to be so hateful you know ? 
  try helping improve your country , not hating it and escaping everytime things become tough . 
  because the europhiles like to use them to prove their points , that apparently england is a fascist hello where no one had any idea what they did , and where scotland is under the boot heel of england . 
  they like to believe that it 's not happening to them . 
  whilst i 'm sure the dm has changed a lot , the europe we joined back then we very different to the europe we are leaving now . 
  back then , it was an economic partnership , but it became political , and we started seeing the turmoil of euro zone countries in southern europe , which only turned the brits off more . 
  until the eu comes up with a comprehensive plan to focus on global warming above all else ( above crushing dissenters ) , fuck the eu . 
  it 's not gon na be of great benefit when we 're all starving to death . 
  the eu had it wrong for a very long time , that crazy man who rules turkey has been ruling it for a while , and the eu was willing to take him . 
  the german government even tried to prosecute it 's own citizen for making fun of erdogan . 
  do n't act like this is an issue the eu was on the good side of , the anti-eu camp specifically used this issue as a demonstration of the corruption of the eu . 
  i 'm pretty much in the same boat as you . 
  i ca n't support the eu because of it 's problems that so many pro-eu people seem to be unaware of , but i could n't support brexit because of the uncertainty . 
  i just rationalize to myself that if we can survive the edge of nuclear apocalypse , two world wars and 1500 years of a united england , we can survive leaving an economic union . 
  to be honest , i do n't think the eu did this . 
  nuclear weapons and a united ideology made us peaceful . 
  i think the biggest threat to european peace would be attempts at unifying europe . 
  we should learn from yugoslavia and the soviet union , and create a mutually beneficial system , not a central government that dictates will to lesser partners . 
  the opposite side felt exactly the same way when we were in the eu . 
  personally i just want scotland to stay in our united kingdom and for our island to remain a happy family , not a nationalists wet dream . 
  i do take issue with the rich and powerful running something as powerful as the eu , and i think the eu needs to change in order for me to support it . 
  you mean they reacted with humour ? 
  4th top comment was serious , but all the others i saw were jokes . 
  if i 'm entirely honest , i do n't expect / r/europe to have much of a sense of humour ... 
  i feel like making the ballot complicated is a bad thing for the democratic process . 
  could it be a little simpler ? 
  i 'm pretty sure most countries do n't aspire to feminist ideals . 
  i like to think that the uk and france and germany are humanist , but looking at the various politicians makes me doubt that . 
  if someone wants to kill themselves , they will manage . 
  i do n't want her to win , but she has definitely been unfairly targeted by european and french officials . 
  from an outsiders perspective , it seems like the elite are working together to put down an upstart , and that sort of principle i ca n't agree with , nor does that represent the french republic . 
  my mentality as a brit is , we 've survived so much worse than anything democracy cam throw at us , i ai n't gon na act like it 's the end of the world . 
  i do n't really like the eu or the un , but i do n't like most governments really . 
  despite what the news you read says , i 'm really fucking happy to be living in the united kingdom right now . 
  food , shelter , prospects , ambitions and history that i can be proud of having . 
  i take it the reduction in countries like britain is most likely due to the creation of israel , and the reduction in countries like poland , the balkans , russia and germany is due to genocide and famine . 
  from this article : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/brexit-eu-referendum-donations-ten-wealthy-political-donors-make-up-half-vote-leave-remain-nigel-a7348321.html  leave received # 17.5 million of all donations - almost exactly one vote for every pound given towards the brexit campaign - compared to remain 's # 14.2 million . 
   transparency international also found that 95 per cent of all money raised during the referendum campaign came from just 100 donors -- a tiny fraction of the millions who voted on june 23 . 
   although all the donations were entirely legal , transparency international 's own polling found that 76 per cent of the public now think wealthy individuals are using influence on government to benefit their own interests . 
  top 10 donators david sainsbury ( remain ) # 4,223,234 peter hargreaves ( brexit ) # 3,200,000 better for the country ( brexit ) # 2,060,375 jeremy hosking ( brexit ) # 1,691,296 diana van nievelt price ( brexit ) # 1,000,000 trailfinders limited ( remain ) # 1,000,000 david harding ( remain ) # 1,000,000 international motors ltd ( brexit ) # 850,000 mark coombs ( remain ) # 750,000 j c bamford excavators ltd ( brexit ) # 670,000 in all honesty , i reckon both sides have been just as shady . 
  we 've seen in the us election the correct the record , and we 've seen how george soros has funded the migrant crisis , and now we 've seen how a hedge fund has provided marketing services to leave . 
  i feel like if leave had lost , no one would 've cared about undeclared services , because ultimately the agenda of the current elites is not to give the people what they want , it 's to enact their own plan . 
  in the case of european officials , this plan is to federalize europe , despite what the plebs think . 
  i read these as a kid , and i vaguely remember a video game . 
  i 'm in england . 
  whilst i agree with their independence , you have to recognise that there has essentially been a smear campaign against serbs for the past two decades . 
  we are all too willing to recognise the usa as the good guys in every conflict , despite the amount of shit europeans talk about americans . 
  `` god , people should just not care when parts of their countries are lost . 
  stop bitching ukraine , let the crimeans choose . 
  stop bitching usa , southern states want to leave so let them . 
  stop bitching uk , ultra nationalists want to split your centuries old union , just let them . '', 
  i could go on . 
  countries often ca n't work if states can come and go as they please , just because times get tough . 
  we know what the politicians are doing there , what we are criticising is the fact that self proclaimed feminist politicians are willing to submit to a real patriarchy in order to make trade agreements . 
  it shows their hypocricy . 
   it 's still pretty civil and decent of them to oblige i agree , but it is still hypocritical . 
  in their own country , they espouse that women should be able to wear whatever and do whatever and that men need not apply , and then as soon as they visit a foreign country , they submit to the real patriarchy for money . 
   not sure how them being respectful and / or ( depending on the context ) forced to wear the hijab is suddenly a detriment or a slight to their beliefs or stances on feminism because this shows that they are willing to throw away their core beliefs for money . 
   a hijabi woman can also be a feminist . 
  of course they can , and i 'd argue that most middle eastern feminists are far more important than the so called third wave feminists in the west . 
   but it 's not the outsiders voice needed to tell her '' hey look you 're oppressed , stop being so '' . 
  of course , i agree with you . 
  it 's just they ca n't claim to be feminists and then so easily submit to a patriachal regime . 
  if they did n't claim to be fighting for womens rights , we would n't care . 
   a vast majority of persian people are nonreligous and because all citizens are forced to appear as though they practice they do n't get to voice alternative experiences or perspectives . 
  more people need to realise this , and that prior to 1980 , iran was a western and free place ( though after the american-uk coup , things started to suck hard ) . 
   not to mention that in general political interactions are complex so there 's probably alot more going on here . 
  i see alot of people jumping the gun here 0_0 . 
  it 's really as simple as a picture . 
  self proclaimed international feminists who trivialise womens rights back in their home country by moaning about sexist snow plows wearing a hijab and submitting to a real patriarchy . 
  i agree that we should follow foreign laws and respect them , but at the same time , you can not compare this to the expectations we have for migrants . 
  we expect migrants not to rape , not to assault , not to steal . 
  they expect women to wear head covering . 
  additionally , this is a feminist government submitting to a real patriarchy , showing their hypocricy . 
  iran is n't some backwards and isolated place that has never experienced western values . 
  you are forgetting that before 1980 , it was as progressive and western as any european country . 
  a majority of it 's population experienced western freedom , and that was taken away from them . 
  hypocritical swedish politicians are n't going to help them * at all * . 
  these women could n't give a rats arse about womens rights , especially when it might require real effort to fight for it . 
  iranian women * know * what western values feel like . 
  many probably long for it , many just do n't care enough , and many are too scared to do anything , with threat of prison , physical punishment and humiliation . 
  if any government is going to help spread womens rights where it is really needed , it wo n't be sweden , a government that trivialises the oppression of women in clerical fascist countries like iran by bitching and moaning about things like sexist snow plows and believes that swedish women are at fault for being raped . 
  whilst that might be true , i do n't see how that is relevant at all . 
  this happened in iran , where a woman must wear a head covering in public , and a self-proclaimed feminist government submitted to a real patriarchy . 
  now , if i were a woman , i 'd wear a hijab even on a diplomatic mission , but i would n't claim to be a feminist or that i 'm doing anything to fight for womans rights . 
  remove liberalism and progressivism from that , and i 'd agree . 
  the american left ( i.e. 
  democratic party ) are closer to the tories or cdu , but liberals are the same all over , european or american . 
  young , bleeding hearts and all that jazz . 
  who knew that western feminists would submit to a real patriarchy instead of doing anything to fight it , bring it down or even make a small stand for womens rights ? 
  just goes to show how the current swedish government and electorate are more concerned with virtue signalling than womens rights . 
  feminism is more than just a belief , it is a stance , an activist group etc. 
  and a sorely misplaced one at that . 
  what these people really are are feminists , but only for swedes , and only when it suites them . 
  instead of making a stand for oppressed women in the middle east , they submit to the literal real patriarchy that they claim is ruling the west . 
  triggered . 
  we were there first , you 're just a fucking colony of spain !, 
  do n't forget ole vicky 2 , though by that point turks were already being called the sick men of europe . 
  no , justinian was . 
  that 's not a good thing .
