  this is n't your strawman , this is real life . 
  muslims christians and atheists are dying all alike because of islamic extremism , and there is a reason we call it islamic extremism . 
  i 'd wager that a large portion of turks living abroad are not only conservative but islamist too . 
  seemingly moreso than turks living in turkey . 
  i suppose when you do n't feel the negative effects of erdogan reign , it all seems fine and dandy on a newspaper . 
  it 's very weird , this is a generation of people brought up on secular democracy voting in favour of islamist autocracy . 
  my house would become a beach front property , very close to getting flooded :p, 
  so you would propose breaking apart the union to stop the regime of moscow and give individual members total independence from some foreign city ? 
  and you 're from brussels . 
  icing on the cake . 
   multi-ethnic countries are fine . 
  just like the eu itself is multi-ethnic , or estonia or belgium is , so can ie . 
   as it is now the european union is just an instrument for oligarchs and cleptocrats to enrich themselves . 
  right now , it is not benefiting the people , regardless of ethnicity . 
   i think many parts of europe would be better off without the regime of brussels , including brussels itself . 
   of course nothing can change over night , but this is the transition that needs to happen sooner or later . 
  and for the sake of the european people , i hope that it is sooner . 
  probably one of the worst things that could happen for everyone on earth in the 21st century would be russia falling apart . 
  however , that 's pretty much definitely not going to happen . 
  but i 'd wager that the majority of the people in this thread going on about the evils of russia are western europeans . 
  this sub is fucked . 
  russia , let 's just be bros  . 
  and chechenya is a small islamic region that has been embroiled in war * against * russia . 
  it feels like everyone in europe is dreaming of a world without russia . 
  obviously , it 's a joke though . 
  i feel like we just got ta be more chill with our friendly neighbourhood ruskies . 
  / r/europe is a pretty shitty place though . 
  you all day better together unless you get a chance to fuck over the english . 
  to be completely honest , as an englishman with irish heritage , irish nationalism is a lot less attractive than english nationalism . 
  irish nationalism for me means murdering innocent people , launching campaigns of terror and ignoring what the irish populace want . 
  when i think of irish nationalism , i think of the murder of michael collins as a result of eamon de valera 's civil war . 
  i think of the ira , the troubles . 
  then , after independence , the irish government becomes like any other , leaving their populace in the dust . 
  the jadotville jacks come to mind . 
  now , ireland has a status as a tax haven for large corporations like apple and google . 
  it has been embroiled in conservative politics for the past hundred years , with that famous case of a woman dying because authorities refused to let her have an abortion ( in the 90s i believe ) . 
  i can draw many parallels between england and ireland in the cover up of pedophiles . 
  in the case of ireland , this was mostly due to religious beliefs , and in england , it was big money entertainment . 
  the case in which hundreds of dead children were found under a mothers home comes to mind , as the intensely conservative and religious society outside of dublin was far more conservative than in much of england . 
  i know i sound like i hate ireland , and nothing is further from the truth . 
  but even my irish parents have told me of the failures or the irish . 
  it 's just sad . 
  disappointing . 
  in their greatest moment , jealousy and rivalry killed the man that set ireland free . 
  and the man that killed him was an irish nationalist . 
  i have a poster of the irish proclamation of independence on my wall . 
  it was progressive , promising equal rights to all . 
  yet this dream ws squandered . 
  english nationalism , or rather loyalism , is no more right wing than the irish conservatism . 
  you say england produces intolerance , but is it not in the nature of the democratic system to allow intolerance to thrive peacefully ? 
  and as long as this peace exists , as long as the government can operate peacefully , then democracy is doing a good job . 
  the way the uk operates has to be different to ireland . 
  ireland is tiny , non nuclear and a tax haven for corporations . 
  the uk has the means to end the world , and also the responsibly to lead it in the case of nato and the united nations . 
  we may have left the eu , but i do n't think this is representative of intolerance , i think it is a case where reactionary politics have won over idealistic politics , despite the fact that parties like ukip are most definitely idealistic in nature . 
  i do not have any content for the irish people , but the irish government seems so inefficient and full of childish power plays and nationalists that i have nothing but contempt for irish politicians . 
  i have a huge dislike for eamon de valera , though some of my recent ancestors had fought for him in the civil war . 
  the one thing i dislike most in the british isles is the hatred that the scots seem to have for the english . 
  it is frustrating seeing nationalism and xenophobia being treated as some sort of oppressed minority just because scotland tends to be more left wing . 
  scots like to pretend they were uninvolved or an unwilling partner in the various atrocities commited during the reign of the empire . 
  it was only a short time ago that england and scotland were like brother nations . 
  some of the isles greatest men and women were scottish . 
  but now , scottish nationalism is being celebrated as progressive , as if it is some sort of underdog story , as sensationalist media paint a picture of the ` evil english oppressors ' . 
  i very much believe the scottish have things a lot better than us englishmen . 
  the scots have so many devolved powers , so many privelidges , free higher education and more . 
  and this comes out of my tax payer money . 
  and i 'm fine with funding the education of scottish youngsters , but i wish people realised how the connection between our two nations is not one of a lesser oppressed partner , but a mutually beneficial relationship providing security and education to millions . 
  perhaps my greatest fear is that scotland breaks the union . 
  i love scotland . 
  do n't leave this four hundred year old union because of some warped perception . 
  stick with us through the fire and storm . 
  i know i 'm rambling , and what i said might not be totally comprehensible , and i do n't expect anyone to read it in full . 
  both england and wales are red imo , but wales is smaller so england gets to be red . 
  what makes this different to the oxford tokamak ? 
  i agree that neither movements are classically liberal . 
  the reason i support them , however , is because i believe the authoritarian left ( which is much more common in the uk and the us than in mainland europe ) is a worse threat than protectionism . 
  there is no good candidate or option as a classical liberal nowadays , but i believe that the eu and the regressives are against my ideals . 
  i ca n't remain part of a union that fucks over or neglects so many of its states and allows countries to blackmail others with the power the eu affords them . 
  i might be wrong , and i did n't vote in the brexit vote anyways , but i would still call myself a classical liberal . 
  `` classical liberalism is a political ideology that values the freedom of individuals -- including the freedom of religion , speech , press , assembly , and markets -- as well as limited government . '', 
  i value all of those things , and especially i am for a limited government . 
  this is classical liberalism according to adam smith , by the way . 
  even though i 'm a classic liberal , and support trump and brexit , i think it is a very good thing that vdb won . 
  it 's just depressing that things all over the world have descended into extremes . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/bc/islam_world.svg islamic states ( dark green ) , states where islam is the official religion ( light green ) , secular states ( blue ) and other ( orange ) , among countries with a muslim majority . 
  pakistan : created as a state for indian muslims iran : revolution installed a religious rule that essentially acts as an islamic monarchy . 
  afghanistan : a de-factor taliban run state , and before that , and islamic republic . 
  i could go on , but there are * lots * of islamic states that are an islamists wet dream . 
  the uk is rated number one soft power nation in the world , and 5th best economy . 
  it has much more power than you think . 
  the brexit sets a precedent . 
  populist movements are already gaining steam in the eu . 
  france hates the eu more than the uk ever did . 
  greece is fucked , spain is still fucked , and italy is struggling too . 
  all the major countries except germany are suffering . 
  the uk will be just fine . 
  the country wo n't collapse . 
  the sun will still come up . 
  the uk special relationship is real , that is n't debatable . 
  trump is probably the most friendly president to britain since the lend lease .
