  yea but may had strength and mandate . 
  ottomans were n't only turks in the same way as soviets were n't only russians . 
  the turks were essentially all that mattered in the grand schemes of the late ottoman empire , the rest of the ethnicities were all embroiled in nationalist revolutions that helped cripple the empire , and so were considered more as enemies of the turks/ottomans than as parts of the empire complicit in it 's actions . 
  also , anyone blaming modern turks is an idiot . 
  modern turks are to blame , the turkish government in power now is not even a successor state , they are the same state that caused the genocide . 
  the armenian genocide was enacted by the young turks and ataturk , not by the ottoman empire . 
  it is similar to cambodia . 
  the viet cambodian state was never responsible for what the khmer rouge did , so we do n't blame them . 
  the turkish state that has existed since the end of the great war was complicit in the genocide . 
  i think many americans share his idea ( incorrectly ) . 
  cenk hides his regressive racism and indentity politics under the guise of socialism . 
  i think this is a problem for the modern left . 
  when you say the left , i suppose you mean the real/economic left , other socialists like yourself . 
  when i say the left , i mean the establishment left , the media and the popular culture of identity politics and regressive politics . 
  i suppose your version of the left has very little representation in the mainstream , which is unfortunate . 
  damn , this is why we need proper definitions and terms to describe things . 
  i do n't enjoy calling the modern regressives the left , but i believe that is what the pseudo-socialists have become , with real socialists remaining stalwart . 
  heck , here i am defending socialism , something which even i despise . 
  yes , let 's stop using the personal words of people to misrepresent an entire network . 
  that goes for all of them . 
  fuck tyt though . 
  so wait , what are you trying to say ? 
  the young turks can be defined as whatever , but they choose to share a name with the same organisation that perpertrated the armenian genocide . 
  they may as well have named themselves that national socialists , or the nationalist movement party . 
  the young turks were reformists , so were the nazis . 
  both had ideas of reformation that involved mass genocide . 
  so i really do n't know what your trying to defend here . 
  to me , patriotism is being a part of improving my country and community , focusing on the identity of my country ( for me , it 's democracy and endurance ) . 
  nationalism is equatable with jingoism for me . 
  trying to change your country for the better at the expense of innocents even within the country . 
  your arguing against denial , he is asking why he should be considered responible , whether it happened or not . 
  exactly . 
  i feel like most irish ( both n.i and r.o.i ) people are much more concerned with the resurgence of any conflicts than the actual politics of those conflicts . 
  no more ira , no more loyalism , peace should be the goal , and when we have it , we need to preserve it . 
  taken out of context completely . 
  hes saying how he completely acknowledges the event , and modern events too . 
  he is pointing out what should be obvious , that people today should work together to create a better future , not let ancestors sufferings and conflicts create divides . 
  i think the issue comes up in a lot of political discussions , especially recently . 
  things like `` hey white people , pay us reparations '' . 
  i think a lot of the actual rememberance activism gets mixed up in the blame game and are seen as the same thing . 
  in the uk , we have a lot of rememberance style events , annual poppy fund etc , and we also remember the holocaust of ww2 . 
  that sort of thing should be encouraged ; people need to understand the recent history of the world , so that we do n't repeat it . 
  what really should be discouraged is this idea that just because an ancestory did something , does n't make me any more guilty than anyone else . 
  i think there is a rising attitude that white people must pay reperations for slavery in america , and there is always newfound contrversy about a famous actor having found to have slave owners in their ancestry ( happened in the uk to a few actors ) . 
  i doubt this idea will take hold , but it really needs to be discouraged , as attaching previous horrific events in the past to a race or peoples is exactly how a genocide begins ( jews being blamed for the loss of ww1 and financial ruin of weimar germany ) . 
  unrelated question , but is there a camobian genocide remeberance day in any country ? 
  that seems like the most forgotten major genocide . 
  and his demands wo n't be met . 
  they are ridiculous . 
  there is however the hope that if the eu falls apart , a new organisation that actually learns from it 's mistakes will be formed . 
  i expect a frexit would also makes brit-french relations much better . 
  the majority of vocal redditors are left wing , it should be expected really . 
  this sub is certainly more left wing than most though . 
  there would almost certainly be accusations of voter fraud by both parties . 
  the germans escalated a balkan war to a world war . 
  they did n't fire the first shot , but they shot the bystanders . 
  she 's not the only candidate that wants that , and frexit could actually lead to a new type of deal . 
  the eu would be better off collapsing and reforming if incapable of reform right now . 
  the reason only men with land used to be able to vote was because it was expected that a man with land would vote smartly , having a piece of the pie at stake . 
  asking for exams to be able to vote is pretty much the same thing , in principle . 
  there should never be anything standing between a citizen and their right to vote . 
  better education is good , but having state controlled educators teach politics is a hotbed of controversy , and borderline indoctrination . 
  that 's a matter of perspective . 
  how the fuck has this got 61 upvotes ? 
  that 's like saying every american who did n't vote for trump are being forced to live in a country where trump is president against their will . 
  when someone threatens to secede because they do n't like the results of a democratic vote , that 's called insane nationalism . 
  if nations disagree on issues , they do n't split up to avoid having to make that decision , they fight for concessions on that issue . 
  the only people who want scotland to leave the uk are nationalists/seperatists . 
  the eu is just more fuel for their fire . 
  the entire western world can not be seen opposing erdogan in order for politics to run smoothly between those nations . 
  even when the coup happened , pretty much every western country was publically pleased with the outcome . 
  it 's expected , by other western countries , that trump congratulate erdogan . 
  if a western country called erdogan a dictator , turkey would respond by cutting off diplomatic ties and probably reducing it 's fight against isis . 
  it 's a complicated issue , though i hoped trump might be more hardline on turkey , i would n't really expect any politician to be honest about turkey if they wish to keep them as an ally . 
  it 's the same reason we ignore the ksa 's funding of terrorism . 
  people who us / r/europe . 
  comedy very often veils politics . 
  bill burr makes jokes about women and feminists , and is very anti-feminist himself . 
  john oliver makes jokes about trump and conservatives , and is very liberal himself . 
  it 's not really taking the polandball seriously . 
  if this was / r/polandball , people would just be laughing . 
  but this is / r/europe , a sub well know for it 's dislike of the uk and us . 
  though that could lead to the creation of a new agreement likely framed in a very different way to the eu . 
  perhaps something better , if these countries learn from their previous mistakes and apply them . 
  i do n't think the eu has the capability to change enough to survive . 
  / r/politics seemed to ignore the sabotage of sanders campaign * by * the dnc , and had a huge hard on for hillary . 
  they did n't change for britain , what makes you think they will change for france ? 
  actually , maybe they will , because a frexit would be the final nail in the coffin for the eu . 
  i suppose that unity in parliament is always better than division , and it makes change easier , but for those who did n't want that change in the first place , the change coming faster is never good . 
  i think he was just curious . 
  when ataturk took power , there was n't a constitutional process , he was ending a 700 year old monarchy . 
  the turkish military coup to preserve democracy/ataturk dream , not to install their own dictators for life . 
  my least favorite dictator moustache . 
  america has million of muslims ? 
  also , this is n't some baseless narrative . 
  islamism has been causing problems for centuries . 
  zealots are running countries and leading mass terror campaigns , primarily against fellow muslims , and also against the west . 
  i do n't doubt that things are different in america ( you guys are a different can of worms when it comes to race ) but in europe , we 've had the issue of non-integration . 
  it seems that a person is easily able to adopt patriotism for the usa , but in the uk at least ( and seemingly all over the eu ) we have had loads of problems when it comes to integration and adoption of western moral values . 
  it 's not something common among all muslims , but it * is * a cultural thing , and your virtue signalling is n't helping recognize the core issue .
