  edit : are you going to address anything else from the list ? 
  why would it be an ethno-national argument or anything to do with race/skin color/ethnicity ? 
  majority of discussions in which i play the devil 's advocate , the other party is always going to mention race/ethnicity trying to discredit me or undermine my argument by attacking me personally . 
  strange . 
  similar tactics are often used in history ; during the cold war in us , if you went against the ` mainstream ' or ` majority ' you were a ` commie ' ; in nazi germany you were a `` bolshewik '' or something ; in soviet russia you were a `` fascist '' , `` nationalist '' , `` capitalist '' , `` enemy of the people '' . 
  it 's sort of as if people ca n't tackle ideas , so they try and attack the person instead of the words . 
  cool silencing ad hom tactic btw anyway , just as gay people are more likely to be loving that bbc tearing up their intestines ( xenophobia ) , they 're are also more likely to be poor than straight people ( classism ? 
  straights = bourgeoisie ? ), 
  too bad it has to be called like that . 
  stating actual numbers and facts is considered hate nowadays . 
  to hell with rationality !, 
  it gives me a bad-bad feely in my tummy :-(, 
  merkel is a fascist and is trying to suppress the free press ? 
  if people want opinion pieces and biased bullshit articles they can go on '' `` rational '' `` wiki . 
  i do n't understand why is this allowed on r/europe and why would anyone want to inhale this regurgitated brain fart garbage, 
  an objective and unbiased source . 
  well done . 
  i love the quality of content on r/europe . 
  this is actual dog shit . 
  you consider bleiburg a crime ? 
  the war has ended . 
  usta\u0161e were still armed and were shooting to kill . 
  the laws says they are terrorists . 
  what should 've the partisans had done ? 
  let them retreat ? 
  of course , i 'm against killings of civilians , but those civilians knew the war was over and still grouped up with usta\u0161e . 
  good post . 
  would you agree / u/lebron181 ? 
  he said he pavlov 'd himself , meaning that he literally conditioned himself to something . 
  he also said that the speech * might * be fantastic etc. 
  but he literally made himself hate everything trump does and says . 
  i read that as being mindlessly brainwashed into a belief . 
  nazi : proven, 
  what ? 
  but muh marriages u homophobic bigot, 
  this guy though, 
  the first step to recovery is admitting you have a problem . 
  i 'm sorry you are conditioned to mindlessly hate and be hypocritical . 
  good luck with your recovery ( if you 're not complacent regarding your faults ) !, 
  i actually ca n't tell if this is sarcasm or not ... 
  chetniks can into europe ? 
   i wonder who can name a generalised group of people who have _ ` different values ' _ to ` us ' ? 
  what ? 
  is this a rethorical question ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  yeah amirite , entitled manchildren telling others to leave their sub because they had a knee jerk reaction to a different opinion label me pls, 
  100 % of redditors agree this poll is useless and does n't represent which it states it represents, 
  are you hurt ? 
  did somebody touch you when you were a wee little lad ? 
  yeah , he 's funny in a way that loud old people can be funny . 
  how would you rate that show 's popularity ? 
  is it mainstream or marginalized ? 
  bujanec was also a neo-nazi in his younger days , he was arrested for trying to pay a hooker with cocaine , looks like a small and smelly troll . 
  btw he was at our president 's inauguration . 
  neo nazi drug addicted troll who cant get laid . 
  on the inauguration . 
   jirinovsky russia hacked the elections confirmed . 
  what now blumpflekins ? 
  because they know it 's true . 
  it really is a slippery slope . 
  in the future we might redefine the term `` consent '' so all the young people can have fun with their cats instead of actually making babies, 
  wrote an essay on child and cousing marriage in germany for law faculty . 
  excerpt from the bbc article :  the official confusion is reflected in one reported case : a 15-year-old syrian girl married to her 21-year-old cousin . 
  she was first separated from him in the city of aschaffenburg , bavaria , for reasons of child protection . 
   her husband lost an appeal to a family court , but the decision was eventually set aside by a regional court , ** which judged that the marriage should be recognised as it was legal in the country of origin . 
  **  but the city appealed , and the pair are now awaiting a judgment from germany 's federal court they showed documents of a legal marriage from the registrar 's office ( correct term ? ), 
  and the court recognised it . 
  hopefully the highest court wo n't create a precedent which allows marriages between an adult man and a minor who is also a relative . 
  do n't worry . 
  everyone loses interest in online ` debates ' after a few days . 
  the point i was trying to make is that criticism of homosexuality and gay marriage etc. 
  is not always due to homophobia , bigotry et al. 
  there are facts and arguments to be made against every single thing , including those two . 
  anyway , i appreciate the kind reply . 
  i hope you enjoy your time on break . 
  thanks . 
  http://www.psypost.org/2017/06/straight-mens-physiological-stress-response-seeing-two-men-kissing-seeing-maggots-49217 this is nature . 
  lol, 
  fair enough . 
  although , you 're mistaken about the far left wanting equality . 
  no , that would be the engine, 
  how does the far right treat women ? 
  does the far right murder homosexuals ? 
  as prescribed by law ? 
  how are islamists far right ? 
   eu  siberia now that 's food for thought, 
  voting gives it credibility in the eyes of the no side, 
  big words !, 
  or write anything that even remotely resembles reality, 
  you have nothing of value to contribute so you resort to name calling . 
  check out jared diamond if you 're interested in evolution , resources and climate and how it affectes culture , progress and intelligence . 
  also , according to diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders , fourth edition ( dsm-iv ) , people with 50-55 to approximately 70 iq are mildly mentally retarded . 
  what 's the average iq in somalia ? 
  the poorest country in the world , central african republic is at 71 . 
  somalia is at 68 . 
  you do n't seem to be a bright bulb to be quite honest with you fam, 
  peak somali education right here . 
  if you actually read books you 'd know that europe has had a very harsh climate resulting in stark differences between european peoples , as well as a higher iq on average . 
  mfw when a somali talks about darwinism, 
  yeah , i 'm sure you would love to have lived in a feudal system .
