  take your primitive and philofascistic tendencies elsewhere . 
  check this out - i 'm on the seventh layer of denial : spicy foods are worth it, 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  that 's why it 's important to keep the internet neutral and free of agenda-pushing political tentacles . 
  all of your media is one big block of hacks , low iq pundits and shills ( fox , cnn , msnbc etc ) . 
  breitbart is actually retarded and the worst part is when you have to visit breitbart to read the stuff your msm omitted . 
  breitbart & co. usually make stuff up msm omitts ( omits * ? ), 
  facts . 
  and that 's the same as lying . 
  when the dissonance is strong, 
   extreme extremists hol up , what layer of denial are we on ? 
  most of the media in the west is in that same state . 
  a monopoly on thought . 
  haha a labor camp for political dissidents and anticommunists !, 
   island of krk where only families and german pensioners go that 's too fucking real . 
  sorry for not knowing every lgbtq meetup in the world , i do n't usually attend them . 
  i 'll try not to be an idiot in the future . 
  thanks for educating me though , we low paid low educated dums dums are ruining the country with our regressive and oppressive beliefs . 
  anyway , just googled it , it 's in san francisco . 
  `` a leather event '' ... why are those two men having a fist fest ? 
   it 's fake what 's fake ? 
  is this cgi ? 
  is this not a grown ass man losing his forearm in another man 's gastrointestinal system in front of an audience/in public ? 
   that is n't in spain , agreed , they 're speaking english and there 's a sign in english behind them  it is n't this year , how can you tell ? 
  even if you could prove , what difference does it make . 
  even worse if it happened before , imagine what they would be doing in 2017 or 2018 . 
   it is n't in the street it is obviously a public space . 
  street or pier or alley , it does n't matter . 
  this behaviour should recieve a prison time as a punishment  and there are n't kids you ca n't prove that . 
  just because you ca n't see them in this 11 second clip does n't mean they were n't there . 
  there 's tons of children at these parades , even trudeau took his kids to this kind of happening . 
  the title says 2017 , so i guess it is . 
  does the credibility of a site affect the credibility of a video ? 
  see for yourself . 
   le pen is a fascist this guy criticises the fucking french revolution and talks fondly about the idea of a king, 
  why did you delete your comment ? 
  which smeared an entire ethnic group based on comments you read on reddit, 
  why did you delete your comment ? 
  24h old account were you banned on this sub before ? 
  for all of you who like juicy headlines but refuse to actually read the article . 
  muh red menace  the poll by the levada center asked a representative sample of ** 1,600 russians ** to name the `` top 10 most outstanding people of all time and all nations . '', 
  trump seems like a monk compared to this little boy 's ego . 
  maybe an older woman in his childhood had something to do with it ? 
  stay mad, 
   if you had valid proof of it being a hindrance at all , i might reconsider my stance on this matter . 
  will you ? 
    fathers exercise a unique social and biological influence on their children . 
  for instance , a recent study of father absence on girls found that girls who grew up apart from their biological father were much more likely to experience early puberty and a teen pregnancy than girls who spent their entire childhood in an intact family . 
  * ellis , bruce j. , et al. , `` does father absence place daughters at special risk for early sexual activity and teenage pregnancy ? '', 
  child development , 74:801 -821 . 
    a number of leading professional associations have asserted that there are `` no differences '' between children raised by homosexuals and those raised by heterosexuals . 
  but the research in this area is quite preliminary ; most of the studies are done by advocates and most suffer from serious methodological problems . 
  sociologist steven nock of the university of virginia , who is agnostic on the issue of same-sex civil marriage , offered this review of the literature on gay parenting as an expert witness for a canadian court considering legalization of same-sex civil marriage :    through this analysis i draw my conclusions that 1 ) all of the articles i reviewed contained at least one fatal flaw of design or execution ; and 2 ) not a single one of those studies was conducted according to general accepted standards of scientific research . 
  * steven nock , affidavit to the ontario superior court of justice regarding hedy halpern et al. 
  university of virginia sociology department ( 2001 ) . 
    although the evidence on child outcomes is sketchy , it does suggest that children raised by lesbians or homosexual men are more likely to experience gender and sexual disorders . 
  judith stacey -- a sociologist and an advocate for same-sex civil marriage -- reviewed the literature on child outcomes and found the following : `` lesbian parenting may free daughters and sons from a broad but uneven range of traditional gender prescriptions . '', 
  her conclusion here is based on studies that show that sons of lesbians are less masculine and that daughters of lesbians are more masculine . 
    she also found that a `` significantly greater proportion of young adult children raised by lesbian mothers than those raised by heterosexual mothers ... reported having a homoerotic relationship . '', 
  stacey also observes that children of lesbians are more likely to report homoerotic attractions . 
    * her review must be viewed judiciously , given the methodological flaws detailed by professor nock in the literature as a whole . 
  * * judith stacey and timothy biblarz , '' ( how ) does the sexual orientation of parents matter ? '', 
  american sociological review 66 : 159-183 . 
  see especially 168-171 . 
    more than 79 percent of heterosexual married men and women , along with lesbians in civil unions , reported that they strongly valued sexual fidelity . 
  only about 50 percent of gay men in civil unions valued sexual fidelity . 
  * esther rothblum and sondra solomon , civil unions in the state of vermont : a report on the first year . 
  university of vermont department of psychology , 2003 . 
    traditionally , marriage and procreation have been tightly connected to one another . 
  indeed , from a sociological perspective , the primary purpose that marriage serves is to secure a mother and father for each child who is born into a society . 
  now , however , many westerners see marriage in primarily emotional terms . 
    among other things , the danger with this mentality is that it fosters an anti-natalist mindset that fuels population decline , which in turn puts tremendous social , political , and economic strains on the larger society . 
  same-sex marriage would only further undercut the procreative norm long associated with marriage insofar as it establishes that there is no necessary link between procreation and marriage . 
    this was spelled out in the goodridge decision in massachusetts , where the majority opinion dismissed the procreative meaning of marriage . 
  it is no accident that the countries that have legalized or are considering legalizing same-sex marriage have some of the lowest fertility rates in the world . 
  for instance , the netherlands , sweden , and canada have birthrates that hover around 1.6 children per woman -- well below the replacement fertility rate of 2.1 . 
  * for national fertility rates , see : http://www.cia.gov/cia/publications/factbook/geos/sw.html * for more on the growing disconnect between marriage and procreation , see : http://marriage.rutgers.edu/publications/soou/soou2003.pdf   marriages typically thrive when spouses specialize in gender-typical ways and are attentive to the gendered needs and aspirations of their husband or wife . 
  for instance , women are happier when their husband earns the lion 's share of the household income . 
  likewise , couples are less likely to divorce when the wife concentrates on childrearing and the husband concentrates on breadwinning , as university of virginia psychologist mavis hetherington admits . 
  * e. mavis hetherington and john kelly , for better or for worse . 
  ( w.w. norton and co. , 2002 ) 31 . 
  ------ please read this link : http://www.cnsnews.com/news/article/lauretta-brown/adults-raised-gay-couples-speak-out-against-gay-marriage-federal-court -------- and here are some arguments without supporting evidence , but i could gather it in a few days as my schedule is fucking full due to exams : * gay marriage lowers the status of women . 
  men and women serve equally important roles in a society . 
  stating that a man can do a woman 's nurturing job is the ultimate insult to women . 
  * the same argument for gay marriage can be applied to significantly worse marriage arrangements , such as incestual marriages , plural marriages , and bestiality . 
  * gay marriage dilutes the value of marriage . 
  it will further weaken the family bonds that society is trying to maintain . 
  * no one is being denied civil rights as long as homosexuals have the same access to marriage ( as currently defined ) as heterosexuals . 
  they may not want to marry someone of the opposite sex , but they 're not barred from it . 
  * men and women are born with innate psychological differences , and children should be influenced by a male and female role model . 
  * gay men and women have higher histories of childhood sexual trauma than others . 
  two people trying to raise a family based on their previous sexual traumas will be the detriment of the child . 
  * people that are homosexuals significantly contract and spread more hiv , gonorrhea , syphilis , and other stds than the rest of society . 
  * women that are lesbians are more prone to violence than women that are heterosexual . 
  * people that are homosexuals are at substantially higher risk for emotional problems , including clinical depression , anxiety disorder , conduct disorder , substance abuse , and suicidality ; even in regions where homosexuality is not stigmatised . 
  i 'll leave the religious arguments to religious people . 
  i 'm guessing you 're not religious and neither am i. 
  ------  there are tons of hetero couples that want to get married but decide to never have children . 
  why do they have the right to get married ? 
  because , in theory , they could procreate ?
