  argues that homosexuality ( being attracted to the same sex ) is unnatural . 
  it obviously happens and we have to deal with it . 
  get ready for this , pea brain , fry is arguing that we should accept homosexuality ( i.e. 
  stop being homophobic ) because other species of animals like causing pleasure , micro lacerations and internal bleeding by entering the exit of their gi tract . 
  how you like dem apples bucko, 
  the magnificent mutant looking butt buddy stephen fry quite obviously ( that 's where pea brains fail ) implies that since homosexuality happens among animals , it should be also accepted among humans . 
  unfortunately for all the soy boys who love reaffirming `` their '' views sugar coated with a british accent from none other than a tv panel host , it is a non argument which completely misses the point . 
  has fry said anything about the number of stds , marriage fidelity and sexual partners among homosexuals ? 
  i bet dolphins get their negs pozzed too, 
  then rape is natural too . 
  i 'm glad you cleared this up for us , big guy . 
  when will rape be decriminalised ? 
  this has to be bait, 
  a lot of species of animal commit rape . 
  yet only one condems and punishes it . 
  a lot of species of animal practice cannibalism . 
  yet only one condems and punishes it . 
  a lot of species of animal kill or commit murder . 
  yet only one condems and punishes it . 
  what a great argument . 
  designed for pea-brains . 
   iq is not a statistic to be taken seriously , so i dont know what you are on about . 
  that was kind of the point . 
  sign no. 4   mental illness is almost never visible , so you would not be able to pick people out unless they want to adress the problem themselves . 
  almost never visible ? 
  give me a rough percentage or an estimate . 
  because people can tell if someone is a loony . 
  look at the pictures of this swiss guy and tell me that he looks mentally healthy . 
  how much lies can you feed to yourself ? 
   until you consider that people who are suffering with mental illness dont know what it is until they seek professional help . 
  are you saying that mentally ill people are living completely isolated , alone and out of anyone 's sight ? 
  do you have stats for how many mentally ill people seek help or anything to back up your argument ? 
   stigmatizing mental illness has a very real negative effect . 
  what 's your stance on paedophilia ? 
   holy shit man , ** you realize that the mentally ill arent all criminals on the berge of going on a fucking massacre ** . 
  most usually just need some kind of therapy , community and/or medication . 
  sign no . 
  1 of low iq . 
  never mentioned or implied that all mentally ill people are criminals or soon-to-be criminals . 
  what i said can be summed up as `` better safe than sorry '' for peanut brain people . 
   you want me to tell you why your argument is fucking stupid ? 
  and here comes sign no . 
  2 ...  lets say someone has some form of chronic depression and is antisocial . 
  why the fuck would they say that they are suffering from an illness ? 
  mental illness works just like regular illness , unless it is treated , it often gets worse over time . 
  they would let the problem build up , become worse and worse until they fucking do something !, 
  mental illness is almost never visible , so you would not be able to pick people out unless they want to adress the problem themselves . 
  as one serbian user pointed out ; the institutionalisation method is to be used only for those with serious mental illnesses , people who are a risky weight to society and are above-average unpredictable . 
  people with depression can get help and in most cases lose all symptoms of depression while a schizo etc. 
  will never be adjusted to society . 
  i do n't know if can simplify it further for peanut brain people . 
   and another thing , i 'm almost certain this has been done before . 
  they were called insane asylums , and they were fucking disgusting . 
  so dont run your mouth about something you know shit-all about , you fucking moron , holy fuck . 
  what is your point ? 
  are you saying that if we implemented the aforementioned method , it would be a la insane asylums ? 
  with ice baths , lobotomy and electroshocks ? 
  are you daft ? 
  is your thought process so skewed ? 
  are you living next to something radioactive ? 
  did you get tested ? 
   so dont run your mouth about something you know shit-all about , you fucking moron , holy fuck . 
  was somebody you know/love a drooling blockhead ? 
  possible sign no. 3 of low iq, 
  what a retarded fucking question . 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  moving the goal posts when somebody wipes the floor with your dumb argument . 
  to answer the question that you did n't write , but still meant it : yeah , i 'd feel very bad about my family member being institutionalised for their entire life . 
  but i 'd rather have him drool 24/7 than going on a killing spree , killing and hurting innocents . 
  so selfish !, 
  boo hoo my family member is retarded and dangerous so we 'll let him live in the forest outside of any supervision . 
  how noble, 
  a mini-populist, 
  r/politics is leaking, 
  what a man man !, 
  and he still got played like a school boy, 
  mostly old agramers , but some words are still used by us young . 
  mostly on the internet . 
  ca n't speak for conversations between real life americans though . 
  there 's a lot of people with dual citizenship not only in your government , but in hollywood , news industry , show biz etc. 
  ask yourself to who ( m ? ), 
  are they loyal to . 
   who cares ? 
  pathological moral busy-bodies and thought police care about when people call out a certain group of people that is overrepresented in everything to do with politics , power , money , media and influence . 
  it 's a common label that is thrown around in this sub . 
  good way to denigrate opposition and silence users . 
  you have something against soros ? 
  * must be because he is a jew !, 
  * you have something against huge corporations that influence globalist policies ? 
  * globalist is a code-word for jews !, 
  nazi !, 
  for you, 
  democracy : proven, 
   israel is a parasite that hides behind american power to push an agenda harmful to american interests , and it needs to be put in it 's place in a big way . 
  not saying i disagree , but this really activated my almonds . 
  what particular group ( s ) of people would agree with this statement ? 
  he 's a big guy, 
  i 'll leave you feeling smug , i bet it makes you feel a good-good in your tummy . 
  too bad your reading comprehension is so shit . 
  i answered your question in my previous reply , but you would need to be able to read between the lines .
