  what kind of fucked up forks do you use ? 
  pipe the fuck down , he did n't even mention the us . 
  this weird reflex of americans wanting everything to be about them is very strange . 
  kotl of the light rip in peace, 
  rustled , you piece of shit ? 
  no , hand washing would n't prevent this . 
  healthcare workers use disposable gloves anyway . 
  at no point while writing this did you realize that it comes out really stupid ? 
  giving an approximation of water molecules is even easier than cells with avogadro 's number . 
  yes they are easy to transfer , that 's why we have gloves . 
  a simple handwash would n't be enough anyway . 
  it would take at least 5 minutes to properly do it . 
  also these disinfectants seriously fuck with your skin . 
  i find it much more plausible that the dumb fuck of a patient does n't give a shit about instructions , or is demented and starts wandering around the hospital touching all the nasty shit . 
  these are my two favourite champions ... interesting, 
  not just `` can be incorporated into your dna '' , it is integrated into the dna since it 's a retrovirus . 
  a video of a gif made of a video . 
  that 's why you put a lid on the food in the microwave , which you can just throw in the dishwasher if it gets messy . 
  wrong , do n't gank for nasus lanes early . 
  you will just push their lanes and leave them fucked for quite a while . 
  you would not believe how many stupid oversights happen because engineers simply do n't give a shit . 
  let the downvotes rain down upon you . 
  s [ weed ] en is literally euphoric . 
  i would say a chemistry/pharmacy student actually made these . 
  the labels seem to be glued on . 
  equal rights , yes . 
  the other equality is called communism and that did n't really work out . 
  but op does n't know the difference between alcoholism and drinking . 
  drinking is a choice and leads to alcoholism and at that point it 's a disease . 
  you do n't die or need medication if your coffee supply runs out . 
  if you only want the caffeine , try tea . 
  works the same and maybe wo n't give you the shits . 
  do you get the hardware disconnected sound in windows ? 
  if you do , then the cable has contact issues . 
  you can order a new cable from ebay and switch it out really easily . 
  playing games on the couch ? 
  what kind of casual do you take me for ? 
  record lectures , put em up on the cloud . 
  no wasted paper or precious harddrive space . 
  more expensive than a free storage like drive , onedrive , icloud , dropbox and easy to share with your studygroup . 
  coming from an m1 after their first anatomy exam . 
  dentures suck , your alveolar bone breaks down and it will tip constantly as you chew . 
  it 's ugly , you do n't feel with it and still have to take care of it like your own teeth . 
  implants suck a bit less , but you still have the problem of not feeling anything with them . 
  what do you think surgeons do ? 
  open heart surgery ? 
  they fucking cut your chest open with a saw . 
  calling a profession archaic because you have irrational phobias is a bit of a stretch mate . 
  you could stop being such a pussy and realize , that local anesthesia is much safer than general anesthesia . 
  why do general , where there is a chance you could die , when local anesthesia is enough , and a lot safer . 
  also working on patients with no muscle tone is a lot harder , and you could end up with more injuries , since you ca n't hold your mouth open . 
  if you take the risks of dying in a simple dental procedure , i 'm sure there are dentists that put you to sleep . 
  they be sayin , damn you got some big feet !, 
  transylvania-hungary would be a better comparison , since there 's actually a sizeable hungarian ethnic group there . 
  do you have a legit source on the odessa fire ? 
  i heard news that it was the separatists who burned the building . 
  unelected government ? 
  i 'm pretty sure the government is never elected , but appointed by the prime minister and the parliament or president . 
  and the prime minister is elected by the parliament . 
  carbonation is n't the problem . 
  if it was , sparkling water would cause erosion and as far as i know it does n't . 
  coke for example has phosphoric acid in it to counteract the sweetness , and it is acidic enough to cause erosion . 
  lemonades contain citric and probably ascorbic acid . 
  citric acid is a fairly strong organic acid , and citruses contain it in high concentrations . 
  actually she was designed as a toplaner , gypsylord her designer said that in a gd thread recently . 
  she just turned out to be better suited for jungle . 
  edit : http://www.surrenderat20.net/2014/05/red-post-collection-gypsylord-working.html?m=1, 
  what is championselect ? 
  arrogance , thinking he knew better than the doctors , who spend years studying how to cure these illnesses . 
  no periwinkle ? 
  it 's all very simple in principle , but people are different . 
  not everyone is buddha to endure the ridiculous amount of toxicity that is solo queue . 
  sooner or later most people snap . 
  you just described filth . 
  it 's a pretty good movie . 
   not knowing rigor mortis only lasts for a limited time, 
  what embalming you fucking nigger . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about , you should just kill yourself . 
  holy shit , you have not the slightest idea what you 're talking about . 
  assumptive ? 
  i know for a fact you are an idiot and have n't the faintest idea about enzymology . 
  just the clear this up , the hypothalamus produces gnrh , which stimulates fsh and lh release from the hypophysis which in turn stimulate testosterone production and spermatogenesis in the testes . 
  what did you work as ? 
  cause you 're about that intelligent . 
  the problem is gnrh release is pulsatile , and this pulsatility is needed in order to have the pituitary release gonadotropins properly . 
  it 's easier to inject testosterone , than having something similar to an insuline pump which works in a pulsatile fashion . 
  k http://youtu.be/5hfyjsqahl0, 
  in 100 years everyone will collectively experience loss of function mutations to their digestive enzymes . 
  we will also forget how to chew apparently . 
  could have been done better \u00e0 la spec ops : the line , now that 's a game that shits on you for killing . 
  what 's this 1990 ? 
  your views are outdated as fuck , league has bigger competition than a lot of sports you just listed , since a whole lot more people are playing . 
  being the best requires tremendous amount of training and work . 
  implying competing with the best in a video game does n't require perfect technique , mastery , tactics , communication and accurate muscle action . 
   its 50/50 if the team your with trolls/rng/luck . 
  sure you can be a beast . . but if your solo q team sucks your fucked . 
  bronze detected, 
  so the automated youtube copyright police does n't recognize it . 
  they sell aaa titles for so much because the development costs a lot more than a simple indie game . 
  heroes , not champions .
