  it does show how communication is essential , but without voice comms it 's impossible to communicate efficiently with people that are on their own voice channel . 
  i 'd be happy to play with premades if i could communicate efficiently , and i feel that would raise skill level overall , but riot has come out against voicechat quite a few times . 
  they might implement it 2 years from now , but until then soloq needs to come back . 
  since i 'm not buying armorpen it 's kinda wasted in runes , ad however feels a lot better earlygame and really helps if i get some early ganks . 
  silver sword , vampire oil , black blood , yrden and moon dust . 
  with no survivors !, 
  no , congenital hypothyroidism is called cretinism , so someone afflicted by that would be called a cretin . 
  definitely no , premade 3s have their own shotcaller and most of the time it 's impossible to go against that . 
  since they have majority you can either follow them into a bad call or just let them die . 
  i had a very positive experience with voice in csgo , climbed fairly high to supreme . 
  toxicity was n't really a problem , when losing hard people mostly just went silent . 
  i think voice puts a different perspective to teammates humanizing them , so saying hurtful things comes harder . 
  sadly it 's not coming to lol anytime soon since the team that could work on it is developing the new client . 
  so this guy does n't even give a shit but makes a useless video for clickbaiting . 
  well done teamliquid . 
  honestly the video is terrible , you are factually incorrect several times and just bank on the counter-circlejerk to back you up . 
  even then it would be fine if you would n't keep insulting the people who have different opinions than you , whoever the fuck you are since you do n't even introduce yourself . 
  the 1m20s self promotion in a 6 minute video is just straight up pathetic desperation . 
  i know being contrarian is hip on reddit , but next time at least think up relevant arguments . 
  why not ? 
  the video is shit low-effort clickbait content solely done for this guy 's self promotion . 
  it 's just like buzzfeed . 
  he starts with the fact that he 's indifferent and says he only made the video to contradict reddit 's opinion . 
  many people in this thread pointed out how he 's incorrect about overwatch ( it does n't even have ranked queues yet ) and that he does n't even know that new champselect and dynamic queue are two different things . 
  it is n't , solo carrying in csgo is a lot easier than league . 
  it 's not uncommon to win against premade 5s as solos because of the built-in voicechat their communication advantage is gone . 
   i play 2 positions , so i have now 100 % role attribution . 
  and you fall into the same mistake as the guy in the video , new champselect has nothing to do with dynamic queue . 
  why would it hurt for you to admit that other people prefer pure soloqueue . 
  why do you want to force everyone into something just because it 's convenient for you ? 
  simply , you can have your dynamicq and the people who want soloq should have that . 
  let the playerbase sort out the rest . 
   that just means your communication with your team needs to be better than what it currently is, 
  you simply ca n't communicate through pings and chat as efficiently as over voice . 
  it 's a non-argument . 
  i think dq is the last drop in many people 's cups , especially with riot teasing us with sq for months . 
  it would take riot absolutely no effort to make a separate pure solo queue and all this would end , people would go back to praising them . 
  most comments supporting dq are from people who are indifferent to the whole thing and are just tired of the reddit drama machine . 
  it 's kind of a kick in the nuts that people that do n't really care come out against something that many people are passionate about . 
   role selection impact the quality of dq . 
  as explain in the riot 's video , if you offer to select your position , you affect the queue time of dq ( more mid , less support ) and therefor if your q is too long , matchmaking looks for people more far away from your elo , affecting fairness of game . 
  indeed , and if you add premades of 2-3-4-5 to that , making a balanced game becomes even harder . 
  simply put pure soloq would be a lot more balanced since both player ratings would be more accurate , and the system would n't have to balance around premades with all kinds of elo weighting in the background . 
   are n't you exactly doing this to those who prefer dq ? 
  i have nothing against dq , it should stay parallel to solo and the community would decide which to play based on their experiences . 
  league has enough players that both could be populated , and if one them has to die , let it die . 
   no , that would split the player base and there would be not enough people in dq especialy in slow population server . 
  also , if you have no solo player in dq , you can never 4 man premade since nobody will fill that last slot . 
  i 'm absolutely against 4 man premades . 
  it needs to go . 
  take a look at how dota 2 does it . 
  they have a solo ladder and a 2-3-5 ladder . 
  that 's simply the best way to go about this whole thing . 
  nowhere is safe, 
  if you mute them they can still hear you . 
  according to my experience with cs , 13 year olds do n't talk much . 
  the infantile ones are all in casual blasting russian pop . 
  that 's how every cc immune ult works , you get disabled after your ult animation if you were hit during it ( and the cc lasts long enough ) . 
  he 's fine , if you hit your barrels you can still carry games easily . 
  sure you do n't spike as hard when you get iedge but the old build is still the way to go ( ie , shiv , pd ), 
  is your fast combo 110 % ? 
  in higher elos it 's absolutely essential . 
  riven however does n't fit every team , and the tank meta does n't exactly favor her . 
  if you do n't find success with her it 's time to play some alternatives and only pick riven when yours and the enemy 's comp allows it . 
  calling dq better is a bit of a stretch mate . 
  it 's popular sure , but it 's just a glorified normal draft with more flame and salt . 
  except this has nothing to do with programming . 
  they limited premades in diamond very easily , it would be a simple change to reduce that to just solos or whatever . 
  simpler version, 
  it does , but at a reduced rate . 
  cat eyes mutation in blood & wine . 
  whirl is n't the problem , it 's severance . 
  had the same thing on ng + . 
  managed to beat them after like 10 tries . 
  as healthy as having cancer is compared to death . 
  artificially hard ? 
  how ? 
  it 's actually very fair most of the time , you just have to learn what to do against a boss , and yes that means dying . 
  the game requires patience and thinking which is beyond the scope of the casual gamer . 
   a good way to tell if a game is artificially hard is how easy it is to replay it . 
  no , artificially hard is something where you die in one hit and the enemy dies in 1000 . 
  ds is easy the second time , because you know where to go , what to pick up , how to build your character and can parry and dodge everything since you learned all the attack patterns of enemies and bosses . 
   clunky navigating controls, 
  one thing you 're right about is that the inventory sucks , but tw3 inventory is shit too and it loads like ass on top of that . 
   poor camera, 
   too much information deliberately hidden from the player, 
  like what ? 
  controls are explained in the tutorial . 
   pure trial and error gameplay, 
  not at all , if you 're observant you can avoid traps very easily . 
  the game teaches you to not blindly run into a new area . 
  cutscenes in witcher are n't pre rendered 99 % of the time . 
  you did n't go over anything , you parrot the same shit every other casual does who needs to git gud . 
  use quen to ignore the stagger during the first rend . 
  the resell value of diamonds is shit . 
  place called leves usually has raspberry soup , really close to liberty bridge . 
  lol, 
  dentists also bend over for dental schools and to prices of materials and machinery . 
  no workouts or clothes can fix your face . 
  probably not , the most common is a. a  0  b  ab,
