   so your reasoning for calling a jackdaw a crow is because random people `` call the black ones crows ? '', 
  let 's get grackles and blackbirds in there , then , too . 
   also , calling someone a human or an ape ? 
  it 's not one or the other , that 's not how taxonomy works . 
  they 're both . 
  a jackdaw is a jackdaw and a member of the crow family . 
  but that 's not what you said . 
  you said a jackdaw is a crow , which is not true unless you 're okay with calling all members of the crow family crows , which means you 'd call blue jays , ravens , and other birds crows , too . 
  which you said you do n't . 
   it 's okay to just admit you 're wrong , you know ? 
  apparently some hawks are called buzzards outside the us . 
  dead horse ? 
  the whole thing was made up yesterday in a 4chan thread . 
  fat neckbeard confirmed . 
   go absolutely rabid over roma . 
  you probably never visited the rough parts of eastern europe . 
  i 've never had a problem with them , apart from a gypsy woman trying to steal from me and being spat on once for having blonde hair . 
  crime is rampant among these people and there 's very little they themselves do , even though we have free higher education and a really good social support system in universities . 
  anyone could go and get a degree without paying a dime . 
  reddit likes to play the racist card for some karma without having any idea about the situation . 
  exactly . 
  i had a yi in my game recently who said he wo n't be ganking for the first 15 mins so do n't die . 
  now that becomes problematic when the enemy has a mobi boots maokai jungle with huge pressure . 
  why would we be magically up in gold ? 
  if you play passive you will get pushed out if lane , lose your turret and the enemy can easily secure dragon . 
  i can afford to pick yi on my smurf , but the higher you go it becomes increasingly difficult to carry . 
  straight up refusing to gank until you get ff is really stupid . 
  if you 're silver you can do this every game you 're blue team . 
  start your red , go to enemy red right away and kill them . 
  works if you pick some strong early dueler like lee , kha , noc , udyr , yi etc. 
  hell nooooo , vi is one of the strongest early gankers . 
  if you focus on farming with her you 're doing it wrong . 
  it was easier to carry games alone , ranked was a lot less frustrating . 
  now winning requires more teamwork without proper tools to execute : voice chat and better pings . 
  irelia jungle was the most fun i had this year . 
  i usually just stand behind red towards mid next to the wall . 
  would n't work against poppy , but against lee for example it 's great . 
  or pull red out and see if small lizard aggros in the bush . 
  or if i do n't want to deal with that shit , just start red on purple side . 
  it 's a bit riskier tho , laners might actually look at the minimap and come to kill you . 
  it 's not always worth . 
  yasuo can deal with fizz easily if he picks exhaust . 
  i think he wanted to say `` target '' not opponent . 
  there 's nothing you can do , some people just do n't want to cooperate and end up losing you the game . 
  this happens in every elo , i frequently have to deal with this in plat . 
  the only thing that really helps is if you 're something like 10-0 . 
  regular ones are meh , but the w procs and es are awesome . 
  i 'm behind seven proxies and use incognito mode on google ultron . 
  nsa does n't stand a chance . 
  i play a lot of vi and it still worked yesterday . 
  i usually charge-flash-release . 
  no , thank this guy . 
  spam kata and yi , you 'll get that penta really easily . 
  wait for supports to go in and use cc , kill the back line in 4 autos and a q. yi is fun . 
  still better than being a virgin til 30 . 
  get rid of all the useless clutter and use it for something useful like tagging and filters . 
  i thought it would be the usual early flash from the laner and vi qing after . 
  was impressed . 
  cause ranked sucks sometimes , it 's not `` elo hell '' but losing because one guy goes afk or trolls is frustrating and people need to vent . 
  elo hell is the perceived situation caused by cognitive bias , where the player thinks he should be higher than where he is , but ca n't rise because of his teammates . 
  we should have pre-set flairs for roles and tiers without the text option . 
  except when the poppy runs an armor runepage and has 90 armor at level 1 . 
  poppy 's w gives 15 armor at level 1 , she 's not that bad against full ad champs like renek and riven . 
  irelia or trynd for example do much better against her . 
  irelia 's true damage ignores the passive , while trynd can reduce ad and he 's really hard to dive negating poppy 's big strength when she 's ahead . 
  also both of them have good sustain . 
  after s4 ends everyone will be reset towards 1200 mmr . 
  you will gain a lot more mmr per win for the first ~ 20-30 games , so if you get a lucky streak you can really shoot up in ranks easily . 
  last season the highest possible placement after provisionals was plat * i. 
  honestly , pick kha every time you can . 
  he 's in a really good spot right now and should be picked if he gets through banphase . 
  i really like fighters so i 'd prefer j4 and vi as fallback picks , lee has been nerfed a lot while these two remained unchanged so they can be pretty dominant . 
  j4 has a really strong earlygame and has a decent snowball . 
  vi is a bit weaker early but she scales harder and if she snowballs she can become unstoppable . 
  another reason for exhaust is easymode splitpushing . 
  you can duel easier with exh in mid and lategame . 
  i 'm gon na go and suggest gnar instead . 
  you seem to like ranged tops so he could really fit your style . 
  he 's also a tank in mega and really big lanebully early . 
  you do n't have to shit on someone just because he does n't want to hear generic advice . 
  not everyone is a top nasus main . 
  if it 's his fallback pick for toplane he might not be aware of strats that are obvious for a more experienced dog player . 
  it 's only worth on laners that are ad and autoattack a lot in lane . 
  critting with vlad is whatever , critting on riven wins you the lane . 
  just do n't try to 1v1 a vayne with equal gold . 
  i was watching your stream the other day , and you said `` i would go afk if i was n't streaming this game '' . 
  you were playing ap trynd mid and wanted to afk because your top nida was toxic . 
  best content is esex . 
  kha is the only one who will straight up wreck you . 
  you can outplay lee and the rest do n't usually go for cheese . 
  ask your mom . 
  call it a jackdaw . 
  to learn new roles ? 
  i smurfed on eune so i would have an account besides my euw main . 
  i smurfed after not playing league for 5 months , so i would n't get stomped so hard at my main mmr . 
  there are a legitimate reasons for smurfing . 
  unranked is a shitfest , it is n't competitive at all and full of 3-4 ( or 5 ) man premades . 
  the problem is you do n't understand that i do n't want to play with any premades . 
  the best situation is ranked where there is a max of 2 2-man premades . 
  there might be a slim chance to not have premades in a normal , but there 's still an infinitely bigger chance to have 4-5 man premades than in ranked .
