  seems like bullshit to me . 
  playing in a ranked team with friends made me improve more in 1 month than 1 year of soloq . 
  the fact that we get to play against a lot of diamond players also helps . 
  play sivir , seriously , she 's really good in soloq . 
  circlejerk on the frontpage :(, 
  a community consists of different people , who have different opinions . 
  well xj9 was banned because of elo boosting , not for being toxic like the other two . 
  up to this day , i 've never even seen anything here about montecristo or this guy . 
  all this drama is just unnecessary as the internet and people wo n't fundamentally change after one article that has a really inappropriate tone and a sense of butthurtness to it . 
  he might not be a rioter for long , after he raged on phreak 's stream , tryndamere was asking phreak who he was , then phreak hid the client . 
  only 90s kids will get this, 
  i go botrk  shiv on vayne . 
  she 's a really strong duelist and is somewhat bursty , the shiv proc and botrk active both emphasize on those . 
  shiv has always worked better for me , vayne has godlike lategame anyways , and shiv gives me a stronger early-midgame which is much more valuable in soloq where games rarely last more than 40 mins . 
  q since e was nerfed . 
  pick irelia , get mr and do n't fight in his ult . 
  watch his heat bar , you can fight him when he overheats and when he has less than 40-50 heat . 
  do n't start a fight when he has 40-80 . 
  people tend to listen to those who do well in the game . 
  if you won your lane and have a few kills , your teammates will be more likely to follow your calls . 
  avoid teamfighting against rumble in tight spaces , out in the open his ult is a lot weaker . 
  as irelia you need to think like an assassin , wait for bit before going in for the carry , she differs from other assassins though due to her awesome passive ( cc does n't shut her down that hard ) . 
  you can stab the heart from the left side between the ribs ( 4th-5th ) , no need to get through bones . 
  in higher levels of play skarner is completely useless . 
  he ca n't gank , see udyr before the buffs , who had a stun . 
  skarner has a slow on the 2nd q hit , which is pretty useless . 
  then when he wants to ult , the enemy can simply walk away , pulling a tank is kinda counterproductive . 
  well played ggu , props to zionspartan for his awesome performance all 3 games . 
  bullshit , this is physically impossible . 
  / u/computer _ baby is right . 
  source : i 'm in med school . 
  `` we do not pity the meek , for courage is the true salvation of the freljord . 
  we are the warcry on the wind , we are the strength of the mountains , we are the claws of winter ! '', 
  tribal icons pls reddit . 
  i play lol mainly , and i have to say that soraka is really fun in certain matchups , where you can just go balls deep from lvl1 . 
  amumu ult is quite like tidehunter 's . 
  it 's a common misconception , that amumu ult stuns . 
  it 's a unique cc effect called entangle , which is a snare , where you ca n't autoattack . 
  only melee carry picks get ridiculed , that 's about 3-4 champions . 
  to do enough damage , you have to build glass cannon and it 's impossible to survive without cc immunity . 
  the only one that 's close to being viable is tryndamere since he gets 5 seconds of death immunity and a flat 80 aoe ad reduction and slow . 
  ashe , annie , evelynn , gragas , jarvan , malphite , nami , nautilus , rumble , sejuani , sona , vi , zyra if you are interested , some of these ults are really cool . 
  then you have ults where you jump between them and then use ult like galio , wukong , kennen , morgana , xin zhao . 
  well it 's pretty gamebreaking , since a sivir player expects to block a spell fully with a spellshield . 
  getting caught by the amumu snare can cost you the game . 
  that 's just like your opinion man . 
  blaze it faggot , amirite ? 
  fuck i 'm old, 
  made an account just to upfedora this . 
  will the tribal songs be released ? 
  i chose the winter 's claw because they had the best theme and was really disappointed when it was n't uploaded to soundcloud . 
  i will get morokei with the next name clear !, 
  as the philosopher jagger once said , you ca n't always get what you want . 
  actually dota is way more balanced than lol atm due to the insane amount of great items and item actives . 
  the biggest problem riot faces right now is that they limited their own available designs compared to dota with their anti-fun concept and champions just are n't as unique and fun anymore . 
  lee was released two years ago , and has suffered subsequent nerfs partly because his kit is so powerful . 
  besides you completely missed my point . 
  when i told my dota friends that riot does n't make skills like pudge hook or tiny toss because of potential trolling they went like `` wow that 's stupid '' , and i have to agree . 
  ally interaction would add a lot of additional depth to the game . 
  tether can stun yes . 
  every enemy jungler with half a brain would just shit on your jungler and outpressure him . 
  losing one early buff is such a huge xp loss , that it can cripple a jungler for the entirety of a game . 
  vi stands for violated by riot balance team . 
  she really does suck though :(, 
  machete - doran 's damage difference on a level 1 drain is about 1 dmg towards machete assuming 25 base ap from runes and masteries . 
  as soon as you get the lvl 2 drain , machete gives you about 15 more damage . 
  the 1.10 damage amplification outscales the 15 ap from doran 's due to the base damage of the spell . 
  at level one you would need 1.515 ap to do the same damage with machete as with doran 's . 
  keep in mind that this doesnt take into account the 10 bonus true damage on autoattacks from the machete . 
  doran 's might be a better choice on fiddle due to other factors in the game , but damage wise , machete is better . 
  you could just steal the enemy red if your duo lane really needs it . 
  you obviously need to laneswap to do this on blue side . 
  take a pink ward if you 're paranoid . 
  there was a picture posted on this subreddit this week about a guy missing his face due to a failed shotgun suicide . 
  edit : http://www.reddit.com/r/gore/comments/1dled5/something_to_the_face/, 
  nevermind the 2 kgs of bacteria in our colons . 
  ftfy, 
  i do n't think towerpushing is all that fun to watch . 
  i enjoy long games with teamfights much more , than stomps thanks to global gold from turrets . 
  that said dota has two mechanics to counteract this . 
  tower denies and fortify . 
  denies are obviously out of the question in lol , but i would like to see fortify make a comeback . 
  honestly you do n't need to main roles/champs until high gold . 
  silver is n't that hard . 
  for dem kids in africa yo, 
  the problem with caitlyn is that she does n't fall of lategame hard enough compared to the so called hypercarries , all the while she has the strongest laning phase of all adcs . 
  she 's also relatively safe and fits the tower pushing meta perfectly . 
  there are simply no tradeoffs when picking her , thus the nerfs . 
  you can check your emails on your phone . 
  the shield stacks , so it has a 0.6 ap ratio now essentially . 
  nidalee ca n't jungle and her signature skill has 1500 range . 
  you can use your own rp to buy your friend skins/champions . 
  you need to be level 20 + and have to be friends for at least 2 weeks before you can gift though . 
  yes , also my mouse sensitivity got fucked up . 
  so people just leaving is better ? 
  the people who want to be dicks will be dicks no matter what . 
  the safe to leave function is essentially a surrender type thing with a 5 min delay . 
  cutomizable hud , the dota 2 hud just has too many unnecessary parts that do n't convey any usefol info . 
  also minimap on the right side . 
  in a game where the mouse mostly moves from the bottom left to the upper right putting the map in the bottom left is just fucking stupid , to put it bluntly .
