  with the introduction of team profile icons , you can directly support your favourite esports team , and lol esports overall . 
  the meta is restricted to 2 solo lanes , a duo lane and a jungle , just like how dota is 1-1-3 . 
  i have 9 hours of csgo with 1.711 kd and 0.21 accuracy . 
  with the ak you just basically crouch and oneshot the enemy in the head . 
  you can spray with anything in cqb as long as you pull your crosshairs down . 
  bf3 has way more depth than cs , and if you spray in bf3 at longer ranges , anyone who burst fires will obliterate you . 
  bf3 is more forgiving though with revives and health regen , and it will seem easier , since more noobs play it . 
  anyway the meta will be always restricted in mobas , since there are 5 heroes for 4 gold sources . 
  afaik the dota meta is 3 laners and 2 supports/junglers who roam about ganking and stacking creeps . 
  the hard carry goes on the safe lane , ganker goes mid , and then you have someone on the short lane who can get farm and does n't die xv1 . 
  that was the meta a couple months ago in pro games i watched , low level pubs will always be different though . 
  i 'm just passing through from the front page , but check out brooks , they make some quality bike saddles and have messenger bags too . 
  actually , you 're the one who 's new . 
  he 's a known downvote whore . 
  you could n't be more wrong , the bleed did a ton of damage , but it was n't as flashy as the q. 
  so remove oranges too . 
  it should n't counter ults as a basic skill ... 
  focus on a few champions you enjoy and grind it out . 
  playing champions you 're good at is a lot better than playing the fotm you do n't know so well . 
  google synthol, 
  you do n't since 3.8 . 
  spec ops : the line if you have n't played it yet . 
  tribunal is broken because the the reported player 's messages are taken out of context by different coloring . 
  i was punished recently by the tribunal , and when i looked at my case with ignoring the circumstances i would 've punished myself . 
  but i remembered these games and i was flamed heavily before i lashed back out . 
  if you see someone saying something vulgar you insta punish , but if i say stfu after being flamed for 20 minutes , it 's not punishable at all . 
  it 's not that easy , i consider myself pretty thick-skinned , but soloq can mess with my head too . 
  it 's not even flaming that gets me , it 's flaming that 's completely unjustified and based on some stupid twisted reasoning . 
  also premades have too much power when reporting , i personally think premades have no place in ranked too , but that 's an entirely different matter . 
  do n't build roa on diana , nashor 's is a great item if you plan to splitpush , it does n't really help in teamfights since you rely on your burst there , while in a 1v1 situation constant dps is more valuable . 
  as reduction . 
  well played !, 
  well played !, 
  hltv innovative ? 
  i guess it was 10 years ago . 
  league had no funding in the early days compared to dota , that 's why it was so much worse in the beginning . 
  riot is evil , pls report . 
  you ca n't really compare a multiplayer game with constant updates and microtransactions to a single player game you only have to buy once . 
  i never said these things are bad , they just make the games incomparable . 
  dota is constantly updated since it makes constant revenue . 
  you simply ca n't compare that to something that is left as it is after releasing it . 
  actually , where i live the blackwidow was the cheapest mechanical keyboard . 
  only problem i had with it was that it did n't work for a day after i spilled orange juice in it . 
  mousepads do make a difference , optical mice track better on non shiny surfaces . 
  other than that the size of those things really matters . 
  i need a qck + cause i use a slow sensitivity . 
  cause this is from xbox , even this guy can barely aim . 
  0:13 -0.16 longest cqb fight ever . 
  drawback of hardcore is that you do n't have to really burst fire and aim , since people die so fast . 
  your lane is most likely camped because either your teammates are losing hard and need no further jungler presence , or the jungler is premade with your lane opponent . 
  getting camped at top is the worst thing that can happen , a game can snowball just from you losing xp due to the nature of the lane . 
  if the enemy has a snowball going , you ca n't wait for endgame , cause there wo n't be one unless they throw . 
  what you can do :, 
  * ask your jungler for a countergank, 
  * tell your teammates to do dragon , invade their jungle, 
  i do n't like this post at all , since people rarely feed in games . 
  over the course of 800 ranked games , i met less than 10 intentional feeders . 
  sometimes you have no choice but to go suicide splitpush so you create pressure and are not completely useless . 
  using terms known from lol wo n't promote the game to people who do n't know anything about it . 
  you should be happy there 's a game that 's easier to get into , and provides a stepping stone towards dota . 
  your animosity towards lol is even more funny considering that without lol there would never have been a dota 2 . 
  1v1 me faget, 
  socrates died for this shit , and we 're taking it too lightly . 
  yes , as an adult it 's your responsibility to think of the consequences of your decisions . 
  being drunk out of your mind cause yolo is not a valid excuse , and you still have the option of taking a morning-after pill . 
  i 'm doing the same , but with endomondo , it 's a really neat app . 
  go to / r/dota2 and mention league of legends . 
  the gdp per capita is $ 10k higher in the us , what 's your excuse now ? 
  at least try to make a valid point if you want to argue , the us government could make both education and health care free if they did n't spend so much on the military , nsa etc. 
  mix sulfuric acid and sugar . 
  there is no apache in bf3 . 
  earth is capable of sustaining a lot more people , the only problem is we do n't utilise the resources efficiently . 
  running out of oil and gas is not a real problem since the sun provides more than enough energy . 
  vi is alright , but she 's harder to play than most junglers after the nerfs . 
  game of thrones 3x06 littlefinger 's monologue on chaos . 
  i 'm pretty sure you slept through 50 % of your classes . 
  i 'm guessing you do n't know what third world actually means . 
  the problem is n't stomach acid , it 's the liver . 
  basically every vein from your stomach and intestines goes to the liver except for the last parts of the colon/rectum . 
  burning asshole can also be caused by eating chili . 
  yea , i have [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sdis2ef.jpg ) dbz shirt , and it does n't prevent the occasional sex . 
  so what 's hiv ? 
  my htc one s has xt9 , which is t9 for full keyboards . 
  riot has grown a lot since then , tons of new people work there who had nothing to do with all this . 
  do you hate them too ? 
  they 're one of the few companies who actively communicate with players on the forums daily . 
  but is this proven or is it just a myth ? 
  apart from one guy claiming he designed some elements that were stolen , there is no concrete evidence , since the links do n't work . 
  big - firm - real, 
  pick two . 
  also / r/boltedontits, 
  best i can do is about tree fiddy . 
  i 'm science and i reached g-spots . 
  checkmate . 
  you do n't know much about dentistry , do you ? 
  or you could just say `` not interested '' so you do n't sound like a douche . 
  well played !, 
  best community ever, 
  actually the skin of teenagers is more elastic , so they are less likely to get these than older people . 
  the tendency to have kids later in life ( 35 + ) is worse in a biological sense .
