  if you want challenge , play a multiplayer game . 
  holy fucking shit . 
  ori came out in 2011 i think , not one on the old champs . 
  filthy milk-drinkers . 
  i just watched it and itvwas pretty good . 
  you see , they 're better than the people in the other thread because they commented here even though everyone 's seen the pics . 
  hypocrites calling out other people for being hypocritical and jerking in their respective subreddits . 
  it 's better to not give a fuck and get some popcorn . 
  welcome to 100 years ago . 
  the problem here is that most people have fuck all to do with nsa because they 're not american . 
  you may have elected them but people from all over the world use these services and it 's sure as fuck illegal especially in the eu where privacy is an actual thing . 
  they do n't . 
  that 's the cias business . 
  the nsa does monitor non-us targets and spy on non-us people from the us which is illegal . 
  you could play on any eu server and get decent ping so it 's time to reinstall :d, 
  i just played this matchup as yasuo , i ran exhaust so akali could n't dive me . 
  she had teleport so it worked out pretty well . 
  since you do n't have to lose anything , experiment !, 
  vi is my favourite jungler and i change my build around all the time . 
  getting trinity when you 're ahead will let you 1v1 pretty much anything , so you can really make picks wherever you want . 
  my favourite build is probably sotel/trinity/blackcleaver / botrk \u00b1 boots and a defensive item . 
  i have to agree with this , going hydra , and getting ghostblade for the lost ms of botrk is a really strong alternative . 
  especially with a full arpen runepage . 
  u wot m8 ? 
  yea , not really , fords are known for their unreliability in europe . 
  found the apple marketer . 
  i 'm sure the 2011 macbook owners are really happy with their overpriced paperweights . 
  apple is good if you 're an it fucktard . 
  the only support i have ever contacted was my isp because the fault was on their end . 
  the ipad and iphone are decent but still overpriced compared to their features . 
  yea , league and dota are hard for outsiders to appreciate . 
  you have to invest around a hundred hours just to grasp the basics , and then the game constantly changes from month to month ( even the lore :( . 
  mmm , oral cancer . 
  i do , your original comment is still wrong tho . 
   serious tools for serious people, 
  it 's a computer , it is overpriced compared to the actual hardware . 
  you pay huge extra for the name and design . 
  serious people do n't give a shit about those , and buy other reliable laptops with better hardware for the same price or less . 
  still a paperweight . 
  nice anecdote though , hope you did n't actually type that out . 
  not a widespread issue , that 's why there are almost 14.000 singers on this petition . 
  you can stop your hardcore shilling and , and i 'll take my medal for winning the an internet argument with copypaste links . 
  ( at least i have sources unlike `` apple is `` ignoring calls '' for a recall because it 's not a widespread issue , but that does n't mean they are n't dealing with each case individually - they are . '', 
  could n't you buy it used from people who already finished the course ? 
   you probably signed it , did n't you ? 
  i knew you would say this , but i did n't because i do n't give a shit about the problems of apple sheep , they brought this on themselves . 
  i remember back when i was leveling with my friends on old tt , building probably ap miss fortune , not understanding how malza just kills me . 
  evelynn completely wrecking face ( back when she had a stun ) , good times . 
  and it was a bug . 
  it was n't intended . 
  also , you can see the vasculature since they run above the photoreceptors . 
  the brain is just very good at canceling them out but you can trick yourself into seeing them . 
  the second part is from cloud atlas right ? 
  when the writer kicks the guy from the roof . 
  you could just alt + tab out , and bring up the league client by clicking on the taskbar icon to chat . 
  yea , hots is n't a competitor , the few dominion players might migrate , but the vast majority of people enjoy sr and will stick with that . 
  put up deep wards in the enemy jungle . 
  you can see every enemy gank coming from a mile away and if you pick a strong counterganker you pretty much win the game . 
  if the enemy jungler is dead , it opens up their camps so you can steal really easily . 
  also lower rated junglers can be easily cheesed at their red if you 're on blue team , and they generally have bad buff control , which you can exploit with wards . 
  why would he ? 
  if you generally do n't like a genre , listening to a lot of it wo n't make you like it any more . 
  i have perfect wifi signal on my desktop 3 rooms away from the router , and the house has brick walls . 
  there 's no direct los from the antenna to the router . 
  sshds do exist though . 
  who is this 4 chan ? 
  actually the `` recent '' ult change made zed 's damage more unreliable . 
  your ult shadow is much further from your target making double shurikens harder and double slow pretty much impossible . 
  why did n't you just keep buying every skin on sale ? 
  could 've saved a shitton . 
  death mark, 
  travel duration increased to 0.75 seconds from 0.35 . 
  zed now spawns the shadow at the cast location , ** instead of behind ** the target . 
   however reddit and other league players banded together and signed a petition to the school with nearly 10,000 signatures . 
  he is now exempt from attending school for a year while still being admitted next year , and he 's allowed to pursue his dream as a professional gamer as well . 
  what the hell , you ca n't just do that automatically ? 
  if i wanted to take a year off at my uni , i would just need to sign up for a passive semester instead of an active . 
  i did a year in pharmacy , now in dental school , even more competitive . 
  you 'd get a major case of blue balls after a couple hours with no release . 
  you can use a username on yt pretty easily . 
  i did n't want to use my real name either so i set up a google + channel page and could just keep my original user . 
  get a 4 wheel drive , and your problem is solved . 
  life ... is a journey through life . 
  kmph = kilometers per hour, 
  when i 'm camping it 's usually crouching in a corner with an assault rifle in hand . 
   then not even a year after they were removed . 
  i have an open bite ( my teeth do n't meet ), 
  did you wear your retainers ? 
   friends, 
  well , there 's your problem . 
  tinder is a hookup app . 
   here 's the thing . 
  you said a `` jackdaw is a crow . '', 
   is it in the same family ? 
  yes . 
  no one 's arguing that . 
   as someone who is a scientist who studies crows , i am telling you , specifically , in science , no one calls jackdaws crows . 
  if you want to be `` specific '' like you said , then you should n't either . 
  they 're not the same thing . 
   if you 're saying `` crow family '' you 're referring to the taxonomic grouping of corvidae , which includes things from nutcrackers to blue jays to ravens .
