  it 's painfully obvious you have no clue about cs : go while i actually played bf . 
  teamwork in bf is awfully simple , get in a coordinated squad a mow people down , it just does n't offer any challenge to me . 
  it 's exactly the type of game that caters to the casual audience by offering a lot of gadgets , vehicles , pat on the head levelups so you do n't realize that it 's a terribly balanced clusterfuck casual `` shooter '' . 
  boring for casuals who think the fun is in unlocks , gadgets and flashy graphics with confirmed release day dlcs . 
  it 's a pure tactical fps you have to spend a couple hundred hours learning before you even begin to have a good grasp on the fundamentals . 
  yep , you ( who never played csgo ) , have a better understanding of the faults of the game than people who actually did . 
  you could n't be a biggest condescending prick if you tried . 
  meaning you have some of the basic principles of csgo down in theory . 
  textbook [ dunning-kruger ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dunning-kruger_effect ) . 
   i can see why people dislike them , but personally i think it encourages players to try a variety of weapons and classes . 
  sure , but it always ends with there being a cookie cutter best weapon with a fixed set of attachments . 
   what 's wrong with gadgets ? 
  c4 is super fun , and stuff like ammo crates and medic bags encourage teamwork . 
  if there was no passive regen , ammo was more limited and crates had charges sure . 
  right now you can just throw crates/bags with a couple second delay . 
   of course this is a good thing . 
  good graphics ! = bad gameplay . 
  not if it hinders gameplay clarity . 
  bf3 sunglare comes to mind first , but the fact that players can freely choose appearances shows there was no thought put into this . 
  compare it with [ this writeup ] ( http://www.counter-strike.net/reintroducing_train ) of the redesign of csgo map . 
   nobody likes paying extra , but vanilla battlefield 4 is a complete game ( 10 original maps ) and there are dozens of vanilla map only servers . 
  besides , cs : go might as well be renamed counterstrike : dust 2 , since that 's the only map anyone plays . 
  if you queue in active duty group casual yes , you will play dust2 a lot , but in competitive you can choose from 21 maps with new maps coming out with operations , available free for everyone . 
   so where does the `` fun '' part come in ? 
  comes down to who finds what fun . 
  for me it 's competitive games , with a great professional scene . 
  headshots , moving/stationary/crouched accuracy . 
  map timings , knowing when and how to peek , flashes , countering flashes by turning away , teamdamage . 
  using mollies to force cts holding angles to move , or using them to stop rushes . 
  pushing through molotovs to surprise the enemy . 
  using smokes to block vision , and stop rushes . 
  popflash smokes and push through as ct/t . 
  let ts take the site and focus on retakes , anticipating enemy tactics and flanks . 
  being confident about what the enemy currently bought by calculating their economy . 
  ecoing or forcebuying , buying galil/famas with utility or buying ak/m4 with none . 
  not buying head armor . 
  using the silenced ct weapons to your advantage . 
  one way smokes . 
  boosting teammates . 
  throwing utility on one site and pushing the other to force a rotation . 
  it 's painfully obvious you have not played a competitive teamgame at a decent level . 
  it does n't . 
   i can easily explain to you how other shooters are more complex , tactical , and difficult to master . 
  i 'm waiting . 
  adding stuff for complexity 's sake does n't add strategic depth . 
  still waiting . 
  cause i 'm still talking about a game while you 're talking out of your ass . 
  bf bushmonkey laser designating anything ? 
  everyone bailing from transport choppers cause pilots are retarded ? 
  medics spamming bags ? 
  all very tactical and strategic right ? 
  sure bf has things , which no one uses , cause the game does n't force you to . 
  it 's the epitome of bad design . 
  the best strategy in this game is getting in a littlebird with 2 people repairing you and killing everyone . 
  wow , what a tactical game . 
  so you 're saying because bf has a lot of stuff nobody uses , it somehow makes it a better game ? 
  that just makes it badly designed and balanced . 
  then maybe it should have built-in voice chat . 
  also none of that requires any skill , practice or knowledge . 
  coordination in bf ? 
  hey guy shoot this , let me get an orange dorito on it , or press 3 to drop a box you have an infinite number of . 
  you know how that works in cs ? 
  you learn the callouts on every map you play and communicate through voip . 
  the level of coordination in cs is a whole level above this . 
  taking mirage a as t ? 
  your team needs to [ smoke ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kd-hxlb9gw0 ) off 3 spots before even trying to advance , which need to be thrown from outside . 
  bf does n't even have nadespots because it 's not played at a high enough level to need this type of coordination . 
   pilots constantly have to worry about anti-air weaponry, 
  and infantry constantly has to worry about being shot . 
  stationary aa just means you ca n't fly over the enemy base , evading stingers on city maps is painfully easy , and on open maps you still have countermeasures , and they are n't even ohk . 
  sure mobile aas can be dangerous , but on you can easily hide behind buildings , or terrain very quickly . 
  i think it 's possible to get on the train at kelenf\u00f6ld station instead of keleti which would mean you can bypass the whole thing . 
  that station was keleti , but afaik railjets have another stop in budapest before reaching keleti called kelenf\u00f6ld , so you can bypass the migrants . 
  why ? 
  current government is center-right and the economic crisis was never blamed on the treaty of versailles . 
  the police is n't a humanitarian organization , it 's responsiblities are protecting citizens , property and law . 
  misleading reports from foreign media portray it as police aggression . 
  [ `` hungarian policemen detain migrants on the tracks ** as they wanted to run away ** at the railway station in the town of bicske , hungary , september 3 , 2015 . 
  a camp for refugees and asylum seekers is located in bicske '' ] ( http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/09/03/uk-europe-migrants-hungary-idukkcn0r30ft20150903 ), 
  i 'm not sure how pushing your family is `` running away '' . 
  [ austrian newspaper does n't show the fact that the man pushed them onto the tracks himself . 
  ] ( http://derstandard.at/2000021684086/fluechtlinge-verweigern-transport-in-ungarisches-lager ), 
  by the dublin regulation , migrants need to be registered in the first eu country they enter . 
  these camps were set up after austria and germany repeatedly asked hungary to enforce the rules as strictly as possible . 
  are you saying that 's not what exactly happened ? 
  it 's a man , speaking arabic , pushing a woman holding a child onto railroad tracks . 
  since hungarians do n't speak arabic , it 's safe to assume he is a migrant . 
  he is clearly forcing his wife and endangering his own child just because there are cameras around . 
  yes i think that 's crazy . 
  not to this scale , bf3 never had a major weapon patch , only adjustments to the op ones . 
  [ obvious bait . 
  [ allahu - akhbarstorm ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iziv6bmplfw ), 
  does she also refuse to play mass effect and dragon age ? 
  both games are focused on sexuality and fanservice . 
  also as witcher is an rpg game , you can easily ignore the romance part if you so desire . 
  it really seems to me she just bought into the terrible polygon review . 
  i think it 's because the witcher is already an established universe in the books , while me and da are both brand new . 
  have n't read the books yet , but afaik yen and geralt have a pretty long history in there . 
  i really , really , really like this image . 
  camps are in fact policed and protected , with you know , all the police around who the foreign news call fascists .
