yaaay , i get a leave because riot ca n't fix their own shit . 
  real, 
  rather scumbag riot . 
  boost starts at 4 a.m. cet , how great is that ? 
  so you are asking money for what 's standard these days . 
  pathetic, 
  the best part of guides is always the matchup section . 
  just write a short summary of the common lane matchups , how to play it , and what items to buy . 
  firstpick said me support . 
  my work here is done . 
  too many trinity forces . 
  so retarded , that 's called the hamburger type . 
  guess u guys never had a hamburger, 
  `` he has no escape '', 
  like he needs one . 
  seriously , he has a 52 % slow , and 2200 range . 
  who ? 
  what ? 
  akali is tons of fun , but if you really want ranged , then get corki . 
  `` balr\u00e1bb '' ~ to the left, 
  back in my time we called these people dickheads , not nihilists, 
  did you use to cast i-series with deman , or other cod4 matches back in the day ? 
  your voices are very familiar ... 
  spectating dota is very deceiving , looks fun , then you get in the game and it 's just purely annoying . 
  not hard , just annoying . 
  we had this too , i think it happens when you get a penta , and the quadra before that gets deleted , then subtracted . 
  0 \\ 10 bad attempt at trolling go die u scrub, 
  i changed my attitude , oh wait it 's still 4v5 . 
  obviously superior teamcomps win , this mostly means a fuckton of cc . 
  dota2 is probably easier than lol , there are less champs/heros less abilities to learn and stronger items . 
  gg always had to meanings . 
  if said mid game it means the game is over , like when getting aced at baron , or something like that . 
  the other usage is just simply calling good game at the end . 
  nobody cares rainbow, 
  no he was n't , that 's why riot did n't realise it/him in the end . 
  they are n't idiots you know , but of course everyone knows better . 
  rengar should only gain ferocity stacks when he uses an ability on a champion , this right now is just stupid, 
  rp cards do n't work on euw afaik, 
  you either got carried by a duo friend or are extremely lucky . 
  nothing to ask about . 
  how i hate that furry little bastard . 
  done the same not long ago . 
  fake, 
  they could just duo with them too , my friend was recently carried from 1615 to 1900 by a ~ 2000 elo smurf . 
  best soloq carries are twisted fate/nocturne/amumu / malphite, 
  all these giveaways , gl for getting that skin . 
  wish i could 've gone to gamescom . 
  yay , giveaways !, 
  tristana does n't have stealth and is n't tanky at all . 
  she is way riskier for the same reward -  balanced, 
  fucking hell , no one cares about this shit . 
  you guys have too much free time , the idiocy in this thread is just overwhelming . 
  swiss type plug right there . 
  so it 's the chart that ultimately does n't represent anything for lol . 
  ( statistics ya know ), 
  yay broodmother !, 
  but seriously ... ward skins ? 
  oh , we ca n't see her face , she must look exactly like x. 
  how dumb do you have to be . 
  edit . 
  pictures are misleading too , diana 's skin looks totally different and this pic is only a sneak peek, 
  so you say you want diversity , then disregard anything that is a different female design ( lulu , annie , trist , cassi ) . 
  my mind is just full of fuck . 
  so he said almost the same as umashi with the additional flaming and while obviously being mad . 
  seems like a cool guy . 
  cut the crap , all you need is bkb and linken 's sphere , the most overpowered items in known gaming history, 
  it 's more of a bugfix . 
  i once had peas . 
  so deep t_t, 
  i duo bot with a friend and when we have a bad team , it 's impossible to win . 
  why ? 
  because if only 1 lane does well then that lane will be ganked by mid and jungle simultaneously , zoning us from xp or even killing us . 
  meanwhile our mid/top/jungle does n't take advantage by taking turrets , they just continue farming . 
  i do n't think elo hell exists in a way that it 's impossible to get out of , but 1100-1300 elo is very bad simply because of what i wrote . 
  that would work , but when duoing , one of us is always lastpick , and basically has to play support . 
  top/mid and jungle would be ideal here but it 's not really possible due to pick order when duo qeueing . 
  i have learned that people ca n't play ad at this elo . 
  i have seen graves/cait etc players not autoattack just spam q countless times . 
  supporting someone who ca n't play is the worst experience ever and i understand why my friend does n't want to do it . 
  do n't like those without arms . 
  they ca n't fight me when i. . . nevermind . 
  `` solomid '', 
  played rumble twice with ad runes and masteries after having just bought him . 
  almost got a refund . 
  i had a name like that too, 
  true story, 
  let 's get this straight , this guy is bitching about brutalizer , when it gives 10 armpen while every champion gains armor/level . 
  the problem here is the passive armor ( mr ) scaling . 
  as long as they 're here , items can not be properly balanced between ad casters and aps, 
  it does, 
  then again mf has the highest winrate of ads , despite having no escape ability . 
  mandatory +1 for serenity, 
  this all sounded awesome , up to the point , where you need to win 2 out of 3 games to move up a division , what was riot even thinking . 
  so this system makes it a lot harder to raise ratings . 
  one division is about ~ 75 elo which is broken down into 100 lp . 
  one match gains 15 lp + bo3 is a total of 10 matches , while raising 75 elo is around 6 matches . 
  in other words raising one tier in the current system ( 400 elo ) is about 30 matches , while raising 1 tier is 50 matches + a bo5 . 
  the series matches will also be a major source of trolling and general frustration . 
  the general idea is nice but it is flawed like your recent champion balancing . 
  not cool riot .
