  there 's no point in the `` creation process '' where everyone is female . 
  the sexual organs have n't developed yet in either direction . 
  the first thing that develops differently are the gonads which have two distinct origins . 
  the gonads will start to produce hormones that direct the rest of the changes , but the starting point is kind of a middle ground . 
  so what 's your gpu/cpu usage in skyrim performance monitor ? 
  i doubt a cpu upgrade will give you any performance inprovement . 
  do you use the same preset ? 
  if not it may have different specular multipliers , try fiddling with those in the ingame enb setting menu . 
  tanks kill in one shot . 
  the horse is in fact more vulnerable to explosives . 
  on a 6 yr old game known for using every possible resource as bad as possible ? 
  do n't expect much . 
  you ca n't . 
  minimum is 30 %, 
  game crashes if you have it set to something else than 100 % in fullscreen mode at the end of a game . 
  he has very skimpy pics if you check his post history . 
  nsfw, 
  what a rookie , i can get 12 easily , more if i go on a special liquid diet the previous night . 
  let me remove your fingernails with pliers then . 
  two new maps in the next patch . 
  it 's better than shitting out cut content in half a year . 
  at least we 're getting actual dlcs . 
  bombing of dresden - 1945 ( colorized ), 
  a driver is a lot more likely to check mirrors before opening the door than passengers . 
   he basically forced the car to tailgate him . 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  sure he got close , but the car could 've braked at any time in the 10 seconds between rear ending him and the overtake . 
  both drivers are fucking idiots . 
   i do n't know where the misconception comes from but the average sedan will outbrake a sport bike . 
  but they do ... 
  right , missed the but . 
  there 's too many people in this thread thinking that bikes brake better than cars . 
  you could most likely rp that too with mods in skyrim . 
   when you simply tell them you do n't do meat or dairy, 
  everyone knows skyrem buys things with septics , do n't let these n'wahs tell you otherwise . 
  every night , i walk around the gray quarter and let them gray-skins know what i think of 'em . 
  they were good , but not that good . 
   the apartment bombings were also not unique , russia had and still has a huge problem with islamist terrorism . 
  though i personally do n't dismiss the idea the russian authorities ignored it to cause polarisation in russian politics i have n't looked into it enough to comfortably argue for or against it it was n't necessary for the war . 
  fsb agents were caught planting the same explosives that were used in the other bombings . 
  it 's really not that big of a mystery . 
  but are you eastern european ? 
  armchair communists on here do n't know how good they have it compared to ex eastern bloc countries . 
  you 're bourgeois compared to most people living here . 
  you have internet and electricity , you do n't live worse than the poorest here . 
  edit : take a peek at the list ordered by gdp pps per capita . 
  mandatory employment during the socialist era was a disaster . 
  people went in and did fuckall all day , wages were terrible so everyone was cheating and skimming where they could . 
  you could barely afford anything , and even if you could , chances are you could n't buy it unless you had connections . 
  the waiting list for garbage cars was years . 
  did you live in fear that there would be a knock on the door if you said something wrong or did n't clap and smile enough on a state celebration ? 
  you know why poverty increased after the collapse ? 
  because the socialist state took loans they could n't afford to finance welfare and after the inevitable collapse the new goverments were left to sort out the mess . 
  so what are you saying ? 
  that you have it better than us here because you did n't have 40 years of socialist dictatorship ? 
  that a mixed political system works , and is a goal of immigrants from all over eastern europe ? 
  that british foreign rule was bad ? 
  that the eu was crucial in the development of your country ? 
  who would 've thought ... 
  euron inherited ramsay 's plot armor . 
  what platform ? 
  mods ? 
  usually if it 's not fps , it ' having a lot of script heavy mods . 
  use alternate start . 
  are you from the future ? 
  the vega gaming card is n't even out yet . 
  if you actually search both cities you 'll see 3 things in both . 
  bridge , castle , the parliament for hungary and that square for prague . 
  no , cause he did n't use fortify restoration potions . 
  hello world !, 
  bullets do n't kill ... 
  i guess standing up is posting passive aggressive memes on your own circlejerk sub . 
  such bravery . 
   but breakfast is traditionally savory . 
  for you . 
  sweet breakfast is very common all over the world . 
  immersive shortsightedness . 
  all americans who voted for bush should be shot . 
  this is 100 % a russian metro . 
  are you telling me the best mounted bowmen in the world do n't understand the concept of an oversized bow ? 
   but nothing will really change . 
  that 's still better than an endless winter and turning into a skellington . 
  saving westeros is a pretty good offer on her part . 
  breathing in hot air/fire is n't good for your lungs . 
  not the only thing he 'll be drilling this season either . 
  back 2 r/commies, 
  cytomegalovirus, 
   group of us who were on the steps of emancipation park in an effort to block the nazis and alt-righters from entering, 
  if the neo-nazi demonstration was legal ( afaik they had permits ) they had no right to stop them . 
  if anyone is in danger , it 's the job of the police to protect them . 
  better yet do n't give permits to known extremists to demonstrate . 
  cocknoob flying . 
  you 're supposed to brake and accelerate while turning . 
  what secret ? 
  that 's how you 're supposed to turn , and the fighters brake better and accelerate faster so they can make sharper turns . 
  gottta [ maximize misery ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lo1mteloj6o ), 
   i waste hours a day half-interacting with people on the internet , do n't feel motivated to excericse or go out, 
  then do n't feel motivated . 
  but you can still go out for a short run , or do some bodyweight exercises . 
  you can be an edgy reddit cunt playing vidya all day , or you can start doing something with your life .
