  you might want to reread my post . 
  someone 's mad . 
  my smurfing never ruined games , unless you count the ones where i stomp shitters like you `` ruined '' . 
  you think you downvoting me proves your point ? 
  i know smurfing can be an unpleasant experience , i play with and against smurfs on my main , although less frequently and they 're not as dominant . 
  for that reason i have been positive to everyone who was n't an asshole like you . 
  trinity is awesome on mini , not that great on mega . 
  brutalizer is awesome in both forms , it also gives you a bigger powerspike early than phage for the same price . 
  and you can decide to build cleaver later or upgrade to youmuu 's if you 're snowballing . 
  runes do make a huge difference , 15 ad from runes is a 490 gold advantage . 
  that 's devastating early game against competent players . 
  one for all lee sin with 4 friends . 
  most fun i had in the 3.5 yes i 've played this game . 
  that 's the stupidest thing i 've ever read . 
  climbing is n't artificial just because i play my best role . 
  i played my main and i promoskipped to plat i with d4 mmr . 
  i could n't play other roles comfortably there , so i played on a smurf to practice . 
  jungling is the best , highest impact on the game , shotcalling . 
  no need to suffer laning with shit ad/support in bot . 
  you ca n't really get camped , coordination is rarely there for good invades . 
  can help ward any lane or objective . 
  smitesteal comebacks . 
  used to be , i was surprised it was actually ahead of twitch by about 15 s when i checked it.in the group stages . 
  still easier than with a scalpel . 
  not that odd , a lot of people have problems with dead stuff especially when it 's a person . 
  also the smellz . 
  she 's strong in the right hands but there are stronger junglers than her right now . 
  or you 're just an adc main . 
  rip . 
  colon = bowel, 
  buy a ward and have a yellow trinket , if the jungler comes and reds your trinket ward , pop down the one you bought . 
  it can be a good idea to pink the bush closer to your base , tri for redside , river for blue . 
  stuff preserved with formol does n't really smell . 
  you just feel the strong irritating odor of formaldehyde . 
  would n't be her dentist . 
  mid was needed pretty hard 2 patches ago . 
  she 's not even that strong now . 
  solo laners get lvl 2 from the first wave with zil on their team . 
  lee was nerfed twice this season . 
  if you 're playing classical , you 're supposed to do that . 
  you can use fine nail files to polish the edges of the nails to have a really smooth sound when you 're plucking . 
  the most known script can only run on one pc , you ca n't give them to others . 
  it wo n't work . 
  based on what ? 
  i actually know people who have the program , which has multiple scripts . 
  you ca n't give them to others , it 's tied to one computer . 
  in lower elo you need a champion that can carry alone . 
  strong splitpushing , 1v1 and mobility like : yi , lee , vi , udyr . 
  malaria is n't viral . 
  it 's caused by a protozoon . 
  adb worked for me on win 8 without a problem . 
  pretty much everyone who 's breathing does . 
  found the conspiratard . 
  a surgical cut is better if you close up the wound with suture . 
  in smaller cases , blunt preparation is preferred since you do n't cut through capillaries . 
  i 've done rabbit vivisection and even a small cut in connective tissue bled all over the place , i was better off with wiggling a blunt forceps and reaching the carotids that way . 
  probably not , i was just adding that tearing is n't always worse . 
  it still looks better than the rubber band method , which probably feels like testicular torsion x2 . 
  / r/summonerschool, 
  he 's watching football !, 
  he was off a bit here and there in this one , the mini concert was top notch though . 
  beats drinking watery water . 
  and we still ca n't get 10 students for the euw workshop :d, 
  she probably used the free trial and then got offered to get premium . 
  she can still use the app but with less features . 
  no , i had win 8 preinstalled on a laptop and got 8.1 for free . 
  the only ones who could n't update from the store were corporate win 8 users , since sysadmins should be doing the updates there . 
  blackwidow is trash now , the new one does n't have cherry switches . 
  there is nothing intricate about knowing what a mitochondrion is and what it does . 
  fyi yeasts are fungi not bacteria . 
  there are more hydrogen atoms , but they weigh less . 
  so technically , he is wrong cause he did n't indicate what percentage he was talking about . 
  not really . 
  ryze has been a popular toplaner for a while now , at least in plat . 
  why do you think a high damage tanky lategame caster should have a strong earlygame ? 
  yep , sink is in the dorm room toilets at the end of the corridor . 
  fizz only becomes untargetable , so any dots will work on him in e , so death mark pops . 
  technically gandalf is one of the maiar from valinor , definitely not from middle-earth originally . 
  i 'm a leaf on the wind , watch how i soar . 
  vi should gank early . 
  i get a lot if firstbloods top either by killing the laner or the jungler . 
  she can even beat lee if you can get the jump on him and dodge his q. 
  but you do when you have touchwiz , apparently not on the s5 tho . 
  zelda is grill ? 
  time to powerlevel pickpocket and get perfect touch . 
  it 's a common misconception with dental anaesthesia that you 're not supposed to feel anything . 
  you 're not supposed to feel pain but you feel everything else and it can still be a bit uncomfortable . 
  you need to enable in-app ads in rif to get free saves . 
  worth it imo . 
  that 's why you wait out cc and go in for the assassinate on the carries . 
  yi can take down any squishy in a q and 2-3 autos lategame . 
  it really becomes easy if the support is initiating and not staying beside their carry the whole game . 
  what 's the wecommended amount of dedotated wam ? 
  good thing we have harnessed fire and can make handy torches to illuminate our caves . 
  by the way , you can cancel double strike animation . 
  it 's the same length as a normal aa . 
  riot bans accounts , not ips or macs , and they very rarely ban all the accounts of a player . 
  incarnati0n and co. were the ones with multiple accounts banned , and even he was let back . 
  the build is awful . 
  getting a youmuu 's after ie when you 're snowballing is fine , otherwise buying ie , statikk , lw , bt/botrk with a defensive item will be better every time .
