  you get xrays when something warrants it . 
  it 's a really small dose , but it 's still something that you would n't have had otherwise . 
  a missing tooth is pretty common and it does n't necessarily warrant an xray . 
  how is it useless , my mind is full of fuck . 
  you put it down in fights to block autos from the adc , grag ults , ziggs bombs etc. 
  thresh in every game , you can ult on both flay and hook , although hook is is a bit hard from reflex if you do n't expect it . 
  no it doesnt . 
  it looks like stale , old piss stored in bottles for a long time . 
  it would work , and it would be glorious . 
  the lulu meta makes me even more sad on the occasion i whip out akali . 
  i think renekton is the biggest offender right now . 
  after the nerfs to the other three , he became the strongest . 
  you can just beat anyone in lane with little effort and scale really well into midgame . 
  only in lategame does his damage fall off . 
  you could do the same with his comment . 
  just pass , no one gives a shit that you have a different opinion than him , which also should n't warrant downvotes . 
  have you even played yasuo ? 
  the wall has fixed distance so you have to position yourself right to block things . 
  it also has a relatively long cooldown , meaning you can only use it once per fight . 
  it 's easy to block individual skillshots like blitz and thresh hook , but using the wall right in teamfights is n't easy . 
  have you played against riven or draven ? 
  yea , no ... draven does more damage than yasuo with his spinning axes . 
  it 's on the base skin too , but it does n't have a noticeable sound like mecha , and is a bit harder to see . 
  i went on a huge tilt after i got trolled in my diamond promos , by a 0 lp dia5 . 
  went all the way down to plat3 . 
  and draven has range , yasuo has problems with getting into range and stacking qs before dying . 
  also the guy was talking about straight autoattacks , no wind wall . 
  anyway , yasuo has to work hard to beat draven 1v1 . 
  / r/dota2 is actually funny though ... 
  actually q crits do more damage than autos , but both do reduced damage . 
  and this is why this thread is a huge circlejerk , people base their opinions on champion balance when they do n't know shit about said champion . 
  `` napalm generates temperatures of 800 to 1,200 degrees celsius ( 1,500-2 ,200 \u00b0 f ) . '', 
  `` a common propane/air flame burns at about 2,000 \u00b0 c ( 3,630 \u00b0 f ) , a propane/oxygen flame burns at about 2,500 \u00b0 c ( 4,530 \u00b0 f ) , and an acetylene/oxygen flame burns at about 3,500 \u00b0 c ( 6,330 \u00b0 f ) . '', 
  oxyacetylene is actually almost 3 times as hot . 
  you may be better than bronze 2 , but you 're not good enough to carry on your own . 
  this is when people percieve they are in elo hell . 
  carrying lower elo is a skill you can acquire , just look at the enemy kat in your picture . 
  i have been all over the ranked ladder over the past two years and there 's no rating where there are n't any trolls . 
  once you accept this , you can focus on your own gameplay and rise . 
  absolutely not , some games in higher elo are decided by having the boosted player on one team . 
  people here capitalize on advantages really hard and it leads to a 20 minute stomp . 
  but you see , an otherwise non toxic player can get into the tribunal , have one bad game among all the false reports and get punished for that . 
  you are just being hyperbolic , not everyone is a sheltered kid playing lol at their parents ' house . 
  some people have serious shit to deal with , and it occasionally spills over . 
  that 's something any grown up with little compassion can understand . 
  riot 's policy also aligns with this , since you do n't go into the tribunal after one report , and this is where false reporting comes in . 
  akali can be a pain , she 's considered the go to yasuo counter in solo queue . 
  diana also works , but she 's on the weaker side right now . 
  no , not literally . 
  have you ever felt your blood boil ? 
  low plat is alright , but as you go higher it just gets worse . 
  i had this happen to me with renekton recently . 
  i was killed right as i ulted and it bugged out . 
  trained in gorilla warfare with over 300 confirmed kills, 
  eastern european countries are shitholes to this day due to the fucking soviet union , fuck the commie bastards . 
  russia cutting the gas pipelines is like kicking themselves in the nuts . 
  especially during summer . 
  no it fucking is n't . 
  antibacterial soaps contain an antiseptic like alcohol/isopropil alcohol etc. 
  antibiotics are drugs you can take to cure various bacterial infections . 
  triclosan is n't an antibiotic , antibiotic = / = antibacterial . 
  using antibacterial soaps ca n't cause antibiotic resistance , as there are no soaps with antibiotics in them . 
  it 's mutual , the randoms we get as 4 premades are usually the biggest flamers who go afk when we do n't do as he likes . 
  actually , there 's no evidence that using triclosan leads to cross-resistance , it only leads to resistance against triclosan itself . 
  antibiotics like penicillin have a different mechanism of action and while bacteria can be resistant to them , it develops as an answer to penicillin-like antibiotics . 
  also gpu mining is for scrypt , sha256 is dominated by asics . 
  his original design was completely different . 
  still no word about any vi nerfs , i can only hope . 
  he 's purple . 
  team builder is great for practicing specific champions , you do n't have to rely on pick order or call order in blinds anymore . 
  do n't you look dumb now ... 
  nope , bug was confirmed and team builder disabled . 
  elise is going to be trashed , the nerfs are already on the pbe , vi also has upcoming nerfs to her q. wukong is going to be a problem since lee is his biggest counter . 
  if the nerfs go through , wukong will be unstoppable . 
  panth is just straight up retarded . 
  i would n't mind a little numbercrunching on lee , but this looks like a rework and is completely unnecessary . 
  the changes are in the completely wrong direction , even after number tuning , lee will be a sack of shit . 
  instead of using your abilites you will be a right click generic bruiser . 
  if riot is so hell-bent to introduce some kind of scaling to his ult , a missing hp scaling would be nice . 
  you could decide between using it as an execute , or for the utility . 
  sure riot wants to promote discussion , maybe they should n't have fucking posted it on the closed pbe forums where you ca n't even post . 
  the discussion is right here . 
  have you ever played dodgeball in school ? 
  the ball wo n't magically follow you if you jump over it . 
  ca n't be as common , since there are less plat players than silvers . 
  low diamond is worse ... 
  quinn is very strong damage wise , her problem is the low range and the useless ult . 
  the passive and w passive makes her a very strong ad if she can get her damage down . 
  you can climb to diamond with anything , that does n't a champion is particularly strong . 
  quinn 's ult is pretty much useless in teamfights . 
  it 's good for chasing and 1v1s , but in bigger fights you just ca n't use it . 
  and then the toplaners get a spirit visage and ignore you for the rest of the game . 
  mundo ? 
  trundle ? 
  pretty much every fotm toplane champ does that . 
  i did that once , no one raged . 
  there is a limit how many times i can take a `` kill yourself '' or `` get cancer '' gem . 
  the higher as buff does n't kick in until later in the game , lee will be crippled . 
  you know who has an even shittier curve than lee ? 
  he 's comparable to lee in a lot of ways but he falls off way harder and ca n't even fall back on utility like lee .
