   one extreme example of this cherry-picking centers around sickle cell anemia . 
  black africans tend to be susceptible to it . 
  but so are people in the arabian middle-east , and people with indian subcontinent and southern european ancestry . 
  it 's an anti-malarial trait . 
  that still does n't mean that black people are less affected by it . 
  obviously anyone saying that it 's because they 're black is stupid . 
  race is a problem as is ethnicity and nationality , dumb and malicious people have always used these to fuel conflict . 
  repetitive , immature and not at all funny . 
  he can because having a penis has nothing to do with psychology . 
  you 're conflating biology and psychology, 
  the goat died too . 
  it killed himself after reading your comment . 
  i usually use them to inject lidocaine . 
  this is something i can get behind . 
  incorrect . 
  abdominal fat plays a very important role in many obesity related health problems , including diabetes . 
  what was the problem ? 
  the main difference between the two apart from what segment of intestine they affect is that cd affects all the layers of the intestine ( transmural ) which is why fistulas are much more common in cd compared to uc . 
  books are n't that well written to be honest . 
  i think those are fair things to expect in a first-world country especially when the prices are n't usually lower than in western europe while income tax is similar and vat is the highest in the eu . 
  housing is cheaper if directly compared to western prices . 
  if you compare it with income in mind however ( price to income ratio ) , we 're middle of the pack in the eu . 
  housing prices are also rising really fast surpassed only by sweden . 
  prices in budapest especially in the city centre show 40 % increase compared to last year . 
   for some reason most hungarians expect high wages even when they have no marketable skills, 
  guess we could fix that if we had better education ... 
   hungarians in general feel entitled to everything . 
  fair wages , healthcare , ** education **, 
  ... but wait that 's being `` entitled '' . 
  not just untrained workers earn less than their western counterparts . 
  healthcare workers , teachers , university lecturers all earn measly wages . 
  well he does n't want poles to take his job , that 's why paradoxically indian communities voted leave . 
   they took their country back, 
  trump is n't aware scotland is a country . 
  you can set up zoom sensitivity in options for widow . 
  op is probably referencing a witcher 3 blood and wine quest . 
  he died . 
  proper splints are always made out of hard plastic . 
  soft splints do nothing for your tmj and jaw muscles , only offer some limited protection for teeth . 
   they are not scared of indian doctors or chinese engineers taking anyone 's job or destroying their culture . 
  they are . 
  they 're also scared of eastern european migrants . 
  if you really study every day , it will be a cakewalk . 
  the foreign language program also tends to be easier than the hungarian . 
   this seems to be the general consensus on the internet, 
  can you point me to where this information is available ? 
   all the students say it 's unbelievably stressful, 
  exams are definitely stressful , and so is first starting working on patients . 
   full of sexist professors who fail people on purpose, 
  never seen or heard anything like this . 
  probably coming from people who failed because they did n't study enough or were n't attending lectures . 
  dentistry is great . 
  the first two years are a bit harder , this is where most people fail , but from the 3rd year it gets easier . 
   i personally learn 3 hours before an important exam and have a grades without any effort, 
  ah yes , elementary school is very challenging indeed, 
  romania definitely has n't existed for 600 years . 
  if you want to die , go ahead . 
  when you have a business meeting at 9 and a recon sniper mission at 10 . 
  you also get free healthcare and education . 
  of course he has a vac ban . 
  also watch the show . 
  so why are blatant scripters still not banned after more than a year ? 
  this really triggered my ptsd, 
  he just forgot to put a comma after no in the first sentence . 
  all that fruit and no one to make p\u00e1linka out of it ... 
  swat it away with wat ? 
  a sword user will never have as much leverage as someone with a spear . 
  someone call lautrec, 
  this is what happens when you skim a wikipedia article and then try to pass off your vague memories as scientific facts . 
  as a dentistry student , this is the first thing i thought of . 
  a non-healing pimple in this location is usually a cutaneous fistula of a dental abscess . 
  not a native speaker , these are the terms i know . 
  stop being so salty brah, 
  the picture above the bed also looks wider , i think it 's just shopped or some lens fuckery . 
  hi , did you end up getting the v13 ? 
  if so could you comment on how it held up ? 
  thanks in advance . 
  thanks for your answer , i am looking into the asus k401ub but i 'm concerned about it 's battery life since i could n't find proper reviews about it . 
  wow , i just repaired my g400 when it broke . 
  should 've contacted them i guess . 
  bjerg was a big streamer before he joined tsm . 
  it 's a stupid point though . 
  league had a good growing esports scene before riot stepped in with lcs . 
  mlg , ipl , esl , iem all without riot having to do anything . 
  they then monopolized lol esports because they wanted to use it as a marketing tool and cheaped out on every aspect of it by underpaying players and casters . 
  this really bridged over my troubled waters, 
  those cpus are not really slow . 
  as long as they do n't bottleneck the gpu they 're fine . 
  besides 6600k only has 200-100 mhz on them . 
  what a smartass, 
  to be fair the attack heli in bf3 is absolute cancer . 
  also a war criminal . 
  lmao, 
  it 's been like that since at least bf3 . 
  i doubt it will ever get fixed . 
  the people called romanes they go to the house ? 
  he is right about cs spread , which is why he corrected xfactor . 
  first shots have spread in cs . 
  i 'd say anyone above plat has at least one smurf . 
  dota2 makes more per player , also most of their content is user generated .
