  here , this makes the werewolf tree a bit better and also works in human form . 
  if you already like realvision , then your best bet is to tweak it to your liking . 
  there is no perfect enb , you can spend days searching for one , but something will always be wrong . 
  the capitalist wants revenue , where will he get revenue if no one buys his product ? 
  if the majority of people do n't have money , the whole system collapses . 
  dark nights and dungeons do n't downgrade the experience , they enhance it . 
  it does n't , you have to add the lines to skse.ini, 
  it overwrites the cleaned master files though . 
  so you 'll have to clean them again in tes5edit . 
  there 's a tutorial video on esm cleaning from gopher on youtube . 
  watch that first then do it , it makes the game more stable . 
  never clean skyrim.esm but clean everything else as done in the vid . 
   the weapon that killed snelgrove was manufactured by fabrique nationale de herstal ( fn herstal ) . 
  because of the incident , several police forces , such as the seattle police department , discontinued use of this weapon . 
  different type of weapon . 
   it is designed to incapacitate the target through blunt trauma, 
  this is an anti mine tank . 
  police are getting mine-resistant armored vehicles and from what i 've seen , none of them have mounted machine guns . 
  it 's a fucking tripod . 
  what heavy weapon could you possibly mount on that ? 
  it looks like any camera tripod out there . 
  since when is an 18 yr old a small child ? 
  next thing you 're gon na tell me is that police are breaking into homes to murder babies right ? 
  op is cashing in karma on the anti cop circlejerk . 
  not even close . 
  while a new born baby does n't need an umbilical cord it 's still incapable of providing for itself without parents etc. 
  by your logic , killing anyone who ca n't provide for themselves is n't murder . 
   then cut his belly open in the hospital , pulled his balls up and out and fixed them and then put them back in his sack . 
  nope , they just make a small incision on the scrotum and fix it there . 
  sounds like the outer end of the inguinal canal , when your testicle is removed , removing part of the vasculature and the ductus deferens that 's easily accessible makes perfect sense . 
  but when all you have to do is to untangle the testicles there 's literally no reason to cut there . 
  actually , no . 
  if the hacker uses dictionary attack , that 's 4 words to guess and you 're fucked . 
  having a long password , with extra characters and numbers is a lot better . 
  [ high capacity ] ( http://31.media.tumblr.com/b1209153dd3a624f26fc83a8c9545b50/tumblr_mo5zunwm3l1s8kz63o1_1280.jpg ), 
  edit : videos, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlw0shljecm saw, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fncxdmy71co pkm, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eo0n8ysfl2a pkm, 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_e9aqadkbc4 explanation, 
  i understood it perfectly , i think you overestimate the vocabulary of people . 
  the oxford dictionary has 171k words . 
  if i compare that to a 12 letter password with 60 possible characters , it 's actually worse . 
  all life pro tips are shitty . 
  edit : i did n't want to link this from my phone while brushing my teeth , so i linked it 5 minutes later from my desktop . 
  lifehack, 
  i do n't think people who break into your house intersect with the ones who hijack your online accounts , so that post-it is n't a bad thing . 
  ( unless you 're a moron , and put a hi res photo of it online . ), 
  how does a guy like that even get program on tv ? 
  better stop eating any protein right now then . 
  i know you 're just trying to be a dick but :, 
   in germany it 's indicator right then left in quick succession, 
  that 's pretty much a new sign altogether with a different meaning . 
   help girlfriend, 
   npc _ : ( ######## ) ` girlfriend ', 
   player.placeatme ########, 
   faggot thinks skyrim perks are boring, 
   adds a shitton of boring retarded passive perks, 
  we got you op . 
  bake him away , toys !, 
  the good looking ones are redheads , the ugly ones are gingers . 
  alcohol does n't get trapped , it 's a poison so your body makes it a priority to convert it . 
  this process causes some hiccups in your body and you get hangovers . 
  the best tip is to eat and drink a large amount of water before going to bed . 
  she was drunk , not retarded . 
  you overestimate the flammability of a person . 
  17 million is the estimated civilian casualties of the war . 
  that includes starvation due to stalin burning farmland , illness , soviet and german atrocities . 
  most of them were n't murdered by germans at all . 
  [ ] ( #sanic ), 
  yep , he 's a huge idiot . 
  if a christian is only moral because of the heaven and hell shit , then they 're an awful person . 
  an atheist has none of that , so it only comes down to your wown decision to be good . 
  that 's way more respectable . 
  you got ta install adobe reader !, 
  it 's not that big of a difference . 
  if you wear a good rubber then it 's almost the same . 
  way to kill your balls . 
  not literally , but trt does reduce fertility and your balls may shrink down a bit . 
  who the fuck uses latex gloves ? 
  the blue gloves are nitrile rubber , not latex . 
  the grid . 
  a digital frontier . 
  you sound like a teenager . 
  the map of tamriel does n't have poland on it . 
  i 've only seen old city people / smoker lungs . 
  that 's beautiful . 
  you really need some anti-aliasing , at least for the screens . 
  you can enable pretty good aa from the stock enb ( edge and transparency aa ) . 
  i just took a couple pics from the same cave . 
  you 'll notice that the edges are smoother , albeit a bit blurry . 
  how ? 
  i 'm on win8 and skyrim runs perfectly . 
  yea , only the third pic is impressive and that 's actually a building destroyed by an israeli missile strike in the gaza strip . 
  this is what the palestinians are using, 
  a hole in the ceiling compared to a completely demolished building ? 
  yes , i can say that i would rather rather have a dusty couch and a hole in my house , than buried alive under tons of concrete . 
  hamas did n't start it . 
  also you can compare the number of people killed by either side in the same article :, 
  almost every game is like that .
