  you do n't lose xp when you miss a last hit . 
  denyplank denied xp too outleveling you and then shitting on you purely because of the level advantage he had . 
  depends on the hero , you could still get qb if you have problems with lasthitting . 
  hecarim 's passive is n't capitalized on though , because it 's fairly negligible at all points in the game . 
  his power comes from his huge aoe damage , sustain and very powerful ultimate . 
  do you keep your mouse still now ? 
  nothing would change , except that you would n't have to click to cast . 
  also lol has cast times . 
  it does , you can change the size of the hud and the minimap separately and there 's an option for flipping the map . 
  with the last patch riot introduced the option to diable minimap right-clicking . 
  rengar 's base abilities are fine , only his ult needs some buffs like lower cd and shorter fade time . 
  they would n't have , fiora 's power is in her ult , with hydra , she simply decimates teams that do n't spread out . 
  or you could get off your high horse and think for second before posting stupid bullshit . 
  clicking accidentally on the minimap happens to everyone because it 's in such a bad place . 
  next time you or your teammate ( who you would flame to no end ) dies because of this , just remember me . 
  inb4 the crack and the sticker are completely unrelated and op is just whoring for some sweet karma cause / r/atheism is ready to bite every shit . 
  but that 's because ezreal was trashed by nerfs so hard , that you need to build these items on him to be somewhat viable . 
  you do realize that would kill ap ezreal , stupidest idea i 've ever seen . 
  without the lich bane proc , ap ezreal q does about the damage of a wet noodle ( 0.2 ap ratio ) that 's how . 
  also as ap ez , you do n't itemize heavily for cdr so your e cooldown is more like 10 seconds at max rank . 
   the wadsworth constant, 
  you have never played ap ezreal , that 's for sure . 
  you do n't have sustain or any items that provide survivability besides zhonya so you need the 1100 range on q. 
  i do n't know why you 're so butthurt about ezreal when he 's clearly on the weaker side of champions . 
  just stop posting before you further embarrass yourself . 
  did you tell him you are euphoric too ? 
  but you must be from sweden ... 
  cs is more `` dumbed down '' than any of those . 
  xpost from / r/whatsinthisthing, 
  open it in wordpad, 
  you know nuthin jun snuuu . 
  glad that 's over :d, 
  neither is he a tank , jarvan is a bruiser and building dmg on him is fine . 
  it all depends on the game situation . 
  lol is basically a sugarcoated pay to win game , especially how new champions tend to be overpowered on release . 
  as long as riot is n't pressured hard enough by dota , things wo n't change . 
  changing the rune system would also fuck over older users who spent rp on pages . 
  gtx 570 too , rolling back to the 314.07 solved the problem for me . 
  be sure to set everything to default in the nvidia control panel for bf3 . 
  because no one would sponsor the most played online game ... right . 
  false , the reason why dh lol is not sponsored is that lcs teams ca n't participate in 3rd party events . 
  a tournament without the best 16 teams from na/eu is not going to pull a lot of viewers , hence no sponsors . 
  you forgot about hextech revolver . 
  it 's essentially the same as vamp scepter and if you upgrade it into a spirit of the spectral wraith you get 10 % cdr and regen . 
  the difference here is that traditional aps do n't usually build sustain because they 're ranged and against burst champions , where sustain would n't matter much . 
  they do especially with melee attacks by drawing creep aggro . 
  i do n't know if you play top lane , but creeps are really powerful with the changed masteries , a bigger wave can do up to 400-500 damage to you in a longer trade . 
  and heimer ... 
  you have n't seen twitch.tv chat then . 
  and they would be right , ranked is about doing your best to win , and that begins with championselect . 
  picking heimer is fine if all the other people agree with you , but that 's highly unlikely since he 's just useless . 
  edit : heimer is admittedly nerfed because he 's toxic by design , much like how evelynn was before the rework . 
  he has some advantages , which are useless in most competitive and soloq situations . 
  the only use of heimerdinger was demonstrated a few months ago in the gsg vs cj entus game , but then again that requires preparation and team coordination . 
  the fact that this guy is only silver iv just proves that i 'm right on this one . 
  riot said that although you can not get banned for picking a borderline troll champion , you will get banned for refusing to communicate with your team . 
  tl ; dr only play heimer in ranked if your team is fine with it . 
  and how many of them have 3500 + wins on those ? 
  playing something for the first time in ranked because it 's fotm is just as bad as instalocking . 
  5/5 would bang, 
  you can play well with any champion and win games , the point is that you put yourself ( and your team ) at a disadvantage by picking underpowered champions . 
  actually zed is n't fotm since last patch . 
  right now it 's blue ez , draven , naut and seju . 
  all of these severely outclass heimer in their own respective fields . 
  so basically you just confirmed what i was saying . 
  heimer 's winrate is warped because he has a low pick rate and still struggles to go over 50 % . 
  jayce on the other hand is very popular and still has a higher winratio . 
  if people who know how to play heimer win less games than people who do n't know how to play jayce , it 's quite obvious that one champion has more potential than the other . 
  they really do n't . 
  a virus is not a living thing so it ca n't eat or fuck for that matter . 
  it is just a protein shell with some rna or dna in it plus enzymes . 
  they do fuck with you though in a different sense . 
  blaze it fagets, 
  he was referring to the hip bone of which those bulges are indeed a part of . 
  i like se7en . 
  dubstep is n't a subgenre of techno . 
  also today 's pop music is mostly electro house , not techno . 
  it 's not a right wing symbol , it 's the flag of the late arpadian kings and it 's also in the coat of arms . 
  the tank was renovated , fully operational and had diesel in it already . 
  it was disabled somehow , so you could n't just hop in and start it , but it was easy to fix for a guy who knew his way around these . 
  it stopped because it ran out of fuel . 
  viruses do n't have metabolism . 
  they are just a protein ball containing the rna or dna and in some case enzymes . 
  the hiv virus is something called a retrovirus and it 's a bit more complicated than `` regular '' viruses . 
  the simplest type of virus ( single strand rna , sense strand ) would work like this . 
  it gets into the cytoplaysm of the cell , the protein envelope is digested and the rna immediately connects to ribosomes ( which synthetise proteins from the rna code ) to produce the proteins needed to replicate the viral rna strand itself and the proteins of the envelope . 
  these are than assembled , and when there are enough of them the cell ruptures and dies releasing the new viruses . 
  hiv is an rna virus which will first make a double dna strand of itself , which then integrates itself into the host 's genome . 
  that 's why it 's impossible to cure and can only be treated . 
  i highly recommend you read the wiki articles on viruses and retroviruses if you 're interested . 
  rng god decides . 
  fookin prawns , now i have to watch it . 
  been a long time, 
  two hungarian reports about the incident , one citing the director of the hungarian military museum , the other is based on an interview with the guy who drove it . 
  the driver says that he stopped voluntarily and the tank did n't run out of fuel , not sure if he was just trying to save his ass in court with this statement or it 's the truth . 
  article on the starting mechanism of a t34 . 
  it can be started without batteries , since it has a can of compressed air ( that autofills itself when the tank runs ) that can start it . 
  rune combiner man , i actually got a t3 ms quint with that . 
  magic . 
  i figured with google translate you could at least make some sense of them .
