  also hungary refuses the quota based distribution of migrants , along with the visegrad group , not refugees ( although rejection rates are definitely high ) . 
  there 's a picture right there in the first article showing police firing teargas . 
  that 's a widely used strategy to break up fights for example . 
  also the guy who lived in the camp for 5 months without food and water ? 
  that surely happened . 
  also notice how everything was only allegedly true . 
  on one side you have zealous human rights activists , to whom everything is a second holocaust , and on the other , migrants who want to illegally enter germany . 
  sure , living conditions probably are n't perfect , but it 's a refugee camp , not a 5 star hotel . 
  at that point , we would be so advanced medically , that natural selection would be completely nonexistent . 
  also we could easily genetically engineer colonists instead of terraforming for example . 
  you post on fittit , everything you say can be dismissed based on that . 
  skins in cs : go work in a completely different way , they are worth that much because of rarity . 
  there are also skins that are going for a couple thousand dollars worth of keys and are not traded on the steam market . 
  you can get a decent ak/m4 skin for a couple dollars , like the redline and the guardian . 
  no , it 's completely different since valve does n't sell skins . 
  people need to get them by drops or open cases . 
  they cost that much because they 're actually rare . 
  the prices are set by users on the market . 
  the honda goldwing had for years now . 
  bad analogy , it would like saying russians and ukrainians are the same . 
  they have the same religion and culture , only ethnic differences . 
  this sub takes their witcher waifus way too seriously . 
  you can sell your account . 
  most likely his father , who is a known islamic activist is the one who put him up to do this . 
  kids are dumb as bricks . 
  you think scamming is genius ? 
  you 're a huge cuck . 
  windshield ca n't shatter since it 's laminated . 
  clean it with a soft toothbrush carefully . 
  did n't your dentist tell you what to do ? 
   black applicants were more than 8.5 times more likely to be admitted to medical school than asians ( 65.8 % vs. 7.7 % ) , and 7 times more likely than whites ( 65.8 % vs. 9.4 % ), 
  topkek, 
  it only gets acidic after eating and returns back to neutral after a while thanks to salivary bicarbonate . 
  that could be said about srd or srs too . 
  most of reddit is n't like that . 
  tia is basically shittumblrsays . 
  audi and vw are among the most reliable cars on par with bmw and mercedes , quit your bullshit . 
  [ reminds me of that 4chan post ] ( https://i.imgur.com/hb0yliy.png ), 
   ok , and if he actually ever wins the election how does that work ? 
  how does a dictator even have elections ? 
  wtf !, 
  that 's the most american question i read in a while . 
  even the dprk holds elections , it 's just that there 's only one candidate on the ballot . 
  you wan na see some dick ? 
  you see the same as 4:3 not stretched , what does it hinder ? 
  also more fps from not running the game full hd . 
  fov does n't matter in cs if you have proper crosshair placement . 
  if you try to flick to people in the corner of your view , you 're already dead . 
  looks like it was the back of his neck , the facial nerve branches through the parotid . 
  not even close . 
  for you . 
  no , this did n't happen , or at least it was a prank . 
  yea , look at these poorer countries not throwing money at refugees . 
  what a bunch of racist assholes , better kick them out of our boyscout group for being poor haha . 
   alcohol consumption is a major risk factor for certain head and neck cancers , particularly cancers of the oral cavity ( excluding the lips ) , pharynx ( throat ) , and larynx ( voice box ) . 
  drinking alcohol and using alcoholic mouthwash is the same regarding the oral mucosa . 
  that 's the same thing , bending the bar towards the wall behind you would mean that the convexity points towards the wall , not the ends . 
  it does fix things , like not making budapest the capital of hungary , since it did n't even exist under that name until 1873 . 
   being this silver, 
  anti-circlejerk is still circlejerk . 
  take tram 24 from keleti to nagyv\u00e1rad square , then bus 200k to ferihegy from there . 
  now that i think of it , 24 is a bit dodgy so you could take the metro ( red , line 2 ) to either de\u00e1k ferenc square or astoria and get on 200k there . 
  too bad the autoclimb is fucking terrible . 
  srs is that way , 
  mongols and timurids ? 
  realm divide ? 
  civil war ? 
  it 's there . 
  finally , not being able to finish the game because of short death timers was frustrating as fuck . 
  careful , you may come in contact with blood through facebook . 
  such a biohazard right ? 
  doing what ? 
  menstruating ? 
  sure , uploading it on fb is a bit tasteless but it 's not the end of the world . 
  it 's ... it 's you , the hero of kvatch !, 
  this is truly an honour . 
  understandable why he stands apart from lol plebs . 
  that 's just the minimum time for brushing . 
  you should brush more even with electric brushes to be sure . 
  probably . 
  it 's bacterial fermentation that makes you smell bad . 
  too bad any decent yasuo will just dash circles around vel ` koz . 
  playing at that time ? 
  using that skin ? 
  he was practically asking for it . 
  well , the advantage is that you can curve around the enemy team and ult them from behind . 
  it says a lot how you think that is n't valuable . 
  if you get ahead however , winning a 4v5 is quite feasible . 
  also fizz jungle with devourer , borderline broken . 
  i feel like he would be better as ap in the mid lane , than adc . 
  jeffrey lin phd boys . 
  they 're not my friends . 
  just builds hp ? 
  does he build 5 warmog 's ? 
  it 's clear you 're a silver who has zero idea about what this game is . 
  sheen however got cheaper , and it also gives cdr . 
  also tf got a whole 97 gold more expensive , costs so much more right ? 
  it 's basically cancelled out by the gold income changes . 
  but it also has cdr and double the crit now , which are quite decent . 
  that ayy lmao face,
