  nasus usually gets teleport , which means he can splitpush easily . 
  with a couple hundred stacks he will decimate turrets and can 1v1 jax . 
  try kiting a ghosted nasus who withered you , and report back to me . 
  if the ad has a support peeling you can just wither the ad , ignore him while you shit on the rest of the team with qs and huge aoe . 
  i suggest you play a few games with said champions before making bullshit statements about things you know nothing about . 
  it 's a bot you faggot . 
  actually i 'm higher rated than you cupcake . 
  anyway , if the ad gets cleanse , they have a weaker laning phase , as barrier is a lot stronger in botlane skirmishes . 
  then qss is a gold sink , especially if the enemy is ad heavy . 
  any ad that has an escape or flash up has better chance of surviving against jax than nasus . 
  i main these champions in toplane and jax is n't a good pick against nasus . 
  it must 've been very hard to find something as obscure as the game of thrones series ... 
  this guy is the master of trolls . 
  he posted this in a reddit thread not long ago, 
  and he said that on facebook , so it 's totally irrelevant . 
  no , just one of his videos got linked and he posted this in the thread . 
  what workflow does win8 start menu interrupt ? 
  when you searched something in the old start menu you were n't doing any work either , although it does interrupt watching cat videos . 
  well you should search for files through windows explorer . 
  except that sub is dead ,, 
  it 's a really shitty comparison . 
  actually there were no links to other mobas on / r/dota2 until recently . 
  irelia has always been a safe laner with no real counterpicks . 
  she 's somewhat outclassed by jax right now but still worth picking up imo . 
  she uses trinity and botrk well , these items give her huge power spikes . 
  in lane she gradually gets stronger as w gets maxed , til lvl 9 . 
  she is at her strongest in mid and early lategame , but wo n't scale as hard as a jax for example . 
  vayne is good against sivir imo , easy to dodge her q and easy to farm with longer range . 
  alex ich builds both of those items . 
  sotel is good for poking , while manamune gives a huge powerspike once it 's stacked ( that does take a long time though ) . 
  aoe comps win more games in low elo because they 're easier to play and even worse players notice the kennen/amumu going in and ulting . 
  in your case you should 've forced smaller skirmishes where riven excels instead of teamfighting where she 's much harder to play right . 
  riven should n't lose lane to yi ever . 
  with that out of the way , yi is a decent laner , he pushes well but is a little bit mana hungry . 
  the problem with him is , that in teamfights you 're useless if you ca n't get a reset . 
  your jungler also needs to be a frontline tank or you 'll get blown up every time you go in . 
  in that sense he 's more like an assassin . 
  i think he 's better suited for mid , where you have an easier time roaming and getting fed in smaller fights . 
  it 's not like league is that easy . 
  its easier than dota , but still harder than most games out there . 
  league is growing and will do so for a long time . 
  dota2 simply does n't stand a chance unless there 's a mass exodus from lol to doto . 
  lee sin , kha'zix , jayce are all very fun , a bit harder to play than most champions , but very rewarding once you get the hang of them . 
  with the exception of jayce , they can be played mid , top and jungle . 
  they are all decent laners , but getting the most out of them can be tricky . 
  in the long run luck is a non-factor in your ranking . 
  you get afks just as many times as the enemy , you get carried just as many times as your team loses when you won lane . 
  in your 500 games only one thing was common : you . 
  once you realize this you can change your attitude , play to improve and rise . 
  the best counters to riven are garen , pantheon and renekton . 
  i build jayce with double dorans into trinity force , he can easily proc sheen and its great for his burstiness while phage synergises with gate . 
  these items also grant a degree of tankiness . 
  i do n't like tear that much since it does n't give you any combat stats until the upgrade to manamune and stacking takes too long since the nerfs . 
  out of all the carries , ads resemble dota the most . 
  does n't matter how they scale , ashe and drow play the same way . 
  what is your fucking problem , be happy they are ironing out bugs on the pbe before shipping to live . 
  i 'm sure you would be the first to complain about bugs when the preseason patch hit . 
  in the end phone cameras still suck dicks compared to decent dslrs , so this is just like measuring which pile of dogshit is bigger . 
  pointless . 
  can confirm , i had access to chloroform cause it 's used in dentistry . 
  you suck . 
  yes . 
  only kennen works out of those , if riven gets a kill on either of the others , they are done for the game . 
  so having shitty teeth is natural ? 
  fuck me then, 
  that has nothing to do with feminism , people are just shitty . 
  1 . write to support, 
  i do n't think they give out that much ( 40 rp max afaik ), 
  actually ads build pretty different items , some get trinity , others get bt/botrk/ie . 
  then there 's the shiv , pd decision . 
  ad builds have never been this versatile before . 
  do you have a source on this ? 
  i have n't seen it mentioned anywhere . 
  the mastery changes are n't that bad but the % armorpen change sounds huge . 
  seems like a huge nerf to ad casters , meanwhile aps can go around nuking 30 mr targets . 
  sorry about the hpv . 
  first , it 's fluoride , and second when you say fluoride it already implies you 're talking about the ion and not the element , as that would be fluorine . 
  aside from that , inorganic fluoride is simply poisonous and not psychoactive in any way , in small amounts it 's effective in preventing tooth decay by remineralizing the enamel . 
  calcification in the pineal gland is a natural process . 
  here 's a photo i have taken of the so called corpora arenacea or ` brain sand ' in the pineal gland . 
  trinity was buffed . 
  and all of those champions push the wave . 
  nasus will just freeze at turret , farm up and then shit on you with wither when the jungler comes . 
  liquicity youtube channel, 
  the best way to get better would be to play ranked 5s with friends . 
  it 's a much more serious environment and it is n't uncommon to get matched against people much better than you . 
  machete start is a waste . 
  starting with dorans and lifesteal gives you a lot stronger earlygame and dueling potential . 
  on blue team , starting red and then invading the enemy at theirs is a great firstblood tactic . 
  core items are hydra , ruby sighstone , last whisper , boots and 2 defensive items of your choice ( randuin , spirit visage , maw ) . 
  machete does n't give you any stats that are useful when you 're ganking , and that 's what lee lives for . 
  stealing baron with tristana over the wall with a single autoattack . 
  vayne top is decent , but quinn outclasses her if you want to run ad top . 
  watch vods of the world cup finals . 
  the only all-in soraka does n't lose is lvl1 . 
  pretty sure op is blind . 
  wolves ( or whatever killed that deer ) are n't 14 year old kids with xboxes . 
  then use ` someone ' instead of you , you piece of shit . 
  oh sorry , i meant that in a general sense . 
  crohns is n't lethal .
