  be careful to not take too much antibiotics you might `` die '', 
  seriously , he looks really dyel for 1 year . 
  bulking and cutting as total newbie is such a waste . 
  he spent 4 months cutting 20 lbs at 1700 cal , that 's 4 months of 0 gains . 
  i 'm talking about his second cut dude . 
  dota 2 and cs : go are at least as toxic as league , go probably more so . 
  fuck dealing with that . 
  i 'm all for banning toxic people . 
  grow up and do n't be a dick or get banned . 
  yes and i agree with every ban . 
  now people will shut the fuck up finally and only type objectives , timers and gg . 
  i have enough shit to deal with , i do n't need toxic assholes wishing me and my extended family cancer and other fun stuff . 
  if you do n't see how flaming is bad in a game you have some serious thinking to do . 
  maybe if you get older and leave your angsty teen years behind ... 
   overactive thyroid, 
  hyperthyroidism actually causes weightloss . 
  is n't that the logic behind this sub ? 
  shame people so they work to better themselves ? 
  nice doublethink . 
  do you even go to / fit / ? 
  ottermode is an accepted aesthetic , cbts are generally encouraging you just have to filter the trolls . 
  go ahead and tell me [ this ] ( http://forum.bodybuilding.com/attachment.php?attachmentid=5332083&amp;d=1359363575 ) is n't aesthetic . 
  yea , better summerbulk2015, 
  yea , i was a jungle main through s2-s4 and the current jungle feels terrible . 
  made the transition to toplane , it 's the same boring tankmeta , but at least you can get good farm and use teleport to great effect . 
  hec , gnar , irelia buy like 1 dmg item then build fulltank . 
  vlad is definitely a tankier ap through his passive and lifesteal . 
  rumble is rarely seen in soloq . 
  that just worsens cqb , suppression should work mid to long range , with long range suppression being the weakest , and no suppression at cqb distances . 
  that 's kind of what the new bf4 patch did , if only bf4 had 3s ttk . 
  are you a woman ? 
  i hit 265 after two months . 
  if you have a programmable keyboard , make a profile for lol where you disable the enter keys . 
  is that your 5 rm though ? 
  cause if it is you can 1 rm 265 for sure . 
  what articles ? 
  this gender drama [ shit ] ( http://www.dailydot.com/esports/unikrn-rahul-sood-sponsor-team-woman-lcs/ ) that 's getting so boring , or [ this ] ( http://www.dailydot.com/esports/lcs-madison-square-garden/ ) rehost of the lolesports article . 
  implying most of these esports articles are complete garbage and even a shitty bard gif is more interesting . 
  do n't condescend to me , you 're the one reading shitty articles about `` esports '' . 
  i find it really hard to discern what you 're trying to say between condescending passive-aggressive personal attacks and terrible fucking english . 
  get back to me when you can form a coherent thought without personal attacks . 
  check online where to buy some cards to get a decent deck . 
  you 're better off playing northern kingdoms in the beginning . 
  you can go siege heavy and use the siege commander foltest , or use the clear weather one as a safe bet . 
  as you get better cards , it only gets easier . 
  well , he 's got top notch swords after i sell him every valuable one i find . 
  skellige is bigger ... 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's the three farting trolls . 
  go back to kaer morhen , go through the kitchen and there will be a book needed for the quest under the staircase . 
  so there 's endgame content for people who level that high . 
  yeah , although that quest is bugged for me . 
  ca n't talk to vesemir about berengar 's notes ... 
  because hitboxes are just circles under the champions . 
  we could have 3d hitboxes , but the technology just is n't there yet . 
  i just set my pc clock forward , fuck waiting . 
  i do n't think fetch quests were an issue , i feel like the main story getting flat towards the end was a bigger problem . 
  still a good game though . 
  of course it 's there , however it 's not that computing intensive . 
  battlefield had this for how long now ? 
  not at all , calculations are mostly serverside , it 's very doable even with high tickrate , bf4 has a problem with it cause of 64 players but there are 120 tick servers out on cte . 
  on average matches take 30-40 minutes in both games , unless you count absolute stomps , where cs is 15 mins while league is 20 . 
  that 's what you get for playing on consoles , cdpr should 've just downgraded to 720p and called it a day . 
  did n't know skellingtons could have such salty babytears . 
  yumm . 
  h e a l t h y b m i, 
  and your shit sub is 100 % banned . 
  keep downvoting me , at least you move your atrophied muscles even if it 's just to click a mouse . 
  it 's not an idea , you little pricks just never grew up . 
  except fph spilled over to other subs . 
  when you have a huge echo chamber for assholes , they start to think it 's acceptable to behave like that everywhere . 
  `` found the fatty '' comments and vote brigading happened without links . 
  remineralized incipient caries can appear white or brown . 
  the difference between a healed lesion and an active one is only visible if you dry the enamel . 
  if it appears matte , it 's active if it 's glossy like the rest of the tooth , it 's healed . 
  800 ppm seems a bit low , most adult toothpaste is around 1450 in the eu . 
  this is optimal for remineralization , high concentration gels like 5000 ppm are not as these prevent the remineralization of the deeper regions of the lesion with fast remineralization of the surface . 
  the bump is called incisive papilla , however ops pic points to the labial surface . 
  honestly , there 's no real difference between an iphone and a similarly priced android phone for the average user nowadays . 
  if you run osx at home , the iphone is the better choice , otherwise it really does n't matter . 
  underrated comment, 
  [ that 's not even me ... like , i do n't jerk off mobily . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ocgiulpm3iu ), 
  afaik it 's the spirit of one of the druids from the old circle if the bald mountain . 
  i think it 's supposed to show how advanced the aen elle are , at least artistically . 
   i can tell you . 
  they were sent to auschwitz because they supported the russian invasion of the northeast third reich . 
  the german government did n't exist then . 
   edit : go ahead and downvote me . 
  it 's typical . 
  a few years before the jewish expulsion germany did have a constitutional form of government . 
  it was overthrown by a group known as the nationalsozialistische deutsche arbeiterpartei ( nsdap ) also known as the nazis . 
  what ensued is a dictatorship by hitler . 
  they were responsible for the unfortunate events that led to the killings of jews . 
  i accept that . 
  however , what i do n't accept is the term genocide . 
  there have a been lots of wholesale slaughter of ethnic groups throughout history ( american indians ) . 
  because this happened more recently people want to judge the german people of this which is unfortunate, 
  does n't sound great now , does it ? 
  do carry on and deny genocide . 
  systematic ethnic cleansing of jews ?
