   if you are strong , this is much easier to do , especially if you are doing it repeatedly . 
  you would knock crossbows with your legs . 
  if you 're doing it repeatedly you do n't need to be strong but rather have good endurance, 
  it 's reddit man, 
   i used to do competitive archery and our range had some recreated crossbows from different eras . 
  they were difficult to nock . 
  reddit truly is the home of master debaters . 
  source ? 
  does anybody have a reliable fix for [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vikic8j.jpg ) battlefield 1 issue ? 
  game worked fine up until the new dlc patch . 
  tried reinstalling the game/drivers/visualc + + nothing seems to work . 
  same issue here . 
  limiting my fps to 60 seems to somewhat fix the problem so far . 
  tried a couple drivers , but ca n't go too far back cause the game itself requires fairly new ones , otherwise it wo n't start . 
  managed to solve it by going borderless and limiting fps to 60 . 
  it 's very easy to rack up kills on inf with a trench fighter . 
  shooting down a 100 star pilot is a different thing . 
  but tanks dont ' t have autorepair anymore . 
  also the drivers have really big blindspots in the bigger tanks , and they are all slow as fuck with no boost . 
  it balances out . 
  it 's good for locking down points if you 're good with it . 
  change your origin profile pic ( pc ) . 
  anime was a mistake, 
  does n't seem too bad . 
  mostly because skyrim 's ui is terrible out of the box . 
  for kbm it 's essential that you mod it . 
  sl1916 is a noobtrap . 
   so yes , it 's clear that dresden , hiroshima et al were n't war crimes . 
  do n't have to deny so hard just because you 're american . 
  who said anything about nazis ? 
  paclitaxel is also a plant derived drug , just saying . 
   there 's that super europeans view that always comes up on discussions of culture . 
  so where does your inferiority complex come from ? 
  show me on this doll where the bad european man belittled the pinnacle of culture that is the usa . 
  come on now , you do n't have to be so defensive . 
   it seems you europeans have a misunderstanding of what culture is . 
  you may recognize it as opera , classical music , paintings , etc. 
  and you are right . 
  that 's culture . 
  culture of the 1700s . 
  the last time europe actually made some . 
  now-a-days culture is the music on the radio , video games , movies , tv , the internet , blue jeans , coca cola . 
  you guys are surrounded by so much american culture everyday , you ca n't even recognize it . 
  you come to the us , and everything seems so familiar . 
  your inferiority complex kicks in , and you tell yourself this means the us has no culture . 
  which , of course , could n't be further from the truth . 
  we really do n't , you however obviously do , and it 's blatant how unfamiliar you are with most of europe 's culture . 
   edit : it also seems you like skyrim , battfield one , overwatch , dark souls and all sorts of other american cultural exports . 
  you 'll find half of these are n't even american . 
   i can assure you , no one in america is eating hungarian goulash . 
  we 're fine with you gobbling that shit up when you are shuffled through the tourist traps and skimmed like a true american . 
  evidently you are very happy since you can return home as an authority on europe 's culture . 
  it 's even more fun to live here , 
  that 's all you had ? 
  not a very cultured attempt ... then again i did n't expect more . 
  about what ? 
  that we have our own language unlike you ? 
   and everyone i talked to in hungary complained about it haha . 
  do n't lie , nobody talked to you ... 
  then you flew home , got beaten on your flight . 
  anally probed by tsa and shot on the street like a dog . 
  ah , trying to condescend to me after i go on your level . 
  nice . 
  maybe visit another time with an open mind and not just two streets in budapest . 
  open up a history book , i know that 's hard for you but i know you can do it . 
  maybe not now , but a couple years down the road when you 've matured . 
   i know far more about history than you . 
  proceeds to list wikipedia paragraphs as deep knowledge . 
  so no you 'll just be intentionally obtuse ? 
  fine , guess it 's time for your final grades . 
  you tried to do your homework and are quite persistent , but the overall execution falls short . 
  it 's too crude for the top minds of reddit here . 
  romania did declare war and entered ww1 to gain territories . 
  looks like the rules are garbage though . 
  say you have to go below parallel with your upper arms or something like that , and grip width ahould be based on arm span , so you do n't end up with manlets like these with 1 '' rom . 
  manlets , when will they learn ... 
  maybe if i was a hyperlordotic manlet i would . 
  i 'm not salty at all since i 'm not a manlet , you however are way too worked up about this . 
  i suggest you search for likeminded people in / r/short . 
   your horse ca n't heal while you 're astride it . 
  it definitely does . 
  you can also drop a health pack and pick it up without dismounting . 
  i ran into one aimbotter so far , wallhacks are just impossible to know from a killcam between shitty hitreg , lag and spot flares . 
  the lebel should have had a marksman variant instead of the sniper imo . 
  * trench fighter , not the attack plane, 
  more like by the end of the eighties ussr influence waned , and the jump happens after 1989-1991 , when the communist regimes were overthrown . 
  the way it 's meant to be grilled . 
  are you stupid ? 
   mucus-producing tissue lines the mouth , nose , sinuses , throat , lungs , and ** gastrointestinal tract . 
  literally in the article you linked . 
  the stomach absolutely does produce mucus . 
  this really btfod my europoors . 
  s h a d i l a y, 
  the issue here is that the upper jaw is underdeveloped which is not really fixable with just moving teeth . 
  one way is stimulating the growth of the upper jaw with masks like these in younger patients , or surgery once they turn old enough . 
  [ `` research study '' ] ( https://youtu.be/tvlkxrnlp10?t=18m25s ), 
  do you use an enb ? 
  change the lodbias under engine to -0.50, 
  delete the cache folder for the in game browser in / documents, 
  sex is determined at conception .
