  where did that shit come from ? 
  meanwhile tahm `` 32 % max health '' kench get a 25 range nerf . 
  except he has consistent damage from ult passive while being unkillable . 
  having a skill that completely counters assassins , overloaded with 32 % max health damage is absolutely retarded . 
  tahm needs serious nerfs or he will stay permabanned for a long time . 
  who is this 4th chin ? 
  that splash was never actually on live though ? 
  she released with [ this ] ( http://img2.leaguecraft.com/skins/asset/skin_1405933892_760px_45683_1.jpg ) . 
  however the samurai were mostly horse archers , so their main weapon would be the bow and then the spear . 
  confirmed , happens about third of the cases , very annoying . 
  let 's look at what riot announced so far :, 
  replay system, 
  new client, 
  ao shin, 
  it 's thin enough for light to shine through it ? 
  it 's neither , they 're actors . 
  calm down disney !, 
  getting ready to shovel shit from the designated streets . 
  the ocean is really big and deep . 
  and people like you eventually come begging to / r/dentistry for free shit . 
  what 's so important that you ca n't spare 1 hour every 6 months to get a checkup ? 
  caring about your body is also your duty , not just the doctor 's . 
  let 's compare the quality of life in russia and the us . 
  the us is way behind because of capitalism , right ? 
  wait a minute ... 
  the ussr also benefited greatly from the cmea held together by it 's military might . 
  you can compare former east bloc countries with their western counterparts and see how the ussr and socialism stifled growth . 
  i 'm not assuming , the ussr and the eastern bloc were in fact socialist states . 
  these countries suffer the socioeconomic effects of it to this day . 
  how exactly did you prove they were n't ? 
  all of them were marxist-leninist socialist states . 
  looks like a silver nikon d40 . 
  that 's ironic coming from you . 
  he kind of had a point until he started comparing tfa to the whole original trilogy like every other negative critic out there . 
  you missed the joke and got upset about it ? 
  the context is reddit , why does everyone try so hard to be offended on behalf of others ? 
  this, 
  you 're, 
  / r/gore was a good sub tbh, 
  insulting people just because you ca n't stomach something is pretty pathetic . 
  i do n't think we should thank the japanese for murdering and torturing though . 
  thanking the chinese for their sacrifices is much more appropriate . 
  same reason you do . 
  back to / r/short, 
  underage b &, 
  i prefer vibram fivefingers , they 're really the pinnacle of high fashion footwear . 
  so how 's the life in silver, 
  make us whole, 
  another condescending armchair reddit communist . 
  h2s definitely has odor though . 
   and they get shitfaced with other spastics without watching any of the bands, 
  that 's true for any music festival , not just metal . 
  and these so called military strikes that have 90 % civilian casualty rates are somehow legal ? 
  it was that high in yemen for example . 
  grow up . 
   drone strikes `` have killed about 14 terrorist leaders . 
  but , according to pakistani sources , they have also killed some 700 civilians . 
  this is 50 civilians for every militant killed , a hit rate of 2 percent . '', 
  from that article . 
  i 'm sure us military `` iraq has wmds '' sources are infallible and unbiased too . 
  lol , lel xdd, 
  til 900 + 0.6 ap aoe damage is minor . 
  that just shows what absolute garbage riot is . 
  the game has no consistency over long periods of time . 
  they jerk nerf and buff champions just for the sake of selling skins . 
  what you do n't understand is , that at the beginning of the season you get matched with players that used to be around your mmr pre-reset . 
  if you wait , those players will climb back up and you will get matched with worse players . 
  let 's say you were plat i , you will play against old plat is after the reset . 
  if you wait you will play against low golds , and climbing will be much easier . 
  not by much , first game is 54 , second 53 and so on . 
  source , i played in s1/s2, 
  but exploding is the indicator that it 's done . 
  it 's also used in dentistry in endodontic files and in orthodontics as leveling wires . 
  about 20 years in endodontics and 30 in orthodontics . 
  seriously , fiora is a first blood machine . 
  although it 's not dangerous , it 's still a good way to infect your baby with all kinds of bacteria from your mouth . 
  this plays a role in early childhood tooth decay . 
  90k from 800k is a very good sample size . 
  try garen , very easy to play , tanky as fuck , best emote in the game . 
  it 's l\u0113x . 
  meaning you can walk up and eat a morg q. 
  nah , that looks about 1-2 mm of gum recession . 
  you ca n't tell bone recession without periodontal probing or xrays , and even then bone grafts are n't magic . 
  but you ca n't tell the amount of bone loss , which determines the treatment plan which is why you need probing and xrays . 
  also bone loss can be present without apparent gum recession . 
  that was a fair argument 3 years ago , after the fiora rework riot lost every argument about irelia being unhealthy . 
   fiora does n't have a 2 second , targetable stun and a ton of built in sustain . 
  heal fiora for 25 - 110 ( based on level ), 
  if she triggers one duelist 's dance vital before her target dies , she creates a victory zone that heals her and allied champions within over the next 2 seconds . 
  the duration is extended by 1 second for every extra duelist 's dance vital hit , up to a maximum of 5 seconds . 
  if fiora parries at least one immobilizing effect , riposte stuns the target for the same duration instead . 
  sure w is n't targetable , but it 's combined with 0.75 s of invulnerability and also slows as . 
  so basically you 're a fucking idiot . 
  grant her 20 / 30 / 40 / 50 % bonus movement speed that decays over 1.75 seconds . 
  fiora can trade safely with only q , then waste your time when you chase her with the passive ms boost . 
  and if you catch her , she still has riposte to fuck you up . 
  i think she 's overpowered because i play her , i enjoy the freelo , but she 's a lot stronger than ire who i also play . 
  it 's allegri miserere , not mozart . 
  fiora gets what , 3s cd on w. meanwhile gp gets 3 barrels and half the bonus gold . 
  you should team up with lyte , how to bullshit statistics you do n't understand .
