  you should step up your skyrim modding game then . 
  i guarantee a good enb and texture packs will give you about 5-10 fps . 
  why not ? 
  making a game look like it was just released that 's actually from 2011 is pretty useful . 
  [ reddit enhancement suite ] ( http://redditenhancementsuite.com/ ) filter for subreddits you do n't want to see , or just turn on the nsfw filter . 
  guy 's probably hilariously bad at ping pong , gets the setup high ball and still fucks it up . 
  actual scientists working in labs can be a `` huge waste of brainpower '' too if we judge things based on their usefulness to everyday life . 
  around the time pulsefire came out , that was 2 years ago i think . 
  he was nerfed pretty badly since . 
  how about you do n't disrespect players at all ? 
  i play on smurfs but i make it a goal to be positive as possible . 
  trick is just a bad example . 
  so let 's say you lived in a house for a couple of decades . 
  now i bulldoze the house and evict you on the grounds that where you live used to be populated by some tribes about two thousand years ago that i consider to be a descendant of . 
  i guess you would n't be upset at all and go peacefully after i reversed over one of your kids with my tank . 
  now you can move into hamas territory who fire rockets at us , use your kids as human shields and get bombed . 
  fuck , that 's like the bug from stargate atlantis sucking on the frog 's neck . 
  she 's too binary , either she blows someone up or she blows up . 
  she was way too tanky compared to the damage she did so riot tried to tweak her and she ended up being left weak . 
  or xerath if you 're asking trynd, 
  yea because committing a felony is so much better than internet trolling right ? 
  does n't matter , if you want to take the moral high ground do n't encourage people to commit felonies . 
  sure , because smoking le weed is not a crime cause it 's enjoyable !!!, 
  ! 1 ! 1 i can ignore laws because i do n't agree with them personally , right ? 
  most people have bad brushing techniques , but there 's some genetic element . 
  also the bacterial flora in our mouths can be very different and what we eat obviously has a great effect . 
  interdental brushes are better than floss though . 
   decreases the strength of your teeth, 
  this is how i know you do n't have any idea what you 're talking about . 
  yes fluoride is a toxin , but only in higher doses than what is currently used in us drinking water , and only in children . 
  also fluoride does n't `` strengthen your teeth '' it just makes it more resistant against acids . 
  just an advice , do n't brush right after drinking cola . 
  the phosphoric acid dissolves the outer layer of the enamel , which you promptly strip away with brushing . 
  the general consensus right now is to wait about 30 minutes after eating , and then brush . 
  definitely . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_ ( nominal ) _ per_capita, 
  here are my shadow settings from the ini , hope it helps . 
  [ display ], 
  finteriorshadowdistance = 3000.0000, 
  ishadowmapresolutionsecondary = 4096, 
  ishadowmapresolutionprimary = 4096, 
  check this , it 's the biggest hair mod i know , also you 'll need to google a dl cause it 's not on the nexus . 
  it does n't suck , down the block is a lot better since you do n't have to cut into your tendons to actually hit the vein . 
  i really liked how this quest handled it http://elderscrolls.wikia.com/wiki/lost_to_the_ages, 
  no quest markers , but you have a book with a map, 
  those thermometers tend to have switchable plastic covers , that you 're ment to change after every pt . 
  is n't sgssaa better than ssaa ? 
  when i tried it , it was pretty dope . 
  it does n't anymore , a soul gives flat ap and armor now . 
   politicians are never likable, 
  all of my what , seriously politician 's job is to get people to like them . 
  having a strong charisma is probably the most important attribute a politician can have . 
  here 's the thing . 
  you said a `` jackdaw is a crow . '', 
  is it in the same family ? 
  yes . 
  no one 's arguing that . 
  as someone who is a scientist who studies crows , i am telling you , specifically , in science , no one calls jackdaws crows . 
  if you want to be `` specific '' like you said , then you should n't either . 
  they 're not the same thing . 
  if you 're saying `` crow family '' you 're referring to the taxonomic grouping of corvidae , which includes things from nutcrackers to blue jays to ravens . 
  so your reasoning for calling a jackdaw a crow is because random people `` call the black ones crows ? '', 
  let 's get grackles and blackbirds in there , then , too . 
  also , calling someone a human or an ape ? 
  it 's not one or the other , that 's not how taxonomy works . 
  they 're both . 
  a jackdaw is a jackdaw and a member of the crow family . 
  but that 's not what you said . 
  you said a jackdaw is a crow , which is not true unless you 're okay with calling all members of the crow family crows , which means you 'd call blue jays , ravens , and other birds crows , too . 
  which you said you do n't . 
  it 's okay to just admit you 're wrong , you know ? 
  it 's quite a bit of time to figure out every setting and then make your own . 
  your best bet would be to combine different enbs and see how that works out . 
  did you clean your saves ? 
  http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/53045/ ? 
  after cleaning my save with this from unnecessary scripts my crashes and load times went down to a minimum . 
  check what the masters of those two esps are , only activate weatherpatch_db if the weatherpatch is active and get the climatesoftamriel-sound main file . 
  i run realvision and have fast loading times , you probably have some other problems . 
  loading times really slow down if your save is bloated , clean it of scripts and stuff and it will be a lot better . 
  if you use realvision , i suggest turning off dynavision , the rv dof is awesome . 
  if you want better performance with enbs , simply turning off ambient occlusion will give you about 10 fps right away . 
  i have a 2500k , 8 gigs of ram and a gtx 570 . 
  i run rv with ambient occlusion turned off . 
  i 'm not sure how saves work exactly , but i recently started a new game , and still had tons of scripts left over . 
  http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/53045/ ? 
  trying this ca n't hurt . 
  yes , but i use the official high res patch instead of skyrim 2k , and i also run smim and amidianborn bos . 
  basically these photoreceptors are most sensitive to blue light , and they are the ones that feed information to the suprachiasmatic nucles that regulates the circadian cycle . 
  nope . 
   shits cold , man . 
  the scale is n't specified so it 's angle not temperature . 
  go to `` skyrim/data/meshes / armor / '' and delete the folder of the armor . 
  but sadly riot will definitely kill it or it would probably threaten them . 
   never been in a nice car before, 
  american car . 
  nice . 
  pick one you stupid fucking cunt . 
  factory data is never achievable on the roads . 
  how about you press the button to off yourself you worthless piece of shit . 
  http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/22134/ ?
