  you are a fucking idiot if you think champions like amumu and nautilus should n't have tradeoffs . 
  amumu especially has a really oppressive lategame and a ridiculous snowball . 
  the only thing keeping them in check is lee and kha'zix . 
  let 's not even talk about fiddle who has been a huge balance problem until his fear nerf . 
  explains why ap itemization is getting buffed , zhonya and athens are n't nerfed , and the biggest counter to immobile mages is getting destroyed . 
  i do n't know what you are smoking , but the vi q nerf is a straight nerf . 
  it breaks even at 200 bonus ad . 
  i probably built that much ad once over my 100 + ranked games on vi . 
  the ult nerf is also huge , compared to the trist buff . 
  simply the scope of the nerf affecting 3 aspects of one ability is a lot more than what trist got on one of her basic abilities . 
  have n't met a jarvan yet in high plat that did n't build like lee with the exception of sighstone . 
  [ check your pivilege !, 
  ] ( http://mcdlr.com/check-your-privilege/ ), 
  high plat is even worse , you get the troll low diamonds who just do n't give a shit anymore and the incredibly frustrated plat1/2s who are trying to get that shiny border . 
  release zyra , she was so op she got hotfix nerf right after . 
  cause your mum always makes them layered and you 're too much of a pussy to tell her you do n't want chocolate . 
  vitamin d deficiency is really common especially during winter . 
  here are some studies :, 
  it 's also really hard to [ overdose ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hypervitaminosis_d#recommended_supplement_limits ) vitamin d. i took 1000 iu ( = 25 \u00b5g ) daily during winter as i really have n't been out in the sun at all . 
  i took vitamin d3 pills that had to be dissolved in water and taken orally before meals ( 1 pill = 1000 iu ) . 
  although denmark gets less sun than hungary , you also eat more fish generally , so be sure to take that into account . 
  also in some countries milk is fortified with d3 so check the labels if you get your milk from the supermarket . 
  tis but a scratch, 
  [ oooh ] ( http://www.macmillandictionary.com/media/british/uk_pron_ogg/w/wre/wreck/wrecked_british_english_pronunciation.ogg ), 
  not a life form . 
  viruses are not alive by definition . 
  except channel time is n't a factor at all . 
  during the channel the enemy ca n't see the targeting circle . 
  dropping will still take 1.5 seconds , so it 's a nerf since you will have less time to cancel now . 
  honestly , lifesteal was only mandatory on adcs , since bt has been heavily nerfed and it 's nice to have in lane . 
  on toplaners , it 's pretty situational , and junglers do n't take it at all . 
  do n't understand why they nerfed them . 
  this nerf is just fucking stupid , adcs are the only ones who get these runes every time , and they need it badly . 
  renekton and co are the real abusers of lifesteal with their resistances , they also do n't get ls in runes every time . 
  this nerf goes completely in the wrong direction , riot should cut the regen and self heal of current popular toplaners , not nerf ls runes . 
  the impact of these runes with all the all-in supports is minimal . 
  4 % ls gives you 3-4 hp on hit , it 's completely negligible . 
  it 's only really impactful once the lategame comes , and you start critting . 
  it only became essential recently , the nerfs to his passive and the defence mastery tree added up . 
  he has also fallen out of favor since 4.3 . 
  so , why does n't riot buff those supports ? 
  janna does n't even need much , the nerf everything philosophy they are adopting again is driving me crazy . 
  edit : just to clarify , riot is nerfing everything earlygame , and buffs lategame runes , when playing the game is already really tedious with the anti snowball changes . 
  couple this with the nerfs to earlygame champions like lee , elise and panth ... at this point i might as well play dota . 
  and it 's also a kick in the balls for the already weak `` marksman '' class . 
  nerfing an entire class to maybe make some champions that have other problems ( sona is just too damn squishy ) viable is not the right way to go . 
  i do agree with the armor rune changes , they have been a problem . 
  competitive play will always be different than what the overwhelming majority of players experience . 
  the team coordination involved there and the nature of these champions ( like on the hunt ... ) does make them relevant , but in the games of mere mortals , you can only hope you snowball the shit out of your lane - which all these champions excel at - so the trundle that went 0/0/0 in lane does n't dive you while tanking your team and still managing to take you down . 
  the effort it takes to play let 's say a renekton , versus an adc compared to their relative power is inversely proportional . 
  why is this bad ? 
  it can make playing a whole class really frustrating , you actually have to be higher skilled to win with adc than with other roles . 
  i do n't have stats on the toxicity distribution between roles , but from my experience and from the game dynamics , i can make an assumption . 
  having to work together with someone else in lane alone is hard enough , and then you are there with possibly zero impact , depending on a whole bunch of factors , like can their lb kill me with 2 qs , does my support peel , or will there be a miracle and their toplaner ignores me , and then the enemy vi ults you and you 're dead anyway . 
  being relevant in other roles just seems much easier . 
  ketosis is a biochemical process that happens when you do n't eat carbohydrates , it 's backed with science and taught in med school . 
  a ketogenic diet can also be used to cope with diabeter mellitus . 
  the nerfs to earlygame champs are the nerfs to earlygame champs , where have you been the last few days . 
  this subreddit was full , and still is with posts about the nerfs . 
  exactly , adcs have too many tradeoffs . 
  what 's the tradeoff of rene , that he falls behind in lategame ? 
  debatable . 
  assassins and bruisers were designed to deal with adcs when they were really strong . 
  now they are a lot weaker and do n't even stand a chance against them . 
  league needs better itemization for all classes . 
  aps are really well off , supports got a lot of love too . 
  what did ads get ? 
  then again designing items for ads is hard when the possibility of bruisers abusing them always looms on the horizon . 
  pick morgana and vi is useless . 
  morde jungle has always worked , he farms like a beast , but has no gank pressure at all . 
  icefrog and valve do a really good job . 
  meanwhile riot has 3 or 4 times as many people working for them and ca n't keep up . 
  the way valve is set up is just so much more efficient . 
  while these junglers play a part in escapes being important , let 's not forget that mobility is a must have against certain assassins ( fuck lb in particular ) . 
  playing an immobile champion and dying once pretty much means you ca n't come back to lane . 
   half-life tells you how radioactive something is . 
  is n't that activity ( bq ) ? 
  half-life just tells you how that changes over time . 
  environmentalists have ordered the hit against the 6.4 l car . 
  probably factory data , there 's no way anyone will ever achieve that . 
  i would 've tried climbing along one of the turbine blades . 
  brakes should be engaged and though they would probably fail from the fire , that 's still an extra few minutes to get rescued . 
  that just proves my point , measured on a dyno with half the cylinders deactivated , it 's possible . 
  in real driving conditions it is n't . 
  factory data is always lower than what you can achieve irl . 
  the clam cleat . 
  should 've just picked renekton and turned to 1v3 . 
  that still happens , i had a guy instalock as lastpick in plat1 . 
  he was diamond last season . 
  obviously he got outfarmed by 50 . 
  i remember when people posted pictures alongside their mfws , fuck i 'm old . 
  sorry , i browse only in monochrome hypertext . 
  but ryze does n't have escapes and is very easy to gank with the renekton stun . 
  free stacks !, 
  yumm, 
  as long as she is n't 6 and you have flash , you 're fine . 
  once she 's 6 , you absolutely need to ward both sides in mid . 
  what , leblanc has a ridiculous midgame , she can 100-0 anyone with dfg pretty easily . 
  my mum also contracted polio and her leg was affected , but she can ride a bycicle and even ski . 
  i do n't know the specifics , but i do n't think she 's ever had a leg cast , apart from once when she broke her ankle playing basketball .
