  mmr does n't decay anymore , only lp . 
  [ hope this helps . 
  whore . 
  mid master yi is awesome . 
  depends on your normal mmr , if it 's lower than your ranked , the quality of games will be lower . 
  i just leveled a smurf to 30 and started duoing with my bronze 4 friend . 
  my main is plat and i lost the first 2 games as top and ad . 
  in the 3rd game i picked yi mid and went legendary in 10 minutes , got a penta and had 15 kills at 20 where they surrendered . 
  you need to pick extreme snowball champions who have decent roam and 1vx potential . 
  irelia can shit on aatrox lvl1 and later . 
  jax 's weakness is his lack of sustain , while irelia has a great on-hit heal . 
  it reduces every hit by 8 , yes . 
  her ability to take towers so fast is broken . 
  she only needs 1 bt to shred turrets in seconds and her passive toggles after the turret kill . 
  i think either the movement boost on turret kills or the as boost on turret attacks needs to be removed . 
  if this was n't enough she can completely close off ganking paths . 
  i expect total permaban status , especially after the assassin nerfs next patch . 
  my main is plat v and i recently got an account to lvl 30 to duo with my b4 friend . 
  i only played 3 games but i lost the first two because i did n't have the right strategy . 
  i tried going top but our mid was completely wrecked by what turned out to be another smurf , and in toplane i was too far removed from the team to do anything plus splitting was out of the question . 
  in the next game i tried playing adc , but i only had ashe , who is , although very strong , not an optimal pick against certain comps and does n't snowball hard enough . 
  in the last game i went yi mid , killed the enemy jungler at his red , then roamed bot for a double kill . 
  i ended this game with a penta and 15 kills at 20 minutes . 
  to sum up , you need good dueling potential , great snowball and ability to splitpush . 
  i suggest playing mid , but jungle works too . 
  do n't expect your team to do anything , you alone have to and can carry bronze . 
  english is n't hard to learn though . 
  1/10 i suggest you have the honor like rommel to take a pill to save the world from yourself . 
  if you do n't gank pre-6 you might as well play ww . 
  vi can easily force ganks at lvl 3 with q. 
  also building anything other than ancient golem is a waste , madred is just a sub-par item choice . 
  in teamfights you want to dive the carry if someone can follow you up , or you are fed other than that peeling and shredding armor is a good idea . 
  honestly d1 br is like plat on na . 
  lets just say gaminggear.eu beat pain gaming , brazil 's best team ... 
  if you build madreds you lose out on tenacity , meaning you will likely have to get mercs at some point . 
  going ancient golem lets you get mobos or tabi while having the tenacity . 
  the increased minion damage synergises well with abilities , while madred only scales with as from w . if you max w then all hope is lost and you should stop violating vi . 
  if you have success counterjungling and get ahead , you could get trinity after ancient golem , there 's no better item for dueling and you 'll still be quite tanky . 
  in my experience , any jungler who does n't get golem will have a hard time in mid game skirmishes and dragonfights and with towerdiving . 
  trinity vi brings back the feeling of pre nerf elder lizard + cleaver vi , it 's awesome . 
  complaining about shitposting is still shitposting . 
  so meta even this acronym, 
  the problem was that the guy did n't shit at all . 
  that is n't how most people use it , so he was right . 
  not that hard considering he played one champion exclusively to do that . 
  kayle not dealing a lot of damage ? 
  she 's one of the best 6 item carries in the game . 
  her core build should look like lich bane , nashors , rabadon , zhonya . 
  do n't go to noob servers where there is an autokick for high kdr . 
  quinn , vayne , kennen are all good picks against garen and they are much more useful than teemo in teamfights . 
  renekton is also one of the more traditional toplaners who can go toe-to-toe with garen . 
  you just went full * woosh *, 
  `` why ca n't i get a straight answer ? 
  it 's always just ` oh no !, 
  stop hitting me !, 
  ow , my face ! ' '', 
  she turned out to be vi 's sister . 
  actually he flashed first , then used w right after . 
  intriguing , but highly disturbing . 
  it is though , in most matchups if you still have summoners up you can turn that into a kill most of the time . 
  me too , yay for us, 
  get out of silver , you could play mumu for days . 
  rune wars  pool party, 
  your gums can still go to shit though . 
  that happens with every champion if they know there 's someone maining it on the enemy team . 
  inb4 hand of midas, 
  yep , they also ignored the feedback on bandit sivir being a lackluster skin . 
  in her q she has a 5 bladed boomerang , but in her hand it 's a 4 bladed one . 
  then there 's the fact that her autoattack is basically invisible . 
  her hair is the worst out of all the skins she has and the whole cholor scheme of the skin is just too dull . 
  he 's still better than 95 % of league players , so why not ? 
  itt : people who do n't know what anti fun is . 
  i have also found some interesting material, 
  exactly , i do n't think bf4 is as much of an improvement on bf3 that it 's worth $ 100 . 
  yes , commander mode and a scripted `` levolution '' every map is worth the money . 
  i 'm pretty sure that someone who spent that much money on lol played thousands of hours already . 
  it 's the same sentiment , support the company that makes an awesome game with constant updates available to everyone for free . 
  * 975 , most 1350 skins have different vos . 
  you know it 's on pbe , right ? 
  most of the 1350 skins have vos e.g. 
  depends on which herpes virus infected you and where . 
  [ about that ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i16_8l0ys-g ), 
  it 's not like amd will have the same architecture for 10 years . 
  in fact there 's a big change coming with the next generation ( rx 3xx ) . 
  bot you ca n't use it while damaged , so not that op . 
  and this is bf4, 
  both are abysmal, 
  calm down now , just because you 're a fat fuck you do n't have to hate people who wear skinny jeans . 
  that used to be a great comeback in elementary school . 
  assumptions stem from stereotypes , and guess what kind of people hate on fashion . 
  it is n't . 
  for one those plat 2-4s can have low mmr , secondly if you really do have high mmr you 'll get to promos really fast . 
  winning 28 lp and losing 10 means you can get 100 lp with sub 50 % winrate . 
  you need a 50 % + winrate to climb , but once you reach the elo you belong to , it will shift towards 50 % . 
  there are people who use 1 champion/role to climb , then try to learn new things in higher elo , obviously they 'll have a sub 50 % ratio . 
  nasus shits on jax later , since qs go through dodge . 
  i 'm guessing you never played the matchup . 
  the fact is that nasus scales infinitely , that 's his thing , so by definition jax ca n't scale better than him . 
  then there 's the fact that you get a low cd exhaust with wither , aoe armor reduction , and huge damage to turrets . 
  you do n't need a gapcloser when you have a 95 % slow on a fairly low cooldown .
