  zed or syndra are a lot harder ( though syndra stun is getting nerfs i think ) matchups for him from experience . 
  and then there 's ori who 's just really strong and more reliable than azir and can lane against him just fine . 
  porcelain fused to metal bridge . 
  i came across something mentioning a former valmont emperor having to do something with the statues . 
  it was socialist , not communist . 
  the first blight happened before andraste , dumat was slain by the wardens the same year andraste was born . 
  if you like tragedy go for blackwall . 
   i went mage knight enchanter, 
  no wonder you were bored . 
  rift mage is tons of fun . 
  you could 've even respecced as a full elemental mage , having a lot of spells is great , only thing missing is mana regen from specializations . 
  leave hinterlands asap . 
  do n't let azir push you in dude . 
  being bugless is n't a feature , the game itself was kinda short and repetitive after a while . 
  press jump while stationary . 
  if you have good crafted gear and a balanced party it should n't be too hard , also if you use sera : fire flask + thousand cuts for easy mode . 
  shield bash . 
  aromatic, 
  these toilets have the benefit of not splashing when you drop a huge turd , but you better stand back when you flush . 
   `` tripathi , who was last seen march 15 , died '' ... `` after the april 15 bombings of the boston marathon , crowdsourcing groups drawing upon photos released by the fbi of a suspect erroneously reported via reddit '', 
  so not at all . 
   i recently moved to cs : go from league of legends where smurfing really is n't that much of a problem, 
  smurfing is a huge problem in league at low levels . 
  some more that are actually funny, 
  for a game released in 2006 , a medieval 2 looked amazing . 
  you probably started out with newer games first after ca switched to units routing in 1 second and m2 feels `` slow '' because of that . 
  the only thing missing from m2 is unit replenishment , having to retrain units sucks , but it 's still the best game in the series followed closely by shogun 2 . 
  if you liked every unit looking the same with no specular map , no hdr , bad animations , no dirt buildup and shitty lighting then i guess it did look better to you . 
  punnany massif , magashegyi underground , brains top songs on spotify . 
  what . 
  the . 
  in other news the sky is blue . 
  more at 10 . 
  [ penglings ? 
  ] ( http://youtu.be/-gnldjagrws?t=10s ), 
  yea , a petri dish is a few magnitudes behind the tons you need for agricultural uses . 
  it 's a she actually . 
  no , but it would prevent the occasional frustration when you miss a kill because of this . 
   the ball didnt touche his head, 
  it 's not gay until the balls touch . 
  smoking is estimated to increase the risk --, 
  * for coronary heart disease by 2 to 4 times, 
  * for stroke by 2 to 4 times, 
  * of men developing lung cancer by 25 times, 
  * of women developing lung cancer by 25.7 times, 
  smokers are 12 to 13 times more likely to die from copd than nonsmokers . 
  you 're just being a pedantic cunt about murder and ethnic cleansing . 
  so you think it 's ok to murder someone for being born in the wrong place or to a different ethnicity but it 's wrong to do it for something they did , like mocking a religious figure . 
   personally , i see a world of difference between murdering people, 
  this is what you said . 
  there 's no difference between the murder of innocent people . 
  unless they 're palestinian and you happen to be racist . 
  it 's fine though , you 'll fit right in in politics subs with all the other racists . 
  who 's pulling the trigger ? 
  civil war kinda hinders progress . 
  if it does work like it should it 's probably decent , but i had a civil war where i lost almost 2/3s of territory and 8-9 fullstacks while the civil war meter was completely empty ... 
  i loaded a save . 
  osteoclasts do for example . 
  also cancer cells . 
  you do n't have to be smart for differential and integral calculus , just sit down , study and practice . 
  no he 's x-man from avengers . 
  battle is tiring as fuck you armchair shitstain . 
  in a dense immobile formation like the phalanx you tire out and get fucked while the roman formation is flexible , mobile and better suited if formations break up . 
  also phalanges are vulnerable to flanking , which a more mobile force , like roman maniples can easily do . 
  that would n't happen . 
  just look at other countries where higher education is free . 
  keep in mind that these are before the marian reforms , so no `` traditional '' legionaries . 
  actually , only female fetuses grow a vagina since it develops from the m\u00fcllerian duct along with the uterus and gonads . 
  testes develop from the wolffian ducts so you 're pretty much talking out of your ass here . 
  it is , / u/mightyprometheus is talking out of their ass . 
  sure , your source is probably a bullshit article or a youtube video , and you just parrot the same wrong information all over this thread . 
  i studied embryology so you 're wasting time lying to me & # 3232 ; _ & # 3232 ;, 
  as far as i know it 's the burqa that 's been banned not the hijab , because it covers the face . 
  tinfoil for facebook is a good replacement , it 's just a wrapper for the browser version . 
  / r/dentistry is a great sub tho , probably because it 's small and most people only post when they have dental problems . 
  yea fuck those guys , they spend all their time fixing your ugly , smelly mouth only because you do n't brush and floss like they told you to and only come when it hurts . 
  dota 2 a dota-style game played on the dota map where the main objective is to defend the ancients . 
  that 's a small horse . 
  i 'll have you know that there 's no pussieeee . 
  good to hear , i just bought a goretex north face skiing jacket . 
  was [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zg6sf18_cci ) guy banned ? 
  he 's master i on eune but have n't played in 2 weeks . 
  known for scripting in high elo for months , there 's even been a thread here about him . 
  photoshop , they 're probably butchering a goat . 
  do n't be racist mang, 
  high level promod was much like cs with spotnades , smokes , flashes all that shit with more emphasis on movement aspects with the aku . 
  speak for yourself . 
  i 'm erekt . 
  does the book cite a study for this ? 
  cause this really seems like bullshit . 
  what moms should actually do is prevent transmission of streptococcus mutants for example . 
  staph . 
  epidermidis is colonising skin anyway and very rarely pathogenic . 
  science is n't about belief . 
  it 's about facts and experiments that are examined to arrive at a conclusion . 
  what op provided is a nice bedtime story , not a study and as such it has zero weight . 
  quoted from a textbook is n't proof . 
  i could quote the lord of the rings , would you say that 's proof that gandalf lived ? 
  hey , get back to 4chinz we got dank memes and doubles, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/water_intoxication ),
