  it 's a bad photoshop . 
  . _ o o, 
  itt butthurt riven players . 
  it was posted there first . 
  i 'm pretty sure pure insulin would be powder like . 
  yea , 90s music was so much better . 
  so you 're saying she was already brokenly op if you did animation canceling ? 
  it 's a gimmick and champion balance should n't depend on that . 
   this change will make her brokenly powerful against everyone . 
  this is literally what you said . 
  basically if you are saying she will be op if everyone can do the fast combo , she 's already op for people who can do it right now . 
  just because you 're biased because it takes some marginal skill and you feel entitled to abuse that and not be subject to proper balance , you 're deluded . 
  [ these pengwings ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-gnldjagrws ), 
  i 'm guessing you did n't try the emperor edition and base your opinion on the release version . 
  unit cards always have a small pictogram that shows what type and how heavy of a unit it is , the artistic style is great . 
  campaign map icons are a minuscule problem , there are mods for both on the workshop as well as countless texture mods too . 
  sieges actually work now as well as land and naval battles . 
  the ai will always be worse than the player strategically , that 's always gon na be the case . 
  the only diplomacy option missing is region trading , you can actually set the amount of money you want to give/demand now . 
  things like non-aggression pacts , different types of alliances and confederacies are newer additions , i do n't remember them from shogun 2 . 
   my biggest disappointment now is that most of the factions seem to play exactly the same after the early game . 
  shogun 2 ... 
  what the actual fuck ? 
  the game where every faction is literally the same with marginal differences in 1 type of unit is your example ? 
  there are factions in rome 2 that literally only have cavalry units . 
  how would that play the same way as suebi for example , who are very heavily infantry focused and substitute cavalry with shock infantry . 
  defense of the hats 2 , great game volvo . 
  in league you only decay in lp , your mmr/elo does n't decay . 
  most division skips happen when you start playing ranked and the k factor is great , which means you gain 50 elo per win instead of 12 . 
  this makes that the tiered system can lag behind , needing skips to catch up . 
  obviously , that 's how elo rating works . 
  i played back in the days when league had elo , 90 % of the time you got 10-12 points . 
  `` redditor for 1 month '' crying about downtokes, 
  sure newfriend, 
  grandpa and niggershoes ? 
  do n't give a shit about #gg , but the fox report where that cunt was bitching about gta was funny as fuck . 
  they 're english words as far as i know . 
  you 'd be one triggered motherfucker in australia . 
   im only talking to you, 
  you 're talking because you think someone gives a shit about your worthless self and half-baked opinions of a 15 yr old, 
  at first i did n't even realize the scoreboard was part of the costume . 
  that girl must have some neck muscles . 
  also miss belgium is apparently half hungarian . 
  you should be more concerned about your tiny pencil there . 
  now you feel the pain of le medicine masterrace . 
  as a principle , people with heart conditions should avoid all kind of jump scares , not just vr . 
  it works like this because spells like amumu ult have 2 components . 
  after the rework , sivir e blocked the damage but was still rooted , so riot changed it back so it fully blocks spells , but the downside is shown in the video . 
  either it 's shit or a bit op , but it 's not by any means a `` massive '' bug . 
  riot tried to fix it . 
  it ended up breaking spellshield as it was n't able to block spells that have multiple components like amumu ult . 
  did you try it with champions that have no extra effects on their auto attacks ? 
  might have to do something with powerchord , corki 's true dmg passive etc. 
  a sword does n't weigh much though . 
  1-3 kgs depending on length . 
  i was talking about traditional medieval swords . 
  i thought you meant those with `` a sword '' . 
  thinking they were heavy is a common misconception . 
  the perks of being blind is that you ca n't see reposts . 
  le_gnome_face . jpg, 
  you ca n't run and gun with ars in go , spread is way too big . 
  the music can be turned off and the menu argument is just plain retarded . 
  or utopia . 
  no , they just printed out your posts and put them on her face . 
  for you, 
  probably d5 with low mmr , my friend got p2 with 6-4 from p1 . 
  i use incognito mode , checkmate nsa . 
  for you . 
  walking out of your basement for hot pockets is an athletic activity . 
  loneliness . 
  i like how this sub seems to be against racism most of the time except against whites . 
  cracker is a racial slur , if you were anti-racism it would n't be heavily upvoted . 
  obviously you have to result to le youtube meem cause you do n't even have your own opinion . 
  but do you like kefir ? 
  m'lady . 
  small molecules can attach to proteins which together can cause an immune response . 
  you 're a big guy, 
  stock intel cooler is perfect if you do n't plan on heavy oc . 
  well meme 'd my friend, 
  leffe is probably the worst example . 
  except the kindey releases renin ( lat . 
  ren = kidney ) , angiotensinogen is produced by the liver . 
  you can set that in literally every torrent client . 
  you also have to be a public tracker pleb to do that . 
  it appears you have been meme 'd . 
   60c is a fine temperature . 
  your card does n't last very long if it 's frequently running in the 75-100 range , and the 660 's thermal failure temp is at 97c . 
  if you see your card temp near here then take load off it and check your fan speed . 
  bullshit , my 570 runs at 85 \u00b0 , always has . 
  still going strong after 4 years . 
  skins also drop in csgo , though good drops are very rare . 
  that looks closer to 20 % bf than 10 . 
  \\  balanced, 
  he was around 46-47 before the nerfs . 
  that 's why it 's called a diet . 
  put benis in vagin, 
  the shits dehydrated you , it was only water weight . 
  if you want / r/serbia linked message the mods ? 
  or is it the map bug ? 
  very interesting ...
