  what the shit ? 
  i understand you need to cash in on braum , but for the love of god do n't be so obvious pay to win and nerf him already . 
  starting dragon age again , i have to say i really really miss amalur 's combat . 
  cheap, 
  not glossy since 2012, 
  cherry mx blues, 
  no it is n't , just everyone in lol is always salty as fuck, 
  i mean apart from koreans and weaboos , who really gives a shit . 
  what a bunch of retards , they would be better off buying games than wasting money on the 0 chance they have to win . 
  you could say you were `` paroosing '' / r/all ? 
  you can make your front page look like 4chan easily if you pick the right subreddits . 
  / r/watchpeopledie, 
  no he did n't , it 's fake . 
  it 's definitely used a lot and not tender at all . 
  holy shit you 're retarded . 
  they wo n't make another origins , get over it . 
  look up some actual gameplay footage instead of 3 pictures and a promotional quote . 
  you 're right . 
  looks like this one http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/dshk, 
  i play once a month to not decay , and it 's hell . 
  you 're better off this way . 
  i would 've gone with tits http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/tit_ ( bird ), 
  180cm is actually 5 ' 11 '', 
  serratus * anterior *, 
  this really rustled my jimmies . 
  thorin is already writing the 500 word apology . 
  i 'm only waiting for the esex article . 
  14 year olds ? 
  might also suggest this . 
  if you have a long time realtionship , it 's important you get to know their balls . 
  very often it 's a female partner that notices something is wrong in case of testicular cancer . 
  you just do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  i set my location to ny for fun when i ran out of swipes in my area and i got quite a few matches in 1 day . 
  maybe you have shit photos mate . 
  i 'm on android so it 's pretty easy . 
  turn on developer mode , enable mock locations and get a fake gps app . 
  on iphone you have to be jailbroken i think . 
  do you even tinder ? 
  not sure if you 're being serious , but a heart generates it 's own rhythm , and this is only modulated by parasympathetic and sympathetic fibers from the brain and spinal chord ( also hormones ) . 
  a transplanted heart has a constant hr of 100 . 
  i actually like battlelog . 
  i do n't have to start the game up for looking at stats and shit , and the server browser works better than all the in game ones . 
  i just give her the ol' lickaroo !, 
  if you clean yourself properly in the shower then the only thing you wipe off is water . 
  i do n't have ocd so i really do n't give a shit . 
  you should keep your stupid shitposts to yourself , especially when you just said you do n't even use origin . 
  dear diary , the ass was flat . 
  i always got awful jaeger shits . 
  alright , so the main palmar artery is the ulnar artery that 's in the middle . 
  it forms the superficial palmar arch with the superficial branch of the radial artery coming from the left . 
  the broad white stuff going to the fingers are tendons , while the thin ones to the sides of the fingers are nerves . 
  he 's one of those down vote trolls . 
  stop being so gullible . 
  there is quite a bit stopping it from going to the brain , might wan na brush up on your anatomy a bit . 
  there wo n't be brain matter draining when you get punched in the nose , unless it 's hulk or a semi . 
  the nasal bones wo n't go up into your brain from a punch , life is n't an action movie . 
  the problem was that the coffee was way hotter than it should 've been . 
  got ta cash in the karma again . 
  i 'd say the best support weapon is the l86 . 
  really feels like a good assault weapon with a slightly bigger mag . 
  yeah , he probably even fucked your mom . 
  the optic canal is small , but there are two quite large openings , the superior and lower orbital fissure which should be visible . 
  chromosomes do have a lot to do with gender , since the underlying biology will determine whether you think like a female or male 99.9 % of the time . 
  it wo n't change . 
  people do n't give a shit . 
  i started playing a ton of bf3 recently where there 's an option to votekick cheaters , and no vote ever passes . 
  even people playing against the cheater refuse to vote . 
  at least there are no real repercussions for leaving . 
  cause you want your cum back for the gains . 
  it says right there `` 295 dead '' in bigger font , so it is different . 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little bitch ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the navy seals , and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on al-quaeda , and i have over 300 confirmed kills . 
  i am trained in gorilla warfare and i 'm the top sniper in the entire us armed forces . 
  you are nothing to me but just another target . 
  i will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this earth , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the internet ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of spies across the usaand your ip is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm , maggot . 
  the storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life . 
  you 're fucking dead , kid . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can kill you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with my bare hands . 
  not only am i extensively trained in unarmed combat , but i have access to the entire arsenal of the united states marine corps and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent , you little shit . 
  if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little `` clever '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn idiot . 
  i will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , kiddo . 
  ~ ~ i did n't see anything wrong with my manicure until my boyfriend told me to put my ring finger down ... ~ ~, 
  i painted my pinky brown to get karma , upvotes to the left, 
  google already has your search history , locations , emails and you 're worried about your name . 
  actually it was invite only for the first three months . 
  the teemo argument comes up every now and then , the guy who posted that idea actually commented here on reddit and the only common thing was a blind and that it was a furry creature . 
  a better shooter analogy would be cs and cod . 
  battlefield is pretty different with tanks , jets , choppers , ships etc. 
  they can stream other games , just not while league is running in any form . 
  it 's literally the first link that comes up . 
  watch videos , reddit , play a game that 's not on the list , make food , exercise , have a wank , contemplate existence , q&a . 
  by the nine divines !, 
  what did you just say about me , you little skeeverbutt ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the college of winterhold , and i 've been known to cast one hell of a fireball , and i have over 300 confirmed summons . 
  i am trained in daedric warfare and i 'm the swords master of the entire imperial forces .
