  are you denying elise was nerfed , or are you saying she is n't op ? 
  i 'm lost here . 
  then again the potential of elise does n't start to shine until high gold , so i guess that 's why people think she 's balanced around here . 
  analphalanxing , a greek tradition, 
  i almost punched myself when i read this comment :, 
  the problem with elise is that even if built full tank , she can deal huge damage and assassinate targets in teamfights with spider e/q . 
  then there 's the 6 second cooldown on e with 40 % cdr . 
  i could play dead space 3 on origin while offline . 
  two levels into q , then max w. that 's what i 'm gon na do if these nerfs go through . 
  i think w is a very good choice to max in this tanky meta where sunfire is a core item on most toplaners . 
  it shreds their hp/armor and the extra as is good for dueling . 
  i also build botrk which synergizes better with w. 
  since they have two spinal chords , the sensibility from the hands only travels to one brain , so only one of them would feel it . 
  dae le supports are so nice post at least once week, 
  i 'd take posts like this all day than the shitty reposts plaguing the default subs . 
  i love the real world and its history and ac seems like a complete bastardisation of that . 
  goddamn the replies in this thread are painful . 
  * gasp * his opinion differs from yours , burn him !, 
  \\ #rekt, 
  he could n't eat it , both of his hands were broken ... 
  yep , that looks like the ult knock aside , not vault breaker . 
  but the range jinx is knocked back is too long for vault breaker , plus the fact that vi died right as she ulted implies it was the ult that bugged . 
  koreans do n't play jinx , she must be bad ... they 're actually behind the meta on this one . 
  jinx is the best adc , hands down . 
  yes insulting me will validate your stupid opinion , now fuck off . 
  yea sure you would , now drink your milk and go to bed . 
  it 's in dota2 too and it 's a great feature . 
  adds a little more depth to heroes . 
  stop aiming the spider behind the wall maybe ? 
  but as a game developed on a completely new engine , it was purely a game design decision to leave that feature in , it is n't a relic of an old engine anymore . 
  and on reddit !, 
  mr. vonsmor faggotson , you disgust me freak . 
  hahaha , i 'm done with you , stop messaging me !, 
  i had the fog of war bug for a long time now but i only have around 300-400 fps . 
  they smell like broccoli . 
  let 's be honest , vi is always good . 
  arise chikun !, 
  this is the dumbest thing i 've ever read , you ca n't beat a champion at lvl2 that does way more aa damage than you . 
  fine , she 'll just auto q him to death . 
  if you take apprehend you have 1 dmg spell , while kayle has two . 
  there 's just no way you can outdamage her . 
  depends on where you live , for me it was a walk in the park compared to second year . 
  inb4 op is a phony and just used atropine for some sweet karma . 
  your peasantry sickens me . 
  i played a ton of yasuo when he came out . 
  in my experience thornmail is a pain in the ass if tanks have a lot of health , it wo n't stop his ability to 1v1 anyone , but in teamfights the thornmails chip down his hp pretty well . 
  as he is relatively squishy , good lockdown demolishes him . 
  having a vi ult him every fight and then immediately focusing him counters his slipperiness . 
  in lane riven and lissandra a pretty hard counters . 
  lissandra also brings good lockdown and her w is painful for any melee . 
  i think this is more of a pathing issue . 
  creepblock is a mechanic in dota and you can utilize it in lol too . 
  the problem is champions get stuck because the pathing switches between going through and going around them , leaving you stuck with a seizure among minions . 
  so you have n't even played yasuo and you 're trying to give suggestions on how to balance him ? 
  he is a little bit overtuned atm but is n't a huge problem . 
  the real problem is mundo and co with their retarded tankiness and damage and adcs lacking the damage to deal with them . 
  yasuo is fine . 
  `` content '' this really is n't wtf worthy, 
  vitamin b ? 
  which one ? 
  there 's a lot of them . 
  also you can overdose vitamins , mainly the fat soluble ones ( a , d , e , k ) . 
  i had 477 rp and asked riot for 10 so i could get the vi skin on sale . 
  they usually do n't give the exact amount so you ca n't get to 0 , but apparently the support fucked up . 
  you 're right , i did n't give blue to the mid who gave first blood , i should die of cancer / s, 
  that `` trash '' is still better than 95 % of lol players . 
  tf did n't have a 95 % banrate in solo queue . 
  every now and then this bullshit story gets posted . 
  here 's the simple explanation : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cremasteric_reflex, 
  your testicle can not get to the hip joint and it can not pop voluntarily . 
  unless the guy was trying to relocate his leg by hitting his testicle with a hammer , this ca n't happen . 
  gragas is broken as fuck , he 's relatively tanky with huge burst , insane mobility and free sustain . 
  he has so much hidden power it 's ridiculous . 
  i 'd like to see the % dmg reduction removed altogether so he 's actually high risk high reward . 
  when he gets flamed , the community sucks , when he 's a dick he 's just a human being . 
  fuck your double standards . 
  games end with draw and no stats are recorded , loss prevented is a different thing . 
  he still has to get through my seven proxies !, 
  or put a weak slow on e but you could proc it again . 
  there is no such thing as an ad carry anymore ... 
  what ? 
  15 % armor and mres reduction is useless ? 
  dental supply store . 
  i 'd define the class as : `` build all damage items , and still get shit on by every other role so your team can take towers a little faster '' . 
  trynd would be a carry if he could teamfight , that leaves yasuo as the only real ad carry in the game , coincidentally he has 85 % banrate . 
  definitely max w second though , in this tanky meta % health damage is very valuable , your e is only there for the aa reset and the occasional waveclear . 
  if you think giving a rose to someone is sexual harassment i have bad news for you . 
  / r/lewronggeneration, 
  ignoring is n't the mature way , it 's just enforced by a really stupid system . 
  the biggest flaw of the tribunal is highlighting the reported player , which takes everything he says out of context . 
  i was warned once mostly defending myself and making jokes . 
  the fact that tribunal judges in eu ca n't speak proper english does n't help the situation . 
  i do n't think a teamgame should have indirectly enforced chat restrictions . 
  most people do n't read the whole chat , just check a few purple lines . 
  oh he said fuck , lets punish . 
  removing the highlight would actually force you to read through the chat , and get a better picture about the game . 
  i reported this issue a year ago to support and it 's been here ever since . 
  also since last patch , pressing esc does the same . 
  that can be worth if you did n't use summoners and you can just get back to lane and turn that advantage into a kill . 
  dentists do n't see through bones and there 's no need for xrays , unless you have some kind of problem .
