  an adc without enough crit is useless in later stages . 
  kha likes frozen heart for the man 's and cdr , it also makes him fairly tanky . 
  i would add that you can also time your w to mitigate big burst spells , like zed ult , graves ult to turn the tides in close fights . 
  also not sure what `` high elo '' means for you but up until d1-2 you can play yi easily if you 're decent . 
  yi or udyr can have the same pressure , or even solo baron in super late game . 
  holy shit , i was wondering why half of my qs did n't work yesterday . 
  + shaco , vi , rengar , fiddle , amumu , jarvan, 
  i mostly see him played top now . 
  have n't met him in the jungle this month . 
  i still play her , the bug is n't that impactful . 
  it 's rare to miss a kill because of it . 
  male who identifies as female , can we not have this again ? 
  the e aoe is n't consistent . 
  it goes off in random directions instead of the one you 're facing . 
  yea i forgot about him despite i actually played him recently with great success in d5 mmr . 
  huge utility on every skill ? 
  there must be something wrong with her . 
  q procs passive , so you can actually use it to gapclose . 
  be sure to use a soft ( super soft ) brush , but yes , that 's the technique you should be using . 
  gnar is a short range lanebully focused on kiting and poking and going in for the burst kill with mega ( or even mini if the enemy gets poked really hard ) . 
  mini form has a lot of sustained damage and poke , but is extremely squishy , while mega has burst but gets kited easily and does n't have the sustained damage of mini . 
  you have to save your e at all times to continue kiting if someone like trynd spins on you . 
  if you have enough rage you can use e to transform and double hop . 
  you should take ignite , since teleport is highly situational and a lot harder to pull off on gnar and ign lets you bully even harder . 
  in lane you can proc your w on minions to get the movespeed buff and use that to get trades you otherwise would 've missed . 
  pushing the lane generally lets you poke melee champs under turret really easily , but you have to be extra vary about ganks . 
  skill order is r  q  w  e , taking q at level one 90 % of the time , but you can also take w if you want to cheese in a bush around toplane at lvl1 ( only works against certain opponents , and if they take the route , so generally you should not level anything and wait in bush and skill w if you see the coming ) . 
  after the lanephase you are all about catching people with q slow and going in for the carries to stunlock them with r  w . if you are the only initiator type , you can choose when to go in obviously , but if there 's someone like vi , you have to communicate that they should wait for your rage to build up to get a good wombo off . 
  rage management in lane is pretty hard since you must lasthit , and enemies will back off when they see you at ~ 95 rage . 
  to counter this you can go in with lower rage ( around 80 ) when they have their minions up and transform quicly since you generate rage when you 're attacked , not just when attacking . 
  seeing is only half of it . 
  we know who 's supposed to be there so it 's a lot easier to guess from janna 's a lucian 's clothes . 
  get lw , jayce has a ton of damage and if played right he can beat nasus that has fh and sheen . 
  there is a part they could sucker to . 
  boots are n't a design problem . 
  if there were champions that did n't need boots they would be inherently at a huge advantage and if everyone had the same movespeed all the items would need to be rebalanced around that fact . 
  hold the gates of plat !, 
  smite down the high mmr gold promotees and take your revenge . 
  if that smurf is still silver after 28 days i have bad news . 
  just use qbittorrent , transmission or deluge instead . 
  no , you got ta wear it with pride when you stomp in plat/diamond next season . 
  yea , they kinda look like gallstones though the color obviously does n't match . 
  there 's a saturation slider in your video card drivers . 
  feel free to use it . 
  turn up the saturation in your video drivers . 
  that 's not necessarily toshiba 's fault . 
  intel for example is known for having absolutely shitty wifi adapters and drivers . 
  the problem i had to deal with was caused by intel 's shitty drivers ( [ centrino 6235 ] ( https://communities.intel.com/thread/31090?start=1140&amp;tstart=0 ) ) . 
  they seem to have managed to fix it after 3 years . 
  dark valkyrie diana . 
  there 's already a golden circle whenever your ball is on someone . 
  why should squishies be able to beat their counters ? 
  burst mages are there for a reason and a banshee 's veil is gon na hurt them later in the game . 
  annie is especially limited by range and most likely will have to use flash if she wants to get a good ult off or kill her lane opponent . 
  he 's been pick ban for almost a month now in higher elo . 
  the problems are his insane base damages in both forms , so he 's able to build full tank . 
  also his w is magic damage which makes defensive itemization a pain . 
  gnar does n't keep the bonus hp from mega , he does have higher base regen in mega form though . 
  so he gets to keep a fraction of it but definitely not all . 
  nothing irelia ca n't match in 5-10 autos . 
  my opinion is that gnar 's w is where he should be tuned . 
  flat + percentage damage combined was always too strong ( see elise nerfs ) . 
  that takes a long time though , when he 's actively building rage he will push the lane , same as ire/nasus/rene . 
  the counterplay to gnar in general is burst in mini and sustained damage in mega . 
  irelia is exceptionally good at dueling mega with w if she was n't poked down too hard . 
  riven absolutely shits all over mini form . 
  counterplay is there , he just needs to be toned down a little bit . 
  hackers and scripters . 
  hackers are the ones who use the refund trinket exploit to get more items or bug botrk out and oneshot people and they get banned really quickly . 
  scripters are mostly xerath , ryze , katarina and syndra players , but riot does n't seem to be banning them even when you contact support with video evidence . 
  there was a thread about a known xerath scripter on / r/leagueoflegends , he is n't banned to this day . 
  do you have buttons on the side of your mouse ? 
  use those , i have two and they 're awesome . 
  might be possible to bind items to up/down scrollwheel or middle mouse button too while keeping slots 2/3 with the regular binds , since they 're still pretty easily reachable . 
  for me , it 's important that i do n't switch items around during a game . 
  i might run dfg and zhonya on different buttons in different games but when i 'm already in a game , switching around ends in huge fails . 
  remembering to use actives just comes with time . 
  every fail is a learning opportunity . 
  some definitions call onlays that cover all cusps overlays . 
  wonder why ... 
  you skip promos if your mmr is a whole tier above your current rank . 
  you will still skip gold2 -  gold 1 promos and you can division skip which kicks in a lot easier . 
  botrk is bad , youmoo 's is also bad unless you 're fed as fuck . 
  graves has really good ad scaling so the standard build ( ie first ) is better . 
  he can , but he wo n't in higher elo . 
  wrong , jayce has 25 % armor and mr shred at max r level and magic dmg on w , e and transform in hammer . 
  also it really does n't matter when he 's critting for 1500 lategame , he will shred 400 armor tanks like flies . 
  they 're not unreliable at all . 
  morg w is unreliable , an autoattack , a point blank aoe centered on you and a targeted ability are not . 
  yasuo wo n't help your adc do more damage , jayce will . 
  also yasuo is a lot more unreliable , he relies on skillshots or teammates to even ult and is unreliable as a champion because of extremely weak laning . 
  normals do n't affect ranked mmr . 
  buy oracle 's lens , boom two of them are `` outplayed '' . 
  dodge spears . 
  i 'll give you kat because you need extreme lockdown to kill a good one but the counterplay is still there . 
  ask your dentist/hygienist about plaque disclosing , they can do it for you or you can ask for pills that you can use at home to control your brushing technique . 
  paints dental plaque to help identify areas where you might not be brushing thoroughly . 
  i 'm only a dental student , but gingivitis and periodontal problems can be a sign of hiv infection ( also flu-like symptoms you 're having ) . 
  given your background you should probably get checked . 
  it might be just bad hygiene , or you might always use sterile needles , i do n't know from your post just mentioning it .
