  the game is maintained by a small team while riot has the expenses of 1000 + employees and bigger server costs . 
  attack just before the last checkpoint ? 
  one teamwipe there is rarely enough to push all the way since def spawns so close . 
  that 's because flossing is not that effective at removing plaque especially in the molar region . 
  i suggest using interdental brushes which are more effective and faster to use . 
  seeing people commenting about it on fb , happened around oktogon/kir \u00e1ly utca . 
  so you should know half of europe uses russian gas . 
  i think that 's a bulk fill composite not flow . 
  there are laser curing lamps on the market . 
  1 team from sk and us and china , 28 from europe . 
  very likely . 
  routine periodontal probing and panoramic x-rays both make these pockets easy to detect . 
  can u down a 20 foot dragon pegnat ? 
  what type of skin cancer ? 
  what stage ? 
  what was the treatment that worked ? 
  get some stahlrim light armor . 
  tkdodge + vigor + archery gameplay overhaul + lock-on . 
  or just use the dark souls combat mod from that other modding site . 
  right-click , search google for this image . 
  now you can be an expert too . 
  i know this is shocking , but the us is n't the only country in the world . 
  it is n't . 
  record a lecture when sitting in class ? 
  your, 
  outfit studio is pretty simple , you load the _ 1 . nif of the armor and load a conversion reference ( e.g. 
  cbbe to uunp ) . 
  delete the original body mesh , and click conform all , then slide to the desired body ( high weight ) and press export nif with reference . 
  then you slide it to low and also export . 
  the high weight is the _ 1 . nif and the low is _ 0 . nif . 
  if you want hdt bounce and the original mesh does n't have weight painting you can copy the bone weights from the body to the outfit with 1 button but it usually ends up clipping . 
  apple did in fact get illegal tax breaks , they paid 0.005 % instead of 12.5 % . 
  seriously , this train spends at least 2 mins while people try to squeeze in . 
  just slam the doors and run two trains in the same timeframe . 
  the whole thing is in spotify too . 
  fascism is kind of an italian thing , hitler and co was nazi . 
  justiciars try to kill you if you 're a talos worshipper . 
  player : `` you got me . 
  i believe in talos . '', 
  justiciar : `` and so , you will die a heretic 's death . '', 
  ( attacks ), 
  player : `` i can worship anyone i want . '', 
  you can worship whatever gods you like . 
  but talos is a man , and only a heretic would think otherwise ... and so , you will die a heretic 's death . '', 
  ( attacks ), 
  player : ( remain silent ), 
  if not attacking : justiciar : ( ? ), 
  if attacking : justiciar : `` i do n't like you ... 
  i think you 're a heretic . 
  and so , you will die a heretic 's death . '', 
  got ta kill the mercy last, 
  soldier dps has the downside of charging the enemy healers ' ultimates . 
  solstheim is fine , you go there in db . 
  vvardenfell got destroyed , the setting for tes3morrowind . 
  the throat of the world is supposed to be skyrim 's tower . 
  it 's not that sub being bad , it 's more you being an insufferable asshole . 
  you spent $ 15 on a free game ? 
  you 're a retard etc, 
  use these commands in the console, 
  removemusic 000fcmusexplore, 
  removemusic 000fcmusdread, 
  removemusic 000fcmuscombat, 
  there is a weird bug with quick and autosaves where they take a couple minutes to process and freeze the game while normal saves work fine . 
  if only frost spell effects could be turned off ... if fire magic does n't warm you up why do frost spells act the opposite and slow you to a crawl . 
  you probably do this , but if not `` coc qasmoke '' when loading a save after starting the game gets rid of the load crashes 99 % of the time . 
  also this : the edelweiss was established in 1907 as the sign of the austrian-hungarian alpine troops by emperor franz joseph i. 
  these original 3 regiments wore their edelweiss on the collar of their uniform . 
  during world war i ( 1915 ) the edelweiss was granted to the german alpine troops , for their bravery . 
  today it is still the insignia of the austrian , polish , romanian , and german alpine troops, 
   i thought i read somewhere that the material that teeth are made from is capable of healing itself . 
  i 'm sure dentists read more about it than you . 
   plus lollypops after dental care ? 
  sugar free lollypops are fine . 
  oh , thank you . 
  divines bless your kind heart . 
   it was that moment when the person asking to sit in the most respected seat in our country imitated a disabled reporter -- ** someone he outranked in privilege , power , and the capacity to fight back . 
  when you omit points that do n't fit your narrative it sure looks different . 
  tank hunter is dope, 
  you 're shooting behind him . 
  it is n't fair since these deaths are a direct consequence of decisions made by communist and soviet leaders in their own states . 
  capitalism is n't a magic world leader that somehow has responsiblity for everyone else on the planet . 
  only if it has a shoulder thing that goes up . 
  ds2 trailer , faraam armor, 
  does n't work like that , the mattress sits lower than the frame . 
  so is apocalypse now . 
  hungary stronk . 
  / r/lewronggeneration, 
  contact cleaner , then let it dry for a day . 
  should work fine . 
  my kb survived two spills so far . 
  when it 's about hitler or stalin it really is n't . 
  soviets did n't exactly rid the world of tyranny , they just replaced one with their own . 
  why conflate the person with their every decision ? 
  can you not absolutely condemn them because some of their decisions did n't end up with millions of people dying ? 
  do n't mind these russians , they 're just invading neighbouring countries . 
  norway is the real concern , they kill 500 whales each year !, 
  they do n't even do an ultrasound before killing them . 
  prior to guns there were crossbows . 
   being stronger means you can pull more weight on a bow , allowing you to shoot accurately from a farther distance and removing yourself from immediate threat . 
  is n't applicable .
