  endotoxins are released when the bacterium dies . 
  not all pathogenic bacteria have exo - and endotoxins though . 
  i once saw a black man on the subway so i can agree . 
  i 'm guessing you have n't seen cod4 promod . 
  it had the biggest competitive scene of all cods . 
  sadly it died ... activision 's business model does n't favor esport . 
  shape is weird , the fur at the base is just really badly done . 
  lighting is off , the penis seems out of place cause of bad shadows . 
  the whole thing looks flat . 
  you would still wear pants outside . 
  sure it is . 
  azir ca n't solo it with enough cdr . 
  not at all . 
  that would be broken . 
  no they are n't . 
  for starters he drew 9 wristbones . 
  the grid . 
  a digital frontier . 
  i tried to picture clusters of information as they moved through the computer . 
  what did they look like ? 
  ships ? 
  motorcycles ? 
  were the circuits like freeways ? 
  i kept dreaming of a world i thought i 'd never see . 
  and then one day . 
  i got in . 
  nah , i only drink good stuff , smoke some weed , and rarely drink . 
  and spend some of my time working to raise awareness of the reality . 
  you think you know , but you do n't ... shit i know a lot of shit you probably do n't and i know i do n't know ... 
  i ca n't answer hypotheticals necessarily , the variables are too contrived , but in the moment you just know, 
  you do n't need thought to act , you do n't need words , your mind is a device of this world , and much like people are stuck staring at their ipads totally enraptured not moving ... you are listening to your mind as if it was you . 
  this was done intentionally by our society , those in power have a vested interested in you remaining in your mind alone . 
  you are easy to control . 
  you are in the cult of materiiality , science is your god, 
  i do n't want followers , i want leaders . 
  you must take this in , make it your own . 
  create separation between the i and me . 
  i mean seriously , you ever thinking about who you are talking to in your head ? 
  if you know anything about computers you realize they are event driven . 
  you click the mouse you get a reaction . 
  the mind is a evolutionary marvel , humans have the only unprogrammed brain in the animal kingdom , we are only born with the fear of falling and loud noises . 
  therefor we program our brains based on what our parents understood plus cultural biases . 
  think about it , what you think is attractive is nothing more than what you have been told is . 
  if you lived in another country you 'd have another standard of measurement . 
  i ca n't believe so many accept it readily , just watch reginald hunter speak about being black and loving himself a fat ass . 
  really ? 
  you and every black man are genetically inclined that way , or is it the way you get approval from the group ... be we convince ourselves they are ours, 
  the actual kool-aid is called cnn , foxnews , and every single media outlet . 
  there are only six corporations in control of hollywood , all the news channels , all the news papers ( but a few local papers that have survived ) . 
  but go ahead , think i 'm crazy , i think your crazy for believing in the official 9.11 , sandy hoook , that batman shooting , columbine , oklahoma , waco texas ... because honestly just a bit of research , a bit of discernment will lead you to the truth . 
  have a wonderful day . 
  this is older than your mom op . 
  fuck you . 
  time for custom roms . 
  ori is n't hard to play . 
  bullshit , the t-shirt designs look really shit too . 
  rito done fucked up . 
  a lot has been said , but did n't see anyone mention you can solo baron with morello/dcap and blue . 
  it will probably get patched in 4.21 . 
  yes , playing on novice can be very challenging . 
  was n't hitler vegetarian ? 
  wing that shit bro . 
  and then you would have 1000 ad zeds , rivens and talons all over the place . 
  no fucking thank you . 
  / r/misleadingthumbnails xdd, 
  kill !, 
  conquer !, 
  gray screen . 
  twice in 20 minutes , and the song is fucking terrible . 
  may be true for you in the us/uk . 
  not true where i live . 
  then it does n't help against splitpushing , which it 's intended to . 
  i do n't get it . 
  at all . 
  it 's kind of a small horse , i mean what am i missing ? 
  those are chins . 
  he 's fat . 
  cotton is usually put in when the canals are n't sealed so you should call your dentist asap . 
  yeah , when the rct is done in two sittings ( for whatever reason ) caoh2 paste is applied with a small cotton ball on top which is covered by a temporary filling . 
  if you see the cotton , that means the filling broke , so be sure to not chew on that side . 
  it 's vokun . 
  skyrim script extender ( skse ) requires skse 1.7.1 or newer, 
  fores new idles in skyrim ( fnis ) requires fnis 5.1.1 or newer, 
  skyui requires version 4.1 or newer, 
  unofficial skyrim patch plus any applicable dawnguard , dragonborn , and hearthfire unofficial patch, 
  nude body mods for females and males, 
  custom skeleton, 
  skyrim sexlab - sex animation framework, 
  some actual mods that utilize the animations from the framework . 
  you can find everything [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dqw4w9wgxcq ) after you register, 
  what kind of tea are you making ? 
  teflon ? 
  buy a new pot . 
  the person is asian , probably japanese . 
  there are 5 operations , cullen-leliana-leliana-josephine-cullen worked for me . 
  except a good azir will wait for your distortion and cancel it with e , nullifying your damage and then poking you with soldiers . 
  distortion wo n't be up 24/7 when lb is getting pushed in . 
  since that 's her only waveclear the windows she can use it offensively are pretty small . 
  at that point azir just has to angle right behind w and lb will never have the chance to go in . 
  lb is not an easy lane for azir , but it 's manageable .
