  systematic ethnic cleansing of armenians ? 
  an unfortunate event . 
  it 's disgusting how you can even believe that murdering a million people is somehow different just because you happened to be born in the country that committed it . 
  i hope turkey will enter the 21st century sometime and have laws like most european countries do against holocaust deniers like you . 
  i 'd like to remind you that turkey 's freedom index according to rsf is lower than every european country and on par with african countries . 
  also 800k is the minimum estimate . 
  1 million is still fairly conservative , considering estimations go up to 1.5 million . 
  i always underestimate how retarded people can be . 
  reported, 
  and in the end no one really gives a fuck . 
  except all the huge banks that needed bailouts after 2008 . 
  at least it prepares you for the loneliness when no one gives a fuck about you at 70 . 
  sure , you also have to raise them right . 
  i 'm not the single 30 yr old coming for social support to reddit . 
  nice insults though , about the level of 15 yr old lol players . 
  acting . 
  same as football players so the ref/riot punishment is harsher . 
  forcebuying can be a good idea . 
  and when you have to charge your macbook you just rip everything out ? 
  even apple 's own splitter only supports charging , not data transfer . 
  connecting to ethernet , hdmi is a fucking nightmare . 
  and let 's not talk about dvi or d-sub when you want to use your mac for a presentation with legacy projectors . 
  extractions are done under local anesthesia in europe . 
  npc is walking while stuck on the fence . 
  that 's just a blazer , a shirt and chinos . 
  there 's a great tool called [ championify ] ( https://github.com/dustinblackman/championify ) , which pulls champion builds from [ champion.gg ] ( http://champion.gg/ ) . 
  it also shows the correct skill order for the champion you are using . 
  the only role where almost every champion builds the same is the ranged attack carries . 
  everywhere else there 's big variations depending on the champion , the lane opponent , yours and the enemy team 's composition . 
  it also depends on whether you are ahead or behind . 
  riot is also pushing item changes right now , so far they managed to shake up the middle lane item builds completely . 
  also it 's hip to be an offended `` minority '' . 
  could be pericoronitis , meaning that the gums surrounding the tooth are inflamed . 
  buying a syringe , corsodyl and rinsing it carefully for a couple of days should help . 
  the permanent solution is extraction . 
  it 's one thing to know about the existence of such camps , and another to know what happens there . 
  the us too had concentration camps for japanese-americans . 
  not true . 
  i had a friend script for a while and he was n't banned . 
  he used a fairly popular script too . 
  2 days donation for / r/millionairemakers, 
  these are called germline mutations and can cause various genetic diseases as well as predispose to certain types of cancer . 
  one example would be how the frequency of these mutations increases with paternal age . 
  you can ctrl + drag and easily select by column . 
  like fsid3 can ? 
  my butthole is cramping, 
  it 's supposed to be a discussion . 
  not an echo chamber where everything mentioning `` men '' is downvoted . 
  odds went crazy 15 mins before the game . 
  or not . 
  this works for me . 
  it 's a fucking chicken , guy sounds like commentating the holocaust . 
  prazz1n is a cod 4 player though . 
  one less russian csgo player . 
  people just dislike her voice and casting , i do n't think anyone `` hates '' her personally . 
  was it a wisdom tooth extraction ? 
  those tend to be more complicated than teeth that have virtually no bone around them due to periodontitis . 
  using impressionable kids to push an agenda in kindergarten is exactly what i expect from vegans . 
  no , the fucked up thing is retarded vegan parents giving their kids the same shit they eat without supplementation , so they end up underdeveloped both physically and mentally . 
  my initial point was that activism in kindergarten ( and elementary school ) is unacceptable . 
  you went off topic with how eating a dead animal is fucked up , so i did too . 
  this is even worse than the jehovah 's witness kids cause you ca n't tell them to fuck off . 
  who talks about what they eat at 5 ? 
  oh right , kids of vegans . 
  nice , you managed to post the stupidest comment i have ever read . 
  you would deny my right to shitpost on reddit ? 
  yea , seen a couple like this over at / r/gore . 
  apparently there was a long cut on the inside , possibly the refugees trying to force the side open for air . 
  the immigration problem is becoming huge here , sometimes i wish the eu could do what the us does . 
  i do n't see any other solution to this problem to be honest . 
  uk and france have their fair share in the conflicts of the region . 
  what the hell was this eco ? 
  swarm just sitting waiting for the tec9 headshots . 
  let 's hope swarm can come up with some good t executes . 
  meanwhile free kegel exercise instructional stream . 
  this calms me down somehow . 
  does anybody know what the map will be ? 
  taz , give me back my skins . 
  here http://www.twitch.tv/shizor2k15, 
  `` just '' voting is brigading , and ( shadow ) bannable . 
  an arm of a 5 ' 4 '' girl is pulling yours enough so your shoulder feels it ? 
  do you have the physique of stephen hawking ? 
  after playing cs : go for a while , bf4 feels terrible . 
  netcode is still awful , aiming still lacks snappiness . 
  all they managed to do with the gun rebalance is that now everyone uses scar-h . 
  it 's just not a competitive fps . 
  that 's because you were terrible at it and formed your opinion after getting owned in one deathmatch `` omg my gun does n't shoot where i aim '' . 
  that 's normal , you have to learn spray control on all the weapons first , learn how to stop movement to have an accurate first shot , learn the angles and timings . 
  then you can start working on learning smokes and popflashes , so you can actually take a site as t against capable opponents . 
  it also has an economic aspect , which all the loadout based games lack . 
  cs has way more depth than any other fps . 
  it has a fairly steep learning curve compared to cod and bf , and no wonder it 's the biggest competitive fps right now . 
  if the learning curve is n't steep , play competitive games and see where you rank . 
  bf and cod has a lot of flashy shit , but in the end it 's all eye candy . 
  cod4 was the last competitive cod thanks to promod , and it had less depth than cs does . 
  if bf has competitive depth why is it only played by less than 100k people ? 
  cs has close to 8 million monthly uniques . 
  why does cs have tournaments watched by millions while bf has nothing . 
  simple . 
  because it 's a vastly superior tactical fps .
