  better safe than sorry . 
  spongebob first aired in ' 99 . 
  pic is from an episode aired in 2001 . 
  we need a channel for true 90 's kids !, 
  old xfire followed the client by default ( not sure about the new one ) . 
  the game exe file path changes with patches so you would have to manually set it up every patch . 
  no , they 're recommending gtx680 . 
  notice how the minimum is a gtx460 which is a 4 year old mid performance level card . 
  interesting . 
  golems is krug , blue is blue . 
  afaik on the pbe buffs spawned later , so you had to start a small camp . 
  azir is broken op learn him while you can . 
  literally unplayable . 
  0.05 ap ratio and less spammy heals . 
  did you try this on pbe ? 
  banner of command seems completely retarded . 
  w fails when you walk out of leash range just as you attack with them . 
  the only real bug is that people can still walk through ult , but it happens very rarely . 
  randuin 's still gives 70 armor and an as slow . 
  rf is n't `` better '' it 's a different item . 
  not sure what you expected . 
  5 wins straight up ? 
  ranked 5s are a different environment , soloq rating does factor in , but after 2 wins your team rating was high enough to get matched against better players . 
  treat it as a learning experience , ranked 5s are the best way to improve . 
  yes , attack move can be faster and there 's no danger of walking into the enemy team by misclick . 
  a-moving into brush is also very important . 
  you can get outplayed if the enemy puts down a ward between him and you , dl actually got outplayed like this in lcs . 
  w does n't have a cd , it 's passive . 
  i think panth is up there too , he just does n't take damage in the jungle . 
  the thread got brigaded most likely by worstof then srd . 
  the 700 gold item is already awesome for dives , you can run around with 450 + ms for really cheap . 
  also helps getting back to lane when tp is down . 
  azir does have tradeoffs . 
  his dash is conditional , it will be very short range unless you placed it before or used q. 
  if you place a soldier for escape , you sacrifice damage , same with using q. 
  it also stops when it hits a champ ( counterplay ) and has a long cd . 
  yea , that 's about as round as the curvature of the earth . 
  or you can just destroy the turret shield and start poking to your heart 's content . 
  there is counterplay from both sides . 
  yes it is . 
  if you read riot 's posts about strategic diversity you would realise why they 're adding stuff like this . 
  it 's an additional balance point . 
  up until this point poke comps were nerfed solely through nerfing champions . 
  nidalee , lux , kha'zix , the list goes on . 
  with this mechanic introduced , riot can tune the shield strength , length , ramp up etc. 
  and balance around while introducing extra strategic depth . 
  poke comps now have to go in and deal with the turret shield first , while the defending team has to protect it at all costs . 
  this provides meta dynamics that add depth to the game and frankly , if they really keep an eye on the balance , it will be awesome . 
  external urethral meatus , you missed the important part . 
  untreated rabies has a 100 % mortality rate . 
  those are always laminated . 
  multiple layers of glass with plastic between them , like windshields . 
  hec ult only fears around the point where he ends the ult . 
  he does n't fear along the whole aoe . 
  his w is capped against minions , so if you use smite towards the end , it might not heal at all , because you already reached the healing cap . 
  `` challenging smite : smite can be cast on enemy champions , marking them for 6 seconds . 
  while marked , you deal bonus true damage to them on hit , have vision of them , and reduce their damage to you by 20 % . '', 
  the tooltip is n't clear here , i was surpised myself it did n't reveal . 
  69 true damage @ 18 on hit for 6 seconds . 
  with q 's aa reset that 's considerable true damage . 
  i played irelia jungle , and her lategame was absolute beast with thise item with devourer at 90 stacks . 
  but you see , reddit is literally stormfront and it 's only white chicks upvoted because the sub must be racist . 
  you do n't , but the one you replied to does . 
  also / s, 
  `` bronze '' & # 3232 ; _ & # 3232 ;, 
  btw , lolking does n't have statistics from 4.20 patch yet , so all those are from 4.19 . 
  do n't alt + tab during the loadscreen until you get to 100 % . 
  glad to see irelia on the list , she 's actually pretty good in the new jungle . 
   some people like to rush sheen , but i 've never understood why . 
  you have no ad early , and you 're focused on farming rather than fighting , so it 's more beneficial to go for early tanky + cdr items for easier q-farming . 
  grab sheen when you 're ready to turn that glacial shroud into ibc mid-to-late game . 
  this is bad advice , getting sheen during laningphase lets nasus trade with certain champions , which you can exploit with the passive sustain and amazing all in with ult . 
  also trinity is generally the better item to buy , ibg is very situational . 
  hecarim has very poor ad scaling , running arp reds is better . 
  most high elo korean top hecarim mains run it ( cvmax , some other guy ) . 
  you need to cheese top at level 1/2 to win the lane straight up . 
  if you use your q to harass but not your autos , you wo n't draw creep aggro which is huge in early trades . 
  a good lvl 1 will set you up for the lvl2 all in with e from bush . 
  one was made by couple of guys with little funding , the other was made by a successful multimillion dollar company as a direct competitor with features aimed at drawing players away from the other . 
  not really , q/e will do more damage with arp , while autoattacks will do more dmg with flat ad . 
  since hec should be using q anyway to not draw creep aggro , arp comes out on top . 
  it also scales better and better as you level up and level your skills . 
  tests done against intermediate irelia bot with 38-40-42 armor at the appropriate levels . 
  it 's 12 arp vs. 8.5 ad with ms quints with doran 's blade ( standard start for hec top ) . 
  38 was just the armor that irelia bot had starting with doran 's shield . 
  doran 's ring , boots , morello , deathcap , void staff , zhonya , + item of preference . 
  you can also buy a haunting guise during midgame if you need the hp , but you 'll probably have to sell it later since lyandri is n't a great item . 
  azir can surprise people with his burst , but it 's rare that he can 100-0 mobile enemies that are n't bad . 
  he does excel in team fights and he can solo baron without taking dmg ( bug ) . 
  his weakness is that if his ult is down he can get run over really easily if you do n't manage your cooldowns well enough . 
  which means it 's completely worthless now . 
  ranger 's and stalker 's will be the only viable items now . 
  all because of ww ... 
  vi is pretty good in the new jungle , ranger 's makes her feel very similar to the old jungle . 
  maxing w second is mandatory now imo . 
  she does need a couple potions early if you want to gank at full hp but she can clear well to rush 6 too . 
  best way to train this is to queue up in normals and play stupid aggressive . 
  you will learn a lot about matchups , powerspikes and how/when to get kills . 
  exotoxins are n't really bacterial waste . 
  they 're produced and secreted as they are somehow beneficial to the bacteria .
