  by the way most have really cool names but they are referred by their titles more often . 
  like ashe has the title `` frost archer '' , traxex is `` drow ranger '' . 
  titles are more descriptive at a glance and give you a better idea about a hero faster . 
  i have a smurf and i got to the same elo range ( high plat ) as my main with 1 runepage and 20 champions . 
  only 90s kids get this maymay, 
  it looks to me like the top of the head is cut off . 
  that qualifies as dead for a lot of animals . 
  sulcus just means groove in latin and there are tons of them all over your body . 
  varicocele is not just pain , there are visible symptoms of the dilated blood vessels . 
  do a google search and it will be pretty clear how it looks . 
  strike , crash , toujane are the gods of cod maps . 
  that subtle chin movement is freaking me out . 
  inbreeding has the nasty effect of causing genetic disorders to emerge . 
  just because people used to do it , does n't mean it 's something good . 
  what ? 
  gon na need a source on that . 
  cancelling a crit on a minion guarantees the next crit even on champions . 
  on consoles maybe , on pc the best weapons were the ak47 , the ak74u and the m40a3 . 
   radiation is toxins that cause the body to attack itself and that is cancer, 
  gr8 b8 m8, 
  pff , get out with your technology you plebeian . 
  camera obscura is where it 's at . 
  links to the full piece :, 
  adviceanimals is the biggest shithole on reddit , doge is more / r/supershibe and / r/dogecoin, 
  60 game chat restriction, 
  this really triangulated my position, 
  it 's u-235 not 238 that 's fissile . 
  weapons grade uranium is 90 % + u-235 . 
  a crane . 
   vacuum noises when backing, 
  kek , can not unhear, 
  my dick, 
  technically , p\u00e1linka is a solution . 
  it 's really not a complicated process though . 
  you just take the wax model and set it in some kind of heat resistant material , burn it so the wax evaporates , then fill up the hole with molten metal ( optional high pressure/centrifuge etc ) . 
  break of the plaster and polish the product . 
  rust is iron oxide , iron reacts with oxygen in presence of water . 
  silver for example is much less reactive , but it still reacts with hydrogen-sulfide and becomes black . 
  also http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/galvanic_corrosion, 
  thanks op , whenever i want to feel like a retarded 14 yr old i 'll know what to do . 
  in shampoos http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/selenium_disulfide, 
  hydrogen-sulfide is also present in some thermal waters . 
  it 's not done anymore afaik , but yes . 
  we have pretty good epilepsy medication now , so it is n't needed and pretty barbaric . 
  the m16 has higher rate of fire and muzzle velocity while being only a bit less controllable . 
  so kids , faggots and autists, 
  qop of pain, 
  where 's the european pitchfork ? 
  did n't happen . 
  sugar is a drug ... topkek m8, 
  sniping with slugs is just dirty right now . 
  and then you could light that sweet kush when you noscope dem skrubz for that mlg feel . 
  you wan na start a fite m9 ? 
  it 's a spoiler tag . 
  this is hilarious , does n't he know that the internet does n't work that way . 
  i liked the combat system of the first one , probably because i played the shit out of oblivion and was bored of the mindless button mashing . 
  probably less since they are out on holiday and not in classrooms on their phones shitposting on reddit . 
  there 's no need for jokes , latrina literally means toilet in latin . 
  that 's the point of it , you have to pay attention to the timing at first . 
  after a while you get the hang of the rhythm and it comes naturally . 
  i thought it was great . 
  what does that have to do with picking scabs ? 
  that does n't make the bacteria methicillin resistant and also rarely means infection . 
  he is n't even in dragonforce anymore . 
  so all league champions are the same blood type ? 
  interesting . 
  he failed the qte after bringing him down , rookie mistake . 
  nsfw http://talesof4chan.org/2013/06/03/skull-from-catacombs/, 
  he got a pretty strong buff and qol changes to the speed of his q before becoming strong . 
  the rework was pretty weak at first . 
  except when people flinch right when they pull the trigger . 
  they just end up shooting their faces off , and giving a lot of work for surgeons . 
  this is why reddit/internet is great . 
  there 's always `` that '' guy . 
  criticism and racism are pretty different things . 
  you can take out jets with aas pretty well , you just got ta learn how much you have to lead them . 
  try dota2 , read the epic strategy of ursa + wisp roshan . 
  do it , come out lvl4 when everyone else is lvl1 . 
  if you are stupid enough to store your money in an online exchange , you kinda deserve it . 
  after watching your video i clicked on the witcher 3 trailer and just realized that the voice of the king is charles dance . 
  overworking the video card ? 
  with lol ? 
  i just did quick test and there 's no substantial difference in gpu usage between capped and uncapped fps , and i have a gtx 570 , not the latest of cards . 
  you should n't , run it uncapped if you can . 
  you get the most smoothness and least lag . 
  not chinese you fucking shitstain . 
  go fap to some weird tentacle shit you little bitch . 
  that 's cheap as fuck , in europe it 's close to $ 7 where i live . 
  you could just turn up digital vibrance/saturation in the driver instead of asking riot to do shit for you . 
  lifesteal shield + riven e ? 
  yes please . 
  i 'm a neon strike guy , but i 'll take it . 
  that 's why you get both ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  / r/montageparodies, 
  i 'm pretty sure they said black shadow . 
  shadows tend to be black you know !, 
  try being agile with 50 pounds of armor, 
  you just have a really fucked up ear . 
  can you download games from uplay ? 
  at least origin does that so it 's not just a completely worthless drm .
