  you are nothing to me but just another target . 
  i will make you beg to akatosh as i bend you over like a common whelp , mark my words , on my oath as the dovahkiin . 
  you think you can come into my mind through this magic device and insult me ? 
  think again , scum . 
  as we speak i have every assassin and thief across all of tamriel looking for your initial position so you better prepare for the storm atronach , you draugr . 
  the storm atronach that wipes out the pathetic little husk you call your life . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can kill you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with my dragon shouts !, 
  not only am i extensively trained in archery and horseback riding , but i have access to the entire congregation of the thieves guild , dark brotherhood , mages college , and untold hordes of daedric warriors , and i will use every one of them to banish you to the plane of oblivion . 
  if only you could have had the clairvoyance to see what divine retribution your little `` clever '' runes were about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your tongue you dark skin . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn idiot . 
  i will become the embodiment of mehrunes dagon , and open a portal to oblivion the likes of which you have never seen . 
  you 're fucking dead , milk-drinker . 
  you can get custom keyboards you know . 
  / r/rage this 'll help you then i guess, 
  the word you 're looking for is `` married to '' . 
  play doter , free heroes , free skins . 
  riot 's treatment of new players is despicable . 
  no , you lazy bums got paid more than what you actaully produced causing huge amounts of debt and your country went down the shitter . 
  damn , he looks worse than my dad nad he 's almost 60 . 
  it sucks if you have the upper body strength of a 3 year old . 
  otherwise it 's perfect . 
  because you sound fucking condescending . 
  it could be a smurf ? 
  duo with a low ranked account that is actually a high ranked player . 
  nothing illegal there . 
  he has two dashes , and botrk as a core item . 
  the slows are unnecessary . 
  gragas top is a huge pain in the ass , case in point is the slapped on slow on his q. 
  why ? 
  he already has a cc dash and ult . 
  and let 's not even mention the non existent mana costs . 
  reminds me of [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=szypomtttju ), 
  trynd gets 35 % crit for free from minute one . 
  do n't see anyone bitching about that . 
  free armor pen , that only works after ulting and only applies to bonus armor . 
  anyone who hasnt bought armor is completely unaffected . 
  listing abilities is always pointless . 
  trynd has a slow with ad reduction , a heal that passively grants ad , long range damaging gapcloser that actually becomes spammable as you crit . 
  and i have n't even mentioned 5 seconds of invincibility also filling your fury bar . 
  yasuo 's mobility is limited to the creepline . 
  otherwise he 's as unmobile as malzahar . 
  yasuo was overtuned when he was released , but he 's balanced now , people need to learn to deal with him just as you deal with ticking time bombs like akali , riven , katarina , fizz . 
  you 're convicted for being a faggot . 
  ah yes , le funny image . 
  you seem to have dropped [ this ] ( http://www.stetson.com/images/productfull/47391-32/windowpane-linen-fedora.jpg ) m ` sir . 
  this is a pasta from a cringpics thread from yesterday . 
  she 's just complaining about the sun . 
  if you 're a pigeon maybe . 
  it 's an air gun . 
  but this thread is full of humongous retards going on about gun safety when it 's really not relevant here . 
  calling a design bad because it is n't ment for said retards is retarded . 
  `` reddit is a 1998 product , trying to have a 1998 business model , '' said gina bianchini , chief executive of ** mightybell ** , a social networking start-up . 
  `` how big is the market for interest-based advertising when the biggest customers are moving to programmatic buying ? '', 
  and that 's how you put a relevant ad in a tnyt article ? 
  base ezreal is also really annoying , he 's basically shouting every autoattack . 
  drives me crazy . 
  here 's the thing . 
  you said a `` jackdaw is a crow . '', 
  is it in the same family ? 
  yes . 
  no one 's arguing that . 
  as someone who is a scientist who studies crows , i am telling you , specifically , in science , no one calls jackdaws crows . 
  if you want to be `` specific '' like you said , then you should n't either . 
  they 're not the same thing . 
  if you 're saying `` crow family '' you 're referring to the taxonomic grouping of corvidae , which includes things from nutcrackers to blue jays to ravens . 
  so your reasoning for calling a jackdaw a crow is because random people `` call the black ones crows ? '', 
  let 's get grackles and blackbirds in there , then , too . 
  also , calling someone a human or an ape ? 
  it 's not one or the other , that 's not how taxonomy works . 
  they 're both . 
  a jackdaw is a jackdaw and a member of the crow family . 
  but that 's not what you said . 
  you said a jackdaw is a crow , which is not true unless you 're okay with calling all members of the crow family crows , which means you 'd call blue jays , ravens , and other birds crows , too . 
  which you said you do n't . 
  it 's okay to just admit you 're wrong , you know ? 
  maybe the woman should be thinking about that before assaulting a person and not after getting knocked the fuck out and then come up with twisted excuses . 
  so i recently spent some time in bronze on a smurf and i 'm actually impressed , people are a lot better than i thought . 
  generally ads can cs decent but they fall behind later in the game considerably . 
  also attack moving could be a lot better . 
  the main problem i noticed is that most people do n't play aggressively , a good way to train this is to go in normals and just go ham every time . 
  you can really push your advantage if you 're aggressive . 
  as you 're a support , ward and initiate dragon . 
  communicate in chat and get it if mid/jungle/anyone on bot is dead . 
  be sure to put up defensive wards if you try on low health . 
  that mid ahri getting a quadra wo n't help you . 
  if your carry is competent , protect him . 
  it 's hard to deal with a malphite and rengar jumping on you alone . 
  games tend to drag out in bronze because people have no idea what to do after lanephase if the advantage is not big enough . 
  this part can be tricky as i could n't lead my team effectively either most of the time . 
  warding , getting picks off of them and then using the numbers advantage is your best bet . 
  i was n't talking about `` slapping '' , but you went there so i 'm gon na tackle it . 
  how about do n't fucking slap people ? 
  anyway lat 's talk laws here :, 
  * anyone who defends himself , others or property can not be punished for their actions if they are aimed to defend from an unlawful attack, 
  * the person assaulted does n't have to run from the attack, 
  * anyone who exceeds with their defense out of fright or sudden surge of emotion can not be punished for it, 
  * anyone who uses a tool for self defense can not be punished for that , if it is n't able to kill anyone , but only if the defending did everything possible to avoid hurting the attacker with it before, 
  this is from my country 's criminal law . 
  http://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/601/ ? 
  reminds me of a rocket launch .
