  / r/tumblrinaction, 
  our car had these safety locks , so the doors in the back could n't be opened from the inside . 
  watch this video so you better understand / r/nofap . 
  porn addiction is n't a good thing . 
  i 'm only assuming one thing , and that is that you 're an idiot . 
  chav is n't an acronym though . 
  that owl 's name ? 
  albert einstein . 
  another reason for building bt first is that you can take down towers faster with it , than with botrk . 
  if you mouseover that option it explains that it 's for recovering your old windows 7 backup files you may have made earlier . 
  it also has the option to backup because making a different menu just for that would be pretty redundant . 
   it also has the option to backup because making a different menu just for that would be pretty redundant . 
  read please . 
  hover your mouse over the icon and again , read . 
  so now i 'm stupid because you ca n't comprehend a two sentence comment and get all mad about it . 
  the irony ... 
  you ca n't breathe in alpha particles only the material that emits them . 
  it 's not horrible to go aggressive with soraka , you can just zone from lvl1 with q spam . 
  and quinn , she can 100-0 most squishies with 1 combo and roams like no other . 
  alpha particles are ions , not molecules that are traveling at great speeds . 
  a helium atom is not charged and has way less momentum . 
  let 's say the radiating material is right in front of your open mouth . 
  even if you inhale , right as one alpha particle is formed , it gets absorbed in the air before reaching the back of your throat . 
  well the point op was making is that breathing in alpha particles can cause lung cancer . 
  since you ca n't actually breathe them in they ca n't cause said cancer . 
  horrible flossing technique , she does n't have enough control of the strand and can just end up worse by hurting the gums than never flossing at all . 
  interdental brushes are easier to use and are more effective at cleaning between teeth . 
  when somebody says `` 10 years ago '', 
  i think of the first time this was posted, 
  it 's not a bad gamble , they are already losing . 
  i do n't think shaving is too much to ask . 
  you can support your favourite teams and lol esports as a whole by buying team icons in the shop . 
  trinity is core on hecarim , especially after the ms change and cost reduction . 
  dodging the fish is hard - noone, 
  using alcoholic listerine for prolonged periods increases the risk of oral cancer . 
  do n't use corsodyl daily either . 
  use it if the dentist told you to , but not as an everyday mouthwash , chlorhexidine has some uncomfortable side effects . 
  non-alcoholic listerine is ok to use on a daily basis . 
  they do this with live children , that makes it ok ... 
  it 's ok on vayne cause with q you can proc it every 2 seconds and helps with kiting and chasing . 
  personally i prefer phantom dancer since it scales better with w and ie for lategame . 
  you do n't play much vayne i presume . 
  she used to have some hard lanes before all the other ads were nerfed and botrk was n't in the game . 
  then there 's the fact that as vayne you can 1v1 pretty much every other adc , extending your lead even more when the supports start roaming . 
  what did you expect , they are fishes . 
  caitlyn is a joke lane for vayne , you can dodge qs and then if she decides to harrass she will be open for a gank and will lose cs just like you . 
  lulu also relies on a skillshot for harrass which is easy to dodge with vayne q once again . 
  once the harrass pushes the lane you can easily lashit under turret too . 
  the power of vayne 's ultimate does n't go away if the stealth portion is negated . 
  the ad and ms boost is what 's really powerful early . 
  caitlyn is also bad at 1v1 since she lacks steroids , even if she 's up 1 item , vayne can easily kill her with only botrk . 
  autoattacking someone pushes the lane and even then you can have supports like sona and nami who can just heal vayne up . 
  caitlyn has 0 lategame compared to vayne which is why caitlyn is a risky pick . 
  if you do n't win lane hard , then you 're boned and the lanes are ultimately decided by mid and jungle anyway . 
  i 'm comfortable with firstpicking vayne right now and my winrate proves me right . 
  caitlyn is picked in pro play for her lane and towerpushing capabilities . 
  attacking a champion will push a lane since the minions will aggro you and the enemy minions are not under attack during this , which makes the lane push . 
  just try it . 
  that 's why i main ad and jungle , best of both worlds . 
  there 's no war in iran , unless the us brings it there . 
  iran 's economy is also hurt by the embargo for the alleged nuclear weapon development so your comparison is even more stupid . 
  did you know the us spies on people who use these services ? 
  besides you can still use these with proxies . 
  history is written by the victors . 
  history book are n't exactly the pinnacle of literature though . 
  that feel when the tip of your dick touches the cervix ... mmmmmmmmmmm, 
  either telenor or t-mobile for your phone , upc for internet and otp as a bank . 
  i 'm an atheist medic born in the 90s , thanks for the gold !, 
  that tasted purple ... 
  my anatomy textbook from 1975 describes it like in the article ... not such a mystery after all . 
  this subreddit needs better moderation or it will go down the shitter even more . 
  crying on the internet wo n't change riot 's strategies and plans , sorry . 
  championship riven was given to everyone who attended the s2 finals and was also available in the shop for a limited time . 
  earlygame hecarim 's e has a very long cooldown and he is n't tanky at all without the right items . 
  lee beats him early , but falls off later while heca becomes a monster in lategame . 
  in a straight up 1v1 he gets screwed by most duelist junglers like udyr/shyv etc, 
  i like going ancient golem and trinity on him , this gives a good balance of tankiness and damage while giving more much needed mana . 
  you can , just play in the morning or after midnight . 
  wow , his jimmies are really rustled . 
  what ? 
  no , trynd will just smack nasus around with crits and zone him . 
  nasus needs to be in melee range to sustain where trynd can just auto him for crits . 
  scarra always feeds when i try to watch him . 
  the dota shop is the slowest thing on the world , it 's impossible to browse like league 's . 
  3-4 mb/s dl , it 's more than enough . 
  riot thinks olaf was toxic in his old form in teamfights . 
  right now i see him as a monster in 1v1 with insane splitpushing power . 
  he 's been shifted from an unkillable tank to an assassin type champion without a gapcloser . 
  the 570 is also better than the 660, 
  i did n't find zed hard at all , i only bought him recently and started playing him in ranked right away . 
  the only practice i had on him was from back when he was free to play after release . 
  teamfighting with him requires some finesse , but laning him is really easy . 
  how would bombing the shit out of them help the situation ? 
  slugs are the best . 
  [ lizard wizard ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vpsikbf1iia ), 
  a gynecologist would n't ask anything from a boy . 
  their glaring weakness was picking shit champions . 
  some guides have specific sections for matchups , those can help a ton , but nothing can replace practice . 
  playing a few times as the champions you face often is also a good way to realize what their weaknesses are . 
  tenacity upgrade meaning spirit of the ancient golem or merc threads ?
