  you could just move the chat window in a spot where you ca n't see it . 
  obviously , but raging is way worse than not knowing timers . 
  logged in just to literally this . 
  league is a great game , but it has problems that would be very easy to fix ignored . 
  i already own a next-gen platform , it 's called pc . 
  well fuck , i experienced something like this on a train , only i 'm male and i was 14 at the time . 
  welcome to the club . 
  reinstall punkbuster and upgrade it , you can find the files over at evenbalance.com , at least this is how it could be fixed for cod4 . 
  you could also try repairing the game from origin . 
  press a and click . 
  great work op , only problem i see here is that you paired 230 v with a us socket which is known to cause spontaneous human combustion . 
  liquid dhmo reacts with water in the process called autodissociation , making it acidic and basic at the same time , do n't try this at home kids . 
  who gives a shit about lore if you have a fun champion . 
  aatrox is fucking generic and has none of the traits that were in his lore , like inspiring and buffing allies . 
  if you decide to clean up be very careful , cats are known to be the carriers of [ toxoplasmosis ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/toxoplasmosis ) . 
  no one gives a fuck . 
  the word `` gamebreaking '' is n't defined in dictionaries so arguing about it is just pointless since it only comes down to personal opinion how you interpret it . 
  this is true in bronze/silver , but the higher you go , the more people start maining roles and if you do n't do the same it 's very hard to climb . 
  if it 's an nvidia card , the texture artifacts are caused by the drivers , downgrading them to 314.17 and before solves the problem . 
  i do n't know who she is , but i miss her soooo much !, 
  he 's also toxic , he blamed an mf all game yesterday when he picked support volibear . 
  he also called plat/gold people bad setting a bad example for the bronze and silver guys watching him . 
  i 'm high gold and i certainly suck , but it 's about showing respect to fellow players . 
  i 'm sure most guys who watch trick are bronze/silver looking for a way to carry themselves out of `` elo hell '' , and would get demolished by any plat/gold . 
  if they see him behaving like this , it just spawns more toxicity in an already toxic environment . 
  f for fire d for dash . 
  checkmate atheists . 
  this is correct , i got my name already . 
  you probably do n't do it right . 
  a toplaner buying a stacking item does n't change anything , the rest of the team can still 4v4 , while you ocassionally kill singed . 
  `` change ... is good . '', 
  if you 're in a ranked game , and look yourself up [ here ] ( http://quickfind.kassad.in/ ) , you can get an estimate of your mmr from the average mmr of your team . 
  look yourself up here while you 're in a game . 
  the number shown is the average mmr of your team , but you could get an idea what your true mmr is after a few games . 
  for you to be able to get the promotion to plat , it should be around 1850 . 
  the w aoe actually does more damage early , since the max hps are generally low , and ranged w increases your damage by a significant amount . 
  how was the old riven not sexualized ? 
  she had the biggest sack tits ever , eyeliner is perfectly fine . 
  it 's not spellvamp . 
  ^ i 'm ^ disabled, 
  chaox performed way better in s2 than doublelift , he was the ad of the team that won every major na tournament for almost a year , so he has a point . 
  doublelift on the other hand thinks he 's the 2nd best ad in the world but was constantly beaten by tsm last season . 
  why is it okay for dlift to claim he 's any good when nothing backs him up compared to chaox . 
  dota 2 has 10 bans with less heroes and it works , though the alternating ban/pick method does prevent banning out everything . 
  spectral wraith only gives 40 ap , wota has been nerfed too much , that makes gunblade the best spellvamp item , though it 's very expensive . 
  highly unlikely they got `` crushed '' , since that would mean clg had dragon control leading to snowballing from global gold , winning the game . 
  the fact that no one takes dlift seriously because of his ego is also quite funny . 
  in the end results back up chaox on this one . 
  this entirely irrelevant as gunblade is still the best spellvamp item . 
  define effective , it 's more cost efficient but less slot efficient . 
  gunblade is a higher tier item and when you have a ton of gold , it 's the item to buy . 
  how can it be factual , when the guy did n't even bother to look up facts . 
  low cd shield . 
  you can just read the status message you know . 
  though in dota you do n't use skills often since mana is very limiting , compared to that a riven player would have a really high apm . 
  junglers rather , they actually have a global effect and can make better decisions . 
  my accuracy is 18.1 % , i should drop out of university and go pro . 
  cause the bf3 one has 10 times the amount of subscribers, 
  yeah , i 'm based . 
  hardly 9 models , only thing changing is his hands and hair . 
  we could say that was `` le gem '' . 
  yeah because the germans had so much fuel , they could just drive miles with people in `` gas-vans '' . 
  what 's the point of doing that , when they could just not give food and be done with it the more cost effective way . 
  these myths were just used to vilify to germans for some reason . 
  do you know how pathetic that sounds ? 
  better call the internet police cause you disagree with someone or you 're butthurt because some people rightfully rage at what that idiot cop did . 
  if you would n't take everything you read on the internet seriously you would n't get so worked up on shit like this . 
  you seem to like throwing around derogative terms about people 's age , showing that you 're not at all mature yourself . 
  get out of your mom 's basement and get a job instead of wasting your time reporting mean kids to the internet police . 
  you can get 100 + accuracy with buckshot too . 
  you just got ta hit multiple people with the spread . 
  i 've been drinking unpasteurized milk for years now , it 's not an uncommon thing in non urban europe . 
  at least hungary got left out of the whole ordeal , even though we have some blood on our hands from wwii . 
  booze . 
  be sure to check out budapest before/after if you have the time , it 's quite nice this time of the year . 
  you have no power here !, 
  this is a common misconception . 
  lol is n't easy to get into at all and dota is only a bit harder , due to more complex mechanics . 
  the burden of learning what 100 + champions and items do is still there . 
  that 's why you got ta pwn dem nabz in cqb with bolt action . 
  ads and crouching makes you silent right ? 
  that 's how it worked in mw ... 
  fort minor - remember the name, 
  knife party - rage valley, 
  example - perfect replacement, 
  sound remedy - liberation, 
  seven lions - below us ( smooth remix ), 
  woody - star glider, 
  rudimental - waiting all night feat . 
  afrojack & shermanology - ca n't stop me ( matrix & futurebound vocal mix ), 
  shockline - robot love, 
  feint & boyinaband - time bomb ( feat . 
  cs does n't have jets , helis , tanks etc. 
  you only need aim , gun and map knowledge . 
  you 're not just not accurate , you 're entirely wrong . 
  if you have 0 facts about lol why even comment , it just strengthens the anti lol circlejerk here . 
  you did n't understand his post though , he was n't referring to how you have to unlock champions , he was saying how the champion pool of competitive lol is restricted , which is n't true at all . 
  in the summer lcs over 60 champions have been used , of which 40 have been picked/banned more than 10 times . 
  he 's also wrong saying that most tournaments are funded by riot . 
  this is only somewhat true in this season and only in na/eu , due to riot 's decision to monopolize lcs , so they have complete control over it .
