  she had ridiculously harsh physiotherapy though . 
  if rene builds botrk , he can gain quite a few minutes where he can still 1v1 shyv . 
  good luck landing nevermove , when i have a 0.5 s cd dash . 
  heimerdinger only has skillshots , and you have a wall . 
  you can also shield the autos from the turrets , which lets you destroy them with q. 
  it 's an easy matchup for yasuo . 
  you watch when and where the laners come from , and if they lost mana . 
  you can get a pretty good idea unless they are just baiting . 
  that wo n't happen in soloq though . 
  so basically soraka . 
  less risk , who has less risk than the longest normal ability skillshot champion with heals , ms boost and spammable dash ? 
  i do n't think botrk is bad , your empowered w procs it 3 times , and it gives you chase potential , something that renekton really lacks . 
  it 's not suboptimal by any means , it 's just situational and in the situation against shyv , it 's actually optimal . 
  rene still has sustain , which ryze lacks . 
  in the end , it 's a skill matchup , heavily influenced by the jungler in favor of renekton . 
  i played it as renekton , i went brutalizer , since i ran armpen runes , then built spirit visage and mercs . 
  at this point i could safely 1v1 , but never kill him due to the ult ms and w. i got a botrk , so i could actually chase him down and outfarmed him by 50 cs in the end . 
  higher does n't mean better , a lot of pro and high level fps players prefer lower settings for the accuracy . 
  no it does n't , it only affects speed , your mouse never loses accuracy , the speed is just scaled down either by the driver or in the mouse . 
  it would be true if both moved the same distance on the monitor , but the 5700 dpi will move a lot faster , so you do n't gain any precision . 
  the best setting you can get is 1-to-1 with your preferred mouse speed , since any software scaling will make the pointer less accurate . 
  evidently not , bjergsen does n't , and most pros i knew in cod4 did n't either . 
  800 dpi was really the most common . 
  leona 's first clear is n't that bad , she starts to suffer later , when the creeps start to have a lot of hp . 
  pantheon is n't any faster , maybe you ran shit runes and masteries . 
  real junglers ? 
  her clear is better than j4s for example , are you saying he is n't a real jungler ? 
  she 's decent , not the fastest , but you do n't lose a lot of hp either . 
  later she really starts to struggle tho . 
  if you actually played leo more than once you would know her e is also aoe . 
  i was talking about the first clear , later panth will scale , while leo - even if built ap - not so much . 
  your jungler counterganks , since he can easily sneak up on the lane . 
  no , that 's albinism . 
  do you have a favourite champion ? 
  that 's how i chose what role to main back when i was leveling . 
  out of those three , rune wars . 
  he still has the strongest ganks pre6 , his clear is n't great early , but he definitely is n't weak . 
  winning dominion 1-0 feels too damn good . 
  same for me except i also used windows me for a short while . 
  i really liked vista compared to xp , it was pretty stable and easier to use . 
  do n't force him to support then ? 
  good thing no one asked you then . 
  except if ryze dies just once , jax will snowball him really hard, 
  ed helms in the hangover, 
  why are you so fucking salty ? 
  not trynd , he can just facetank rumble , bop him then spin off into the sunset . 
  animals do n't use clocks . 
  just use the internet and message on viber or fb or whatever . 
  same with pictures . 
  cyka, 
  fidesz is n't nationalistic , you must be thinking about jobbik . 
  the comparison to russia is the most retarded thing i ever heard , especially in light of recent events . 
  melee autoattackers do n't really work in urf , you 'll get dumpstered by casters . 
  who does n't lift up the fucking seat when pissing ? 
  is that a pasta ? 
  except when it 's a guy ... on the streets ... ordering a kebab ... while i 'm eating my pasta . 
  both work exactly the same , one just takes up the whole screen while the other does n't . 
  italy you fucking fool , a hamplanet like yourself should know a little bit about foods after spending the whole day munching like your lardass whore mother . 
  yea , new rengar is awful to play . 
  the days with extra lubrication . 
  pedestrians have right of way on crosswalks in my country . 
  most crosswalks do n't have traffic lights either . 
  feral flare still stacks on large monster kills . 
  yeah , his wording was really awkward , and i wrote my answer after just a glance . 
  would you travel to france and not drink wine or cognac ? 
  scotland and no whisky ? 
  refraining from alcohol in every day life is understandable , but complete abstinence is stupid . 
  u wot m8 , europeans may be skinnier than amerifats , but average height is pretty much the same, 
  it does work like that for me #rekton, 
  i noticed it and it was really annoying , after reading on the wiki it made sense , i just thought the prop was shitty . 
  there are no sphincters in capillaries . 
  proceeds spending 3 hours in character creation, 
  precapillary sphincters are parts of metarterioles , not capillaries . 
  capillaries only consist of a layer of endothelial cells , no smooth muscle . 
  you should drink it instead of putting it in your vagina . 
  correct , only priests with high enough piety can be promoted if there 's an empty seat in the college of cardinals . 
  fucking this , i stopped playing league for a while now because of the d5 0 lp bullshit , i fear the day i have to play again to stop decay, 
  it 's more like your body was being an asshole , there are some really fucked up root canal configurations , even some that are impossible to treat . 
  mirin ' my aesthetics ? 
  do you detect alcohol in ripe fruit and juices ? 
  and you ca n't use shit like condoms or the pill . 
  even if there 's wifi on public transportation , it 's slow as fuck . 
  never understood the appeal of the us numbering system against fdi . 
  you yanks just have to use different measurements everywhere . 
   the article forgot to mention that with 45 % of the votes fidesz won 60 % of the seats, 
  45 % is still a lot considering the opposition is really fragmented and they barely got a few regional delegates . 
  the same results in the uk would 've resulted in 95 % fidesz parliament . 
  do the math yourself , if there are only regional elections , the result is a 90.5 % fidesz victory . 
  6m jews , there were n't even 20m jews in europe at the time . 
  that 's just one enzyme out of the hundreds that are in your saliva . 
  there are proteolytic enzymes present , although in a really low concentration . 
  euw is ridiculously toxic , i pretty much stopped playing ranked altogether . 
  mass effect, 
  others = white walkers = / = wights, 
  and that 's why we need voip in league . 
  scrawny motherfuckers would listen to my manly calls . 
  encephalon = brain, 
  you should read up on this then ... 
  we might as well kill ourselves because we 're going to die anyway . 
  yea , you misspelt it .
