  iceborn gauntlet would make her pretty decent , but it needs a change for manaless champions . 
  wasting 1000 gold on 500 mana is stupid . 
  on the other hand , she could build botrk for the slowing active and double proc qs . 
  yep , very sad , i do think though that botrk is very good on her , the active is perfect for shy , it procs twice with q , zephyr for as , warmog for survivability . 
  sounds pretty beast , i 'm gon na try this build sometime tomorrow . 
  copy/paste it from the lobby chat, 
  does anyone know which remix of baba o'riley was played before the finals ? 
  except hecarim without masteries gets really low in jungle , anyone can easily kill him and steal all his shit . 
  singed can be all in 'd with say riven very early without extra armor, 
  no chance , their jungle would be useless and lanes would be just shat on due to massive differences in summoners , armor/mr/dmg / ap . 
  ap ezreal is op , i do n't see how anyone could fail with him :d, 
  warmog 's is just a manifestation of a bigger problem , mainly the s3 changes in itemization . 
  resistance nerfs and penetration changes made armor/mr obsolete , so it 's not warmogs that 's op , it 's everything else that 's up . 
  so m5 kda averages are higher than any of the kdas the players have . 
  intredasting . 
  even the player kdas are off , it 's supposed to be ( k+a ) / d, 
  vi is a fucking beast in jungle , do n't lane her , her ganking is insane pre six and just broken after 6 . 
  q has 900 effective range on max load , she counters the warmog 's meta while synergising with it at the same time . 
  her e applies the passive of the spirit of the ancient golem ( aoe true dmg burn ) , need i say more ? 
  she has good catching power but bad sticking power , that 's why you get a botrk or a frozen mallet . 
  both insane on her , due to w passive and character passive respectively . 
  this build lacks damage , realistically , vi will rarely pop her w with only aas , so as is a waste , if she does , then there 's no need for more as , cdr is the way to go with armpen  bc . 
  q into 1 aa into e is how you burst . 
  with bc + spirit of the elder lizard and rank5 q , it has about 4-5 secs cd . 
  if the enemy stacks hp get a botrk for insane hp shred . 
  as improves 1 skill , while cdr improves q/e and the ult somewhat . 
  edit : i also tend to not upgrade to wriggle 's , and build botrk or bt from scepter , then sell madred 's in later stages . 
  who jungles as fast as her , with 2 hard ccs and a potential 100-0 burst in a gank ? 
  that 's right , thanks , i just passed my anatomy exam and i 'm not exactly sober . 
  if you 're an md , you pretty much have to . 
  why do n't you build nashor 's tooth instead of morellonomicon , gives the same cdr 10 less ap , but 50 % as . 
  fix 'd, 
  nashor 's will get cheaper next patch , so you should really consider it . 
  also it builds from stinger , which already has 10 % cdr . 
  but he 's from the uk, 
  positioning with kata takes a lot of skill , knowing when to go roam to get that double kill bot takes a lot of skill , winning lanephase against certain champions with kata takes a lot of skill . 
  she 's not actually that easy to play , but when she snowballs she does seem easymode , the problem is getting there . 
  i hate people like you , jump on the enemy right when he dcs , ghost if he streams . 
  poppy 's swords reporting in !, 
  i just lost a game in bo5 , it showed up as a `` loss prevented '' in the history , still counts as a loss . 
  i wrote to riot support about this , still waiting for the answer . 
  will post here if i get anything useful , not just the usual support garbage . 
  play vi , she clears extremely fast and ganks like a beast especially after 6 . 
  build : machete  brutalizer  warmog  black cleaver  spirit of the elder lizard  finish with desired defensive items, 
  season 2 ended about half a year ago , that 's a lot of time to improve . 
  fizz can fuck up swain pretty hard though . 
  there 's a way to change this skin back to the normal blitz skin right ? 
  like a custom skin ? 
  and every ap item was re-buffed last patch , cap now gives 30 % increase , zhonya/dfg give 120 ap , and with armguard , aps got a huge buff against ad casters earlygame . 
  jayce top, 
  well , it 's hard to blame myself , when i get 4v5s . 
  still , i got goldv and stopped giving any fuck . 
  most league players have this misconception that only ranged ads and aps who build glass cannon should be carries . 
  why ca n't melee bruisers be soft carries ? 
  if i do well with vi , and gank like a god , i have every right to carry a game until mid game at least . 
  but then , garen does n't really have a gapcloser . 
  he 's problematic because he gets too tanky with his w. 
  what 's liandry 's ?? 
  so you built an item , that counters health stacking without resistances against cho , and you won . 
  how is that in any way unbalanced ? 
  * poppy 's swords ( s ), 
  * lulu 's legends ( g ), 
  * renekton 's sharks ( g ), 
  * nocturne 's destroyers ( s ), 
  * akali 's assassins ( p ), 
  * jayce 's constellation ( p ), 
  * vladimir 's curse ( g ), 
  while charging , vi is immune to crowd control and will knock aside enemies in her way , dealing 75 % damage to them . 
  also after vi finished charging she gets pulled back to skarner . 
  pretty much normal behaviour . 
  zhonya 's is actually aghanim 's . 
  so they patented an rna sequence , which is `` a classic product of nature '' . 
  i would n't be surprised if most of the masteries did n't work . 
  has anyone ever tested those % damage reductions/increases , cause riot sure as hell did n't . 
  vi would like to have a word with you . 
  so making people happy and less stressed is worse than shooting up civilians . 
  cod had a pro scene , notice how they 're using controllers in this video . 
  do not have sexual relations with a man as one does with binders full of women . 
  hl3 confirmed, 
  * god , you damn fundie, 
  you 're a virgin because you 're a nice guy enlightened by your own intellect , not because of any phony god . 
  it 's the state of mind i 'm in because of my own intellect . 
  op is faggot, 
  upvote pls for visibility, 
  as a swedish fedora enthusiast , i concur . 
  short for `` replay of league '', 
  he is close , athene actively encouraged people to make smurfs for his referral . 
  he should 've been reduced to 4800 right when zac was released , but with all the bugs going on i think riot is occupied with other things right now . 
  just to make clear everyone gets different lp values based on their mmr etc. 
  got riot graves and full metal rammus on euw , thank you man i love youuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu, 
  getting to 0 lp is the warning that you 're about to get demoted . 
  on it, 
  this is a bad idea , there 's a reason why cleanse does n't work on suppresses . 
  getting hardcountered through a summoner spell destroys champions , see how skarner is worthless now with his ult `` fixed '' and everyone taking flash . 
  if you get matched with them , it means your mmr is around the same so you must be just as bad . 
  if you want to play without trolls play ranked teams , it 's a lot more fun and you get to prove yourself against diamond and plat players , i even had a game \u00e9vere one guy was challenger . 
  play him mid , problem solved . 
  he gets 75 % cc reduction with his ult . 
  reduction applies before penetration . 
  he probably gets both time and win based boosts , and plays against intermediate bots , not beginners .
