  going ancient golem and tabi makes you tankier in the earlygame , then if you snowball you can pick up trinity or iceborn . 
  i also run armpen reds as these scale the best into lategame , where hecarim becomes a monster . 
  against heavy ad teams gauntlet is a good choice , but with spirit visage , locket and ancient golem you 're already at max cdr . 
  while locket depends on the support , spirit visage is pretty much core since the healing amplification is too good to pass up . 
  i 'd only consider skipping sv if everyone on the enemy team is ad . 
  that item is just that good . 
  not much free ms if you max phoenix , elise can just rappel first , then cocoon as udyr is running away , easier to land it that way, 
  genetic modification, 
  i got first in gun master . 
  not because of any phony god 's blessing . 
  but because , i 'm enlightened by my intelligence . 
  good thing people do n't downvote here based on opinions . 
  it is though , most plat people on my friendlist played one champion to climb . 
  why does the lore make vi look like a bitch ? 
  the people who wrote jinx 's lore do n't understand vi 's personality , she would never be so serious about this . 
  she would beat this girl to a pulp and throw her into the fields of justice . 
  should 've shot them for trespassing . 
  ` murica, 
  abortion is legal in a lot of countries , and this fetus was dead to begin with . 
  while osu !, 
  definitely helps , it does n't help as much if you do n't have consistent 1-to-1 mouse sensitivity across osu ! , lol and the desktop . 
  getting a decent mouse and [ removing acceleration ] ( http://donewmouseaccel.blogspot.hu/2010/03/markc-windows-7-mouse-acceleration-fix.html ) is an easy way to improve mechanics . 
   i got banned for leaving my team . 
  because of previous leaves . 
  so what is your problem exactly ? 
  the effect of systemic fluoride intake is mostly pre eruptive , while topical is post eruptive unless you swallow the toothpaste which can lead to fluorosis due to the high concentration of fluoride in it . 
  it is n't , topical fluoride wo n't do anything to pre eruptive teeth , systemic on the other hand will . 
  i have the same problem with jinx 's lore that people had with jayce 's before it got changed . 
  it made viktor seem weak and i have the same feeling right now about vi . 
  also she 's not the kind of person who would sit around waiting in front of a building all day . 
  on the other hand how could i report an eloboosted account, 
  league of snowball is n't fun to watch ... 
  i played against one , but did n't take a screenshot . 
  would this lolking suffice ? 
  with the 16-0 cassiopeia record, 
  max q for the lower cooldown , and just take blues . 
  you will be able to q every ~ 5 seconds and stick to targets like crazy . 
  maxing e is advised for beginners who tend to miss qs , but never max w. i suggest trying out maxing q once you got the hang of it . 
  maxing q answers the problem you had with sticking to targets . 
  being marginally faster in the jungle is n't worth it since vi already clears insanely fast , and if you want to counterjungle a low cooldown q is once again better when you have to get away . 
  wrong answer , he is viable easily since most people are n't used to playing against him . 
  i have a friend who recently got diamond playing only fiddle mid . 
  i main vi at gold i with a 70 % winrate over 65 games and i like to run 21/9 for the earlygame power as well as being able to stay relevant damagewise in lategame with tanky items . 
  i run somewhat unorthodox runes ; ad quints , 3 as and 6 armpen reds with the usual armor yellows and mr/level blues . 
  fiddle is a very good ganker with ult which makes him a good roamer . 
  mid allows him to get to lvl 6 faster and get more gold than in the jungle . 
  he 's good at diving bot and taking dragon afterwards . 
  then in the later stages of the game he 's a teamfighting monster . 
  he definitely has drawbacks , but so does every other champion in some regard . 
  this is why questions like is x & y viable make no sense especially in soloqueue where every champion is viable if you can play them right . 
  build defensive items . 
  tabi and chain vest shut riven down hard and you can just turn the chain vest into a sunfire later . 
  i tested a good amount of runepages for vi a while back and this provided the fastest clear if i remember right . 
  ad quints are also more efficient than reds , while armpen reds are more efficient than quints , so it 's logical to run these two . 
  as is just personal preference , i think 5 % as has greater impact than ~ 4 armpen . 
  smartcast wards for wardjumps , dumbcast them for vision . 
  and you sound like a fucking carebear , ignorance does n't mean racism . 
  can you switch up the times you play ? 
  maybe you wo n't get matched with trolls early in the morning etc. 
  on your triforce nasus point , that was the build i used to win one of my promo games to plat yesterday going legendary , it works . 
  although it 's a team game , you can win by yourself if you splitpush , especially in silver . 
  you 'll need to win your lane with certain champions , ward the enemy jungle , then take towers without getting caught . 
  not getting caught is essential in lower elos since your team wo n't use the advantage you create when multiple people are chasing you . 
  anyone who has good escapes , 1v1 and tower damage , so fizz and zed are the best , ahri is very good 1v1 but her mobility is tied to her kill potential and she ca n't take turrets fast . 
  i was 1-4 at one point in the game and down around 60 cs against renekton , i did buy a giant 's belt before finishing trinity from phage and sheen though . 
  in my experience lower ranked people are very likely to go and chase the splitpusher which is good for your team even if they do n't take objectives ( like they should ) but just farm . 
  also you can run teleport on some champions like kassadin , lissandra etc , but kass is banned in silver a lot afaik and winning lane without ignite is quite hard . 
  calm the fuck down , i only said that the build works , i did n't say rush trinity every game as nasus . 
  i felt the op was implying it 's a ` troll ' build , i did n't agree with that so i used a recent experience of mine to back that statement . 
  do they work on other servers like na/eu ? 
  he definitely has been putin some practice in . 
  and euw is down right now : /, 
  29 euw, 
  thanks man , got both !, 
  wtf some mod is deleting all the new threads, 
  no , the battlepack rds is much better than the stock one . 
  it 's not worth 100 $ for the base + premium though . 
  all of this could 've been added to bf3 in a major update . 
  this is the reason why dota and lol are and will be much more succesful . 
  i do n't have performance problems , but i just ca n't justify spending 100 $ on a game that 's barely more than an arcade mode dlc . 
  levolution is a joke so that leaves commander mode which could be added to bf3 easily . 
  the way she 's cutting , not likely . 
  cancer according to webmd . 
  its a bad matchup for rene , his aoe pushes the lane which is good for nasus since he can easily lasthit under tower and sustain back up . 
  after lvl6 nasus can just all-in whenever he has ult up due to all the free stats he gets . 
  renekton has very long cooldowns and inbetween those , wither cripples his autos . 
  work towards gold , there 's no real difference between silver 1 and 2 in rewards, 
  renekton ca n't fight nasus that ulted unless he 's really really ahead . 
  since nasus is very hard to push out of lane , this should never happen . 
  even if it does , nasus has teleport specifically to counteract this . 
  nasus gets free lifesteal , as slow , armor pen , % hp damage and ad . 
  this makes it very hard to itemize against him . 
  the point is to nerf her , be happy she gets something at least , and will not be completely dumpstered . 
  of course current ahri is better , that 's the point of a nerf . 
  she is played for her catch potential with charm , which does n't change . 
  nasus gets ad from his ult in addition to health and magic damage . 
  in my experience , if i get a doran 's shield , renekton has no chance fighting me when i have ult . 
  without ult nasus gets beaten by rene , but everytime nasus has ult he can force engagememts , while rene ca n't chase nasus down . 
  implying i did n't do all that, 
  why would they , that splash looks amazing,
