  he has one of the strongest lvl2 all ins . 
  was n't the koreans . 
  it was tabe . 
  shyv does n't have a silence ... 
  well it 's weekend and the servers have n't crapped out so there is hope . 
  no , even a guy who shot his face off with a shotgun in an attempted suicide would n't die from blood loss . 
  haha loox like yur dum, 
  yasuo crits for 180 % , so with ie it 's 225 % . 
  he is n't right , if you 're really ahead , you can zone the enemy laner a lot harder if you do n't take the tower . 
  this is essential against nasus for example . 
  if you take the tower he will freefarm , and if you push , you will be an easy gank . 
  her low manacost q with huge dmg was broken , that 's why . 
  malz is seeing a lot more play now . 
  liandry and w just melts tanks . 
  everyone builds spirit visage so your no mr theory fails right there . 
  there 's the fact that burst mages merely tickle these 4000-5000 hp monsters . 
  you have n't played yasuo yet . 
  he 's the best champion since lee . 
  actually yasuo is a very good design . 
  unlike trynd/yi he has to work in 1v1 situations and he has better teamfighting . 
  he 's very low range unless there are minions to dash to . 
  he 's a character with clear strengths and weaknesses , and a very coherent kit . 
  the fact that he 's well designed lore wise is only icing on the cake . 
  it 's the correct pronunciation though . 
  no it is n't . 
  i had a really close game too, 
  ziggs is definitely among the harder to play champs . 
  did n't know lol was a pve game . 
  this , thresh does this exceptionally well . 
  just go ham on leona at level one and you 're safe . 
  what lanes does shyvana just not outright win , what is the best champion to pick against her ? 
  i played her a couple of times in ranked and she feels like the queen of toplane right now . 
  incredibly strong from lvl1 to lategame . 
  how violent can you get through facebook ... please . 
  you seem to be mixing the iris and the lens . 
  the contraction of the iris is done by the sphincter pupillae muscles and dilated by the dilatator pupillae muscles . 
  the lens is the one that has one type of muscle , the ciliary muscles and these are the ones that allow you to focus on objects at different distances ( accomodation ) . 
  it 's called the tensor tympani muscle . 
  i played that matchup , it all came down to me dodging cocoon with the ms from w and i could win the trade . 
  sector and area are alright . 
  your friend is a dumb person . 
  maybe he 's allergic to everything that 's called a nut , does n't matter what it is , you 're being an idiot here . 
  your mouth has even more bacteria ... 
  antibiotics are against bacterial infections ( though some have antifungal/antiprotozoal properties ) . 
  54 knots, 
  facebook is killing itself with their stupid updates for android . 
  the amount of permissions their apps ask for is ridiculous . 
  get res and filter that shit out . 
  that 's what i did . 
  i have a feeling you have n't really played him . 
  not every gastric ulcer is caused by h. pylori . 
  separate design and manufacture , as long as computers ca n't directly build everything , it 's safe . 
  i 've been playing dead space , this sounds awfully familiar ... 
  as someone who played a fair bit of yasuo , neither . 
  bt is a better choice for damage and lifesteal . 
  cdr is n't as effective on yasuo . 
  the q cd already caps out from shiv , zerks and levels . 
  the extra ms could be nice but there are other items i would choose over zephyr . 
  botrk is a highly situational item in some toplane matchups . 
  and then you go back to practice an hour and be like : where did all my skin go ? 
  well , not exactly . 
  the veins from the lower 2/3rds of the rectum do n't go directly to the liver so it ca n't start cleansing it right away , while as the blood from the stomach for example goes right to the liver and gets filtered . 
  did you lose because they were toxic or did they start raging because you were losing ? 
  did they stop raging because you came back ? 
  riot is deliberately vague , when they say `` toxic players lose more games '' . 
  raging in my experience does n't lose as many games as people going afk , refusing to group and listening to the rest of the team . 
  i 'd take a rager all day over someone who goes afk or feeds . 
  only the numbers displayed are rounded , every damage is calculated with the non-rounded numbers . 
  thanks !, 
  creep ! \\ ^ \\ ^ ^, 
  `` controller '' therein lies your problem , as a cod4 promod player it was n't difficult at all . 
  but you did in fact just link the comment you replied to to one of those shitty subs . 
  it 's a fucking leak , what source could it have ? 
  people working at riot wo n't risk their jobs so they can provide proof to some idiot on reddit . 
  i remember how everyone thought gun templar was fake and he turned out to be lucian months later . 
  yes he will definitely provide proof after he broke the nda ... 
  the e nerf is huge , it means it no longer gets amplified by dfg and it will do less damage cause champions have more armor innately . 
  she will have problems with assassinating people . 
  jinx is one of the few ads viable cause of her huge range , cc , ult and passive . 
  lucian works cause he can snowball bot and use that advantage to be ahead of everyone in the game . 
  sivir is pretty much an ult bot and cait is good at pushing towers . 
  armor is too cheap right now , adcs just ca n't get ahead of the curve unless they get really fed , that 's why draven has a high winrate right now . 
  the other ads that work are jinx/sivir/lucian , cause they can get away with not building as and getting the `` legolas '' build ( bt , lw ) . 
  i know that but it 's also irrelevant for several reasons . 
  eve does n't max e so the damage difference will be negligible in the earlygame but it will be quite noticeable late , when you also have some ap . 
  then every champion will have more armor than mr from basestats in the majority of a game . 
  same here , 130 + on the loadscreen . 
  targons would 've been great but it was nerfed a little too hard , i would 've liked if both 2-1-2 and 1-1-1-2 was viable . 
  you could 've just posted the video instead of 10 shitty captioned images . 
  hate to break it to you , but that 's a bot . 
  clamping was removed in this patch . 
  akali q harass can completely zone kass pre6 . 
  she is n't , definitely expect some nerfs in the near future . 
  and ? 
  what 's your point , elise was nerfed several times last year . 
  that 's not what balanced means at all . 
  elise and vi are s-tier champions and will get nerfed , that 's how riot works . 
  elise does n't need any damage items besides sorcs shoes , she does respectable damage all game with a full tank build . 
  check out nightblue3 , he 's a very good elise player . 
  what is your fucking problem ?
