  cait can just auto sivir to death , no need for abilities . 
  i have n't in fact downvoted you , but you missed the point where cait outranges sivir by 150 units , and has the headshot passive enabling her to literally auto sivir to death every time she goes for a cs . 
  lower ranked players generally do n't know how to trade so they ca n't use cait to her full potential . 
  it does crash and the store is very sluggish . 
  * imagine you got a part of a skin by playing normal . 
  joke 's on you faggot , broccoli is an excellent source of indole-3-carbinol , a chemical which boosts dna repair in cells and appears to block the growth of cancer cells . 
  you can pick vi pretty much always , she 's very safe and versatile with good utility . 
  as for ganking , if they burned flash swing around for another gank , that should turn into a guaranteed kill if you land q. 
  another post already explained skill order and basic build . 
  i just wan na add that you can start with dorans blade with lifesteal runes , then get another blade and build trinity . 
  this is a risky build but it can really pay off . 
  run 21-9 masteries for maximum earlygame power . 
  / r/gaming has been the biggest shithole of circlejerk since the dawns of time , that just happens with default subs where the moderation is shitty . 
  infested ? 
  it 's still a circlejerk , just the topic changed from ps4 to pc . 
  but you have to pay for that , while riot streams events free in hd quality on azubu , youtube and twitch . 
  yeah , he 's a dick . 
  i did n't take the screenshot , that 's just the one available online . 
  i was talking about the in-game spectate , you got ta buy tournament passes for that . 
  it is n't if you take the time to read the thread . 
  it was n't and you can still do it . 
  get 3-5 stacks , ult , preload q , generate ferocity , jump , use preloaded q , q and then get 5 fero and use q again . 
  * penile, 
  rip in peace 5 ap, 
  rengar support is beast , i have played him before the patch when i had to support in ranked . 
  lee is still very strong , he can counterjungle most junglers while providing good utility and decent cleartime . 
  the other spirit items are much better . 
  they give guaranteed 10 gold per big creep and 40 gold on kill or assist . 
  sotag does n't give gold for kills and assists , it 's good for camping , but the enemy jungle can use that time to steal the big monsters making the item useless . 
  with the vision changes , camping is also less effective . 
  elder lizard is just more gold efficient and the passive got buffed , while sotag only got a nerf . 
  how ? 
  buying tons of wards and placing them requires zero skill , how are trinkets any worse than sightstone or oracles ? 
  the nerfs and the fact that spirit visage is pretty op right now fucked rumble over big time . 
  most popular toplaners can just pick up some sustain and a spectral cowl to completely wreck rumble . 
  actually vayne has a good chance to survive rango , get a randuin and as he jumps use the active and botrk active on him , condemn and q away . 
  at this point he has zero chance of closing the gap , while the randuin helps you survive his burst if you ca n't do the combo fast enough . 
  the key is to be really fast , so you need to focus . 
  as someone who plays rengar , vayne is the most annoying adc to try and delete . 
  he 's high skillcap , situational and loses to the popular toplaners right now . 
  if you want an ap top , kennen is a much better choice , he has comparable teamfighting , but also bullies melee champs in lane . 
  trist can jump away from blitz q cause of animation buffering . 
  riven excels in 1v1 and smaller skirmishes . 
  in teamfights she gets boned , unless her flash is up . 
  on the other hand , talon has a longer range gapcloser and does n't have to use his main damage ability to gapclose . 
  you state that this is n't a riven qq post , yet you compare two champions with entirely different kits and roles in the game and therefore you draw the wrong conclusions . 
  talon also has design problems , as he is a single target assassin with huge aoe and no counterplay due to the silence mechanic . 
  it was n't the quinn pick that lost the game , it was the fact that you snowballed the right lane with vi . 
  if you gank and kill someone 6 times , it really does n't matter what champion he 's playing . 
  mana is n't a gating mechanic in lol anymore sadly . 
  i like the dota approach much more , where you actually have to think what skills to use and when . 
  blitz is the only one with decent manacosts , i was thinking more along the line of the recent tendency of lowering manacosts on everything . 
  this is why nasus is a monster right now . 
  before the buffs he ran out of mana fairly quickly from spamming q. 
  now he can spam q forever and will only run out of mana if he uses his w and e carelessly . 
  will just get killed by the top jax/shyvana/riven when he tries to splitpush . 
  and i got flamed when i said it 's gon na be 975 . rito ples, 
  syndra was bugged , her e did double damage . 
  with the fix her winrate plummeted and her pickrate will soon follow . 
  riven is already bad in teamfights . 
  srs is leaking, 
  you 're a bit of a cunt , are n't ya ' mate . 
  not everyone is from north america . 
  why are you crusading against using a word when you are n't even aware that it has multiple uses and meanings in different countries . 
  seems to me like you need to check your american privilege . 
  there are no readily available plant-based sources for cobalamin . 
  very obscure and not readily available . 
  i 'm sure if i popped down to the supermarket i would n't find specific algae anyhwere . 
  then there 's the fact that the source of b12 is still bacteria in all cases and not the plant itself . 
  that 's not true though at all . 
  but she does n't have any escapes , so once the enemy assassin starts snowballing she gets butchered . 
  they never said that about kayle though . 
  we do have b12 producing bacteria in our colons , but the section that can absorb it ( ileum ) lies upstream to it . 
  do you like qop ? 
  complaining about shitposting is also shitposting ... so meta, 
  either the song or the title of the song got stuck on theoddone 's stream . 
  you show them your sexy neckbeard ? 
  it 's also harmful to the gingiva , since it pops down with too much force between the teeth and can cause irreparable damage . 
  omg what did he say ?? 
  we ca n't force people to live . 
  anuscoin to the moon !, 
  it 's all about the sexy man-pose in bf . 
  this must be a us thing . 
  hell , most of my finals are verbal anyway ... 
  youmuu 's ghostblade active . 
  trynd can firstblood both teemo and nasus . 
  malphite is too mana hungry and with hydra you can just ignore him and do trades with the active , despite the as slow . 
  level 2 cheese , level 6 dive if he 's low on mana . 
  e costs a lot of mana , and trynd can push the lane so nasus has to use e to clear . 
  there is a set rate of coins that should be mined every 3 days , if it 's more than that difficulty goes up , if less it goes down . 
  it happens when people like me who play every role with the exception of support are forced to do it . 
  no need for wards , the enemy jungler is just a free double buff dispenser . 
  i just pick rengar support and firstblood all the support mains on the rare occasion i play the role . 
  his passive is fine , why are they polishing it : , 
  you can still q while jumping , so i guess that counts . 
  nerfs do n't matter , you 'll be here next month crying about rengar and mundo . 
  this already happened a couple of times with bitcoin . 
  it 's here to stay . 
  fyi these are just tooltip changes , the abilities never revealed stealth . 
  trynd is n't that weak early though .
