  lux has 54 % + winrate with 17 % playrate and 40 average games , while wukong has 53 % wr with 5 % pr and 120 average games . 
  banrates are bugged on champion.gg , thanks for proving how much you really do n't understand what you 're talking about . 
  actually banning lux would be a good idea in soloq . 
  winrate is a good indicator of champion power if you take into account the playrate and playerbase average games . 
  if you compare those two , you 'll see that wu is played by a small subset of specialized players with a lot of games under their belt , while lux already reaches high winrate among people who only have 1-5 games on her . 
  you can test it for yourself here . 
  it 's pretty hard to drop tiers since you would have to lose a full tier worth of mmr . 
  you are gold5 so you would be demoted if you played with silver5s . 
  basically gold is already guaranteed for you , so feel free to push for plat . 
  i saw you played nasus , he 's pretty strong right now and a good addition to your pool as a tank toplaner . 
   you are not told where the sniper is before he shoots at you . 
  or any other fps for that matter, 
  battlefield has scope glint , so you 're wrong there . 
  riot often ruins champions because of competitive play . 
  olaf , azir , ryze and now gp next patch . 
  i got dropped into s2 from p5 after going 4-6 , now i 'm back in p5 . 
  you already did it once , that should give you confidence you can do it again . 
  the first rend windup is longer , consequent ones are much faster . 
  that would be philip . 
  have you tried interdental brushes ? 
  i 'd say they 're easier to use especially if you have a retainer . 
  they look like miniature glass cleaning brushes . 
  the ones with small handles are perfectly usable too . 
  that 's pseudomembranous colitis , uc is an autoimmune disease . 
  verily , there is nothing so hideous as the monsters , so contrary to nature , known as witchers for they are the offspring of foul sorcery and devilry . 
  they are rogues without virtue , conscience or scruple , true diabolic creations , fit only for killing . 
  there is no place amidst honest men for such as they . 
  so why did trundle play like a bitch . 
  they 're not my friends . 
  well the logic here is that true damage is never reduced . 
  why would this happen , nvidia being shady for some reason ? 
  could be the bandai namco vip code . 
  try tongue, 
  but, 
  hole, 
  they would use their current icon if it was an ad, 
  `` the fencing response is a peculiar position of the arms following a concussion . 
  immediately after moderate forces have been applied to the brainstem , the forearms are held flexed or extended ( typically into the air ) for a period lasting up to several seconds after the impact . '', 
  least you could do is read the first sentence of the article , fuckstick . 
  this was n't a fencing response at all . 
  they work for the mercenary , the masketta man . 
  they kept buffing his passive ms boost for like 3 patches . 
  i do n't even know how that goes through the balance team . 
  execute order 66 . 
  cs is definitely more forgiving and dota is the same as league . 
  bruh, 
  ds has very minimal lore though , few convos and short item descriptions , you figure out the lore on your own . 
  it 's because tw3 was never as buggy as acu , and it 's not a shitty rehash of the same thing everyone got bored of 5 years ago . 
  you seem really upset about witcher . 
  just ca n't bother to argue with retards . 
  i 'm not the one posting my 15 gifs about obscure bugs from a game i do n't like in a thread that 's finally somewhat relevant to my little personal crusade against the evil polish cdpr . 
  eastern germany was pretty anti-us , and the soviets had nukes and soldiers stationed there until around 1990 . 
  good idea on the rubber bands !, 
  ( nsfwish ), 
  er is a noobtrap for people who do n't get cdr from runes . 
  you could just put the ms in runes . 
  you can max out on cdr with cd boots and sheen if you take 20 % from runes and 5 % from masteries , in fact this has been the build for a while for gp . 
  hungarians are n't slavs though . 
  i 'd say it 's a matter of wanting to see your country during it 's perceived period of glory . 
  neither of them beat gp , sure he wo n't get kills on them 1v1 , but that 's not the goal of gp in lane anyway . 
  but it 's essential when you have two armor stackers in the enemy team , top and jungle for example that wreck your team . 
  inb4 op is a doto player . 
  well , have you ever been slapped by a human heart before ? 
  you 're a little bitch . 
  i usually get an executioners calling after trinity , this helps with 1v1s , but they 're still pretty risky . 
  your best bet is jungle ganks early since he pushes like mad . 
  an underachiever not getting a job in a competitive market , blames equality . 
  you remind me of the yasuo who flamed me for being boring when i played gp against him . 
  and dentists . 
  it 's also a more expensive build as shiv items are really cheap in comparison and provide good alternatives when barrels are down . 
  ms is a good example because it 's a type iv ( t-cell mediated ) hypersensitivity reaction while sle , ra are type iii . 
  since western europe started this shit with merkel at the forefront y' all can get fucked by refugees . 
  it 's the alcohol burning on his pants , he 's just acting . 
  you can try it too , put some alcohol on your hand and light it , it wo n't burn you ( at least not right away ) . 
  did you drink all your coffees at home ? 
  i do n't think there 's a caf\u00e9 anywhere in europe or in the world where you ca n't at least get a cappuccino . 
  do n't tell me if a couple guys can throw together fully functional clients and several replay solutions , a company of 1000 employees ca n't for more than 3 years now . 
  riot is such a bloated incompetent company completely out of touch with reality and their playerbase , it really makes me wonder what the fuck they 're doing . 
  probably working on yet another jungle rework for next season to stir the shitgoulash so people think maybe this time it wo n't become the same boring 3 champ meta that always seems to happen sooner or later . 
  ranked should be way to determine solo or 5-man team skill , any kind of premade throws that off completely . 
  it 's kind of sad that riot now mixes up the original hardcore ranked community with casuals for no apparent reason . 
  most people lurk reddit so comments are not a good indicator of how many people agree with a thread , but then again neither are upvotes since they 're spoofed . 
  you just proved why we need soloq . 
  ranked should be what ranking is for , determine who is better . 
  it 's kind of how the 400m sprint and the 4x100 relay are separated at the olympics . 
  what 's the reasoning behind the crit item nerfs ? 
  adcs are really weak except for lucian who does n't even use them . 
  also destroys gangplank even more after the tf nerfs that no one wanted in 6.11 that did n't even come out yet . 
  we need two queues . 
  one pure solo and one for 2 , 3 and 5 man premades . 
  gum disease sucks . 
  its advanced form ( periodontitis ) leads to periodontal pockets and bone loss which ultimately can lead to tooth loss . 
  this chronic inflammation can lead to other systemic health problems like atherosclerosis , diabetes and preterm low weight birth in women . 
  why would n't some people know how to react ? 
  there are bound to be medically trained people using the site , and how to treat chemicals in the eye is the first thing they teach you in ophthalmology . 
   go take a gander at how many european nations require military service, 
  not sure what you 're implying , but the large majority do n't require military service, 
  being close to the ussr , or straight up being soviet satellite states is to blame for that . 
  flat ad , but planning to switch to scaling once i get the ip, 
  high plat here , on your point about stomps , 3-man groups and up are really annoying to deal with both with and against as solo .
