  also , why are you trying to prove to me that the ussr was a slightly less evil master than hitler 's germany would have been ? 
  i mean , i agree with you anyway . . 
  sure , as i said i agree with you . 
  what 's your point here , though ? 
  it sounds like you are really having a hard time to believe that the ussr did some really shitty things after defeating germany . 
  you have at least two ways to build an empire . 
  modern germany does it via trade unions . 
  nobody is forced into anything with guns , people do n't die . 
  people are content . 
  the ussr did it by force . 
  also germany * still * keeps apologising back and forth for wwii . 
   the ussr has also built up education and industry in its republics . 
  please do n't use the word `` republic '' . 
  eastern europe was occupied by force . 
  aye , this is the point where we have constructed our world views on completely different information , so any further argumentation is not useful . 
  to clarify : the events since the start of wwii are deeply ingrained in estonian culture and our collective memory ( or whatever the fancy terms are ) . 
  without exception * everyone * i know both in real life and online , including people who lived through soviet times such as my parents and grandparents , remember that time as shitty , horrible occupation that was forced on us . 
  so obviously you will not be able to convince me that it actually was quite alright . 
  and i assume the same principle applies to you when you say that eastern europe happily joined ussr and counter-arguments are mostly lies to support the expansion of nato and the power grab of us . 
  so thanks for the insight into a very different world from mine . 
  anyway , i still urge you to consider the validity of opposing viewpoints . 
  food for thought : brezhnev doctrine . 
  have a nice day !, 
   hosting foreign military - checl, 
  because we yelled loud enough after crimea that us sent their troops and obama came here and gave a `` reassuring '' speech ( which did n't really reassure anyone over here if i look at the public opinion ) ? 
  a good question is - whose interests is that in , theirs or ours . . or both ? 
  i would say probably the latter . 
  because , you know , while some people have doubts , it seems to me that most estonians are pretty happy we have the * massive army * consisting of a couple of hundred american soldiers here . 
   hosting foreign secret prisons - check, 
  here ? 
  i do n't think our country is big enough to host smth like that . . it would be all over the media . 
  have a look at the map , 
   put interests of america above their own , to show loyalty - check, 
  please clarify what you mean , this is getting interesting . 
  the better question is why do * you * think we have a puppet govt ? 
  ( also how would you define one ? ), 
  in my opinion ilves is a very intelligent person and a good president - however the president does n't have much power here anyway . 
   the firm that designed the site is at a loss and can not determine what is causing them to be flagged . 
  this sounds . . weird . 
  as in , they do n't have anyone with enough expertise to review the scan results , do a quick pentest or simply review the code they wrote ? 
  or are they saying that these are false positives ? 
  feel free to pm me if you want someone to take a quick look . 
  small wp development shop here . 
  we have `` unlimited '' or equivalent subscriptions to :, 
  it 's a core part of our development process . 
  when handling lots of sites and environments , it saves * so * much time . 
  * wpml . 
  really performance intensive though , we are considering moving to polylang instead . 
  * wp rocket cache . 
  just trying it out , looks really good so far . 
  the problem is expectations . 
  there are themes and plugins for literally everything . 
  so lately it seems lots of people expect they can build a decent site with non-trivial custom functionality but without a lot of coding knowledge - by configuring a `` premium '' theme , adding a bunch of plugins and as a last resort applying patches found from the internet . 
  that 's a perfectly fine approach for prototyping or if your client really does n't have a lot of budget , but the quality of the end result is probably rather low . 
  if you are aware of that and your client is aware of that , that 's perfectly fine in my opinion . 
  for most themeforest themes i 've seen , for $ 40 you 're getting hundreds of dollars worth of development and thousands of dollars worth of technical debt . 
  somehow many people still do n't seem to realize that . . 
  the songs are awesome . 
  as for vicky 's voice . . 
  i still ca n't figure out if i 'm just not used to it yet or if her clean vocals are actually kinda `` weak '' . 
  either way , something about them does not feel quite right . 
  maybe it just takes more time to get used to her singing . 
  but definitely check out the new songs . 
  it 's like vader has been playing the same two or three songs with minor variations on all albums from black to the blind to necropolis . 
  for some reason it does n't even bother me . 
  vader is awesome . 
  it sounds like you 've had some bad experiences . 
   if you have a design that is templated but 90 % ` there ' and it 's only ~ $ 60 my professional ( fortune 500 ) experience suggests you hire the guy who can start tweaking that ~ $ 60 theme than spending 100x the dollars on developing your own unless you plan to offer it for sale lol . 
  if you have a design that 's 90 % `` there '' , both my experience and pareto principle suggest that your `` nerd '' might have a pretty difficult time getting the last 10 % right . 
  if this is a mom-and-pop shop 's website , then it 's probably fine and this is a completely valid approach . 
  however , i have seen quite a lot of serious business websites built on top of envato themes , which usually a very bad idea in my opinion . 
  again , this depends case by case , but quite often for that $ 60 you are buying a lot of technical debt and possibly a security vulnerability . 
  these are themes , not frameworks , usually not meant to be customized much . 
  they look pretty on the outside , but not on the inside . 
  i have never seen a * quality * website with more than non-trivial functionality that 's built using an envato theme and a bunch of wpmu `` premium '' plugins , and i do n't really believe it 's possible to build one . 
  so i personally prefer the approach where we charge 100x that amount and build a high quality site for the client . 
  why ? 
  should n't that depend on the context ? 
  budget , timeframe , complexity of the site ? 
  you still did n't answer my question , 
  you are essentially telling me that i should not use the hundreds of man-hours already spent on building really comfortable admin meta boxes for the end user and instead build my own - because that 's what pro wp devs do ? 
  for the record , yes i am perfectly capable of building stuff on top of the rather clunky metabox api and i have done that multiple times - i just do n't see why i should waste my time when that 's already done for me . 
  please go ahead and enlighten me - i would really love to hear your arguments . 
  so essentially , what you are saying is that it 's better to write your own library rather than use something another developer has built ? 
  i still do n't understand why . 
  you save lots of time and get well tested code that probably runs better than whatever you build on your own , because it 's built by someone who does that as their primary job . 
  for simple cases , sure , you can write a bunch of meta boxes pretty quickly . 
  however , when it comes to stuff like relationship fields , repeaters , image uploads etc , acf saves loads of time . 
  the meta boxes are super comfortable for clients . 
  elliott 's done a great job . 
  ( btw have you seen the flexible content field ? 
  it 's super convenient in some situations that would otherwise be really time-consuming to solve ), 
  another thing is that acf has excellent support , a strong community and great documentation . 
  i would argue that by using a tool like this , you actually provide more value to your client because the vendor lock-in effect is much less of a problem . 
  it 's much easier for the next developer to debug or fix a theme that runs on acf instead of whatever custom-made undocumented stuff you write on your own . 
   its a convenience feature for people who could n't otherwise code up a few lines of php . 
  i am tempted to say that by your logic , wordpress is just a tool for people who could n't code their own cms . 
  if we go down that road , it would make more sense to use a real framework and not have to deal with wp 's clusterfuck architecture anyway ? 
   relying on a 3rd party for the things acf does is a bad idea because it does n't add any functionality to wordpress . 
  can you clarify that statement ?
