  * nobody * in eu wants a conflict and most countries are ( were ? ), 
  not fulfilling their 2 % gdp to military promise . 
  wars are a thing of the past ( or at least so we thought ) . 
  we as estonians would happily co-exist and do business with russia . 
  but unfortunately , lately we 've been called nazis and threatened - so i hope you can see where i 'm coming from . 
  your first points are correct . 
  i can only speak about the public perception of these issues - what i saw in media , on the streets , among people i know . 
  this is inherently a bit biased , but it does represent something . 
  i personally do n't know anyone who supports russia 's actions here . 
  geopolitics are complex , but if you are a country of 1.5 m people , you do n't have any say in geopolitics anyway , so in that sense it 's a bit easier . 
  join nato or live in fear of russia . 
  your second point is not correct , our `` leaders '' are not very rich . 
  ` tis a small country . 
   what has russia done besides posture against an aggressive western coup that overthrew the government in a country directly on their border ? 
  russia has been threatening us even more lately . 
  we are being called nazis , we are told that russia will `` protect the rights '' of their citizens outside of their borders , our airspace has been violated countless times in the last year . 
  casual stuff like that . 
   western superpowers , when they ( historically your enemies ), 
  historically , almost everyone has been our enemies . 
  but in the last century , our biggest enemy was definitely russia , responsible for occupying us and killing tens of thousands of civilians . 
   everyone here acts like russia is acting crazy, 
  might have something to do with invading one of its neighbors . 
   you got in to nato not because you wanted to , but mainly because nato wanted to expand, 
  apparently yes , we are somehow useful to nato . 
  however - we gained so much more from joining nato than nato gained from us . 
   finlandization is the process by which one powerful country strongly influences the policies of a smaller neighboring country, 
  this is how wikipedia defines finlandization . 
  from what i 've read , it 's got some truth to it . 
  finland did n't just say `` heyoo we are neutral here , do n't invade us . '', 
  they had to please russia just enough that there would be no need for a military conflict . 
   all the other routes lead to your country becoming a battleground . 
  lovely . 
  as i understand , you are saying that since we are a small country , we have to either learn to bend over to russia or there will be war ? 
   not really , they just do n't do anything to antagonize russia . 
  i admit that i do n't know much about that topic . 
  however , the fact that finland even had to ban anti-soviet literature makes me feel that in this case `` just do n't piss them off '' meant giving away many of their own freedoms . 
   it 's really not a hard thing to do . 
  sorry , but i can not agree with that at the moment . 
  it seems that with the current russian govt , everyone else is antagonized in order to draw attention away from internal problems . 
  it kinda feels like no matter what we do , russia is still hostile towards us . 
   you should learn to bend over to all of your big neighbors , which would be both russia and the eu, 
  that seems to be how the world works , yes . 
  however , in this case our cultural values align more closely with the eu than russia , which seems to make `` bending over '' to that side relatively painless . 
  it 's really interesting to see the opposing viewpoints here presented in a more or less polite way . 
  i personally feel that russia has been very aggressive lately and i simply could not understand people who were arguing that russia is `` defending their interests '' , but i feel like i 'm getting some insight into that now . 
  did you really just give me a link explaining the economic situation of my home country ? 
  or are you * seriously * trying to argue that life in estonia was not so bad under the soviet rule ? 
   i did n't say anything about ukraine and whether the recent incident was a coup or legitimate uprising . 
  fair enough . 
   there 's not much difference in any ( pretend ) `` democratic '' countries . 
  i 'm sorry , but what ? 
  where are you from , and have you ever been to eastern europe ? 
  of course i have no way of knowing what would have happened if we did n't join nato . 
  but in my opinion , similar scenarios to what happened in georgia or ukraine would have been realistic . 
  life seems to be a lot better in some european countries compared to others . 
  i know that correlation ! = causation but the level of corruption seems to be a relatively important factor in deciding how wealthy a country is , and also how wealthy the people are . 
   fundamentally there is no difference between the implemented systems and the propaganda used . 
  before starting to argue over complicated topics over the internets , i should probably ask what exactly you mean by the `` implemented systems '' ? 
  estonian here - why is it so hard for you guys to understand that after an invasion , mini-genocide and 50 years of shitty occupation we are still extremely suspicious of our big neighbor and will happily join a western alliance that promises to defend us . 
  there is no need to brainwash anyone . 
  i 'm pretty sure it was mostly the same for other former soviet countries . 
  back when we joined nato i remember there were quite a lot of doubts , but after the conflict in georgia i do n't think i have heard anyone complain about nato anymore . 
  and no , there 's no puppet government here , just the usual corrupt assholes , same people as always . 
  and there are no resources to suck out of here anyway . 
  oh sure they can , i 'm just saying that we do n't have a `` puppet government '' installed by anyone . 
  the most corrupt asshole here gets at least a part of his money from the taxes you guys pay , btw . 
  why so angry and what 's up with the talk of american masters , where are you getting that from ? 
  also the heavy use of sarcasm tells me you are feeling attacked for some reason . 
  chill out , i am not blaming you for stuff that happened 70 years ago . 
  i am referring to the events where soviet govt sent tens of thousands of estonians to siberia in animal wagons , largely women , children , elders etc. 
  they were sent to labor camps pretty much to starve . 
  ( should be relatively common knowledge the soviet govt did stuff like this to get rid of their opposition - no ? ), 
  the number of people who died was not massive on an international scale , but it 's a sizeable portion of estonian population , esp after wwii , and a very traumatic event in our history . 
  ( hence the use of the word `` mini '' . ), 
  from what my grandparents told me , pretty much everyone had a relative or friend sent away - it 's a small country . 
  i 'm just trying to show our point of view here . 
  however , so many people just seem to refuse to believe that a country might actually voluntarily want to join nato . 
  whatever , i do n't want to argue semantics and i should n't have used the word genocide . 
  but tens of thousands of people , incl elderly and children died because the soviet govt wanted to root out opposition . 
  lots of people considering we are a small country . 
   estonia only exists today thanks to soviet ideology of promoting cultural diversity . 
  why do you say that ? 
  we had a really good thing going on for our country in the 20s and 30s . 
  and then the soviet govt came and occupied us and killed lots of our people . 
  i 'd say that estonia only exists today thanks to the collapse of the ussr ? 
  do you know that during the occupation you would either be shot or sent to gulag if authorities found an estonian flag in your house ? 
  are you aware of the restrictions on freedom of speech during those times - you were not allowed to practice certain schools of painting , for example , and could be sent to gulag if you did . 
  what kind of cultural diversity are you talking about ? 
  why are we even having this discussion , btw ? 
  what are you trying to prove - that the ussr did n't really hurt us ? 
   but i got ta say ; good job driving up estonia 's gdp/capita by reducing the `` capita '' portion . 
  can you clarify what you are referring to ? 
  while my responses may sound somewhat naive , i 'm actually not totally stupid and do know what gdp per capita is  it 's just that commenting in this sub seems to require very careful and unambiguous wording and i 'd rather not misunderstand any jokes and bring more confusion . 
  anyway , just curious , where 'd you get the standard of living comparison from ? 
  i do n't argue that ussr 's role was crucial to destroying hitler . 
  but again , from our perspective , one shitty and murderous ruler was swapped out with another . 
  cool , thanks , was n't aware of google 's public data charts . 
  you do realize that in occupied states - at least in baltics - the deported people were not actually criminals ( i 'm referring to the two major deportation events ) ? 
  just ordinary slightly wealthier people , educated people , government employees and such . 
  also , what did the elders or children do to deserve such a fate ( their mortality rate was pretty high due to the lack of food and healthcare and shitty climate ; also 72 + hours on a train with almost no food or water , stuff like that ) .
