  sure hungary is great . 
  happy ? 
  edit : splleing, 
  oh so the israeli can be angry at us for not giving them anything anymore , whilst they never returned anything ? 
  screw you , israel . 
  the golden age is always emphasised , but when we traded slaves and the dutch-indo war ( trying to keep our colonies , modern day indonesia ) are briefly left out , because `` it are the black pages of our history '' . 
  i know russia is n't a part of the eu , but i 'd have loved a few russian swear-words . 
  the only one i know is * blyak * and it means ` fuck ' : /, 
  i do n't really know , but blurred lines is really , really popular in the netherlands . 
  singer got triple platinum !, 
  oh boy , i ca n't wait until the muricans come an try to have more explosions, 
  lol do n't believe reddit too much, 
  not that i remember . 
  i 've been here quite a but . 
  perhaps i simply ignored it . 
  i had not seen the reference of `` russian troll '' before this post , but okay . 
  wtf ? 
  obviously the no-go zones in paris from fox news . 
  the catalan people expose themselves to a constant flow as well . 
  do not act like a patron saint , because you know every form of media , every news paper is propaganda . 
  at least now , the catalan people will also hear another side of the story . 
  i 'm not saying that forcing it upon the people , but it is also not bad . 
  uploaded by `` el espa\u00f1ol '', 
  this is not a bad thing . 
  i love the catalonian and spanish people , but the catalonians need to remember that seceding is not as they will think . 
  personally i think , should catalunya become separate , this is not the time to do it . 
  catalunya will not become part of the e.u. , which i see will be the only help the new state would have , since it has no alliances at all , as a new state . 
  it 'd be 1714 all over again . 
  also , each country 's economy is staggering , so this is also not a preferred time to secede , i 'd say . 
  that fucking airport will never be completed . 
  first it would be too small upon completion and now this ... 
  well , i do n't really like western clothing either . 
  i mean , a burka is too much for me personally , but those shorts that show half your butt are too much as well , for me . 
  i mean , 14 year old girls dress like prostitutes , sometimes , and boys well , it 's not my taste of fashion , but the fashion industry is not making things better . 
  damn you , randstad !, 
  suck it , scandinavia !, 
  finally , one time we 're on top !, 
  * vaderland intensifies *, 
  ** do n't know the exact stories , yet ** when the bishop of m\u00fcnster ( germany ) , started invading groningen , he put the city under siege , bombed all day , all night ( nickname bommen berend , john 's bombs , sounds like a nice translation , i just made up ) , until the siege was eventually lifted , and ever since we celebrated ' t groningens ontzet , annually . 
  not my town , but we have a huge , and beautiful star fort , bourtange , and when the spanish came to invade the netherlands , back in that day probably republic of the seven provinces ( or something similar ) , the fort was manned by a small garrison , although few in numbers , high in spirits . 
  the spaniards offered the general in command gold , and free passage to leave . 
  the commander said : `` no ! '', 
  and the fighting and besieging began . 
  * vaderland intensifies * after holding the spaniards back for as long as the supply ran , inflicting many more casualties than receiving casualties , the fort eventually fell . 
  the bastardos rounded everyone in the casa de la ciudad ( stadshuis , city hall ) , and instead of negotiating terms , they murderd the population . 
  yeah i just got home from work . 
  sadly , vocaroo is not with video , because my message requires a little visual representation , but it 'll work !, 
  of course you can hear it !, 
  it 's got a relation to english , but i know another story about it !, 
  hit me up with your email !, 
  alright , so how do i record this ? 
  i 'll do it in all the languages i know , haha . 
  oh , wait are you both english , other wise i 'll have a short ( i promise ) yet interesting story !, 
  bulgaria , ` tis a silly place, 
  i like this . 
  immigration is good , but should be regulated . 
  laws should be efficient . 
  yes . 
  i do n't want to be rude , but the lithuanian colours are really depressing . 
  i mean , use some red , white , blue , light green or anything , you know , happy . 
  talking about subjectivity ... 
  lol, 
  it also does in french , pomme de terre , apple of the earth . 
  prague , warsaw or sopot . 
  what 's the budget ? 
  what are the options ? 
  only france or the entire union ? 
  92 % is good enough for me . 
  it 's not like australia is larger , and surrounded by water or anything , right ? 
  there are videos that explain those flags too . 
  those vehicles the greatest invention we in the western world need, 
  mate , when i was in berlin around christmas , my friend was leaving to poland with ecolines . 
  7 fucking busses to warsaw , and it was not enough . 
  everyone was rude and pushing me . 
  luckily i was the tallest so i pushed everyone away to get to the most unhelpful customer service . 
  please inform me what does accurately represent europe . 
  haha , so funny ... 
  each country has it shits . 
  incedies intouchable, 
  department of defense , 
  that dod budget difference tho, 
  what the fuck he was hot as fuck, 
  the onion and fox news . 
  the onion and fox news . 
  i love it !, 
  why the fuck would one eat romania ? 
  i speak all scandinavian languages too , i simply change the accent , because they 're all very similar , tbh . 
  lol , you will never pass bommen berend !, 
  i trim it , occasionally . 
  haha , finally !, 
  screw you , sacandinavians !, 
  rope ? 
  i was not aware that such laws exist . 
  polan can into trickster !, 
  you do n't know anything then . 
  european countries , in general , are still some of the safest places on earth . 
  do n't exaggerate . 
  can confirm , dated a galician girl . 
  she freaky , but her language is basically portuguese . 
  you 're speaking bollocks .
