yeah . 
  and our , or the belgian military history is significantly better than theirs ... 
  pff , germans for the win . 
  dried sausage !, 
  i do n't do it , but my parents and their parents still do it , but i find it bloody annoying !, 
  no , i 'll be going around christmas . 
  short ? 
  i 'm still taller than your article 's averages ... 
  do n't you fucking lie to me . 
  it also says `` our information is not complete '' . 
  they might as well have taken 20 super tall and 5 rather short people and call it finito . 
  holy fucking shit ... 
  mate , have you seen australian politicians ? 
  for me the brits also come overseas and all they do is have bachelor feasts and smoke weed whilst wearing peculiar costumes . 
  `` natural partners '' do n't you mean the lands you invaded and killed the natives ? 
  true . 
  they litter everywhere whilst there are many dustbins , they scream when talking and they get in front of the line rather than starting at the back . 
  i do n't care if you 're an old tiny lady , if you cut the queue , i 'm going to push your ass . 
  ... high does not impress me , no matter the length . 
  they are rarely friendly . 
  restaurant workers are annoying and lack quality of service , they are never on time , they do n't do as they promise and they 'll stab you in the back if it profits them . 
  almost got my father fired a few years ago ... 
  not my family , but my best friend is polish and when her mother still lived in warsaw it was pretty shit . 
  she did n't like the soviet occupation , and learning russian was one of her least favourite things . 
  -5 / 10 would not want cold war again, 
  i have some unpleasant experience with them . 
  they have let me and my family down multiple times and only care for themselves . 
  i have grown ill and tired of their disrespectful behaviour , and the government is n't really good either , in my opinion . 
  obviously economical changes for both . 
  i think ( pro ) eu citizens will be less fond of the uk and vice versa . 
  not formally via any government , but socially . 
  like racism in the us , it 's banned , but it 's common amongst the people . 
  asia , except for japan perhaps are not where my interests are . 
  i do n't care much for it , i do n't really like the chinese . 
  although i have never set foot in an asian country ( technically i did , if you use roman maps , asia minor ) i do n't really have the urge to do so . 
  but then again , i do not care too much . 
  that was in my mind when making the comment . 
  are those just called : '' [ insert activity ] course '' ? 
  and she 's right !, 
  if the uk ca n't play together , then it should leave the union . 
  if the eu is right , it 's just fair . 
  the numbers had been handed by the countries themselves , and the uk must have known that it would be a certain amount/percentage . 
  to be honest , it looks pretty cool . 
  and i 'm also surprised to see atat\u00fcrk on the building , rather than erdogan . 
  and there go our fundamental ethics and morals . 
  * oh farewell thee , for in pitiful times we part ourself from our foundation , only to seem we have a sense of valour in times of prosperity . 
  i think it depends on the topic . 
  generally it 's neutral , i 'd say , but it depends on the newspaper . 
  one small steps for poland , one greatest step for space, 
  not really , but israel is a shitty regime as well . 
  i support neither . 
  [ says the cunt who ca n't even make a cv ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/oyehkhp.gif ), 
  this is not the sub you are looking for . 
  microsoft word has many templates . 
  always make of investings in eastern poland !, 
  not really ... 
  dashcams . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  italian ? 
  haha , bene !, 
  poland , france , italy austria and germany , i love all of you !, 
  oh , i could n't see the flair due to the fact i read it through the messages , but well there are 12 provinces in the netherlands . 
  if you payed attention in geography you 'd know that the capital of groningen is groningen ... 
  there are 12 provinces ... 
  the capital of the province has the same name as the province . 
  it also confuses me though . 
  we 'll go willem van oranje i on your ass !, 
  damn straight !, 
  oh yes , apologies , i 'm a little tipsy , so my interpretation skills are not at their best , haha . 
  but still the same . 
  why we paying so much ? 
  this has to be unrealistic . 
  the netherlands is not the eu 's biggest or wealthiest economy , but we pay the second highest amount of money ? 
  source ? 
  ukip , what are you doing here ? 
  the dutch side is better though . 
  there are all the hospitals , airports , prostitutes and drugs !, 
  * i was told *, 
  ca n't trust the french with anything . 
  you show them how to raise a flag and they turn it 90 degrees ... 
  i do n't understand , because i 'm uninformed . 
  why is bad showing national coat of arms and the national flag ? 
  it 's not fat , but for me it 's a little more than necessary , i guess . 
  although , i 'm roughly the same , perhaps a little less . 
  / rekt, 
  the netherlands . 
  poland and eurozone do not go together happily . 
  poland really wants that cannabis . 
  mates , relax , get a beer and light a blunt . . oh wait . 
  mate , get back to throwing dishes to the ground and let kebab be handled by real kebab eaters . 
  abi , i swear . 
  this has best kebab in groningen !, 
  it 's a very old picture , but where the phoneplus is is now `` d\u00f6nerix '' and is amazing . 
  masallah . 
  most of them are turkish , but their kebab comes from poland , haha . 
  [ somewhere here in balikesir ] ( http://i.imgur.com/o85ddat.png?1 ) is best lahmacun . 
  lies !, 
  best kebab tent of europe is in groningen !, 
  best lahmacun is in balikesir !, 
  in every country there are greek , chinese , turkish and other themed restaurants .
