  * learn the local language if it is foreign . 
  you are a visitor . 
  you are not special so learn the local 's language . 
  * if possible , make sure to live near friends/family/acquaintances . 
  * learn about taxes , infrastructure and local opportunities . 
  this is completely fine . 
  of course , it is not preferable , but an internship is something you do , and the company is not obliged to pay you i 've had internships where i got paid , which was much better and more fun , and i had unpaid ones , which was not as fun . 
  the more you know !, 
  :-) use unox sausage if you try to make it yourself !, 
  this was , in fact , horrible . 
  do you have any credible sources to support your claim ? 
  it 's fucking delicious that 's what it is . 
  it 's pea soup , but with meat in it . 
  snert is love . 
  snert is life . 
  with the cold approaching , the national dishes i foresee are snert , stampot and hutspot . 
  what the fuck ... 
  what the fuck ... 
  no , and what i have read from the immigrants they are extremely annoying , because the food they are * given * either is n't tasty , does n't `` fit their diet '' or other bullshit . 
  pretty cool and unusual gift . 
  10/10 would fancy estonian id . 
  * scuzza me , but you see back in old napoli , that 's amore !, 
  leeuwarden and zwolle are pretty peculiar places too , in my opinion . 
  alright . 
  please make a list of how many racist politicians have been re-elected . 
  i think you will be surprised by the proportions . 
  what a lousy way to commensurate an important happening in recent history ... 
  because if you do anything towards anyone you 'll be called extreme , a racist , that you discriminate or anything else . 
  of course , most of it is bullcrap , but it also hurts their chances for re-election . 
  oh yeah because solidarity is completely the same as stimulating a country to get rid of corruption and bad laws ... 
  since albania is n't in the e.u. 
  it might be more difficult to understand . 
  french government really needs to get their shit together , to be honest . 
  oi , the dutch youth and soon to be middle aged people here have made a language which is a combo of english and dutch . 
  it sounds horrible to listen too , but a lot of people also speak english ( very ) well . 
  to be honest , it would be a nice gesture to the ukrainian people , but is see no result that brings anything to the table . 
  i do n't have a set preference . 
  well , i lied , i am actually in great favour of germany stepping up it 's military game . 
  it 's time to get back in the game , lads !, 
  but do n't attack poland , please . 
  last time that happened a lot went wrong . 
  bruh ... 
  either i 'm singing it wrong or that rhymes really poorly . 
  german dominating europe like usually . 
  depends on what you mean . 
  political ? 
  monetarily ? 
  economical ? 
  well , porosjenko dismissed his cabinet for a new election in october ( i believe ) . 
  the ukrainian government got $ 1 mld from imf ( international monetary fund ) . 
  still shrinking . 
  i read there was a predicted shrink of 6 % . 
  if you regularly message with your ukrainian friend , is n't it better to ask her ? 
  seems more informative and useful to me . 
  eesti can into nordic ? 
  i 'm sorry you ca n't choose anyone from your current government since there is n't any . 
  * berlin * paris * vienna * florence * z\u00fcrich * avignon * prague * amsterdam [ here is all the places i love and which i have visited . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/znbkrnqh.jpg ) well , actually i do n't like specific places . 
  when i like a country i just like all the places in it . 
  so for me anything goes , from what i have visited so far . 
  a list would also be too long . 
  that 's the most absurd comparison i have ever come across . 
  britain does n't really want to leave the e.u. 
  they just want more influence , i think . 
  why would there be need of a flag on it ... 
  yes . 
  we love germans , although some are still ashamed of admitting it publicly . 
  [ a full 323 metres high !, 
  that 's just ... rude , mate . 
  same computer ? 
  no wonder i found all that weird porn in the `` definitely not any weird porn '' folder !, 
  just kidding , mate !, 
  a pole is never pleased with politics , just like a german is never pleased with work 's results . 
  [ poland ? 
  space ? 
  i am glad about these results !, 
  why is this such a hot topic ? 
  * sigh * am i missing something , because i do n't know if you know that italians are very well known for producing stylish and great quality clothing for many centuries . 
  if you want any references , see their police uniform and most well known brands . 
  i also just love italians and think that it is funny how this politician responds to thos covers . 
  portugal 's economy is just on the rise ... 
  it was so sure they even stopped lending money ... 
  is that a poem or something ? 
  :-) * p.s. 
  my french is dreadful . 
  then it 's time for the other half to shine !, 
  yeah , i just like the king and queen . 
  goes back a long time . 
  ok , so if a country is in trouble we should just drop it ? 
  according to you we should just abandon all the principle on which the e.u. 
  is based like sovereignty , freedom and a good life ? 
  according to you each place that has some trouble because of poor leadership should just be left behind ? 
  you know what , piss off then . 
  assuming that you are german , because of your / u / , you are actually saying we should have never helped germany recover after ww2 . 
  clever thinking after you are living a prosperous life whilst others are in need to only care for yourself . 
  ok , so with how many europeans have you actually thoroughly discussed the subject with ? 
  15 at the most ? 
  you can say anything you want about italians , but their clothing and humour is lovely !, 
  i do n't think you know how important of a country ukraine can be in the long term . 
  does that mean the e.u.
