  with value and infinit printing capacibilty !, 
  for now my trip is accompanied only by myself . 
  i am going to ask my polish friend to join me , and perhaps some other close friends as well . 
  although i am not saddened by going alone . 
  i believe any bar man knows what ' 1 beer ' means , and if not i will have to prepare myself . 
  i know . 
  a good friend of mine is polish and from warsaw , she told me a lot about the city and also showed me the city going through it in google streetview . 
  it looks like there is a whole lot of space there , especially after wwii . 
  ca n't have anything against my neighbours !, 
  i love germany , it 's my third favourite country ( after the netherlands and austria ) , but i love them , a lot !, 
  i meant that i do not enjoy spain , and with '' ( coasts/beaches ) '' i mean that i do not enjoy those either , and come on . 
  people going to spain for the history , traditions and cultural things ? 
  please , people only to there because the weather is nice , beaches and sun , and it 's cheap . 
  i 'd rather go to greece , and i do not like greece , only its history . 
  spain just does n't attract me , especially after the spaniards i 've met . 
  now i know jumping to conclusions over millions of people while only having met 10 is wrong , but it does sketch an image . 
  < fun fact  belgium derived from the latin * belgica * which means * low lands * . 
  heard that in a documentary . 
  i am going to visit romania , do n't worry . 
  all in due time . 
  you 're not stupid , you 're just retarded . 
  just kidding , mate . 
  :p it all depends on how many weeks i 'll be gone . 
  i simply predicted 5 weeks , and it 's going to be at least 5 weeks , but nothing is set in stone yet , for the exception that i 'm going to those places after graduation . 
  i do n't know actually . 
  this is just a realistic starting plan i have . 
  heck who knows i 'll be gone for 8 weeks instead of 5 . 
  then i can add more , but nothing is set in stone , for the exception this will be my standard . 
  i will at least go to these places , who knows i 'm adding so , e in the future with more money , and maybe more time . 
  i do n't know who you mean with ` us ' . 
  i 'm not going there solely to see things , of course i 'm going to sightsee , but i 'm there to experience the cultures !, 
  that 's what it 's all about for me , cultures and meeting new people . 
  this plan is born out of visiting poland solely ... 
  i ca n't skip my homies in warsaw . 
  i was thinking of doing a tour through scandinavia in the upcoming years . 
  all i need is german beer and scandinavian women and i 'll be set for life !, 
  sorry , this plan was born out of me wanting to go to poland first , but then i decided to make a little tour through europe . 
  do n't worry , i 'll come to croatia as well . 
  this was my idea : netherlands - warsaw - krakow - vienna by bus . 
  vienna - balikesir ( turkey ) by train , and turkey - rome - paris - amsterdam by train as well . 
  i go to turkey because that 's where my family lives , plus spain ( and coasts/beaches ) do n't attract me . 
  sorry mate , spain and portugal just do n't attract me . 
  i will visit both countries one day , but for now they 're on hold , sorry . 
  well ... fuck you too . 
  it 's balikeser . 
  that 's where my turkish family lives , and a house ready for me . 
  i was thinking of early december to start , but purchase and book tickets and ho ( s ) tels in advance to avoid the extra costs . 
  i have visited berlin the last decade annually . 
  i think berlin will do fine without me for one winter , and if not , i 'll go in the summer . 
  although last summer was brutal in berlin . 
  i 've already been to bremen and berlin ( last summer even ) a lot . 
  going to bremen and berlin is a truly winter tradition for me . 
  how do you mean ? 
  i love germany !, 
  i visit berlin almost annually !, 
  well , the last 10 years in a row . 
  it 's almost a tradition !, 
  why not both ?!, 
  i do n't know , transportation will probably be a big cut , but i have financial `` support '' in poland and turkey , because france , italy and austria will be priced about the same , but i can live in my family 's home in turkey , and turkey and poland are much cheaper than the other countries . 
  only i do not fully understand the * 5 days within 10 days * part . 
  i have read the info about it , and does it mean that you can use the pass 5 days in a 10 day period ? 
  oh , that seems like a very useful pass indeed , thank you !, 
  i 'm saving that link . 
  that 's the risky thing with the bus , i guess . 
  from groningen to warsaw by bus is at least 19 hours , but only costs ~ $ 100 , but we 'll see . 
  the plan is still on the drawing board , and i 've got plenty of time to change plans . 
  i 've been to vienna , prague and paris before , but i love those places to darn much not to go to them again . 
  :d i 'm not 100 % sure about how i 'll travel , but i think a lot of by bus . 
  i was planning on doing certain parts by car . 
  from groningen to warsaw can be done relatively cheap by bus , and there are busses from warsaw to krakow , followed by a train to vienna , which i was thinking of taking a flight to izmir , which goes to my destination in turkey by bus . 
  then i was stuck , either going by plane to rome or by ferry and driving to rome , and either from rome to paris by train or plane , whatever is the cheapest at the time . 
  lastly from paris to amsterdam by train , and from amsterdam back home in the north . 
  :-) i was thinking of visiting lyon , but it does depend on my financial resources , although i have quite a budget , plus 3 years to save more . 
  i do n't know , man . 
  my polish is very bad , and i do n't know the country inside out . 
  all i know are little phrases and compliments , like 4 words for hello , how are you ? , i ( do n't ) understand , sorry , yes , no , good morning , good and actually one full sentence : `` hello beautiful lady , you have a beautiful smile , and beautiful eyes . '' . 
  i believe saint nicholas is incorrect for poland , because that was the name of the saint , and the translation for ` sinterklaas ' in dutch , or is it possible they just have the same name for both figures ? 
  source : the girl i like is polish , but my polish sucks . 
  does n't russia want to join the eu so russians have an easier time travelling ? 
  25 % is a lot though . 
  i 'm usually alone in germany/big german cities , but when i 'm walking around it 's like everybody smokes , or maybe people just do it a lot . 
  i mean after feierabend maybe . 
  i do n't visit kreuzberg that much anyway , i prefer the kurf\u00fcstendamm . 
  i only go to kreuzberg for the markets and amrit . 
  i prefer to stay around the ged\u00e4chtniskirche or wittenbergplatz and alexanderplatz . 
  i freaking love berlin . 
  that ca n't be true . 
  everywhere i go in germany 9/10 i see are smoking or about to . 
  i agree , cheese is the best . 
  best dutch / u / i have seen to date . 
  i like gouda , but i like jong belegen 48 + just more in general , and i do my groceries at albert heijn . 
  heck if i open my fridge now , i have at least 1,2 kilogram of cheese in my fridge . 
  i love cheese , it was ~ 2 kg this saturday . 
  albert heijn jong belegen 48 + above all !, 
  so it does work , you sir/madam are 100 % correct . 
  i 'd like to think of windmills , cows or tulips . 
  the [ dutch ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h8rgo4k_dd8 ) one of course !, 
  [ these are way more awesome ] ( https://www.google.nl/search?safe=active&amp;hl=en&amp;site=imghp&amp;tbm=isch&amp;source=hp&amp;biw=1436&amp;bih=688&amp;q=lederhosen&amp;oq=leder&amp;gs_l=img.3.0.0l10.956.1719.0.3049.5.5.0.0.0.0.61.279.5.5.0....0...1ac.1.25.img..0.5.277.hi28g5ft2c0 ), 
  germans are fun , in my opinion . 
  at least the ones who visit my city .
