  they 're both twats . 
  does n't make hamas any better . 
  they break truces . 
  although with all wars : * qui bono ? 
  i love switzerland , but sometimes they 're being bitches . 
  first the immigration quota which geared apart a 12 year old agreement , and now this . 
  why should we actually help them , if they do n't help us ? 
  or ca n't they form opinions or support those who they like ? 
  why are people supporting palestine ? 
  the use human shields ... 
  the use innocent men , women and children to protect the terrorists . 
  do n't get me wrong , israel is a bitch too . 
  fuck both of them . 
  no support for either one !, 
  sanctions , sanctions for everyone !, 
  as a half-turk currently in a turkey on holiday , y' all my kankas . 
  had the best holiday ever !, 
  atat\u00fcrk is the realest nigga , love him , but tayyip u a fraud . 
  do you not see how much of a strategical place ukraine provides against russia ? 
  good . 
  i hope we send them the good stuff . 
  when is ukraine going to sing a nato pact ? 
  the what ? 
  the fuck , man ? 
  how are they useful ? 
   mostly, 
  like , who the fuck genuinely supports isis ? 
  them mothafuckas chop off heads , have no respect for the fallen and just ... are barbaric . 
  well , it 's not * that * well known . 
  y' all in flanders need to come home . 
  we miss you . 
  i 'm not proud of this . 
  please , football fans are twats . 
  remember that . 
  80 year war . 
  fuck spanish empire . 
  i like you . 
  your responses are good . 
  upvotes for you !, 
  op is a cunt , post is a cunt . 
  true ` murican . 
  now , i 'm sorry , i have to go , i am going to the hospital to get treated for my arm and not get bankrupt . 
  oh , i can also walk safely across the street , knowing police is n't racist or i 'll be shot . 
  i 'm also going to enjoy the education i have that does n't cost a fortune . 
  i 'm also going to enjoy the fact that my pregnant friend does n't have to fear for her life , when u.s. soldiers will rape and beat her up , because we have authorities protect people , and punish cunts . 
  you know what , i do n't give a damn what you think of me . 
  yes we did , because there was no way we could win with a small ww1 army versus a modern and giant army . 
  we were simply saving lives . 
  why not ask the world 's mods how it is acceptable that russian soldiers are killing ukrainian soldiers , dishonouring their deaths , or that russia kills over 200 innocent people by providing stupid twats with militarily equipment . 
  how is * that * acceptable ? 
  do n't implement a stupid toll for your roads either . 
  zimbabwean currency can be worth millions though , on a good day . 
  i do n't like the u.s. that much either . 
  haha , keep believing that . 
  you did n't survive when the mongols captured all your land and eastern-europe . 
  haha , indeed when you 're begging the world for money when your economy is in shatters . 
  haha , blunt blaze it , america, 
  why this is smart : * apples are healthy * income of supermarket/individual rises * they pay more taxes * more income for the state, 
  adultery = bad laughing = good this pm is one dumbass mothafucka . 
  well ... that is ... good to know ? 
  i do n't think this is the / r / you are looking for . 
  well i would n't want to be taken hostage by people who hate me and get kicked and hit, 
  you should worry about your goddamn self , because your literally dying there . 
  do you want this to be your legacy ? 
  that calls for a goddamn minute of silence . 
  i think this r / should honour it by a special banner remembering the horrible time , and the death ( on all sides ) . 
  good riddance , i say !, 
  i do n't know how i feel about it . 
  they untreated the journalist unfairly , but it does n't change my opinion over that russia is the bad guy . 
  what the ukrainians did was just plain wrong , but i still support ukraine . 
  yes , i know ... that 's why i call for a change that all non-english content gets translated by the op into english , or at least a summary of it ... 
  are bitterballen a dish ? 
  no , they 're disgusting , and frikandellen are the best . 
  yeah , well , i do n't care what you are and what you are n't . 
  you can think whatever you think , sweety . 
  hmm , freedom . 
  let 's begin with : * free press * freedom of sexuality * freedom to protest you know , most basic freedoms . 
  yes , you are anti-west as well , when you are severely against the first world 's principles . 
  the ones that are anti-west , anti freedom , hate gays and so on . 
  it 's only beneficial , in my eyes . 
  and that 's only because it 's a german franchise . 
  politics mostly . 
  i severely dislike the russian people too , well , most of them . 
  although i ca n't hate them , because of the simple fact is that they get misinformed , and ca n't form reasonable and logical decisions . 
  i do n't have favourites , but i especially like : * germany * poland * france * austria * italy * switzerland * scandinavia ( too lazy to name them , sorry . ), 
  * liechtenstein * andorra * england i like pretty much all e.u. 
  countries , but for european countries , fuck russia . 
  and belgium , screw belgium . 
  just kidding , i do n't hate belgium , i am moderately content with them . 
  but seriously , fuck russia . 
  good job , russia . 
  you 've got the entire first world already disliking you prooortionately , and now you do this . 
  when are we westerners going to realise russia is the most utter twat country it is . 
  why , oh why are we not threatening it more aggressively . 
  oh british minister who wants to lay heavy economic sanctions , how much i love you . 
  i hate russia , i hope it 's entire economy collapses and goes back to the stone age . 
  thank you !, 
  i like this . 
  good job , op . 
  i ca n't open it .
