  swiss can remain neutral all they want , that 's ok , but they should remember that a friend to all is a friend to none . 
  i am unaware of what happened to him . 
  what did they do to him ? 
  what did he do wrong to you though ? 
  i would n't have only lost respect , but i 'd have dropped those `` friends '' right away . 
  i think the poland-lithuanian commonwealth was poland 's golden age , and that now is definitely looking up for poland . 
  well , there once was a polandball comic , which described poland 's history pretty much . 
  they quite have the right to complain , in my opinion . 
  edit : [ here is the comic . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bvigk5o.png ) it always makes me so sad . 
  :'( [ comments of comic , if you 'd like to read them . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/polandball/comments/20bm66/poland_has_it_rough/ ), 
  most of the information i got from eastern-europe was from the news . 
  then it was from parents and school , but i never learned that they were worse then us because of its history . 
  i simply was taught that i should help any country to become like ours , fair , democratic and modern . 
  no one in my surroundings had a negative attitude towards them . 
  i hope it 's clear now , because i do n't really know how to explain it ( well ) , sorry . 
  mostly governmental websites , wikipedia , news sites and herself . 
  now , i based my argument on that i was no longer neutral , but positive on the fact that i read ( credible ) sources about our history . 
  thus , i am no longer neutral . 
  i think europeans have a good way of what canadians are like . 
  but now with a new free trade treaty between eu and canada , i think the eu will become the biggest trade partner , because it is the world 's largest economy . 
  perhaps there will be new regulations for businesses . 
  canada already adopted the metric system , did n't it ? 
  canada and turkey are my only foreign lovers . 
  friesland , the netherlands, 
  canada for sure . 
  [ jan van speijk . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jan_van_speyk ) he blew himself and his ship up , rather than having to take down our flag from the belgian rebels . 
  ] ( http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/michiel_de_ruyter ) most likely our best admiral in history . 
  he was excellent in fighting off the british , french and spaniards . 
  depends on what you think is great . 
  germany can , or am i wrong ? 
  although size is also relative . 
  is austria big or small ? 
  is japan big or small ? 
  well , that 's hard to say . 
  that is n't really true though ... 
  do n't really care . 
  they have sparked to inspire all nationalist , and the peculiar frisians are thinking about wanting a referendum too , i read ... 
  no , thank you . 
  `` humanitarian aid '', 
  cool . 
  how much did you hate all the red tape * ? 
  * = red tape is a synonym for bureaucracy . 
  i do n't know any pilots , but at least this is n't filmed with a potato or vertically . 
  i 've heard some arabic in films like the kite runner , and everyday videos , but i do n't know ... 
  it does n't sound sexy to me personally . 
  german also does n't sound weird to me , but my polish friend is n't that big of a fan of the german language . 
  and i rarely hear japanese , but it just sounds funny . 
  the tones are just cute . 
  the pound is english and not scottish . 
  why would england gift them something like that for leaving ? 
  germany is still of work . 
  well , it does also depend on the voice , like in any language . 
  although , my best friend is polish , and when she speaks polish , it just sounds so sexy and sexual ... 
  i love it !, 
  if a language sounds angry , it 's any arabic language . 
  the yelling and the harsh pronunciations are n't sexy at all . 
  with some potatoes as candle light, 
  why did i have that exact same thought when reading the title . 
  oh yes . 
  that 's a new trend currently , is n't it . 
  silly scandinavians . 
  raping and pillaging , and they do it for entertainment !, 
  well , french is romantic , but italian , that 's just almost erotic . 
  the sounds of speaking/hearing italian are so ... fascinating to hear . 
  there are 3 languages i just enjoy hearing , and those are * italian * polish * french something about the pronunciations just gives me excitement and makes me feel warm . 
  you know what i 'm talking about . 
  bruh, 
  wow ... chill ... 
  haha , stop , you 're making me cry !, 
  the only invention that belgium made that contributed to humanity was french fries , also known as ** patat ** . 
  you remember they were racists and enslavers , right ? 
  aww !, 
  that 's so romantic !, 
  well , you pretty much did that . 
  well , you islanders have always been a peculiar kind . 
  first by painting their faces blue , how erotic , then playing the bagpipe , creating colonies and too much to name !, 
  a gift is a gift !, 
  volunteering is a great life experience , and mostly a good cause , but i bet you 're hiding the fact that volunteers are disturbing the economic growth of the world . 
  that 's awfully low , i think . 
  but it depends on where you 'll be residing , too . 
  yeah . 
  first tip for life : make sure to always have a stream of money , preferably several . 
  you can always ask parents to chip in a bit extra if you need it . 
  the large chain stores or brand 's official stores are always a good place , but it depends on where you will reside . 
  saturn is one chain i have seen every where . 
  better ? 
  please , no one understands you . 
  learn how to properly pronounce a `` g '' !, 
  we are basically better than belgium in every aspect ... http://www.indexmundi.com/factbook/compare/belgium.netherlands plus , your opinion of the netherlands does not matter , because we can form a government , speak our own language and foreign ones , and get the energy we need . 
  ;-) new amsterdam loves us , i think , too . 
  i do , and i am very glad about the fact , women , mostly , wo n't need to worry about getting raped . 
  true that . 
  yeah , but it has n't been eliminated yet , sadly . 
  my german teacher always says : `` the most important thing when learning another language is to make sure people understand you , but the loveliest think is to do it perfectly . '', 
  then he referred to the grammatical cases ( which are dreadfully difficult ) . 
  yeah !, 
  also when she is forced to do it by people !,
