  it makes me sad that tumblr triggered en kortpittig are making ground . 
  you ca n't have a prosperous nation with too much freedom . 
  get ya too liberal idiocy out of here and go back to / r/atheism to complain how shit religion and spirituality is so you can oppress people . 
  i met quite a lot of natives in spain that had not heard of the app yet , quite interesting , because the majority seemed to be young ~ 20 . 
   i dont know how the church is in netherlands but in greece the church is only capable to inspire the believers to kill gay people and muslims . 
  first of all , in greece , the orthodox church is the king . 
  that is quite different from the protestant we have here , or even different from catholicism . 
  i know justinian tried to prevent separation , but alas . 
   define `` proper person '' i could probably write a book on this , but to narrow it down to a buzzfeed type of way : * dresses fashionably ( suits for men / not overly tight clothes for women ) * works for the benefit of the state during the career * accepts and is accepted * and many more , but that would be too much . 
   science is the word you are looking for . 
  nope , i am not . 
  i deliberately chose my words . 
  science is merely a tool to end human suffering . 
  human suffering is manual labour . 
  that is , in my opinion , the only real goal of science . 
  science does not give us any ` guidance ' . 
  it merely states ` the facts ' . 
  however , a spiritual movement indicates what is ` righteous ' , such as helping those in need , dedicate your profession to what you believe in or go beyond your limits . 
  i do n't think one religion is ` the almighty one ' . 
  all religions have their go ( o ) d aspects . 
  having grown up in a christian/islamic world , i think i can nicely put these religions in perspective i like the way how catholics adore the saints , because the stories of the saints or meant to inspire us , i like the tranquility from taoism , the * nuchterheid * ( sobriety ? ), 
  of the protestants and some parts of islam . 
  ya know , a hijab can pretty sexy to me . 
  i 'd much rather see a woman wear a hijab than walk around as a slut under the cover of * `` freedom you oppressive man !, 
  i used to read books as a kid , but i despised it . 
  then , about 6 months ago i started to get into a great book , and then another one . 
  it has been a few years , and if i would have been reading , it would have been much better for my brain development and writing , but alas . 
  at least now i 'm getting into it . 
  :-) yeah , i 've been tuning into crashcourse , sadly philosophy is still new , but some of the recent series have me thrown completely of the show . 
  i like the school of life . 
  in a way , it 's somewhat depressing , but still good . 
  is n't that ` public universities ' ? 
  i assume those would be state universities , but i have no idea . 
  i 'll check it out !, 
  i love philosophy . 
  i like to read about it , especially the ancient greeks , it has become a recent hobby of mine . 
  however , * know thyself * , and i know i ca n't really get a similar perspective as plato or socrates . 
  philosophy is such a weird ` thing ' . 
  i know it means like ` love for wisdom ' , which i have , but the way i read their quotes and scripts ... 
  it 's just difficult to understand . 
  i think my initial problem is that i 've never read books . 
  luckily , i 'm changing that . 
  i 'm not religious myself , but i consider religion to be quite important for a society , but not the government . 
  it is a useful tool to inspire us how to live , what to aspire and our morals . 
  in my opinion neither man or woman behaves like a proper person anymore . 
  that accept everything and everyone has gotten out of control . 
  we need something to guide us . 
  it should now be economic , because i believe that is the direction what we are heading in now , but it should be spiritual . 
  sad to see churches fade away . 
  beautiful architecture . 
  no matter the circumstances , my martinitoren and aa-kerk will always stay !, 
  die leipe mocroflavour sorry , currently on mobile and traveling , so no link . 
  too much to drink ? 
  unless your liver is failing my friend , you drink more !, 
  haha had to drink the sorrow away , well we did the same then !, 
  brothers in drinking !, 
  yes , one of the guides told me that when we were on a walking tour . 
  lisboa is a great city , but too many damn hills !, 
  i 'm dutch !, 
  i 'm used to flat lands !, 
  so we ended up with half of the group drinking beer and sangria at a square , and we could see the castle in the middle of town . 
  ca n't remember its name right now , but the one where the christian soldier threw himself between the closed doors during the portuguese reconquista too bad about the match . 
  at least you can drink it away with some ginginha !, 
  ( or however it 's written haha ), 
  yes , the culture is very embracing to suits like that . 
  here in my country , especially in my area , people will quicker call you an ass for ` showing off ' . 
  poor is only the man that says he is poor . 
  sadly , this mentality is pretty much universal , and has always been , because people just like to dominate over each other . 
  i can see that you 're frustrated with the situation , and i wish there was something there could be a solution to it . 
  one of the guys at the hostel told me that the jesus statue across the ponte 25 looks at the government building and goes like `` what the fuck , guys ? '', 
  as for football here , my team just lost 0-3 , sure they were outclassed quite a lot , but i still had hope . 
  i hope your team wins . 
  but sporting lisbon ? 
  is n't that an abomination ? 
  haha , most people told me benfica * is * lisboa, 
  man , that 's why i love southern-europe . 
  it may be a bad trait , but i do like to impress and catch peoples ' eyes . 
  for portugal and spain , i 'm sure , there is still an underlying respect towards men in suits . 
  however , i felt bad . 
  i was in the train to cascais , and there were plenty of seats , but old people would stand up for me to sit in their spot . 
  i felt horrible , and begged them to sit down and get comfortable , so i ended up just standing in the train . 
  also , especially being tall and blond , i engaged in many conversations with locals , and tourists even !, 
  some tourists approached me and gave me their train ticket that was still valid for a few hours , so it was a free trip to cascais !, 
  lovely !, 
  the type of job does not matter , my friend . 
  it is the pride in the job , and the ambition you have to raise yourself . 
  i was raised in a quite high income family . 
  nothing too extravagant , but above average , yet i still feel humble , because my father is an honourable man , and he raised me too . 
  yet , i must say , it made me ambitious . 
  i have many flaws , some that i am working on , but catching some eyes from portuguese or spanish women , i do love that . 
  as i 'm writing this , the provincial football club might just have scored , i heard a big yell . 
  of course , haha !, 
  i guess i might have some norther charms after all . 
  do n't get me wrong , it was lovely , but [ she ruined my suit ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zophwq4.jpg ) . 
  even after dry cleaning it , it 's still messy . 
  oh if anything goes , iberian women are much harder to get , especially to get a commitment with , which makes me sad , but then again , you 've got a cause to fight for , and what would life be without a little struggle . 
  edit : do n't go to mcdonalds bathrooms , it might seem fun , but it does n't have enough space , and your suit will be ruined . 
  however , they do have those little * clothes hanger * ( ? 
  ) , so it does n't have to lay on a messy floor . 
  heineken could never compete with sagres pricing .
