  well , she is n't my wife , but she 's my best friend . 
  she 's polish . 
  because finnish people love robi\u0107 loda ;-), 
  good , because i think they are more reliable than ~ ~ most ~ ~ redditors . 
  an embassy was in my mind , perhaps the swiss township knows . 
  you can also ask the swiss company . 
  then hagelslag . 
  you also beat us in potato harvesting . 
  i am of many proud of you guys !, 
  i do n't know about the taxes . 
  i 'd contact french or swiss governmental institutions , because those are the most reliable sources you can get . 
  i 'd certainly take the job . 
  chances are you might pay some taxes , but if you earn $ 54.000 in 6 months , does 30 % really matter ( just saying something . 
  no , but being rich always helps . 
  to be honest , i 'm a little surprised that eastern-europe 's literacy is higher than western-europe 's . 
  i did n't know those kind of shows were broadcasted for children . 
  is it like honey boo boo , but russian ? 
  is it really propaganda ? 
  i mean i 'm doubting . 
  it does look like she was `` committing suicide '' but the weapons ended up being collected and ukraine , u.s. and russia were holding hands at the end . 
  it could also be that it depicts the struggle ukraine has been going through the last year , and this russian designer ( it looks like a fashion show ) , wants the west , russia and ukraine to have peace . 
  love you too , stupid twat . 
  i do n't know . 
  any kind of murdering ( the innocent ) is bad in my eyes . 
  good . 
  yes . 
  they claim that organisation is doing `` good '' yet they live in britain , under british law , healthcare , unemployment benefit and everything else . 
  when was this held ? 
  i do not know , but if there was another major eruption perhaps something would happen . 
  but if another few thousand flights would get canceled , the planes ca n't release any co2 . 
  that 's true . 
  wow , exaggeration is an art . 
  those stupid fruit producers . 
  acting like only they have been struck . 
  i do n't see greek , polish or dutch exporters burning flags or exaggerating . 
  iceland has raised the warning level for the volcano bardarbunga . 
  the level was raised to code orange , which is the second highest level . 
  in the past weekend the volcano was turbulent . 
  in a short span of time , hundreds of small earth quacks were measured . 
  according to the icelandic institute that measure these , there are not any signals of an eruption , although the chance has increased . 
  the bardarbunga is iceland 's biggest volcano . 
  ** eyjafjallaj\u00f6kull ** if the volcano was to erupt , it could cause a lot of problems . 
  in 2010 most of europe 's air traffic was disordered , because eyjafjallaj\u00f6kull erupted . 
  thousands of flights had to be canceled . 
  in 2011 , there was another eruption in iceland which caused trouble for air traffic . 
  to be honest , i 'm glad i 'm not in the hospital . 
  luckily . 
  true , but i think the beginning of their end is nigh . 
  they are already losing ground , and will continue to do so , hopefully . 
  i can not believe some people would live in the is caliphate . 
  i 'd base it on nationality , because it 's the first thing to pop up in me , and i stand as a proud dutch . 
  although , now that i think about it , i 'd use that if i met someone from another country . 
  if my friend asked me to identify myself , i 'd just say my name and some traits about me . 
  i found this coin and 2 polish grosze at a german gasstation . 
  i ca n't read any cyrillic languages , but i think it 's from ukraine , but i am not sure . 
  great video !, 
  every time i see or read about the baltic states i always get amazed , because i used to have this image in my head that these countries ... were you know ... not modern or rich , but i was apparently wrong . 
  i certainly want to visit lithuania and estonia one day !, 
  well , different type of cream . 
  ah , but the tree is fake :(, 
  oh well , i have found out one `` tip '' in / r/poland ones on how to make polish women fall for you . 
  simply say `` robi\u0107 loda '' and you 're settled . 
  do n't randomly say that polish women . 
  tak , tak . 
  ( przepraszam , that 's as far as it goes ) ;-), 
   would n't want to spoil your fun spoils fun . 
  haha , i 've also traveled with that company . 
  it 's magnificent . 
  :p p.s. 
  i do n't know if that 's how you write it , because my polish sucks . 
  the first polish word that comes to mind is `` kurwa '' because my friend always say it when she gets mad/happy/sad or because she likes to . 
  looks like `` pl '' in the left corner though . 
  i do not understand . 
  all i see is a polish driver . 
  [ if you like polish licence plates , here 's one i took in turkey . 
  you have bicycle lanes ? 
  i am indeed impressed . 
  you wo n't be disappointed !, 
  yes , but that is only a small portion . 
  many dutch do not travel in such vehicles . 
  i find them to be horrible and i hate them so much . 
  how so ? 
  aeroplane and automobile for me . 
  the song is called `` budapest '' . 
  instead of making the trains go faster , or more modern , we give them anti-leave lasers . 
  truly the most important thing they could start doing . 
  nice , 5th !, 
  well played everyone !, 
  i like that lithuanian mfa . 
  to be honest , i did n't expect russia to have more literate . 
  i 'm glad that i have an appearance in a sub then . 
  i am still very thankful for all the help all of you provided !, 
  i do n't know where i would be without the help !, 
  oh , well , i 'm flattered that you remember me !, 
  :-) i 'm actually visiting poland in 2 years with her . 
  that will be a nice addition . 
  and what is that supposed to mean , young man ? 
  goes both ways !, 
  although i love german , it can be quite complex . 
  i 've heard of it .
