  :-( this is a russian news paper i have hope for . 
  well thank you !, 
  i 'm on holiday now , with limited access to the internet ( or a computer ) , but i 'll improve it as much as possible !, 
  it 's called [ r/r4reurope ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/r4reurope/ ) . 
  i 've been trying to edit it in the post , but the internet is terrible at the moment . 
  perhaps when i 'm on a computer it 'll work . 
  would i kill murderers or innocent people ? 
  i fucking hope so . 
  there is no pride to be taken in killing innocents . 
  sometimes i 'm not as hood like as i like to be . 
  then agains , i tuck my shirt in my pants and i 'm whiter than most white people . 
  i also read of a show in which bikers save abused animals . 
  those bikers are the real mvp . 
  i do , but that does n't change the fact they should n't be punished , and should at least improve their eyesight to make sure this wo n't happen anymore . 
  it were the only polish cuss words i know , and pronouncing them is quite entertaining , even though my polish is less than worse . 
  :-) anyways , the rebels need to stop giving robi\u0107 lodas , and stop being stupid pricks . 
  i could n't agree more !, 
  oh , i did n't mean to quote . 
  i 'm not on my usual phone , on vacation and tired . 
  my apologies . 
  i dee , but i think the e.u. 
  is n't doing that , because we are too dependent of russian oil . 
  i wish we took drastic turns to lessen the use of oil . 
  i hope e.u. 
  starts supplying with equipment quickly . 
  if i was in charge of a military manufactory for stuff like armour and upgraded weaponry i would have donated to the ukrainian government , and offered a special contract . 
  i ca n't speak for the entire dutch population , but my gratitude for the support . 
  i read that this was the worst aeroplane crash in dutch history . 
  i think russia and the rebels are piece of shits . 
  i like that . 
  although i wish the western governments would also help the military and people out by providing certain equipment . 
  yeah , but that 's the period i did n't really read the news . 
  for some reason i was never interested in the news , but three years ago , i started reading it daily . 
  the people from those phone calls are kurwas , dupeki i idioto . 
  sorry my polish is n't that well . 
   these ukrainian rebels are twats . 
  you 'll feel different when 173 of your countrymen and too many others perish . 
  i 've also read there is a `` the people 's project '' in ukraine , on which the people can donate money to the army , which , as i read did quite well . 
  now that 's what i call supportive . 
  i have a rare taste for blood , especially ukrainian rebel blood . 
  an eye for an eye , a tooth for a tooth . 
  sanctions have n't had much result so far . 
  i think we should grab russia by the throat . 
  get ukraine in the nato and a special e.u. 
  membership , and train militarily . 
  it 's very weird how your perspective can change by few impactful things . 
  three years ago , i liked russia , i was ok with the country . 
  the the anti-gay rights came , which i was mad about , but ok , not my decision . 
  but now this ... 
  i have come to the realisation what hell on earth russia truly is . 
  god fucking dammit . 
  they shot down innocent people . 
  by the hundreds they murder without remorse . 
  death to the rebels i say !, 
  i hope they like it as much as when their own die !, 
  i am not back home now , but i , as a dutch am immensely aggravated . 
  i am sad and mad , which is the worst feelings to combine . 
  it is a sad period , and it 's in full effect around the world . 
  although i am not 100 % sure it was the rebels , i do think they were . 
  i would highly support military support from my country . 
  all nations thank you for showing the support given by the ukrainian people . 
  i sadly do n't have photos of me supporting the struggle the ukrainian people have gone through , yet it fully support the pro-european government , and i think porosjenko is , so far , a good leader . 
  you know they care when even bikers show respect . 
  i am deeply saddened by the fact many of my countrymen died , but not only my countrymen , also the other passengers . 
  my condolences to all families and relatives . 
  i fully support the full annihilation of the ones responsible . 
  whoever did this must pay . 
  after the fucking bastards have been identified i approve of a total anialation . 
  i have no mercy for people who support killing the innocents , without any valid reason . 
  too many countrymen of mine have died , too many people have died . 
  it is time we kill the cunts who shot this down . 
  wow ... 
  this is awesome !, 
  although , i do n't think the west is evil . 
  too bad you 're younger than 10 !, 
  i should have kept that in mind . 
  next time i 'll remember , i promise !, 
  well , luckily you have the right to have an opinion . 
  enjoy it !, 
  by the way , what 's the difference between pizza and your opinion ? 
  i asked of a pizza . 
  yes , but without the help of the e.u. 
  greece would be back in it 's old days . 
  and not the goof ancient days . 
  tak , nie rozumiem , ale polska never really had a time where they were left alone in history . 
  that was my horrible polish , please excuse me . 
  well , greece and turkey are both the e.u. 
  's bitch . 
  that 's the dutch version of the polonaise !, 
  the better one !, 
  pretty good . 
  how is day care ? 
  why are you describing yourself ? 
  this shit is hurting my brain . 
  i think i 'm going to my doctor now , and not pay any additional costs . 
  better safe than sorry . 
  u wot , usa ? 
  this is without a doubt the least clear graph i have ever seen . 
  all i see is that the netherlands is in * leaders * , that 's all i have to know . 
  then we make our own money !,
