  what will happen once most europeans will actually start to * hate * muslims no matter how many integrated/westernized muslims there are ? 
  they will get targeted too in this shitshow for sure . 
  people forget that europeans is historically ridden with conflict and war over the smallest issues . 
  two world wars . 
  why should we give a shit ? 
  i would n't put it on the israelis or jordanians to shelter the finns from russian aggression , that be on the scandinavian people 's to protect eachother . 
  well the population of this country is completely brainwashed . 
  that 's how it goes when a country had n't have to worry about its right of existence for over 200 years . 
  there 's no integrity of this society anymore . 
  no demands put forward on foreign recipients of our welfare . 
  dude ... the blonde-ratio is way higher in fucking poland ... 
  i 'm considering learning polish tbh , it 's half my heritage after all . 
  gon na need some sort of sanctuary once this country is on fire . 
  hope they need an extra code-monkey in the future . 
  they nurture each other . 
  that is why things must be done in moderation . 
  is the german people trying to prove something ? 
  vicious policies like this is going to nurture the xenophobic forces the germans are fighting so hard to contain . 
  if germany instead had elected a moderate approach , the far right would n't have the opportunity to gain sympathies among frustrated middle class people . 
  the left in europe is inviting the right because or their stupid fucking policies . 
  i 'm looking at another war in europe down the road ... 
  it 's our thing and it 'll happen again . 
  we 've started shit for less . 
  such a stupid fucking idea all this refugee nonsense . 
  why ca n't they live in camps close to syria ? 
  they 'll never leave europe at this rate and they 'll keep their culture and way of living and try to make us conform to their way of life . 
  it 's going to be a nice powder keg once all the arabs in their ghettos feel they can put demands in a society they do not contribute towards . 
  or at least a 50 % rate and not 13 %, 
  yeah it 's very interesting , did n't know this at all . 
  asked for a source in another comment . 
  so i 'm a bit more educated now !, 
  what law exactly is saying `` we have to '' ? 
  it 's not like immigrants will pick poland or the balts anyway - they do n't offer as generous benefits . 
  they will seek scandinavia , gb and germany only . 
  source ? 
  i did n't know this, 
   it has everything to do with people wanting to survive . 
  lol stop kidding yourself . 
  basically everyone not from syria is an economic migrant . 
  even then the people who are the absolutely poorest are gathered at the borders of turkey and lebanon . 
  they need resources and education for their kids . 
  those who manage to reach germany/sweden ( after paying 8000eur ) acts as anchors for the rest of their families once they 've secured some benefits . 
  * they come soley for benefits * , not because they like social democracy and swedish culture and way of life . 
  why should they increase the effort ? 
  it 's not like having huge amounts of towns , parts of cities , and neighborhoods turned into arab communities is particularly attractive or beneficial . 
  the people of these cultures do n't conform to western living even after several decades , and that just a few of the issues that come with these communities . 
  we really should n't fault any country for wanting less of a foreign culture ( specifically arab/african ) in order to keep an intact social cohesion . 
  why do n't they build a future in egypt , jordan , turkey , azerbaijan or countries that are similar to their own ? 
  why do they have to colonize our countries ? 
  nazis and finns cooperated against russia in ww2 , fyi . 
  edit : yes , yes , i know better now * sorry !, 
  i like that you argue your point , but i disagree with a few of them . 
  the only thing we can do is vote and let the majority decide right ? 
  our anti-current-immigration-policies-party went from 12.9 % to 20-25 % in recent polls in under a year . 
  that should give you some perspective . 
  keep believing all people want to share a welfare state with foreigners and it will bite you soon enough . 
  we 're not talking movements like pegida , but actual parties with a strong majority . 
  unskilled labor from north africa that get abused daily is a problem in sweden , and they 're not eligible for any welfare , they 're completely invisible to society , but they 're there . 
  those are actual economic immigrants and it is a problem that is hard to check . 
  then theres the roma gypsies . 
  then there 's refugees and while they need a sanctuary some countries just ca n't swallow that burden without them suffering . 
  and it gets increasingly a burden when you give these people permanent asylum en masse even though the welfare state and labor market and housing market ca n't account for them . 
  what 's even worse is the backward culture they bring with them . 
  you can send signals by not giving permanent stay to these refugees , but temporary . 
  why ? 
  because they do n't integrate anyway so why even try to encourage them ? 
  those who really would like to become citizens would have to fucking earn it . 
  it might seem so , but it 's not the case . 
  islam has less to do with all this twisted behavior as opposed to african/middle eastern culture . 
  clan mentality , woman-hate , lgbt-hate , rampant corruption , honor violence , and a blatant disrespect for western lifestyle and very often racism . 
  culture does n't sit in your skin or dna , but in the head . 
  and they teach their children that exact same behavior . 
  this would n't be an issue if these people were forced to live as a minority in wherever city they live in . 
  but they 're so many that their backwards culture is nurtured in the enclaves they live in . 
  what really makes me sad though is racism towards people who actually give a damn to integrate and make sure their children has a future . 
  but for ghetto-minded monkeys ? 
  fuck them !, 
  prison in that case . 
  i wish some politicians would come up with a good answer on how to deal with these people . 
  by being free they poison their communities . 
  and why do these people get elected in the first place ? 
  as a reaction to insane policies perhaps ? 
  where from do you think right-wing parties get their energy and opinion from ? 
  by telling lies or truth which pertains the society ? 
  why not ? 
  i know you 're insinuating i 'm one of those , but not really bro . 
  lots of assumptions you 're making !, 
  so deporting fanaticals out of a country is genocide ? 
  your narrative is n't fitting this discussion , asshole . 
  precisely my point , could n't have expressed it better . 
  i never said i did give a shit about you ? 
  you are aware these radicals would easily kill/assault lgbts given the chance ? 
  so . . never . 
  time to knock down doors and force these people out of europe . 
  it 's inevitable . 
  still outclasses the rohan army by three . 
  18.000 cavalrymen charging down a hill holy shit, 
  giving us more air would be counter-productive ... ... 
   why ? 
  britain has arguably a larger problem with ghettos and has incidents such as fundamentalists overtaking of schools , or paki trafficking rings .
