i agree with you , this also needs to be said . 
  viktor is the new skenderbeg , basically seeing a trojan horse for what it is . 
  one third are actually syrians according to eurostat , go figure . 
  you are aware that nobody is actually forcing the migrants to run towards the barricades to get beat up and sprayed ? 
  the reason they do so in the first place , is because if they get registered and screened in hungary they 'd be sent home when they found out they 're not actually fleeing a country in war . 
  because you know , only a third of the migrants are actually syrians according to eurostat . 
   the government ca n't interfere with religious schools because those were the rules they pushed themselves to protect established churches . 
  i too would prefer if the government would interfere with that but it 's idiotic to vote conservative because you hate muslims , when those very conservatives are responsible for making the laws that give religious fundamentalists too many freedoms . 
  excuse me , what ? 
  you germans have a constitution that warrants equal rights for women , so why ca n't you put it to law that any religious school in germany must adhere and respect the constitution ? 
  if muslim communities and your constitution collide on the issues they 'll have to suck it up and mix boys and girls in the classrooms and public baths . 
  because we 're west , and the west is progressive and wo n't submit their citizens to the norms , wishes and backward teachings of other cultures . 
  as for any other religious institution , they 'd be given the same treatment . 
  you should n't * have * to vote conservative for this , but for liberals , you know those who 're supposed to care about people 's liberties . 
   i do n't see the problem with the removal of pork , especially considering that some schools already have muslim majorities . 
  if they would n't eat it anyway , why cook it ? 
  it 's a problem in mixed schools . 
  you may not think so , but not even segregated schools are 100 % muslim . 
  no comment about public bath segregation ? 
   you can do both . 
  most people who are pro-refugee are doing both . 
  that is not true at all . 
  in sweden we had people from the left party denounce * other * left party-members that * who were immigrants * for lifting the issues with fundamentalism in the segregated communities . 
  liberals and the left do not stand up for women in these communities and they 're willing to lie and tell everyone that is not the case . 
   ... mind citing any examples of that ? 
  are you sure you have not read anything in the newspapers about gender-segregation in religious schools , public baths , complete removal of pork dishes in school cafeterias ? 
  perhaps the best example of them all is how we 're supposed to stand up and shout for equal pay of ceo women with a 3 % pay disparity ( or that board members are 80 % male ) who navigate at the top of society , while we have fundamentalist mini-popes in the immigrant ghetto neighborhoods that enforce their asinine views on women and men . 
  telling them how to dress , what to say , or how to behave , discriminating them and outright abuse or kill them . 
  we do n't stand up for our values in the west because it 's too hard or too sensitive to confront the issues . 
  it 's much easier to stand up against racism and ignore the enormous faults of victimized immigrants . 
  there 's many sayings . 
  i especially like : `` when in rome , do as the romans do '' . 
  very interesting . 
  if swedes * actually * were this welcoming to refugees , they would n't abandon neighborhoods in what 's called `` white-flight '' and let immigrants live on their own . 
  and we would accept muslims who demand to pray 2-3 times during working hours . 
  middle class , suburban people are n't exposed to the the negative effects of immigration . 
  they read their swedish newspapers , facebook , twitter or social bubble of choice ( i know it goes both ways but the left makes up of 80 % of the ideological spectrum among journalists ) that gives a skewed image of the reality that 'd make you assume that sweden is a country where car burning and attacking of ambulance personnel , riots , rock-throwing , conversion of apartment complexes where swedes live to asylum hotels ( not immigrant apartments in the suburbs of course ) , sharp increase of rape ( those not committed to a family member ) the closing of schools because students have zero respect for teachers or the institution , among much else , * is n't happening . 
  * excuse my shitty , non-existent punctuation . 
  those who answer these survey-questions are just posturing to satisfy their own egos . 
  it 's called ** social desirability response bias . 
  ** and is a huge threat to the validity of this study given the current political climate in sweden . 
  i really hope people who vote for this shit in 2018 gets to experience the full effect of their political positions . 
   yes , but a political opinion , a religion , all those are universal . 
  they can be changed , they can be mixed . 
  i 'm not denying that people are influenced by those ideas of nations and cultures , i 'm just saying that those ideas are n't monolithic , unchangeable entities . 
  and what exactly do you think the eu is ? 
  what is schengen ( free movement , open borders ) and trade agreements ? 
  nations and cultures can change , and people oppose change if they realize it 's for the worse !, 
   no it 's not . 
  please educate yourself on the issue . 
  people from the middle-east and africas * want * to change our societies so it fits them , they do not respect western way of living as they believe their culture , norms and political islam ( often in this order ) is much better in this regard . 
  you wo n't see east-asians or latinos or slavs trying to change western society , when they come here they want to assimilate and integrate , their own countries however want to preserve themselves from * us * ( the west ) as we enforce our way of human rights , etc , on them . 
  instead of letting them figure it out on their own . 
  * ... while at the same time we are encouraging the most disrespectful cultures to come and live with us and we let them change our societies and we dont stand up for our values when they collide ... * is that even striking a single fucking chord with you ? 
  we should all lease russian prisons and put the motherfuckers there . 
  the immigrants you import however , love the idea of clumping themselves together and sticking to their own . 
  albanians living in germany consider themselves albanians , turks consider themselves turks , and these people also gather under the flag called ` islam ' . 
  which is more of a political movement than a religion . 
  i mean you 're probably aligned to a political opinion , right ? 
  why do you and everyone else divide themselves in political opinions ?? 
  * for the exact same reasons we are divided in nations and cultures . 
  what you 're saying sounds like an attempt to downplay the significance of the statistics simply because this crime ( outside-of-relationship-rapes ) is committed solely by foreigners in norway , and probably in other countries that are too pc to collect statistics on the issue . 
  what 's your agenda ? 
  why should n't we highlight the issue so it can be dealt with ? 
  these people are more loyal to the muslim ummah concept rather than a nation state . 
  i can feel a great triggering in the interwebz . 
  if they can muster the efforts to build a wall to keep the picts out then i 'm not so sure if the seas were that much of an issue . 
  it would simply cost too many men to subdue the northern tribes , mostly because the engagements often favored the picts . 
  hadrians wall was built a hundered or so years after ceasar made the trek . 
  it largely * is * monocultural . 
  not sure about that , heavy vegetation or mountainous areas did n't favor roman engagements militarily . 
  romans would 've had to develop a different kind of soldiers and tactics in order to fight these tribes on their home turf . 
  if romans had accessible land or fought nations with standing armies similar to themselves , romans had the upper hand . 
  guerrilla warfare however ... 
   the percentage of refugees actually doing that is low . 
  i disagree . 
   and do n't forget that economic situations in some counties are so bad that poor people face the same fears as someone from a war torn country . 
  does n't justify the masquerading as a war victim , filling the quotas of what is supposed to be meant for victims of war . 
  70 % of the migrants are men . 
  many are young and have no kids to provide for . 
  they are opportunists that seek the promised land falsely marketed by smugglers and disinformation in the mena . 
   you help many many families who really need it - then donate to the unhcr and pressure your government to do the same . 
  people in camps are residing in the nearby countries are the primary victims in need of a safe haven , schooling for kids , a bed and food . 
  not people who can afford to move around and travel europe . 
  the dublin agreement is set in such a way to not allow refugees to go very far for a safe haven . 
  when `` refugees '' skip 5-6 safe countries to find a safe haven they cease to be refugees and become economic migrants . 
  edit : if finns have to flee a war with russia ( for instance ) then i do not expect refugees having the need to seek shelter in jordan or israel , but rather the closest two culturally and economically similar countries , norway and sweden . 
  absolutely * not * , i do despise economic migrants masquerading as such though . 
  you really think they would need any help with that ? 
  russia is fuming !, 
  now i see why you had an empire across the globe . 
  explain why a `` muslim '' name is an arab name . 
  islam is only wrapping-paper for arab/saudi culture and norms . 
  despicable . 
  interesting , thank you . 
  perhaps the fact that swedes has n't had to rally themselves in the face of an enemy for 200 years ... 
  many swedes have a very globalist mind today , and do n't seem to grasp the idea of social cohesion or why countries even exist in the first place . 
  this day and age still is n't mature for true globalism with open borders . 
  `` normal '' muslims unfortunately seem to agree with the vast amount of ideas that radicals and conservatives/fundamentalists spew . 
  just look at the source from / u/faust852 you propose europeans should react to this trash with tolerance and more tolerance ?
