   is sweden above everyone else ? 
  i do n't disagree , but it feels pretty rich hearing this from a brit . 
  not arabs ? 
  so we won ... again . . 
  sigh . 
  the ruskies . . 
  fuck it i voted russia ... she was real good . 
  norway give her a 12 . 
  cuz black metal !!!, 
  bond intro setting , ass , good voice , good music . 
  you 're going places germoney . 
  in the first blog he apparently cares enough to correct himself . 
  as for the jan ekberg sources , the sources stated in your second link are from 2009 and 20011 , so quite recently . 
  can you point to anything that suggests he indeed removed the blog that you mentioned ? 
  you can say that the immigration * policy * is insane and nobody will necessarily accuse you for being a racist pig or going against the * company values * ( total bullshit ) . 
  but i dare you to comment about immigrants culture or attitude towards the native population or western way of living or anything anti-islam and they 'll accuse you for all sorts of things . 
  source ? 
  so true . 
  no we 're not a minority and we represent maybe half of / r/sweddit . 
  do n't talk out of your ass . 
  a blog by legit researcher whose job is that of statistical analysis ... 
  the blog itself contain all the sources you need , what you do n't like however is the way tino argues from the evidence of his sources . 
  being `` right '' is subjective . 
  what we 're arguing about when it comes to immigration in a nutshell is the outcome . 
  and the outcome for high immigration is more often than not negative in short term for all immigrant groups . 
  long term however , immigration will sometimes pay off . 
  like with the chileans from the 70 's turned out great . 
  balkans from the 90 's still have n't turned out positive . 
  arab/african immigration however will leave deep holes in the budget for years to come . 
  their culture and education is extremely hard to accommodate in this society and we expect 500.000 more over the next 5 years . 
  lets evaluate the outcome of that and see if you 're `` right '' when you could have spent the same amount of money to help millions living close to warzones . 
  the rebuttal i get ? 
  - `` you just do n't want the living beside them you racist fuck !, 
  you do n't want to see them '' . 
  and next to no leftwing voter/politican lives with the immigrants in the ghettos . 
  they keep some of them as friends at best . 
  and those friendly experiences is exactly what they base their opinions of in the political spectrum . 
  shortsighted at the very least . 
  exactly . 
  lol get outta here . 
  normal people disagree with you and you 're complaining about being brigaded by rightwingers wow . 
  hey we also have the famous sm\u00f6rg\u00e5sbord !!, 
  which fermented fish * may or may not * be a part of . . 
  we had 286 ghettofied zones in sweden as of 2012 . 
  whom exactly has the head in the sand ? 
  fine . 
  it 's the major reason as how i see it . 
  nobody can deny that if you are negative about immigration , and your voiced reasons are legit and does n't deal with attributes of immigrants , you will * still * get suspicious looks and be accused of voting sd or being a racist . 
  and that is why stockholms stad now gives jobs , psychotherapy and housing to returning isis jihadists . 
  because this country has gone full retard under this status quo . 
  i was n't aware that immigrants does n't age . 
  especially given the fact that a substantial part of them are men in their 30-50 's . 
  these people wo n't generate money back to the state when the employment rate among them is 60 % after 10 years . 
  you can hope the children does better , but after what 've seen , immigrant children in certain diasporas does worse than the natives in school , and due to poor integration it is hard for them to fit in , worsening their chances at a job . 
  this is mostly true if you 're arab . 
  european immigrants has n't got nearly the same issues . 
  most of the swedes does n't live in the ghettos together with immigrants . 
  so saying they 're our neighbours or that many `` know '' immigrants in the form of aquaintances is false . 
  even among younger etnic swedes , not all that many keep immigrants as friends . 
  the country is segregated , and the ~ ~ only ~ ~ major reason swedes are so positive towards immigration is because it 's `` wrong '' not to be . 
  or sterilise them so they ca n't procreate and damage their offspring . 
  that curve is probably the same as middle-eastern/african immigration . 
  i do n't know . . maybe convenience ? 
  also the tiny part that does n't involve gambling with your life . 
  apparently they seem to think all refugees work diligently and does n't get older than 65 . 
  especially with an added population that does n't even pay enough in taxes to support themselves that will also age . 
  fair point . 
  what about `` double-edged '' sword do n't you understand ? 
  check a dictionary . 
  you 're projecting that on me ? 
  over 200 years of peace , perhaps the fact that swedes had n't had the _ fortune _ to fight for its sovereignty and people has been a double-edged sword . 
  it 's funny how well hitler succeeded in making his own people so weak in the sense that they feel guilt and fail to be proud of their culture . 
  something similar is going on in sweden too . 
  you 're an idiot if you think you are alone with being a big muscular guy who can give or take a beating . 
  are they national socialists ? 
  i do n't sanction their crimes . 
  fair enough !, 
   and claims to have evidence , both a recorded tape and messages . 
  [ evidence that she does n't present , instead she opts to rant . 
  ] ( http://www.dn.se/ledare/signerat/hanne-kjoller-trollfest-efter-kungstradgarden/ ) ( which is the article you quote but do n't link to ) dn 's wolodarski would never allow any article be printed which paints refugees in a negative light as a breaking news story . 
  he would ** once ** every other media does print such a negative story where they 'll simply blend in the media stream . 
  stop lying , the police officer who first contacted dn 's hanne kj\u00f6ller has confirmed she never came back to him after he told them the assaults were committed by refugees . 
  they did n't `` try '' for shit . 
  other media ( msm ) was n't interested aswell so the officer gave up . 
  there 's quite a few of us in the middle though . 
  topkek, 
  putin would like to see a total tool in the white house is my guess . 
  yes so i realize :p, 
  ... ... is n't this from a an infected mushroom track ? 
  my life is a complete lie . 
  edit : [ track in question ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6j3myaazj68 ) ~ 40 sec in, 
  was or is ? 
  weird how other cultures manage to integrate just fine . 
  so weird though ... '' * long-arse * '' or `` tall buttcheeks '' . 
  islamists are willing to lie and use * anything * to further their agenda . 
  they 'll do whatever to gain influence in their local areas , like taking over schools and rewrite the curriculum as they see fit , for instance . 
  same in sweden , our trams got rust and stuff . 
  and they 're our most modern trains . 
  they lost in court also i believe , or some settlement was reached . 
  you stink of white guilt and apologism .
