  please tell me how education then helps removing cultural aspects such as : 1 ) honor killings . 
  3 ) lgbt intolerance and hate . 
  4 ) jew hate . 
  you know , the kind of hate not confined to israelis . 
  5 ) genital mutilations . 
  6 ) forced marriage . 
  how do you reach out to parents that teach their kids these things ? 
  education ? 
  for whom ? 
  they first need to take school seriously in order to listen . 
  but many do n't . 
  we have schools shutting down in sweden because arab kids ca n't behave like people , but rather like monkeys . 
  why do n't these parents teach them manners and respect ? 
  if i 've lived in an immigrant area over a certain number of years * then it is n't personal anecdotes , but fucking fact . 
  * they * can * learn , but many wo n't . 
  why is that ? 
  if your bullshit actually were true , we would n't have these ghetto neighbourhoods . 
  but they exist , and they consist of arabs and africans . 
  ** where are the eastern asians ? 
  or south-americans ? 
  or european migrants ? 
  ** why do they succeed ? 
  because their cultural mindset is fucking normal and works in western society . 
  this is the reason jews do well in any society they choose to live in , because education matters to them . 
  arab and african culture is detrimental , destructive and does n't fit into western society . 
  they will cost society and be a burden for years . 
  it 's not about education . 
  it 's cultural . 
  most isis recruits from britain are middleclass and well-educated . 
  education does jack shit to teach you that women can and will do whatever men does , in europe , and that we respect women here , and they should too . 
  that cultural mindset is forged at home by their own backward parents that project their failure to learn the language or get a skillset to integrate or assimilate in the host country * onto * the host country and her inhabitants . 
  their children start to see injustice everywhere , get victimised , and act accordingly . 
  i 've lived in these areas so i know what the fuck i 'm talking about . 
  most muslims are '' ~ conservatives/fundamentalist '' , atleast 50 % and that 's being generous . 
  is it really that fucking hard to grasp that they 're coming from backwards countries where views on women , gays , etc. 
  is decades if not centuries behind ??? 
  basically most muslims here in sweden have the opinion that swedish women are whores simply because they freely engage in sex in the same amounts as men do . 
  these people are lowlife . 
  they are not like the rest of us . 
  rightwingers that hate gays are in minority . 
  never heard of the term `` the * christian * civilization '' . 
  christians have never sought to penetrate predominantly muslim land in order to convert the populance unlike muslims . 
  arabs had civilizations . 
  why exactly did ottomans and moors invande mainland europe ? 
  there 's no muslim holy sites here . 
  on the opposite , the crusades came as a response of muslims seizing jerusalem , a holy christian site . 
  in the same way the colonial powers over africa and india were also a response to the ottomans blocking the silk road . 
  look at istanbul , formerly known as constantinople . 
  it was a christian city and they also converted the largest temple to a mosque , the hagia sophia . 
  the whole city is a testament to muslim aggression and conversion of europeans . 
  it 's a really a shame that the city fell to the ottomans in the first place , or were n't reconquered . 
  ofcourse they became the enemy thereafter , i agree with you . 
  the colonial powers were after trade goods and power first , not the spread of christianity . 
  this is mostly because the ottoman empire blocked or tolled europeans traders heavily on the silk road . 
  so they sought other ways and established safe routes and harbors with their colonies . 
  gunpowder was the biggest reason to do this and to keep a trade link with china in order to obtain it . 
  cort\u00e9z subdued tribes in south america and killed them if they did n't bring him gold . 
   had the pope mustered all the armies of rome the conversion of europe definitely would n't have been as peaceful . 
  romans could n't break through german forests at the height of the empire and propably not later either . 
  we have n't heard of grave instances recorded in history that tells of forced conversion to christianity by romans . 
  was n't it only a change of state religion ? 
   also , keep in mind that in the 700s jizya was very tolerant , since people were allowed to keep their faith . 
  today it 's awful , but back then it was miles ahead of the rest of the world . 
  but those who could n't afford to keep the faith then ? 
  if you can save 5 % of your income as a poor family by converting , why would n't they ? 
   90 % were poor back then . 
  it 's a sort of forced conversion , only smarter and does n't disrupt people livelihoods nearly as much as a sacked town . 
  christians did it opposite though in many instances , they spread the message of christ first before they came to build churches there . 
  whole of scandinavia got converted like this ( ad 700-1100 ) . 
  many missionaries were killed initially for this though , but they perservered . 
  christianity got really ugly in the dark ages though ( ad 1100-1300 ) . 
  maybe partly because of the plague ? 
  is that as a consequence of geo-politics at the time , or that the religious teachings differ , you think ? 
  were n't muslim caliphs/warlords encouraged to spread islam consistently ? 
  i know that christian missionaries/emissaries were sent to pagan lands over long times to convert to lical populance , scandinavia is such an example where the indengenious population abandoned their pagan ways peacfully , for instance . 
  i think most europeans adopted christianity this way , except the pagan lithuanians , i believe ? 
  islam conquered north africa and andalusia with force though , and they also engaged persian armies with the declared intention to save them from zoroastranism and give them islam instead . 
  everywhere i read history , it seems that muslims armies/warlords/interests have cruel intentions . 
  if its not forced convertions , then it is a tax , which * forces * poor people to convert . 
  islam never was inherently peaceful mate , it started out with the conquest of cities , speared by their own prophet . 
  quite stark contrast to they guy who died on a cross for his beliefs and preached '' * love thine enemy * '' ... first instance of the islamic faith for europeans was n't peaceful . 
  muslim armies encountered the armies of charlemagne * after they 've forcedfully conquered and converted the nubians and berbers of north africa * , then they attacked the andalusians ( spain ) of whom many were christian already , took their lands , , and then they got stopped by charlemagne in southern france . 
  muslims were the ones to attack first = so they became the enemy hereafter . 
  so please , stop insinuating that islam had as first intention to spread peacefully . 
  never heard of a muslim missionary sent to foreign lands to preach . 
  i believe the topic is ancient rome ... and romans did the exact things you say towards christians until one emperor seems to take a liking to the cult of `` christianity '' . 
  and ofcourse they would n't allow the spread of islam in their countries , or judaism . 
  muslims were smart though , they disguised their racism and intolerance towards other religions with * a tax * . 
  hence why many poor people chose to convert to islam in the middle-east . 
  at one point the church did something similar to a tax in the dark ages , but by selling letters that would absolve people from grave sins . 
  and thus lutheranism was born as reaction , and progressive ( sort of ) christianity started . 
  so the roman empire does n't match those standards , how ? 
  half-polish < 3, 
  thanks !, 
  and sure !, 
  you want to dig those numbers up ? 
  the difference between french and british muslims is interesting indeed . 
  france is the most muslim populated country in europe too . 
  edit : wait ...  i notice the ** discrepancy ** between france and britain  / u/low _ discrepancy \u0c20_\u0c20, 
  there 's a pew poll ( give me a moment ) on muslims living in britain , where a large part want sharia law , supports death penalty for leaving islam .
