i try to keep my nose out of it because i feel a little presumptuous commenting on social issues outside of my own continent , but it is very depressing that the voices of reason are becoming quieter and quieter . 
  there 's nothing wrong with talking about immigration and wanting stricter laws to protect citizens from violent immigrants or radicals , but it 's degraded into such a petty `` us against them '' mentality that contributes nothing but hate and animosity . 
  is the polish position just super defensible or are the polish just complete badasses ? 
  i 'm not going to really respond much because of this  your na\u00efvet\u00e9 is almost laughable but i 'll just point out that i was n't referring to france , germany or u.k. 
  i was referring to countries which include finland , poland , ukraine and many other eastern european nations that have between a 1 % and 2 % muslim population . 
  the u.s * had * a 0.9 % population in 2010 , since then we 've had a surge of muslim immigration but the exact stats have n't been evaluated recently . 
  i was trying to politely talk about the issue but i 'm not interested in talking to someone who 's combative . 
  it is n't worth either of our time . 
  muslims are the fastest growing segment of immigration coming to america . 
  there are a lot of first generation muslims settling into american society . 
  we have a larger percentage of muslim citizens than a large portion of european countries . 
  we 're also dealing with large scores of illegal immigration from our southern border . 
  of course its not a country 's obligation to accept immigrants but i flat out believe its a false statement to say africans and muslims simply ca n't integrate . 
  edit ; also , i 'd like to point out immigration has not always been smooth for `` white christians '' irish immigrants were treated like second-class citizens , lived in ghettos , and were refused jobs . 
  polish immigrants were called derogatory names and were shunned by other immigration groups and americans alike . 
  german immigrants flat out refused to learn english . 
  wisconsin was a german speaking state until the world wars when german heritage was stigmatized . 
  so , even white christian immigrants have difficulty assimilating in the first generation . 
  it just amazes me how callous people can be . 
  my family fled from germany less than 100 years ago , so hearing people talk down about immigrants like they 're a lesser breed is just infuriating . 
  people can come from destitution and , given the opportunity , integrate and become a valued member of society . 
  i 'm a third generation american and you ca n't tell the difference between me and a tenth generation american . 
  do you honestly believe africans are just literally incapable of this ? 
  that their lineage is tainted somehow ? 
  what a slick way to put the blame back on the refugees . 
  `` well , if they were n't here we would n't have to throw molotov cocktails at them !, 
  it 's cause and effect '', 
  i think most immigration problems are just too large , and most countries do too little to make any difference . 
  totally agree . 
  i respect whistleblowers , like snowden , but assange is not that . 
  i just completely disagree with his tactics and i think he 's too anxious to make headlines . 
  [ that 's because a lot of game of thrones has been shot in northern ireland . 
  ] ( http://c1.thejournal.ie/media/2014/04/map-36-630x335.png ) i 'd absolutely love to visit sometime . 
  looks beautiful . 
  they probably see themselves as `` freedom '' fighters . 
  of course people are n't caricatures but how they see themselves is n't very relevant to those getting decapitated on their orders . 
  woooooooow , fancy . 
  the war in iraq makes me so embarrassed for my country . 
  i do n't think most americans understand just how badly we fucked iraqis over . 
  they were cheering when we entered the country , and fucking despised us by the time it was over . 
  we removed their government and then let everything collapse . 
  it 's fucking shameful . 
  during wwii we spent years planning our invasion into germany and how we would protect and stabilize the country once their government was overthrown because we had learned in wwi that you ca n't just collapse a country 's economy and hope they sort things out . 
  our clumsy , careless handling of the middle east ** will ** cause a repeat of the events that lead us there in the first place , guaranteed . 
  err letroll4eva umadbro ? 
   disinformed , not brainwashed . 
  as an american , i think you can understand the difference . 
  i very much do , which may be why i have empathy for them . 
  i agree the sanctions have hurt russia , that 's undeniable , but my point was just that the people of russia view putin as someone who has improved their lives . 
  many are old enough to remember the collapse of their government . 
  i 'm not actually arguing what putin 's policies have done for the country , only that the perception of him in the country is that he has done them a lot of good . 
  i do n't understand why people are taking my dislike for the video as my approval for the russian government . 
  i 'm not in opposition of any of the points you brought up . 
  well putin does n't have 86 % approval ratings for no reason . 
  his people genuinely believe in him . 
  no , i do n't like putin or his policies , but this video seemed pretty clearly slanted . 
  it honestly reminded me of north korea videos regarding the u.s. `` look at how brain-washed these american citizens are loving their godless capitalistic country . '', 
  there was very little actual journalism in this video . 
  honestly , i was n't a huge fan of how they reported on this . 
  so a tank malfunctioned , who cares ? 
  i do n't like the actions of the russian government , but all political ideologies aside i still think the people of russia are genuinely good . 
  i do n't blame them for standing behind putin . 
  for many of them he 's greatly improved their lives . 
  i understand disliking their government , but to act as if their patriotism is somehow indicative of them being brainwashed and naive is disingenuous . 
  it made me really happy to see everyone waving at each other . 
  i want our military to be used for the greater good , and it feels good to be able to be there for our allies when they need us . 
  the civ reference made that crystal clear for me . 
  now i feel dumb that i did n't understand earlier . 
   their parasitic cultural imperialism . 
  what exactly are you referring to ? 
   the debate over immigration is so embittered and divisive , that even if it 's totally immoral to close the borders , it might actually be good for society . 
  `` a small minority of society is bigoted , so we might as well surrender our immigration policy to them so we do n't make waves '', 
  no , they wanted him to come in for questioning * and * std testing . 
  he allegedly tore a condom before having sex with one girl , and another girl woke up with him already inside her and only after found out he was not wearing a condom . 
  julian has downplayed this and called it a `` smear campaign '' or two girls just being jealous and angry at him for having multiple lovers , but the situation is very serious . 
  these girls have every right to take legal action against him , especially if they contracted an std from him . 
  you are absolutely right , and i 'm surprised so many people are calling you a troll for it . 
  there 's a fairly famous documentary about it . 
  [ here 's the full documentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p4kslovcw9u ), 
  americans tend to stereotype the french as being unwelcoming to anyone not fluent in french and i think it 's unfair . 
  the real issue is n't with the french , it 's that americans instinctively apply american social mannerism to europeans and then walk away feeling unwelcome . 
  we forget europeans socialize in a vastly different way . 
  i learned this the hard way . 
  my first time outside the u.s was in france . 
  i was 17 and had only been studying french for three years . 
  i was embarrassed to try to speak french , because i was worried i would look foolish , and whenever someone tried to speak to me in french id freeze in fright because 99.8 % of the time i had no idea what they just said to me . 
  some people went out of their way to be gentle and kind about it ( putting on a smile , speaking slowly so i could catch the words , or even sometimes trying their best to speak english ) , while most sort of just tonelessly gazed at me while i stood there in panicky silence , which first-time-outside-the-states me interpreted as contempt , irritation , and dissatisfaction . 
  that perception was my own fault , though i did n't know it then . 
  i made myself feel alienated and unwelcome by expecting them to adhere to my country 's social cues . 
  like i said , this was my first time outside the u.s and i had virtually no knowledge about differences in cultural mannerisms . 
  in the u.s , if you speak to a stranger and they gaze at you indifferently with a toneless expression it 's generally taken to mean `` please leave me alone '' or `` you 're annoying me '' . 
  obviously , in france ( and other european countries ) it does n't mean that . 
  all the french i just assumed abhorred me , were doubtlessly just trying to be patient and attentive while i spoke broken french to them . 
  they were trying to be kind and instead i construed it into resentment towards me . 
  i 'll always have a special place in my heart for france for being the country that took in my completely culturally ignorant ass and opened up my world to cultures outside the u.s. 
  i 'd love to go back someday . 
  it really is a beautiful country . 
  well , this is embarrassing . 
  i really hope you 're not serious about that , because that has no foundation in wwii history . 
  i think the public would be outraged if a russian army crossed into finland , but i seriously doubt the government would just march itself into war with a nuclear country .
