the support for joining nato has grown continuously since putin and the boys got all soviet nostalgic they 're just trying to get the band back together, 
  last i checked , a swedish report said that the swedish military could only defend one point of attack for about a week before they 'd collapse . 
  do you think the eu will eventually make up its own military component ? 
  when the us was founded , people identified on the state level more than on a national level . 
  we even had another constitution in the articles of confederation which seems like a eu almost . 
  people just had more loyalty on the state level . 
  that changed in the 1800 's to a more national identity . 
  anyways , it seems like the eu has to be a transition to a more powerful european body if there 's going to be a furthering of the european national identity . 
  it just does n't seem to be able to get much done either in terms of security or politically . 
  but ca n't that be said about the whole european experiment still ? 
  that 's just one big attempt to prevent another world war ? 
  military spending seems rather taboo in the eu right now . 
  idk if that 's true . 
  britain and france have really only intervened in or defended former colonies since 1945 . 
  i 'm not arguing . 
  i 'm genuinely asking for your opinion as a european/french citizen . 
  yeah that 's kind of the issue with brussels atm . 
  i just do n't see the political will to fight the russians . 
  allies have to be willing and able , and i see no evidence of that from several western european countries . 
  angela is willing to sellout her own citizens to please the sultan down south , so i would n't be counting on her to protect estonia . 
  yeah check out our hacking of israeli drones and fighter jets . 
  i 'm sure the nsa and cia have plenty of assets targeting israel . 
  germany spies on us , and we spy on germany also . 
  does this suddenly make us adversaries ? 
  not sure you 're seeing what he 's saying . 
  israel totally left gaza , forcefully removing settlers , and got hamas running the strip . 
  they see no reason to repeat that process again and have another hostile force in artillery range of the majority of israeli cities . 
  tech recession like the early 2000s tech bubble ? 
  or the 2008 financial meltdown ? 
  you 're pretty much guaranteed a recession once a decade , so if we 're going to have one now seems like the time . 
  with the strong dollar and weak global demand , i can see how we 're on the line . 
  they ? 
  meaning your sovereign and democratic government ? 
  that 's about right on the austerity measures . 
  on the other hand the us government actually did right with the stimulus and other expansionary policies . 
  though y' all have a very complex problem to solve . 
  uh , putin just kills you if you talk badly about him . 
  could be worse . 
  rt : russian soldier mistakenly walks across donetsk into nato ukrainian fascist lines sputnik : cia agent poses as russian soldier ; stages surrender in order to embarrass donetsk freedom fighters, 
  its pretty common tactic for the russians to demean political enemies as mentally unstable thus being able to legally silence them . 
  marina kalashnikova , pussy riot and mikhail kosenko come to mind . 
  most students live off campus . 
  these type of things fall into the local police category . 
  easier said than done . 
  they can take legal action against a us citizen inside the us . 
  it really is a one way street . 
  this reminds me of a situation some of my close friends at american university in washington dc told me about . 
  a group of diplomats sons go there . 
  they 've essentially formed their own fraternity . 
  collectively they can not be punished . 
  so of course they act more like a gang . 
  my friends we 're explaining how they jumped a kid outside of his house , beating the living shit out of him , after he talked shit about them to other students . 
  nothing could be done . 
  edit : grammar, 
   still hoping that ttip :(, 
  i can agree on that . 
  i thought the convention was just what the dnc needed . 
  a lot of the bernie crowd just wants the party to burn . 
  dws was also incompetent and divisive to the bernie bros. 
  it was a good time have her step down . 
  we 're closer to agreeing than you think . 
  just different interpretations . 
  have a good day . 
  you do n't want what 's coming sweden : an all out abba ban, 
  ha , i believe it is you who lost . 
  seeing a russian puppet fall and watching the ukrainians take their country back must have been a massive embarrassment during the olympics . 
  i do n't think you can contemplate that ethnic ukrainians do n't care for russia for its centuries of oppression . 
  how many did russia starve ? 
  5 million ? 
  7 million ? 
  oh i forgot . 
  god forbid ukraine signs a trade deal with the eu . 
  so terrible . 
  enjoy your wrecked economy . 
  you currency is cheaper than toilet paper so i 'm considering switch to the ruble for asswipe . 
  i 'll buy some off you if you please . 
  seeing as russia signed an agreement to respect the territorial integrity of ukraine , those are absolutely invasions . 
  you can not go around redrawing borders as you please . 
  that 's not russophobic , that 's a common expectation of a 21st century state . 
  the most alarming thing is how convinced the russian population has become of any criticism of russia . 
  everything is either nato conspiracy or russophobic charge . 
  the average european and american does n't contemplate russia much , at all . 
  you 're not high on our list of things we care about . 
  every time i check russian propaganda sources , its a major obsession with america . 
  america this , nato that . 
  be careful of your leaders , they tell you what we think and care about . 
  you should n't trust someone that writes the script for the other side then presents themselves as the antidote . 
  its creating an inferiority complex . 
  you seem to be projecting some sort of inferiority complex . 
  almost like your leaders have convinced you the world is against you and russiaphobic , hmmmmm, 
  the point is , russia is happy with its neighbors as long as they are under their control . 
  if belarus decided to kick out russian forces and join the eu , i think russia would soon have problems with belarus . 
  belarus is your client state and goes along with what you want , they 're not going to have issues with russia . 
  ukraine found out what happens when you threaten russia 's economic and military interest . 
  the baltic states are worried about the same kind of situation . 
  oh we already have . 
  i have friends from florida who fled when the chavistas took over . 
  they owned chicken farms , and the government put on price controls . 
  then the officials demanded a slice of the remaining profits to keep for themselves . 
  their threat was nationalizing it if they refused .
