ca n't believe france is the only country with 0 . 
  killjoy . 
   it 's like something from sesame street . 
  \\ - my mother, 
  i wish vatican city would compete , though . 
  `` it 's like the gay wedding i 'll never have . '', 
  `` listen to that . 
  these are real people cheering our entry . '', 
  `` this could be our year . '', 
  ever the optimist , graham . 
  that 's what i thought , but by the time it got to the chorus i was questioning it . 
  i hope denmark is being satirical . 
  another mumford and sons , what the fuck . 
  mumford and sons , is that you ? 
  they 're no lordi . 
  genuinely enjoying italy 's song . 
  this was not supposed to happen . 
  `` do you know how long i 've been here ? 
  i actually enjoyed that . '', 
  france 's answer to jedward . 
  `` he 's not a television presenter or a comedian . 
  this will become clear . '', 
  this is not what i was expecting from poland . 
  `` if you think ' i quite like that round piano ' , i 'm sure you 'll be able to find it in a skip outside the show later . '', 
  people who have to watch this without graham norton are really missing out . 
  now the party 's really starting . 
  this is more like it . 
  god bless iceland . 
  i heard `` make love no more ! '' . 
  `` why ? 
  because it 's eurovision . '', 
  graham norton offering words of wisdom there . 
  `` we 'd love to know if you 're partying along tonight . '', 
  this counts , right guys ? 
  that 's ... depressing . 
  i hated welsh , but at least we were taught in a structured way that focused on the basics . 
  oh god , my welsh is pretty shaky these days . 
  i know ` wedi ' is used to say `` i had/have ___ '' but the literal translation is different . 
  this is the most accurate description of hurling i 've ever heard . 
  my mother 's irish lessons consisted of her reading a book in irish about an old woman living on an island on her own ( non-fiction ) . 
  i hope your lessons are n't quite that bad . 
  huh , now you say it i 've noticed my family talk like that but i had never quite put my finger on it . 
  that would be nigh on impossible , i think . 
  you may be able to get a better general idea by asking less direct questions , or by asking people how they perceive others ' views on race . 
  you 'd still get skewed result though . 
  also , racist perceptions vary not just across countries , but throughout areas of cities and towns . 
  this is not easy to measure . 
  malta , i think . 
  my ( irish ) mother just came home . 
  i was n't particularly sensitive breaking the bad news to her ... 
  if you mean r/europe , personally it 's my first time . 
  maybe we were all drawn in by the promise of cheesy tv and bad jokes ? 
  this has been the best night for sitting home alone listening to bad pop in , well , a whole year . 
  thanks , guys , for being so entertaining . 
  \\ #donereallywell, 
  they 're trying so hard to look excited about their 12 points . 
  consider it payback for last year . 
  `` i do n't think bonnie can win now . 
  i 'm not sure - i 'm not carol vordeman !, 
  but it 's unlikely . '', 
  we gave them a third of their entire score , actually . 
  i think he squealed . 
  hello , high scorers ? 
  it 's the uk calling . 
  yes , i 'll hold . 
  so much fun so high pitched so excited, 
  poor ireland though . 
  we 've beaten last year 's score, 
  it 's eurovision . 
  the cheesy and corny flock to it . 
  he really does love hashtags, 
  well that 's looking likely now , somewhat surprisingly . 
  that 's definitely what the host was thinking . 
  that 's it guys , europe does n't want us anymore :(, 
  each country who does n't give us any points is another little stab in the collective heart of the uk, 
  armenia : \\* sings * graham : you should leave, 
  i actually meant who was the person announcing the scores from the uk , but someone has answered that now n.n, 
  only estonia is doing worse than us yikes, 
  maybe not sideshow bob ... more like his brother , cecil . 
  oooh , okay thanks !, 
  your comment has only made me more confused :(, 
  only 1 point for ireland ? 
  ouch . 
  but 8 for greece makes me happy . 
  who the hell is the uk person, 
  exceeded expectations, 
  the night is young, 
  i was being a little bit facetious , mate, 
  i read  he should really bang some topless drummers wearing leather trousers, 
  yes graham , he really does just light up the room, 
  denmark dancing in the background are far more interesting than anything he has to say, 
  nigel farage are you not convinced of europe 's worthwhileness now, 
  humon ... lied to us ? 
  `` ikea has gone worldwide ... good luck assembling all the parts ! '', 
  lucius malfoy to win, 
  `` please god , someone , somewhere in europe is picking up the phone and voting for bonnie tyler . '', 
  it 's sad that this competition is 90 % aesthetic . 
  ( the other 10 % is geographical , obviously . ), 
  as you should be . 
  i ca n't imagine it being half as much fun without him .
