  i think and hope it 's a strategic move on their part . 
  trying to make our country more stable so it can resist the russian advance . 
  the american embassy is very openly supportive of laura codruta kovesi ( dna head prosecutor ) and she has had training in the us . 
  i trust the eu . 
  your point is moot !, 
  q : how does a sheep herder find his sheep high in the mountains ? 
  a : satisfying !, 
  also your prince is here every other day . 
  he really loves rural transilvania . 
  we never where third world , we where second world as in the warsaw pact members !, 
  yes , hydro balances the grid when the sun do n't shine or the wind do n't blow . 
  you mean mainly from our solar plants that produce as much as a nuclear reactor and our wind farms that on peak wind produce 30 % of consumption ? 
  sauce : http://transelectrica.ro/widget/web/tel/sen-grafic/-/sengrafic_war_sengraficportlet, 
  actually it was a private firm that did that and then sold them to hospitals . 
  bribing here and there as needed . 
  also there where some pretty weird connections to the intelligence services . 
  the guy who owned the company lived and founded it in an apartment building belonging to the internal intelligence service and his ex wife ( admittedly she had psychological problems ) did say on tv that she notified the service about problems at the company and nothing happened . 
  the whole thing is shady as fuck !, 
  that 's the problem with renewables , they tend to fluctuate wildly . 
  here you go : http://www.transelectrica.ro/widget/web/tel/sen-grafic/-/sengrafic_war_sengraficportlet now you can stay up to date with energy production in romania by the minute . 
  spoiler alert : if you take into account nuclear and biomass we are almost up to 50 % green energy . 
  just tell them to visit romania . 
  most people are shocked by how much they like it . 
  and ever since the eu most of the gypsies left so there are less then i the west . 
  yet if he would 've attended no school because his parents were n't rich enough to afford one in the all private libertarian wonder land he would be of even less value to the economy . 
  it means everybody : teachers , doctors , army , police , civil servants , etc. 
  you can find a break down for 2016 in romanian here : http://www.mfinante.ro/salariati.html?pagina=domenii, 
  that is the total population in the country , and it 's more like 18-19 mil . 
  saying that the state produces nothing is a blatant lie . 
  the state produces most of the electricity and a lot more . 
  the problem is inefficiency . 
  the state could function just fine with a lot less people . 
  you mean the same military that shoots down it 's own planes ? 
  sauce : http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/8142999.stm, 
  they do n't have anything on merkel either , yet a lot of people still believe a little german girl was gang raped by muslim refugees . 
  nobody remembers she was a little russian girl that run away from home . 
  do n't be pendatic , you know all russian hackers love to ddos hack the shit outta things !, 
  there is actually some tension because of your reactor at our border . 
  in was in the news a while back . 
  but ours is a candu and it ca n't blow up because you need power to keep it running , as soon as something happens and you ca n't keep power on the reaction goes sub-critical and the reactor shuts down . 
  that is exactly what the communists thought . 
  efficiency does not necessarily mean scale . 
  no big scale agricultural undertaking would be workable without government subsidies . 
  he is against it , but he does not have a say in this because the way they did it it gets to take effect immediately without going to the president for approval . 
  because if they do invalidate it , it 's effects would already be implemented . 
  penal law in romania is applied only in the future after it is adpoted , the only exception beeing a more leninet law that will take effect for past crimes as well . 
  the form they choose , ordonanta de urgenta a guvernului ( government emergency ordinance ) takes effect imediatly and does not get sent to the president for approval . 
  while it is judged at the constitutional court the lawyers of the rich will use it to the fullest . 
  when/if it gets repealed you can not rejail those you have set free . 
   at the same time , orban is conducting a witch-hunt against ngos in hungary , using a russian blueprint . 
  this will soon come to romania as well . 
  all our pesky protesting will be crushed sooner or later . 
  that 's what hay is for . 
  this really just sounds like propaganda . 
  cows are valuable and all they eat is grass . 
  do you have a source for your claims ? 
  it 's because of dan adamescu and his son who lives in the uk . 
  they put a lot of money in pr and an israeli private intelligence firm to dig dirt on the cheif prosecutor of the dna . 
  it did !, 
  and it is alarming !, 
  i think bucharest would be cheaper and more fun than warsaw !, 
  maybe they just need to dump ntpd and use chronyd on those things !, 
  because there are a couple of news outlets in romania that use these articles as `` proof '' that the anti corruption fight is bad and should be stopped . 
  sort of like : hey , look , i know our boss is in prison because of corruption , but this prestigious british paper can not be lying . 
  and it 's like this ever since they started going after the top of the pyramid . 
  the guys who won the elections even said before the election that `` the people must choose between cuffs and prosperity '' as in elect us and we will give you more money but you have to turn a blind eye to our corruption . 
  it is done to promote an european mind set , it 's a lot easier to not be a xenophobe if you have met people of other nationalities yourself . 
  is n't that just normal rebalancing of the grid ? 
  no , please do n't ruin the anarchist 's conspiracy theory . 
  the french are out to get us !, 
  they planned to whole thing , that 's why they let us in the union , so their plan would work !, 
  we implemented a lot of reforms in order to join . 
  maybe we did not meet all the criteria , but we did show a willingness to reform . 
  here you go m8 : https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2014/nov/19/uber-investigates-top-executive-after-journalists-privacy-was-breached, 
  as a person that payed for whatsapp before they sold out to facebook i really do n't feel like i 'm getting the service i wanted . 
  i would gladly pay for a whatsapp like service the way it was before . 
  but now that everyone is using it it 's kinda hard to leave it . 
  i ca n't get anyone to use signal . 
  are you payed to spew this stuff ? 
  you need to meet certain criteria to join the eu otherwise it all goes to hell . 
  if you do not implement any of the reforms they recommend or that you think are necessary to meet the criteria then you will never join no matter how much you negotiate . 
  keep on dreaming . 
  he can only send it back once , after that he has to sign it . 
  paper that you have to stamp . 
  probably people voting from other areas on supplementary lists . 
  but they scan your id card with a tablet and once you vote it 's in a central database and you ca n't vote again . 
  would you say that iraq and the world is better off without that crazy saddam ? 
  venezuelan oil is low grade and expensive to extract . 
  saudi oil is high grade and dirt cheap to extract . 
  and besides you want the saudi family as allies , not as enemies and not replaced by some crazier people . 
  there is also : doing good is mother fucking !, 
  which actions might those be ? 
  romania has more than enough gas for it 's own consumption , there is no dependency on russian gas . 
  yes it does , just black hole all russian subnets in bgp . 
  come to romania , it truly is a paradise !, 
  any source for that ? 
  and do n't give me neacsu 's letter , one letter is not enough . 
  you know the austro-hungarians always vote iohannis !, 
  the president does not name them , but approves or rejects them after the justice minister nominates them . 
  what they want to do is move the approval process to the superior magistrates council .
