after confessing in 2014 that he had been undercover agent for the secret service , he temporarily withdrew from the media but later founded an online television station . 
  it does because tax evasion is like crazy over here . 
  and untaxed goods and services do n't get reported so it 's pretty hard to factor them into statistics . 
  that and an ever improving tax collection agency . 
  i know , i know . 
  but i 'm just happy 'cause it could be worse !, 
  the benefits of being poor , there 's a lot of space for growth !, 
  romania 3,7 % gdp growth , just sayin '  ), 
  that and `` everyone ( politician ) is the same '' . 
  i find it funny how these people are always the most fervent democrats when they are in the opposition . 
  and as soon as they get power they never want to leave it . 
  indeed she is . 
  edit : the name comes from her ex husband who probably is an ethnic hungarian . 
  you can have our general attorney ( he is going to jail ) . 
  kovesi is the chief prosecutor of the national anticorruption directorate . 
  damn , how i love the american civic spirit . 
  our civic spirit is broken starting with school . 
  they teach you to not oppose power because you might get beheaded . 
  it 's a romanian saying : capul plecat , sabia nu-l taie . 
  it would be loosely translated as : the bent head ( as in bend the knee from got ) , the sword does n't cut off . 
  i had so many teachers , especially history teachers , drill this saying into my head . 
  actually the social democrats created the agency , it was meant to be a toothless form without substance . 
  afterwards it was put to use by the democrat liberals , mainly in the benefit of the president . 
  but since kovesi came to run it , it has been in full swing . 
  it 's ciolos now . 
  ponta jaily time . 
  ( not yet , but gon na happen ), 
  he forgot the absolutely beautiful women , each with her own set of carpathian mountains !, 
  they do supply liquidity to the market , i would just limit it at one trade per second . 
  ah , the subtleties of language . 
  well there is a lot of room in bulgaria as well , yet they post meager growth . 
  lck and a lot of the dna prosecutors . 
  water balloons by the arch of triumph , i dare you !, 
  population is shrinking unfortunately due to negative birth rate and emigration . 
  of course gdp is n't the be all catch all but things are going quite well . 
  negative inflation , decrease in unemployment , increase in salaries , good government , it 's just paradise . 
  well at least until december elections . 
  believe me i know . 
  i remember the first time i went to germany ( i think it was 2002 ) and even though i was a child i could still notice big differences . 
  well she was trained in the usa where the chief prosecutors ( state attorney generals ) are elected by popular vote . 
  ah , you are right , this is from last year . 
  i was searching for the weo released this month by the imf , but unfortunately i confused it with the one released last year in october . 
  but it is still true , we have 5 % gdp growth . 
  we do n't have any credible nationalists , the only problem is with certain people ( in both big parties ) that want to turn back the anti corruption clock . 
  it is a very touchy subject in romania because of the ban during communist times . 
  it is also the subject of an award winning romanian film : http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1032846/, 
  yeah , i know . 
  but nothing is impossible . 
  we are talking about bandwidth , not goodput . 
  so they steal about half a kilobyte ? 
  how can blocking traffic based on some criteria be neutral ? 
  next thing they will do is charge those advertisers for access to their network . 
  it 's just not neutral . 
  there are tons of legal poisons you can buy ... 
  yeah , but making a product with low harm and big demand illegal is just handing a huge revenue stream to criminals . 
  well you ca n't have it both ways . 
  just because the blocking is in the interest of the consumer and not another business does not a neutral network make . 
  first of all 1 byte = 8 bits so your calculation is wrong . 
  second i think op has 25 mbps but did n't know the difference . 
  hahahaha , i have 100 mbps on copper in romania !, 
  how about romania ? 
  i really need to get a good night sleep ... 
  fixed it , dunno why i wrote that  ), 
  it frightens me how the russian point of view is openly supported among these people , yet they keep getting popular . 
  state aid is forbbiden , there was no tax policy as there is only one company that benefited and that amounts to state aid . 
  it is wrong , it 0.005 ** % ** meaning 0.005 / 100 =  10\u00a0000\u00a0000 ~ ~ divided ~ ~ multiplied by 0.00005 = 500, 
  ahem , romania , not bulgaria . 
  it caused quite the shit storm here . 
  the grip is not tight , on the contrary they where free to choose . 
  but after the choice they must suffer the consequences . 
  revenue is up probably because of economic growth and the crack down on tax evasion . 
  the size of the phenomenon was huge , you just would n't get a fiscal receipt anywhere besides big corporations . 
  and now every one gives you one . 
  they also did a campaign on the 1st of may ( opening of the season ) at the sea side where there are a ton of clubs . 
  there usually are big parties and the declared revenue for one club was 3000 % bigger in those 2-3 days than it was for the entire season the year before there where inspections . 
  big push by the tax man to counter tax evasion . 
  new fiscal measures : from a 24 % vat , last year they introduced 9 % vat on food and this year reduced vat for everything to 20 % . 
  there where also some reductions on capital gains tax , but i do n't know the numbers exactly . 
  i think it 's something like from 16 % to 5 % tax . 
  big austerity measures that cut government spending . 
  all government employees lost 25 % salary in 2010 , but a lot of their pay was in the form of sporuri ( i do n't know how to translate it exactly but it means additional pay ) which where a percentage of the main salary and they all got banned . 
  so some government employees lost even 50 % of their pay . 
  also we have a really strong it sector that just keeps on growing . 
  we have 0 income tax for programmers if they finished an it university and we have quite a few of those . 
  so it 's really easy to hire skilled people and pay them well . 
  well in bucharest you can find really good tomatoes as long as you buy them from the market ( as in old school farmer 's market ) in season . 
  when the season comes and the farmers bring in their own crop you can feel the difference in taste from the imported sh * t. it 's light years better even though they do n't look as visually appealing . 
   three years ago valve hired yanis varoufakis to oversee the steam market , now he 's in charge of greece 's economy . 
  well yahoo news , now that 's a great source . 
   ) here you go : http://www.digi24.ro/stiri/digi24/actualitate/justitie/reportaj+sky+news+urmarire+penala you ca put it through google translate . 
  it says all three are arrested and the charges are formation of an organized crime group ( does not matter what crime if you are more than one and collaborate ) , not respecting the law on guns and munitions ( this means that even though they owned some of the guns legally they should n't of used them as they did ) and communication of false information . 
  it also says that they made a formal request to the british authorities to question ramsey and his crew . 
  well all the guys in the film , except the `` journalists '' , have been arrested . 
  they also gave live tv accounts about what happened : they got paid 2000 euros ( 1000 for the fixer and 1000 for the two so called arms dealers ) to act in a documentary . 
  they said they where told it was like a re-enactment in a documentary and people would be told that the images are just for illustration purposes only . 
  there is camera footage of them meeting without any masks and they where told what to say and to use romanian when talking to each other even though they are native hungarians . 
  yes , all hail the free and independent orban !, 
  he will save hungary from eu corruption . 
  how exactly does renault own romania ? 
  they keep bitchin ' for a highway for their auto plant ( one that would be usefull for everyone ) and they keep not getting it .
