  he did his best to get rid of is dialect asap . 
  which i find is a sad thing since everyone should be able to be proud of his heritage . 
  this is especially mean if you think about the east germans doing the first peaceful german revolution ever while the west was just standing by . 
  shut up !, 
  i looked at it for almost a minute thinking * `` what can i possibly extrapolate from that ? 
  unless you 're an advertiser or something this sounds crazy . 
  nato consists basically of the european members , canada , turkey and the us itself . 
  during cold war it could be seen as americas undisputed sphere of influence . 
  one of the reasons france did n't want to really commit for a long time . 
  thanks for comparison . 
  did n't know that the us military budget is * that * high . 
  i understand that this means they probably got the best equipment available in the world . 
  but what about other numbers ? 
  for example i heard the the chinese peoples army has so much volunteers that they only accept the best . 
  and what remains is a huge amount of willing reservists . 
  so i wonder if there is any field of military where the us is really challenged by an other nation . 
  edit : typo, 
  just do n't think about the ones staying at home . 
  had a good laugh . 
  thank you . 
  i 'm not denying anything . 
  it is a socio-cultural construct . 
  in fact one that i come to love and embrace . 
  it has is own history and that fact that it might not be seen as an real geographical continent does n't bother me at all . 
  i even think its a good thing . 
  because therefore iceland can be a part of europe . 
  and iceland is cool ( no pun intended ) . 
  it is more like a fun thing to think about , that the antarctic is more of ( geographic ) continent than europe . 
  and yes you 're proof enough that the article is right . 
  a lot of us do like complaining . 
  edit : went through your second link in order to check why you think i am wrong . 
  but even that link speaks of europe as an eurasian subcontinent . 
  so okay , maybe we 're more like india . 
  europe is n't much of a real continent anyways . 
  technically we 're an asian peninsula . 
  if believe at some point they even teached that in japan . 
  i 'm not so worried about industrious compliance . 
  it 's more about political decision making . 
  many officials knew what was going on and did not interfere . 
  it 's stuff like this that makes me worry . 
   it feels like they 're saying `` and what are you going to do about it ? '', 
  very true . 
  i demonstrate , i vote ... still nothing has really made a difference so far . 
  i 'm pretty sure parliamentarian democracy will be outdated sooner or later . 
  we need to figure out other kinds of participation for the people . 
  never heard of the famous european exceptionalism ? 
  its an open secret tbh . 
  just like the vw manipulations . 
  have you ever checked the manufacturers data on fuel consumption ? 
  they only work under certain laboratory conditions too . 
  i only wonder if there was any world cup which was n't manipulated . 
  now kiss, 
  i am . 
  afghanistan especially . 
  during kosovo i was n't much of political thinking person , but the results speak for themselves . 
  a malfunctioning state was created by giving all of the different former combattants government jobs . 
  but do n't get me started with the shouldas and couldas . 
  me too . 
  but nato has to be careful . 
  it is critical that the organisation remains able to fulfill its given security guarantees . 
  sure we got three nuclear powers in it . 
  so it will never be seen as toothless . 
  but concerning smaller military conflicts many nations like germany rest maybe a bit too easy . 
  the usa seems to be the main ( sole ) responsible for protecting eastern europe . 
  but this of course should be in every europeans interest too . 
  so , to be clear i 'm against almost every milititary intervention the west did within the last 15 years or so . 
  but nato is our very own defensive alliance and must stay viable with a keen blade . 
  we germans should not forget about that if we want to keep the peace everyone loves so much now . 
  until then : thank you guys . 
  finally we can free our brothers and sisters from the [ belgian oppression ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german-speaking_community_of_belgium ) !, 
  thats because i honestly did n't know, 
  i would love to see you guys as a committed member of the eu . 
  but come on - all these years of ... beeing britain . 
  it seems very unlikely , just like you said . 
  but on the other side i cant really imagine an eu without britain too . 
  who will always demand special treatment ? 
  who will always be potrayed as kind of passive aggressive in our media ? 
  and most importantly : who will properly criticise the bureaucratic , undemocratic moloch that the eu is ? 
  so many different outcomes ... and yet nothing i really like . 
  this will be mass effect all over again . 
  laughed way too hard at `` knee-deep in refugees '' . 
  and the 1968ers as well . 
  do n't forget the [ hippies ] ( http://www.welt.de/debatte/kommentare/article136464723/was-pegida-und-die-68er-gemeinsam-haben.html ) !, 
  i think its up to each individual person to decide if this goes too far or not . 
  but when i think of of many animated series and the amount of violence they displayed against prominent people ( including politicians ) its a bit biased . 
  movies , comics , books , video games ... you can consume the ugliest kinds of things and step by step western societies adapted to it without exaggerated censorship . 
  to me its just a symbol of how much many people disagree with merkels/gabriels current policies . 
  thats what media should also wonder about . 
  i surely can rest easy on that . 
  i 've seen fake gallows during protests as long as i can remember . 
  and some people pointed out that no one bothered about gallows during anti ttip protests a few days ago . 
  so its not as uncommon as the title suggests . 
  its more a political thing to cook up emotions against the restrengthening pegida movement . 
  edit : [ link ] ( http://www.rp-online.de/politik/deutschland/pegida-und-ttip-nach-galgen-sorgt-guillotine-fuer-empoerung-aid-1.5466488 ) about a gallow and a guillotine during anti ttip protests . 
  --  personally i 'm okay with both and to me it does n't really come across like an actuall call to kill those politicians ( which would be tempting , but still wrong ), 
  ever heard of the democratic legitimation chain concept ? 
  national parlaments derive their power to legislate from the fact that their members are elected by the public . 
  the government derives its democratic legitimacy from the laws made by the parliament and so on and so forth till the lady who gave you a ticket for false parking . 
  so - the various differences within every eu country who appoint whom aside - you can argue that the national institution with the biggest democratic legitimation is ( almost ) always the national parlament . 
  eu institutions derive their power from the national parlaments allowing them to make decisions on certain fields instead of themselves .
