this idea arised months ago in germany too . 
  but guess what : establishing refugee camps outside the eu was labeled as a populist right wing idea only nazis could possibly come up with . 
  reality has brought at least * some * humbleness to our government/media . 
  its hard to imagine with what kind of difficulties the eu border countries were left alone for so many years . 
  i hope you guys keep on taking a stance against the german hegemony within the eu . 
  because that kind of german behaviour is what i thought we really had overcome in the last 65 years . 
  i agree . 
  this sort of `` politics '' is just a shame . 
  but it is kind of merkels typical scheme . 
  before she was elected she was a strong supporter of nuclear energy ( for good reasons , she still is a graduated physicist obviously ) . 
  but after the fukushima partial meltdown she took a 180 degree turn . 
  and now we 're stuck with it . 
  i feel like the refugee crisis is fukushima all over again . 
  driven by the ridiculous one-sided left media she made big promises which our goverment is very unlikely to completely fulfill . 
  but - as an extra - this time we are forcing our european partners to do the same . 
  maybe i should emigrate to gb as long as its still possible / s, 
  always remember : `` multiculturalism has failed ! '', 
  - angela merkel 2010 [ source ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2010/oct/17/angela-merkel-german-multiculturalism-failed ), 
  [ everything you need to know about learning german ] ( http://german.about.com/library/blmtwain01.htm ) by mark twain . 
  i know the world will never understand the love russia and germany have . 
  but i know russia can change , you will see !, 
  just for clarification : there were about 1100 people protesting the day before . 
  during a wednesday morning there is usually not much going on in most german small towns . 
  for me its clearly italian . 
  dont understand a word but still : `` andiamo , fratello . 
  sounds beautiful . 
  well i havent thought of it that way . 
  considering that tsipras is hailed by the crowds and fighting dragons alongside varoufakis , they dont come across very evil to me . 
  but if you look at hollande portrayed as the loveable but not very powerful tyrion lannister its still controversial i guess . 
  edit : after looking him up you 're probably right . 
  tyrion lannister is portrayed by antonis samaras . 
  thank you < 3 i love france too . 
  our most important trade partner and also our most important partner within the eu . 
  and aside from that a great nation , with a beautiful language and culture . 
  non of the french people i 've ever met were rude . 
  thats something we germans could really learn from the french . 
  i like those two the best : vaim - vaimo \u00e4mm - \u00e4mm\u00e4 not so misleading after all . 
  i know nagging about the us is a hobby for many europeans . 
  but not everything the us does is pure evil . 
  keeping the oil flowing for example is something we heavily benefit from . 
  you mean that twitter account where he holds an ard micro ? 
  it is like a policemen wearing his uniform as participant on a political demo saying : `` i 'm here for private reasons '' . 
  thats nonsense . 
  you can be charged/get fired for harming your employer with private actions . 
  in every job . 
  not just political ones . 
  i did read the article . 
  he is an ard employee . 
  check his twitter for example . 
  to me this is an abuse of power given by the german public . 
  i dont want him to call the poles `` stupid '' . 
  thats embarassing and no way to behave at all . 
  edit : he even used the [ official ard website ] ( http://blog.tagesschau.de/2015/10/27/statement-zur-wahl-in-polen/ ) to justify his `` personal '' escapades . 
  so seriously arguing it has nothing to do with his job requires a lot of goodwill for insulting poles . 
  but once you fulfill public financed or other special/sensitive services , this can lead to certain obligantions in your private life too . 
  there are several professional groups like policemen , state employees and medicians who are subjects to such legally defined obligations . 
  nordics . 
  just what i would expect from a frisian . 
  but why switzerland ? 
  and what about england and the netherlands ? 
  to me frisians always came across like the most `` anglo '' german tribe there is . 
  you know with all the tea drinking . 
  italy . 
  south tyrol would be perfect . 
  of course the beautiful landscapes new zealand seem tempting too . 
  or romania maybe . 
  or chile . 
  been there . 
  is lovely too . 
  whats wrong with my country ? 
  where does this urge to dictate our policies to other countries come from ? 
  i mean everyone got their opinion . 
  great . 
  but at least public officials paid by everyone should remain as neutral as possible . 
  ( for those who do n't know : ard is the biggest public founded tv channel in germany ), 
  thanks < 3, 
  since i do n't follow british foreign policy on a regular basis i found this article to be very informative . 
  and on a side note : british newspapers never fail to brush up my vocabulary ... `` to embroil '' you got ta love em . 
  we really should n't rearm . 
  we would start ww3 the moment we 're done . 
  source : guardian comment section about every article about germany . 
  [ thats like one of those really slow theme park rides ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s3amjtgzyng ), 
  a bit unusual : just a tiny german flag on the table, 
  so once we officially start complaining about africa the way we do about the rest of developed world ... they 've made it ? 
  thats a good way to put it . 
  thank you . 
  but still i 'm pissed at merkel for not just overloading germany but continental europe as a whole with refugees . 
  her understanding with the vizegrad 4 stance luckily gets better with every migrant arriving . 
  to many west germans it is . 
  but i seriously wonder how much stereotypical stigmatisation has to do with it . 
  in the media east germans are often portrayed like that [ nasty girl from little britain ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ilka_bessin ) or some kind of white thrash ( so to say with anglo depictions ) . 
  once you live there for a while ... its kinda nice . 
  and of course as a new kid you have to adopt . 
  but this should happen by befriending others and as a result of a slow unconscious adaption . 
  not like to sort of survive your day of school . 
  it 's even a thing within germany . 
  i 'm a from western germany myself but lived in eastern germany ( jena ) for about two years . 
  while i was always treated very kindly you can not necessarily claim the same vice-versa . 
  for example during school we had one kid from saxony which often got mocked because of beeing from the former gdr and his saxon dialect . 
  a child from bavaria surely would n't have got mocked/bullied in such a mean way as many did with him .
