that route does n't seem very safe considering all the wildlife , mountains and winter . 
  syrians are very different from afghans and iraquis . 
  the former are more secular because of assad and the influence of lebanon and turkey while afghans think that something like bacha bazi is normal and a good thing . 
  [ they have all the right to not want to be put in the same bag as the latter . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f3/muslim_constitution_religion.png ), 
  yeah , they are kinda like us but the biggest difference is that our european culture serves as a filter , so even if we can be also intense we try to control ourselves many times because our western values teach emotional self-control . 
  they do n't have that since their values are different and in their case it encourages them to go all out and not second guessing . 
  well from my experience , middle eastern people are extremely dramatic , disorganized and emotionally intense . 
  the finns on the other hand are very calm , kinda slow , organized and to a person that does n't know them they come across as cold . 
  it 's just a matter of incompatible tastes . 
  i also feel like a fish out of water in nordic countries , but i can feel at home in italy or even western turkey . 
  if mediterranean cultures are already so different , it 's obvious that middle eastern ones will be even worse . 
  the culture shock must be enormous . 
  who would 've thought people do n't like to be threatened and called names ? 
  believe it or not , we 're pretty conservative compared to the rest of western europe . 
  something like that could only have been done if planned a long time ago . 
  now it 's too late , it 's like having been shot in a vital organ and trying to stop the bleeding with bandaids . 
   for fucks sake , maybe if we actually tried to settle people properly rather than stuffing them into way too tiny camps we would n't have had this fight . 
  i do n't think you understand the reality behind the numbers of people that are coming . 
  this is going to be very ugly . 
  there is probably close to a million people in that situation , most of fighting age and we saw yesterday in hungary how they get when they are mad . 
  i agree completely . 
  if the citizens of mena want european quality of life , we should establish safe zones there and give them the tools and ideas to create that lifestyle themselves . 
  not try to impose it on them , just give them the chance to do it for the people that want it . 
  they can say what they want about colonialism but europe helped mena a lot in the past and unlike the ottoman empire , european colonialism tried to bring european civilization to them . 
  they complain now about imperialism but when their countries fall apart they do n't think twice about running to us while at the same time blaming us for their own intolerance , tribal mentality and tribal conflicts . 
  there 's a reason the most successful middle eastern countries are those that embraced european ideals like turkey and lebanon ( at least used to be until islamism started to come back ) . 
  i would n't say this is a cultural issue , more a right vs left divide . 
  here in portugal people are very divided about this subject as well . 
  people forget that for integration to happen , the outsider has to be willing to be integrated . 
  forcing integration creates conflict and resentment . 
  have the eu leaders gone insane in these last few weeks ? 
  do they really think they 'll manage to get their way by threatening other countries ? 
  have you had any president like erdogan before ? 
  i mean i doubt the country will enter a civil war because everything is going according to erdogan 's plan . 
  obviously he 's the one that will win in the end . 
  the mhp voters and ultra-nationalists must be thinking of voting for him and chp voters that voted for hdp must be thinking twice now . 
  do you agree ? 
  also what 's the popular opinion about the ultra nationalists ? 
  they sound like a bloodthirsty group of psychos calling for genocide because they are bored . 
  and people forget that just a few weeks ago a massacre in a french train was avoided by pure luck of having military personnel there . 
  coupled with david cameron saying yesterday that 6 major terrorist attacks were intercepted by british police this year alone . 
  putin must be laughing his ass off . 
  europe fighting itself and undermining decades of negotiations because of hordes of economic migrants . 
  badly . 
  when the refugees get to germany and merkel starts deporting every non-syrian there 'll be riots . 
  add the fact that winter is coming and the realization that germany does n't have streets made of gold to the equation and honestly i ca n't see things ending peacefully . 
  in case you do n't know the red cross symbol in muslim countries is the crescent moon exactly because of this problem . 
  you 're comparing a situation when there 's hundreds of people wanting the same single thing with what happened in the video that is a couple of kids want something that they will get anyway , they just have to wait a few seconds . 
  they have no basic manners or politeness . 
  what you call manners or politeness are a western thing . 
  different cultures have different manners and their manners are what appears in the video . 
  you just need to go to morocco or egypt to see how everyone is so pushy and forceful . 
  it 's a sample . 
  sure probably they are not all like that , but these kids will be the future immigrant young adults . 
  do you think they 'll become indistinguishable from europeans over those years ? 
  source ? 
  you 're making stuff up in your head . 
  probably the parents are there , they just do n't give a damn if their kids are acting like that . 
  occam 's razor . 
  since when is common sense far-right ? 
  they are just complaining about the tents and we see the tents . 
  sure it 's not good to be cramped but it it would be delusional to think there 'd be a apartment block for thousands of people that come basically out of nowhere . 
  the problem here is that they have unrealistic expectations , not their conditions . 
  i think the context is pretty obvious . 
  it 's really sad to see a country that did so much to modernize and was at the doors of the european union regress because of erdogan 's actions . 
  trump seems to want to abandon japan , south korea , taiwan , europe and israel . 
  he is pretty isolationist and that would not be good for all the countries that always depended on usa . 
  cars do n't come after you to kill you on purpose . 
  the goverment that was in charge during that time was replaced by the opposition that is promising free stuff again . 
  i 'd add the massive brain drain and aging population , but they are not immediate crisis . 
  these are true refugees , everyone knows syria and iraq arent good place for 3000 year old statues to live in , it 's expected of them to run away . 
  facebook did n't die , facebook just became so symbiotic with our internet experience that we just do n't notice it anymore but it 's everywhere ( almost like google ) . 
  instagram and whatsapp belong to facebook , not to mention how many sites accept a facebook account to sign up . 
  facebook is becoming more and more an internet id card than dying or being just a social media fad . 
  cars do n't organize themselves or plan attacks . 
  that 's a false equivalence . 
  i think the reason hitler stands out is because he was more industrial in his way of commiting genocide . 
  well , it 's better for the country to have a language with a latin alphabet than having the greek one . 
  ultra-nationalists ( that unfortunately are n't so few ) do advocate genocide of kurds . 
  it seems to me that they are the ones helping the government out . 
  it seems to me it 's just a case of bad guy vs bad guy . 
  pkk must be finished but turkish nationalists and the government seem not to care about separating normal kurds from pkk . 
  people talk as if stopping a maniac with a knife is as easy as giving a parking ticket . 
  the only effective way of stopping someone that is deranged with a knife ( like most videos of the entifada show these people acting like ) is shooting them , anything else is putting the officer and other victims at risk . 
  poor guy , being made the scapegoat for the errors of politicians . 
  it 's disgusting how they blame the police for not being able to put up a fight with a thousand men . 
  or maybe they spoke in their usual broken english like they always do . 
  this is going to implode so badly ... how the fuck can someone ignore a situation like this ? 
  just blame a small number like a thousand of them . 
  this comes across as very self centered . 
  what if the middle east is unstable because of it 's mentality ? 
  the middle east will only evolve when they stop blaming everyone else and solve their own issues and the west stops meddling and acting as if it 's the messiah since they are only hindering any progress . 
  just like humans beings , cultures can only change when they decide to change by themselves . 
  nationalism is like the ego . 
  too much of it and you become an asshole , too little and you become a doormat . 
  what bothers me in this story is n't erdogan and friends acting like they always did , but how weak and wimpy europe has become . 
  countries normally are represented by the majority and the turkish majority stood by erdogan . 
  countries and populations are judged by it 's leaders all the time unless there 's a rebellion going on . 
  that 's really fucking worrysome .
