  probably they were going to use that ambulance for the aftermath of whatever they had planned . 
  she 's his mother . 
  do n't expect her to be reasonable and accept that her son is an horrible person, 
  by your logic if we try to do 20 pull ups and we ca n't but we try a next time and we can now do 10 but it 's still not 20 so we have to stop because it just does n't work and it 's a waste of time and energy . 
  seriously i do n't understand this kind of mentality . 
  i 'm going to extrapolate a bit but this normal kind of logic is : no surveillance but we still should open the borders even further because if we have already a few terrorists it 's okay to open the door to everyone . 
  did you know that in the united kingdom just this year foiled [ 50 ] ( https://www.google.pt/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=7&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=0cfeqfjagahukewioh-d0npljahxh0xokhxf6ake&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.bbc.co.uk%2fnews%2fuk-england-london-33417300&amp;usg=afqjcnfjonmmwx5fg2voc7xz4rhc6wdeja&amp;sig2=mpdmwnod_h7zkhqalavqfa ) attacks on the uk since 7/7 thanks to surveillance ? 
  it has a limit of course , especially when borders are treated as irrelevant . 
  your problem and the people that share the same mindset is that you are so sheltered you take security for granted . 
  because any kind of right-wing opinion is wrong and dumb by default / s, 
  that is n't portugal . 
  besides i 'm not saying the country itself is depressing , we have lots of potential but we do n't use it or we use it in a very inefficient way . 
  and that is depressing . 
  i spent some time living in germany , and when i came back i was really depressed because of the lack of german perfectionism . 
  i still miss how everything is so clean , symmetrical , efficient and how things actually work as expected . 
  this tbh . 
  the whole left just made a big mistake by teaming up like this . 
  they are coming across as a bunch of power hungry rabid dogs , they are going to lose a lot of votes because of this . 
  erdogan 's wife always seems to be in perpetual suffering . 
  she never has a pleasant expression , it seems like she 's always clenching her butt . 
  it 's not just because muslim . 
  what we 're afraid of is the extremism that seems to accompany it . 
  your country seemed to be okay but after all these years it 's starting to islamize again , it 's this the problem we europeans have with islam , it has the tendency to be a slippery slope . 
  absolutely . 
  it would n't surprise me if the eu one day in the future ( if some miracle happens and everyone starts getting along ) accepted the whole mediterranean region and middle east . 
  after all the middle east is still considered more `` western '' than `` eastern '' . 
  * `` let 's work together towards a turkey where conflict , tension and polarization are non-existent and everyone salutes each other in peace . 
  '' * that sounds very ... intimidating . 
  just leave man . 
  seriously even though you guys might think we europeans do n't like turks that much , we just do n't like the type of turk that probably is the akp voter , you liberal turks do n't deserve this kind of shit , just leave as soon as you can , as long as you share our values you are welcome anywhere in europe . 
  she 's going to be in the history books alright , as part of the problem that ruined sweden . 
  seriously this pathological altruism has to be some kind of mental disease . 
  we 're lucky that most people are waking up and only germany and sweden are openly indulging in this collective madness . 
  in 2011 psd * won * the election with a minority , it 's a very different situation . 
  the rest of your argument i do n't know what to say , it 's just a matter of opinion . 
  my opinion is that what you think it 's better is just complicating a very obvious and simple matter just for the sake of `` winning '' , something you said does n't matter . 
  the `` good president '' part i had edited out because i misunderstood you the first time . 
  a good president in my opinion makes the choice that is the simplest and more efficient and that is what he has done , there 's no way you can prove that a coalition between ps , pcp and be , three parties that never ever had an agreement in anything , have antagonistic goals and actively attack each other could ever be better than psd+cds that always were united . 
  cavaco is known for being horrible at speeches , but that 's irrelevant . 
  during the elections the parties of the left were not in a coalition and adding to that they hate each others guts . 
  it would be a recipe for chaos . 
  why would the president choose a unstable coalition over a minority goverment by a coalition that is stable , won the election and was already on control for a few years ? 
  the left is very wrong in this . 
  i voted in a left-wing party but if i knew this coalition was coming after the election , supposedly in my name and other voters , i would have voted for the right wing coalition . 
  the telegraph is pushing an agenda , there 's no other explanation for a second article with this kind of narrative . 
  nothing special happened here , everything was solved accordingly to the constitution and the votes of the people . 
  most of the people here were mad with what the leftists were doing , misusing their votes , not the decision of the president . 
  that 's the cherry on top . 
  ps and the far-left parties have n't agreed to anything yet . 
  they are so antagonistic to each other that they ca n't even reach any congruent agreement other than `` we 'll do a coallition if it puts us in power '' . 
  be and pcp never ever give constructive ideas or truces . 
  they are very toxic , their whole political career is based on name calling with such frequency we 'd think they are still in middle-school , that 's why it 's foreseeable that nothing good will ever come from them . 
  they wo n't stop hammering how they want portugal out of the euro and nato without acknowledging the damage it would do to our country . 
  i voted ps . 
  i did n't vote pcp nor b.e. 
  nor a coallition with them . 
  i 'm really mad and disappointed that ps stooped so low with their hunger for power . 
  the president made the right call . 
  if they wanted to do a coallition with be and pcp they should 've done it before the elections . 
  next time i wo n't vote for the left anymore , they just showed that they are willing to do anything for power even ally themselves with two demented far-left parties that never say anything constructive . 
  if everyone hates you maybe there 's a reason ? 
  everybody makes fun/says shit about somebody else , the difference between you and the others is that turks are extremely sensitive . 
  i can say shit about brazil to a brazilian and he 'll say shit back about portugal but we always keep it in a friendly rivalry level . 
  if you say it to a turk , he 'll deeply resent you and become angry and defensive . 
  that 's what i 've experienced with turks . 
  simple banter even sometimes is enough . 
  i think it 's a cultural problem , islam does n't tolerate any kind of criticism and even though you turks are secular you still maintain some behaviours . 
  that 's why we europeans are very careful about including you in the eu , it 's not because of unfounded racism like you guys believe , it 's because of your attitude . 
  i remember a tunisian friend of mine used to get really offended just because people found it surprising that tunisia had vineyards , like really offended and hateful because of it . 
  turks are not as extreme , but they still have this kind of narcissistic rage . 
  the nationalists were cheering for a kurdish genocide a few weeks ago in a istanbul rally . 
  i do n't understand the surprise . 
  well , i hope this catches on . 
  if only these people had the funds saudi arabia has ... 
  that sounds like multiculturalism done right tbh . 
  that sounds really noble and right , but what would these alternatives be ? 
  besides what genocide are you talking about ? 
  assad bombing rebels ? 
  many of these so called rebels like al-nusra probably act the same way hamas does , hiding behind civilians and then calling the international media to watch . 
  what you said is true , but you think it 's better to just let is act as it wants ? 
  russia is right in this , without assad syria will get even worse . 
  people act as if the other rebels are the good guys , but the strongest syrian rebels after is is al-nusra . 
  assad is a necessary evil just like gaddafi was . 
  well it seems that erdogan first came for the gulenists , now the kurds . 
  only the kemalists remain . 
  and the ultra-nationalists but those are probably fans of fascism anyway . 
  you know it to be true , why do you get so mad about it ? 
  for some reason there 's a crime called insulting turkishness . 
  the way i stereotyped turks i can do the same for every other country . 
  we might not like some stereotypes but most of the times they are rooted in truth . 
  no he 's not stupid , but he 's obviously deranged and a megalomaniac . 
  if he threatens to send all refugees to europe just because of the visas imagine what he 'll come up with this . 
  he shot down a russian jet jeoparding all the russian relations just because he wanted to play tough guy , he antagonized some arab nations because of his support of the muslim brotherhood , he 's managing to ruin all of turkey 's alliances all by himself . 
  you obviously do n't know how the average turk thinks . 
  pride over anything else , even if it hurts them . 
  lobotomy . 
  considering that they are counting the disappearance of `` child '' migrants makes me skeptical about the validity of the data . 
  it puts in perspective how dumb and uninformed many articles written by the mass media are . 
  i understood that after i started reading the travel articles about portugal made by bbc . 
  it 's fucking atrocious , it 's so shallow , superficial and fake that i 'm sure the person that wrote that either never came to portugal or if he came he just made small talk with some portuguese people and then filled the rest of the article with the usual stereotypes .
