  so was russian before nationalist movement of the 1800 's . 
  the court & aristocracy language of czars , dukes & boyars was german , latin or french . 
  is that something like slovenian variant of cortado ? 
  ahem ... that 's 2-3 mugs in the morning , 2-3 cups at first coffee break , 2 at midday after lunch , 2-3 at the afternoon coffee break and then 2-3 mugs when you get home before supper time . 
  get in with the program . 
  obviously you 're unaware that espresso has less caffeine than light roast because it 's practically burned in roasting and caffeine breaks in high heat . 
  well most do n't `` get '' the java coffee cup-logo 's connection to javanese coffee which is the cheap indonesian robusta blend sold as `` quality '' coffee to americans . 
  give me a sec , imma go get my third mug so i can wake up properly . 
  that concrete pier by the house looks just perfect for dragging down a case of beer , beach chair and a fishing rod for lazy afternoon . 
  yep , the equation of nuclear level internet meltdown . 
  the germans managing to take & occupy even parts of actual moscow ( and not just out laying towns/suburbs ) could have had a huge propaganda value for the germans . 
  moscow still is also the centre of russian railway network , so ... 
  i do n't know but it could have been a decisive victory hitler . 
  they did . 
  what stopped the germans were the logistical problems and gigantic minefields surrounding moscow more than anything else ... stalin had already packed his bags and was chucking on rails to siberia when he heard the great news that german offensive had halted and quicly ordered the train to turn around so he could lie to the masses about being present the whole time ... 
  charming little car is n't it ? 
  love the ` hooligan parking ' at the end of a steeply inclined road . 
  looks like pierre came home drunk from the taverna last night ... 
  damn that v at the end of vastuv is hurting my vovel harmony so much . 
  do not worry comrade , our section is right on schedule . 
  in fact we should be reaching the next five-year plans monthly quota with the next thread about trump . 
  you know social - socialist , what 's the big deal man ? 
  same euro shit . 
  they 're all commies anyways , right ? 
  the only major city not sacked by the swedes at least once was brno because it 's walls were on solid bed rock foundation and thus impossible to be sapped during siege ... 
  an ugly affair from all sides , that war was . 
  yes , swedish troops raided bohemia alone so heavily that it literally took them over 50 years after the war to recover ... 
  more like the biggest fleece ... to me the whole thing reads as let 's make the numbers too small , get more funding until it 's too big to fail and then give the real figures needed to finish it . 
  yeah , frenchies event went as far as outright declaring `` we 'll make your eu-application fail if you do n't buy our planes '' to our representatives . 
  it used to be popular because quality timber was becoming scarce in central europe as the larger-sized lumber was needed to build ships but clay was common . 
  still , beautiful little town . 
  would love to visit sometime . 
  that 's easy to arrange ... leave the guy without food & and insulin for a day or more . 
  probably because their guns got raided at spain recently ... / s, 
  they had great unions until 70 's when nixon purposefully destroyed them with the help of big business . 
  we live in interesting times indeed ... let 's hope they do n't get much more from this . 
  anti-semitism and racial eugenics were a big thing back in the 40 's even without the nazi promulgation . 
  and poles back then were no more ` immune ' to it than anyone else as much as we 'd like to think otherwise . 
  speaking of theresa may ... 
  is n't it kind of ironic that thatcher took british to eu and may is taking them out . 
  some kind of wider autonomy ala \u00c5land might actually work better for scotland than full independence considering how intertwined scottish and british economies are . 
  i have a suspicion that she 's savvy enough to realize that if she would outright say she wants to block the referendum , there would be a huge wave of protest votes for `` free scotland '' - option . 
  pretty much leading to exact opposite of her wishes . 
  postponing the voting a year or two by technicalities though ... 
  it might actually work for her by letting time ( and brexit ) to cool the emotions around the issue . 
  urbino i.e a town called town ... 
  ancient people were n't always that creative , i guess . 
  well , problem with many of these volcanoes is ; the volcanic ash is very fertile and as such almost irresistible for farmers and good crops tends to attract people to farm it , people make villages and villages grow to towns ... 
  i.e against himself . 
  last i checked turkey still at least nominally an european nation and the only totalitarian euro fascist aside from putin is erdo himself . 
  i love you trolls , you 're pretty predictable you know ? 
  if you ca n't accept something you immediately start clamouring for `` evidence '' in hopes of discouraging discussion or to divert it . 
  but i 'm nice and educated finn unlike your usual opponents so i 'll kindly back my claims with this article site [ here ] ( http://www.armenian-genocide.org/genocidefaq.html ) which you can now go to discredit all you want . 
  i feel no need to offer further links which you can easily find for example by googling armenian + genocide + casualties/figures . 
  happy eye-opening onceuponacrime1, 
  are you purposefully dense ? 
  the 2 million includes the ones that were n't killed but fled to greece , georgia & armenia . 
  the actual estimated population loss is around 2.5-3 .0 million depending on whom you ask , since you like to act like you do n't know the figures . 
  well , ofc they did . 
  suddenly when over 2 million people leave their fields and towns to fallow , damn straight the kurds seized the opportunity to claim the land . 
  they 'd been idiots for not taking what was offered on the silver platter . 
  like i said , ironic . 
  you used the kurds to get rid of one ` problem ' and now you ca n't get rid of kurds who 've become a ` problem ' . 
  it 's like the brits paying for indians to get rid of cobras until they found out that the indians were breeding them to be killed ... 
  so brits stopped paying and the indians released their thousands of captive cobras and now there were thousands more cobras in the area than had been before the brits started their ` extermination ' campaign . 
  nature abhors a vacuum and so do people . 
  you know what 's even more ironic ... 
  they now have their `` kurdish problems '' that stems directly from the massacre and forced relocations of armenians and greeks from central and eastern turkey . 
  it seems like the turks never learn . 
  and erdogan calls other people nazi ... while his own supporter groups seem to collect nothing but racist , religious , and the ultra nationalists . 
  talk about pot calling the kettle black , i say . 
  haha !, 
  sick burn mate . 
  maybe someone finally has the `` bright idea '' and they set the tulip fields on fire ? 
  `` hilly billy '' or `` yokel '' might work then . 
  and since when a functional democracy has being a requirement for a military alliance ? 
  i wonder where the maker found that 4 taloned lion when it 's supposed have 3 https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/ae/coat_of_arms_of_finland.svg/220px-coat_of_arms_of_finland.svg.png the one in the picture looks even more retarded then usual . 
  edit : no wait ... 
  it 's the same fucking lion in each of them wtf artist ? 
  yep , and it would be the largest fresh water lake in the world and there would n't be a single fish living there ... 
  imagine that . 
  the skit about local zoo being the best hunting ground for safari has been around for ages but ... 
  i honestly never thought that someone would have the audacity to go and actually do it . 
  the more cloth and the more garish/bright colors and patterns = the more wealth is in display . 
  also called the ` sun wheel ' and it 's a traditional symbol for divinity , good luck and rebirth for the hindus which is why hitler lifted it to be used with his own `` special branch of aryanism '' . 
  well , in finnish kaelkirjak would be `` kirjokaula '' which does n't sound that weird to me . 
  because those strawberries are grown out doors about 300km 's away and only available on season ? 
  that kind of tends to hike the prices quite a bit . 
  but you can get the cheap & watery & frozen spanish ones year around though from supermarkets . 
  that 's because these ` covered ' markets were the precursors of supermarkets . 
  in essence a supermarket has the same principle except that it does n't have each vendor selling his own wares at the aisles . 
  actually ... 
  there was plenty of ` physical coercion ' towards correct behavior if an inmate started ` acting up ' and very little oversight for the guards as was typical at the time ... kuritushuonerangaistus meant harsh rules with harsh penalties for breaking any of them . 
  think guards acting like full metal jacket 's trainer . 
  but you had a choice in the matter about whee to spend your jail time ... logging camps at siberian wilds , the notorious iron mines of russar\u00f6 or the aforementioned hardened punishment , most took the hardened punishment option . 
  unlike in america where cops in some states actually stop you for questioning if they see you jogging or cycling at downtown ... 
  never did notice that you can see the `` welfare gap '' between finland and russia at night too ... 
  no wonder the text turned in to a weird feminist rant towards the end . 
   glosswitch is a feminist mother of three who works in publishing . 
  east karelian republic was a nominal state for about 8-9 months around 1919-1921 before red forces quelled the russian white-side and english ( tsarist ) backed movement but the rest ...
