  that map is n't accurate . 
  the land below arctic circle is mostly arable , it just lacks motivation from russian people to actually do it . 
  all this mess could have been avoided if romania and bessarabia would have just united 25 years ago , like east and west germany did in -89 . 
  let 's not forgot how the brits invented concentration camps to annihilate the boor resistance by starving their women and children in camps . 
  not in finland anyway , since it 's always over 90 % humidity here year round . 
  i have a feeling that would work better as a raised platform on poles placed on a roadplane divider then as actual road surface . 
  dunno about the rest but `` die eisen frau '' was my favorite from the list of european leaders . 
  they are protected because they were among the very first concrete element suicide cubes ever built in finland, 
  depends on a dialect i suppose . 
  those flats are called ` suicide cubes ' for a reason after all . 
  you mean the genocide in ethiopia with mustard gas that made the american agent orange operations in vietnam pale in comparison and scale ? 
  [ fado ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v_2fyb4dj4u ), 
  not only that but in the old days everyone had lots of money but nothing to buy in stores except the left pair of boot to complement the right side pair you got for christmas last year . 
  today they have no money but have just about anything under the sun available - except that it 's only for the few , the rich and the bold who indeed have money and feel no shame in pointing out this fact . 
  no wonder soviet times sound better to many . 
  which makes it a very good chance that it 's not there anymore ... 
  though i do n't really see any good reason for the u.s government to elaborate such a ruse in the first place . 
  it could have made more sense in the 70 's when world currencies were still mostly based on the value of gold & silver inside their vaults . 
  has anyone visited reagan 's grave lately ? 
  i bet the daisies are swinging like crazy from all the spinning he must be making ... 
  often forgotten fact that immediately explains why hitler was so keen to annex all of czechoslovakia after the sudetenland . 
  nothing like having more than 40 % of worlds arms exports under your control when you 're preparing for war . 
  if you want to be more pedantic it 's used in the correction calculation that keeps the satellites in place at their orbits . 
  since when has china bombed anything in the last 30 years ? 
  yes , they 're major power too but with bigger markets and more wealthy consumers and neither one is right behind the border , rattling their sabers . 
  as fun little trivia , gps satellites are the only commercially viable application that relies on einsteins relativity theory . 
  a matter of perspective , really . 
  what 's our backyard is his kingdom . 
  and putin can stay in his kreml dog house at the yard . 
  or pay big enough bribes to bailee and have some nice discussions at his big dazha , hunting deer and drinking vodka to the wee hours ? 
  like was done in the `` good old red days '' . 
  but ofc . 
  they 're hotly denying anything to do with any foreign organizations because then they would be closed down for sure as `` foreign agenda '' . 
  it 's a religious nutjob , there 's nothing to `` understand '' with those people ... only faith , blind faith . 
  i seem to keep confusing burg , berg and borg ... 
  not to my knowledge and even kaleva is rarely used anymore and mostly lives on as the male name kalevi . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong but is n't that something like black mountain ? 
  interestingly kaleva and kalev in finnish and estonian means great or heroic ... 
  i do n't think great or heroic buck would go too far from the roots . 
  oh , i thought it was just the name of that norwegian ` church burner metal ' band ... 
  actually it 's christmas she-goat and specifically the one you actually milk btw . 
  pukki is the male breeding goat . 
  in otherwords under communism poles became as poor as the jews had been before the war ... what comes around and all that / s, 
  it 's not like you ca n't shower with the fish in the tub ... 
  it would probably be kind of weird but it 's doable . 
  good thing that carp ca n't survive in finland then , we already have literally millions of tons of ` waste fish ' dragged out every year from the lakes which are then basically processed for mink food at the fur farms because nobody wants to eat [ s\u00e4rki ] ( https://fi.wikipedia.org/wiki/s%c3%a4rki ) , [ suutari ] ( https://fi.wikipedia.org/wiki/suutari_ ( kala ) , [ kiiski ] ( https://fi.wikipedia.org/wiki/kiiski ) or [ pasuri ] ( https://fi.wikipedia.org/wiki/pasuri ) . 
  well his legs are still there , lol , so not only a photoshop but a badly botched photoshop . 
  it 's been record warm in finland as well for two years in row now . 
  relatively ? 
  that helm dude 's frickin ' shin and knee are still there . 
  this is like among the shittiest 3min photoshops i 've ever seen in a professional journalism . 
  in fact it 's so poor that i have to doubt the premise of this whole thread . 
  and guess what 's the most common claim that `` waaagghhh !, 
  we have to slash wages and get more subsidiaries !, 
  or all business goes to china ! '', 
  - industry lobbyists in finland cite as their number one reason for the layoffs and pay cuts while also screaming how everywhere else in europe wages ar so much lower ? 
  meanwhile r/suomi stays strictly neural because they have no idea of what the heck is going on but decide to start weekly threads in r/russia, 
  it was in fact part of the `` great soviet strategy '' . 
  soviets had a twin five year plan in process around -85 ' where they declared their plans of increasing soviet unions share in finnish export from 63 % to up to 90 % of total exports by the end of the decade ... 
  i can only say , thank god they never succeeded because can you think of what kind of political hammer that would have been had soviet union never collapsed . 
  and there was much rejoicing all across the lands of europe . 
  you need starchy potatoes and temperature must be right between 55 - 75c for minimum of 4 hours as per the recipe . 
  your 50c is too low for the mash to sweeten since sweetening is based on chemistry . 
  bj\u00f6rneborg dialect though it has pretty much died out since all the swedes were pretty much driven out in the civil war and only very old people would talk like that now but some of the swedish loans still remain . 
  pretty much though shephard pie is n't made from minced meat or is it ? 
  ` hantaaki ' is one loan word in my old local dialect which has a heavy swedish influence also ` kraana ' and of c. ` venttiili ' for technical use . 
  which in finnish is sometimes `` hanikka '' ( handle ) or `` hana '' ( a tap ) never though that it would be a swedish loan . 
  would n't surprise if it were something like lunch ladle . 
  or that there is n't enough room at sauna bench . 
  probably based on french saucichon which is a raw sausage stuffed into `` natural intestine '' and then cooked or roasted . 
  normally those would be made into weeners but if you do n't knot & cut them to palm length it looks like that . 
  but if we 're happy we 're not finns . 
  to be a finn is to be miserably melancholic except when drunk ... 
  looks like ` lihaperunasoselaatikko ' which is minced meat with mashed potatoes baked in oven . 
  ** peel potatoes , boil in non salted water , save the water , crush the potatoes ; show them no mercy . 
  let it cool slightly warmer then hand , thin with 2-3dl of potato boiling water , mash must be 55 - 75c for sweetening to happen , add half of the flours and mix even . 
  put the mash in 60c oven and add rest of the fours after 1/2 an hour , leave in oven for 3-4h , should be turned to runny and sweet . 
  add enough milk to mix to turn it in to a loose porridge , add salt and syrup to taste . 
  fill in the oven dish only to half way to avoid frothing over the sides , put a few globs of butter on top of you so like . 
  bake in 150c oven for 2-3h, 
  recipe for imelletty perunalaatikko courtesy of [ martat ] ( http://www.martat.fi/ruoka/reseptit/imelletty-perunalaatikko/ ) very traditional including the making time of roughly 8 hours of which 7 in the oven . 
  that 's not strictly true . 
  even though scandinavia did n't have specialized schools for lawyers , it did have its own share of career lawyers just like any european nations in the form of career judges and lawmen who precised the law in higher matters while fines and lesser crimes were often handled by the local bi-yearly thinget . 
  one of the oldest written judges guidelines in finland was written by olaus petri from around the 16th century - mik\u00e4 ei ole kohtuus , ei voi olla laki ; what is not appropriate can not be the law . 
  in essence ; the court is not a vehicle for personal vengeance but for proper and lawful punishment . 
  kind of an odd case in that the shooter did n't even try to escape ( just sat in his car waiting for the police to arrive ) and wanted to shoot ( seemingly ) only those three women not just any women or more just those three . 
  well be hearing possibly after tomorrow what his motives were . 
  political violence is very rare in finland i ca n't remember the last serious incidence where someone actually murdered a politician on purpose aside from [ eugen_schauman ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eugen_schauman ) killing [ bobrikov ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nikolay_bobrikov ) edit : as of yesterday we know know that : - the shooter stopped shooting because he ran out of bullets - the gun was an ordinary ( and registered ) hunting rifle that he had stolen from the owner along with the ammunition . 
  - shooter had a previous conviction of assaulting with a deadly weapon . 
  - shooter had mental problems related to be being displaced from society among other things but is legally sane ie . 
  he is aware and in control of his actions . 
  - shooting has ** no political or other clear motives ** , the shooter just shot the first ones that came out from the restaurant and ( luckily ) ran out of bullets otherwise there would likely be even more victims . 
  - shooter has refused to speak to the police about the incident . 
  note all the ruskies at the finnish border . 
  there were practically none there before the wars . 
  soviets had to think something fast since for some odd reason almost nobody in karelia was particularly keen to stay in their wonderful new soviet karelian republic and rather moved behind the western side of the new border in mass exodus once the ww-ii was over . 
  foxcon used to make majority of the parts for nokia for a long time after they had bought the finnish company that used to make them and moved the production to taiwan & china . 
  the phones were just assembled in finland . 
  and the few gypsies who try to go against the grain are often expelled from community and disavowed by their families ... 
  the problem is that while this kind of insularity worked fine a century ago to protect their roaming-based culture and values , it does n't work in today 's europe to travel around for work or to willingly separate yourself from society .
