it 's not that far fetched as italin maf did move sheeps from one pasture to another to fraud agricultural benefits from eu-supervisors . 
  i still have a 40 something year old radio that has proudly on big letters ` made in east-germany ' , it 's a mono radio having only one speaker on it though . 
  speaking of languages during the cold war one of our prime or foreign ministers ( ca n't remember who ) forgot to mention his soviet hosts that he also speaks fluent russian ... 
  when he happened to mention this to his hosts ( as they already had had an interpretor for him for a quite some time ) it is told that the soviets were less then impressed . 
  also people dislike stubb because unlike your usual finnish politicians his very slick ( as in us politician slick ) in comparison and being that slick in these parts is usually reserved for frauds and used car sales men . 
  so a boy meets a girl , they have a great time together and they pair up in 33 of 100 , sounds about what you might expect . 
  a few ~ ~ days ~ ~ years on ~ ~ a gulag ~ ~ any russian prison will certainly make it to feel like an eternity , though . 
  well i can imagine that circling around russian media considering the governments constant scaremongering rhetoric about `` fascists '' in ukraine . 
  anyway it 's not kalashnikovs they sell but some critical parts to rocket 's and other stuff that russians ca n't make on their own . 
  of c. it 's absurd to think that western leaders did n't know about the convoys from russia , instead they decided to let reporters to know about it ` first ' so that it would seem like a more legit information . 
  both sides use propaganda russian version is just blatantly more obvious and not even hidden . 
  [ lihapiirakka ] ( http://www.sepengrilli.fi/annokset.html ) for finland as evidenced here at sepen grilli and of c. pulla . 
  lol , pot calling the kettle black i 'd say . 
  just look at putin 's fanbase of youngsters singing putin praising rock songs and organizing similar events . 
  not really , more like it 's cool and edgy to bash it because of what it looks . 
  speaking of english breakfast what with the ~ ~ obsession ~ ~ fetish for half baked eggs ? 
  even on a sandwich from a street cart i got an egg that was only fried from one half so that i ended with egg yolk all over my hands . 
  : s also grease on those half fried eggs , so much that i had to really make on effort to get those stay on a plate ... 
  mashed potatoes with some cooked cabbage ? 
  sure i 'll give that a try though i usually eat my cabbage separately as a side salad . 
  it 's like the tactic is spewing so much crap that when eventually something unspeakable yet true events get on the air everyone just shrugs it off as a propaganda and lies . 
  edit : like for example that urethane in the female genitals thing if actually would happen , how would you know it 's happened for real and not just some hateful propaganda ? 
  and i believe that 's the goal here ; make the news so unreliable that they can not be trusted anymore if they happen to slip from the party line while also eroding their power in the eye 's of the public . 
  edit 2 : and when people can not trust the news they get confused on what to trust and when general public gets confused they are very susceptible to be manipulated in rallying behind ` the one truth ' told by a powerful authority figure ( s ) . 
  consequently it 's also a reason why countries like pk or other dictatorships and most intelligence services attempt to restrict / influence so heavily on free / unrestricted information . 
  all things considered hitler should had applied to a theater instead of fine arts school since he clearly had an aptitude for drama and great charisma . 
  well thats quite a different experience i had when dining at a pub though that one was the 9th best food service in all of britain 's pubs so maybe it had something to do with it . 
  then again there was also plenty enough of those greasy `` drinking houses '' with that icky dance floor that one ever used for actual dancing . 
  indeed it does and some people ( still ? ), 
  bitch about it when you use ` keli ' instead of 's \u00e4\u00e4 ' when referring to overall weather as seen from the window . 
  why is it that each time i hear `` golden dawn '' mentioned i first think of terrorists or some other religious nut jobs ? 
  women are n't part of the human race more like a furniture where babies come out so ... / s, 
  i assume it 's because if they would kill jews then israel would get involved and they do n't want that as israel is the only one with actually working and modern army in the middle east also israel has the big brother us as it 's backing . 
  though any sensible jew in the middle east departed to israel as soon as fighting started . 
  helping syria would be an obvious way of getting back that old ussr influence in the middle east and well frankly it seems that it has to be that way since those people obviously ca n't keep the place civil without a packing of one of the major powers . 
  they obviously keep it in check by shooting protesters in sight but since it 's the only thing that has worked in the past then so be it . 
  difference being that without the wars hussein 's regime would had gassed the isis like it did for kurdis , though it 's said that the isis is actually a creation of ex-iraq generals so maybe we would n't even have isis had us not attacked iraq . 
  fire was a common hazard in cities with wooden houses my hometown has burned to the ground 9 times since it 's founding 1550 . 
  in the case of russia they had none so stealing machinery was an obvious option . 
  well if it was n't fantastic or you had too much worries they would send you to summer camp in siberia . 
  average russian soldier was n't the brightest of the lot back then . 
  in finland they broke floors on the houses with the assumption that there must be gold because floors were so high and never even bothered to fix the hole they made living in the draft instead . 
  reason is of c. that only a commie peasant ruskie would be stupid enough to put his wooden floor against ground when winter comes instead of raising it up and putting insulation below the floor thus creating a double insulation ( air and saw dust ) . 
  nah , they just send him to gitmo where he dies in an accident by drowning that poor boy just loved to surf and swim all day long ... 
  you know what 's a different between a closed refugee camp and a concentration camp ? 
  you do n't get gassed . 
  according to wiki only 14 people since 1875 have actually died from a viper bite . 
  only castle left near where i live is in turku . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turku_castle the building is owned and maintained by the finnish state and is entrusted to the use of the city of turku . 
  the castle functions in its entirety as a historical museum as part of the turku provincial museum . 
  in the main part of the castle are banquet rooms for the city of turku , a church for the local congregation and also restaurants in both the main castle and the bailey . 
  today the castle is once more experiencing a heyday as it has achieved the status of being one of finland 's most visited museums . 
  reminds me of an anecdote ( from a few years back ) about a german guy buying a cheap mercedes from the romanian state owned car dealership , drove it back to germany to discover on the border that the car he had bought was in fact stolen ... 
  a 185m2 house located on a 1,5 hectar lot , a garage to house up to 4 cars ( 2 inside 2 under roof ) and a heated separate storage building at the yard . 
  this they really should put some speed on that unification of the capital area but all the rich evading taxes while working in hel would have to flee from kauniainen . 
  i 'm starting to believe that part of reasons for this new russian arsenal popping up is to test them in actual but controlled combat situations that is roll em into front line and see what happens . 
  not different to what us does each time it has a major campaign going on though us at least admits when it commits troops on large scale invasions . 
  you have to think of everything in a system where [ quantum tunnelling ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/quantum_tunnelling ) is a real concern . 
  max thickness tested is 250mm on the video and experience from working on construction sites tells me that filling those walls from a bucket is anything but fast unless you ignore scraping those balls from the floor back to bucket with a shovel . 
  finland : personal trainer , bathroom renovation , passport and taxi in that order . 
  you forgot dunkerque where hitler ordered his generals to allow 100 000 allied soldiers to escape . 
  hitler did this and many other stupid stunts ( such as not allowing to leave from stalingrad when they could ) to show that he was in charge of the war not his generals . 
  german would had easily won the war had their leader stayed in politics instead of dabbling with important military matters . 
  hey 20 years ago it was even illegal to go to another table then your own ( without notifying the staff first ) with or without drinks in hand !, 
   :( try fitting drinks for everyone around the laws like that . 
  first of all what was said in the grand comittee meeting was not to be told outside aside from the actual resolution , so papers are pulling headlines out of their asses at this point . 
  jesus that man is a swine . 
  fun part is that ottoman empire was actually very secular society , more then even modern arab states or turkey . 
  nope we sold out tar to swedes in stockholm ( monopoly as decreed by the king ) and they sold that tar to england and other foreign powers , so it 's swedes who should be sorry not us . 
  well it 's kinda obvious to israelis that they ca n't milk that cow forever , especially since it 's already 70-years from the beginning of ww2 . 
  those monuments and the optimism for the future they present are about the only good things that came out from communism . 
  that image is so out of focus that it looks like an oil painting when you zoom in . 
  which of c. means that it 's not illegal from the perspective of the us law to test , merely a middle finger for the rest of the countries that have signed and ratified the treaty . 
  the treaty handles atmospheric testing , though i could be wrong . 
  was it only last week in the news about some environmentalists asking/demanding/begging for us not to test their latest nukes on some reef in the pacific ? 
  oh that was n't because you were beaten in school by the teachers for speaking irish , well ok , that 's cool . 
  well the world needs a lingua franca anyway so it might as well be english . 
   a 12-year-old boy who suffered a broken jaw when he was hit by its trunk . 
  well i knew that an elephant can lift logs and stuff with it 's trunk but somehow i 've always missed that it could also be used as a weapon . 
  problem is that many times that aid does n't go for the need but to corruption and crime ie . 
  people start peddling free clothing and food at the markets and so forth and sometimes aid convoys are even robbed for monetary gains . 
  and one case has 24cans so 3 cases and you 've already made ` profit ' even if you would drink some on your way home . 
  and the idiots at social board are like `` omg omg they all go to estonia for beer , why is that ? '', 
  and naturally they also assume that everyone drinks the whole load in one go . 
  ferry is 60 $ on both ways and a 0.33 l beer can costs 1,50 $ / can in finland and 0.33 e/can in estonia , do the math . 
  was at work in britain for a few months and the driving culture at the boonies there ( 20miles from london ) was insane but worst surprise was the 4 roundabouts in a maze like formation with 2 meters high hedges on each side of the ( ridiculously narrow ) road so that the effect was like driving in a tunnel made of bushes . 
  the locals ? 
  they did n't give a fuck they just drove past 80km/h no matter the time of day or if they even had a smallest inkling of seeing what was around the corner such a pedestrians crossing ... 
  this is `` kurkku m\u00e4t\u00e4 '' or `` throat rot '' for finns . 
  from the article i gather that those black holes would be too tiny exist for long but they would result on explosion worth of 87kgs of tnt . 
  so if you hear a big bang from cern you know they 've made a one . 
  what purge ? 
  i do n't hang around this sub all the time , so what 's this ? 
  also french was de facto diplomatic language until the 1st and 2nd world wars ( especially 2nd ) when english took over in diplomatic circles . 
  where i live in finland max payment after deductions for a full daycare is 254 $ / month and costs that go less then 23 $ / month after deductions are not even charged ( actual paper on how costs are determined is 3 pages long so pardon me if i do n't quote it fully here ) . 
  2000 $ / month is a median for 2 children in decent daycare in silicon valley that was quoted on newspapers a few months ago on some article about wage differences in various countries . 
  actually living in us in big city can be so expensive that a single mom with 3000 $ / month was considered as being unable to fully care for her children as in the child care official refused to believe that you could afford to support a family with such a `` low '' income while living `` near '' city central . 
  were not all knife wielding mute drunks with a penchant for running in the bushes all day long , we do that only to impress foreigners with our mad survivor skillz . 
  also there were as many gypsies in the concentration camps as the jews and others but they are hardly ever mentioned . 
  businesses are there to make money and government is there to keep their money grubbing hands in check .
