  well , maybe you pussies should have taken it to talks with imperial russia first ... you had well over a hundred years to do so but only `` activated '' when finland became independent . 
  which kind of does n't ` work ' because veps were never under swedish dominance and would and still use russian calendar yet they call it ` hay month ' as well . 
  i 'm also 100 % it 's heinikuu in karelian because y is n't used like that in finnic due to vocal harmony . 
  it 's a simple math that if you have to use at least two hours for the repairs and you have to charge 60 $ per hour to make ends meet then most people will find it easier to just buy a new phone . 
  american is what i 'm referring to , as far as i know european minx does n't really do that kind of killings . 
  it 's closer to otters in temperament afaik . 
  soviets had all kinds of `` fun '' ideas about agricultural ` improvements ' . 
  raccoon dogs are probably among the most harmless projects of theirs to `` harness the mother nature '' . 
  - yes , it was an official soviet goal . 
  minx kill and kill and kill if they can ... 
  i guess you 've never seen what a minx ca do in one night at an outer sea island community of birds such as mallards ? 
  though i 've heard that this kind of ` overkill behavior ' happens in foxes and wild cats too but more rarely . 
  northern scandinavia and kola peninsula are n't right . 
  the artic sea coast is almost completely treeless and should be classified as permafrost zone . 
  yeah , first ones were deliberate introductions , later they mostly came as escapes from fur farms and by time the mistake was realized it was already too late . 
  similar thing happened with the grey squirrels of england . 
  some ass hat did n't want to care for his pet squirrels anymore and set all three loose ... 
  unfortunately they multiplied like the pests that they are and are now the dominant squirrel species of the island . 
  but most animals do n't kill more than they need and horde the excess in their burrows and then forget they have the ` stash ' until its rotten putrid or frozen to solid block at winter ... 
  so they start over . 
  thus leading to that famed musteline `` killing sprees '' for which the minx in particular is renowned for . 
  some owls have that same hoarding instinct , so it 's not unique to wolverines and minxes alone . 
  they were originally introduced to europe because `` biologists '' at the time thought that american minx was a subspecies of the european minx ... 
  so they figured to strengthen the over-hunted populations with more `` robust blood '' from america . 
  as was quoted satirically in saturday night live !, 
  about bush junior 's speech of the second gulf war some 20 odd years ago ... `` we sure as heck know the iraqi 's are having wmds . 
  we ( the americans ) have the receipts ... '', 
  well they were originally invented by phoenicians which the greek borrowed and in turn were borrowed by the latin people aka romans and then western europeans . 
  our numerals are called ` arabic ' but they 're in fact indo-iranian in origin . 
  as far as i know only zero is directly from arabic , even though ` nullus ' as a concept was known very well it did n't have a specific numeral before the late middle ages . 
  i guess you 're not aware that hebrew is a semitic language , closely related to arabic ? 
  ofc the today 's israeli are heavily mixed but their still `` arab enough '' that you could n't tell the difference between an israeli and jordanian if they 're wearing the same clothes . 
  pretty standard for an arab country and yes israelis are ` arabs ' even though they vehemently deny it . 
  it was because back in the early years of wow horde & alliance players had a feud-mentality going on and the mods got tired of the `` spies '' & `` trolls '' - complaints and it was decided that horde and alliance players could no longer `` understand '' their each others . 
  so lol turned to kek in `` hordish '' and bur in `` alliantic '' ... 
  there was even an add-on called babel fish for awhile but the devs turned the algorithm to fully random once they got the wind of it , to make sure that both sides would be speaking complete gibberish when using / say - command . 
  those were some classy homes back in the gaslight era . 
  honestly , this looks like the beginning for a monty python skit . 
  nah , they 're just migratory workers with relaxed italian mentality towards property ownership and entrepreneurship laws ... / s, 
  a lucifer 's touch , taste the love , the pain and the passion of the one whose sleeping in the fire ... 
  we beat canada , though !, 
  or we could buy greece out from it 's debt only have them blow it all and come back asking for more the next year . 
  yeah itella is a pos and has been for years . 
  it does n't strictly speaking go through it , you have remember that star trek had eugenics wars and ww iii and from the looks of it eiffel tower is the only structure standing anyway from the present day aside from that aqueduct . 
  hyperloop system ? 
  it 's not like the idea of a tube train is new . 
  they can announce a diplomat as `` persona non grata '' but this is rarely done ironically enough due to diplomatic reasons ... 
  having the train carrying stalin from siberia to st. petersburg at 1917 to crash & burn would have been even more beneficial for the russians . 
  i 'll just leave [ this ] ( http://comics.wata.fi/fingerpori/fingerpori-21-03-2012.gif ) here, 
  my thoughts exactly , you can count on spaniards showing off ~ ~ wo ~ ~ men melting masculinity where and when ever they can . 
  nothing that obama did but the fact the elections were coming and rebs had to find a way to utterly trash obama from getting absolutely nothing done to look bad in congressional elections or the whole house would have been full dem basically and you might imagine what a shit that would had been for rebs . 
  real kicker however is that rebs want go the rid of because they did n't implement it first not because it 's bad or does n't work and dems do the same for anything popular or famous that rebs have set up on their term . 
  dna has just yesterday offered a deal for our block of flats where each household will get a plan for unlimited broadband access for 5.60 $ / month . 
  ofc it 's the cheapest option - the actually useful one is 9.90 / month with up to 100mb speed and up ( more you pay , faster you go ) . 
  modem and cables are ` on the house ' from the net provider as usual . 
  i think it 's pretty good deal in comparison to most of europe . 
  russian special police force , mainly a tool for putin to beat down the protesters . 
  they do the regular police as a military ala swat things as well . 
  original grand idea was that `` we represent everyone so why not let everyone join '' and well that plan was a spectacular failure . 
  it brought in a lot of votes and a lot of eccentric `` every man '' candidates of which many turned out to be out right racists who could n't keep their mouth shut in social media and had absolute 0 experience on being in the spot light ( avoiding yellow press ) or from politics in general for that matter . 
  whole macron & his party is pretty historical . 
  i 'm pretty sure than no other new party in france has ever gained this kind of landslide and also a president at the same year no less . 
  it 's a traditional finnish mentality that a man does not back from his words and halla-aho obviously aspires to be the epitome of finishness in the media . 
  in the same vein in his opinion it 's morally right to air one 's views and opinions not matter how wrong they are for the rest of the population or how unwanted his `` truths '' are to hear . 
  worse part is that she seemed pretty smart the last time i spoke with her during her campaign . 
  scary how smart people become complete nut jobs all of sudden . 
  law ( or political agreements strong as law not sure which ) require that the political pamphlet of the government is followed if not to the letter then in intent at least . 
  orpo has a problem of having most of his voters as pro-feminist women from larger cities who despise halla-aho because he is an evil racist and sipil\u00e4 does what ever is best for his party which in current political climate is to not work with halla-aho . 
  bear in mind that orpo himself has been convicted of assault and battery when you fling that `` evil racist sentenced in court '' - stuff about halla-aho around . 
  there is a theory that this is why the mosquitoes make that noise ... driving their prey to run up and around in frenzy , so it 's nice and docile and all those juicy veins - ohh , so lovingly throbbing just beneath the skin after it has worked itself into sweat soaked frenzy and is too tired to move . 
  there are mosquito species that do n't need water other than rain to lay eggs and grow as a larva ... 
  well , it 's a very popular `` recreational flower '' , ai n't it ? 
  actually that was entente and after the second war nobody cared anymore as germany was divided between commies & capitalists . 
  football and finland disagree about being in the same sentence . 
  ooh thanks for that , no wonder that quote seemed to fit so close to narrative . 
  well considering that russian gdp was and still is comparable to italy despite being a supposed super power they got what they deserved tbh . 
  he also stated that he would only be a republican because they would be only ones stupid enough to vote him for president or something on those lines . 
  though i assume it was meant as humorous quip it does hit a bit too close to mark . 
  what i was going for is that orja and arya share the root word in * vedic sanskrit * from where it was loaned to old persian dialects same as vasara ( vazra ) and that language has been dead for something like +3000 years, 
  while at it ... you can also ponder why arya and orja ( slave/thrall ) are cognates . 
  after -30 it 's not really that much different to -40 . 
  but if it 's windy ... in -30 you feel like your face has paralyzed and in -40 you start to wonder if it 's already fallen off ... 
  yay us ... 
  the only group in europe who share haplo group with north american natives . 
  ca n't help but wonder jut how ancient that particular haplo group-lineage has to be to be only seen in finns with any frequency in europe . 
  also if a reindeer is n't allowed to piss at certain intervals it can get a condition where it 's unable to do so without help and may eventually die because of it . 
  there are stories that the tough guys used a cigarette holder to get their reindeer 's to pee and that the toughest ones did it even without a one but the lapps have a reputation of spicing up their stories though . 
  do n't think finland has ever won san marino in football though ... 
  also 3 strikes on driving qualification and with each fail you have make extra hours before next try . 
  fails means 3 things like not letting a pedestrians pass , not using a signal , going over 40km/h in city limits etc. 
  `` a major risk or carelessness '' is an automatic fail in the test even not being familiar with car and fiddling excessively with controls can be counted as a fail . 
  test also includes the feared parallel parking that counts as a fail , pass or the fuck you thought you 're doing try again , you cunt ? 
  smoking indoors is banned as well as smoking on your balcony in apartment blocks , which most just blatantly ignore and housing boards are loath to enforce the rule for their housing stock owners . 
  and at this little moment you recall by which two countries belgium was divided between off for the most of it 's history ? 
  well , forest of ardennes and the charcoal forest sort of converged around brussels back in the early middle ages ... 
  so at one point there were quite a lot of trees in the benelux . 
  oh they know exactly what they want and it 's power unlimited power and easiest way to power is to get unwashed masses to rile up over nothing for the thought that some one is finally doing something for them . 
  yeah , it has great natural beauty belying it 's harshness ... last major famine of `` hunger land '' was as late as 1902-1903 . 
  the countryside is as rugged and poor as you can image from that picture for farming . 
  it 's has n't been that cold even for a week since the river is n't frozen over .
