  as long as your single , relatively young and have a good job and health america is great but wait till you start paying up +17 000 $ for child birth and +2000 $ for monthly child care and suddenly us starts to look less inviting , 
  any law in russia keeps descriptions vague for obvious reasons ; how else could the powers that be otherwise twist the laws as they see fit while still claiming to follow the law for general public ? 
  and at least they still care about following the law when they start ignoring it it 's time to get scared . 
  it thought the city was completely flattened in wwii ? 
  the famous [ yyteri ] ( http://www.yyteribeach.fi/fi/ ) beach obviously but it 's also painfully obvious that even at the year of our lord 2015 finland ca n't into english ( or even swedish ) websites ^ did n't ^ want ^ those ^ foreign ^ tourists ^ anyway, 
  russia is mainly concerned that they might not get the world cup after all or that their vaunted football event might come to be known as corruption games . 
  sweden almost beats lordi 's record from 2006 we got 372 points . 
  gratz sweden !!!!, 
  6th time winner . 
  til tit tape is real . 
  cleavage night !!, 
  btw how does that dress stay up ? 
  oh no russia sniped georgia :(, 
  different tastes said the dog while licking it 's balls . 
  you ca n't vote your self . 
  come on germany had such great . . assets ... 
  australia what are you doing in top 4 ? 
  `` thanks a lot for the show guys but no points for you '' - finnish commentators . 
  that estonian girl * hello i 'm going to be shot * * end broad cast *, 
  oh my god if russia wins . 
  ohh moldova you minx , purrr < 3, 
  uh oh tough game between sweden , russia and italy . 
  `` have to see what krista is wearing if anything '' - finnish commentators . 
  do n't be afraid the first time is always the hardest . 
  justin bieber ? 
  all the good things in life . 
  remember this ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuokfwc3u8c 0 points for finland :d, 
  i want what ever those drummers have . 
  how can it be bad when it 's true ? 
  is it wrong to vote the one with the best rack ? 
  well at least hes well dressed , like from dressman commercials . 
  do n't mind the song but hot damn that albanian rack . 
  russian singer looks distressed ? 
  looks azerbaijan is going for the female fan service . 
  what song ? 
  allright laddies it 's georgias xena , song is stupid as fuck but i love the xena look . 
  finnish commentators : `` cosplay hippies while listening this '', 
  not that you lose anything except seeing how lame these songs are even in foreign language . 
  do other countries subtitle foreign songs or is that just in finland ? 
  but that chest hair : s, 
  damn you 're on to it . 
  `` let 's see if latvia wins with their squirtings of love '' - finnish commentators . 
  i just laughed so hard on that . 
  looks like poland took an anime theme and ran with it ? 
  nice bun on the singer germany, 
  this one is good if he keeps his mouth shut . 
  edit : nope he did n't, 
  flaming piano for reals austria ? 
  biggest cost in those things is the automation in a case of signal failure and armament like in the u.s.versions but then again those boeings fly so high that you can barely see or even hear them which of c. makes a one wonder why russinas are flying their drones so low to expose their drones to a risk of small arms fire and detection . 
  yesterday as i walked past dressman i noticed that apparently bomber jackets from the 90 's are trying to make a comeback , ick . 
  well they need the cash since isis is n't paying the wages on time apparently . 
  http://www.ibtimes.co.uk/indian-isis-fighter-who-killed-dozens-returned-home-due-low-pay-militant-group-1477306 i guess that must be a shocker to isis that their `` dedicated '' fighters pack their bags as soon as the wage is n't good enough or on time . 
  such dedication to islam , lol . 
  that one is actually a roman eagle as the nazi-germany had a huge boner for roman / classical imagery . 
  damn that owl is super cute with those huge puppy eyes . 
  also kind weird for a finn ( like me ) . 
  listening to that video makes me feel like i should know what is being said and yet i do n't understand anything being said except oddly familiar words here and there . 
  one my squad mates woke in the morning with his long hair being frozen in the ground after a cold night in the tent ... obviously one of the reasons why finnish army requests that hair should be kept short . 
  :p a pair of scissors and some hot water solved the problem though . 
  seems to be a collection of various `` goofing in the finnish army videos '' . 
  more like leaving the stick and hammering you with the carrot . 
  so these stories of people paying thousand of $ to be stuffed in a boat destined to sunk in the middle of the ocean . 
  how hard is it actually to get passport and a visa in n.africa that it 's worth to pay for human traffickers to get you across the mediterranean ? 
  i mean is it really that hard or people who come across are just too poor to pay for a regular boat/air plane ticket with a tourist visa & passport ? 
  might add that main reason kokoomus lost is because they kept bitching about losing boatloads of money for some railway tracks in middle of helsinki while rest of the finland had to beg on their knees to even keep their roads in barely serviceable condition . 
  keskusta was voted the least in uusimaa region because voters knew that if kokoomus loses in helsinki it 's bye bye pisara-rata and other projects that benefit only those living in helsinki and rest of the finland voted vice versa for similar reasons . 
  sdp lost to persut in pori because they have pretty much fucked it all up by them selves with political bullshit ( since the -60 's they have been constantly in power ) and voters in satakunta finally had enough . 
  well having the prime minister to escape from the sinking ship does n't exactly help your chances of getting land slide in finnish politics . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1fjisqki5q like finns vs swedes , 
  you forgot the most important which is that all swedish men are gay with blond -80 's hair , 
  speaking of which it never ceases to amaze me how you can mangle `` richard '' in to a `` dick '' or `` robert '' as `` bob '' and consider that somehow normal . 
  also ` pippeli ' in finnish which of c. begs the question of which word is a loan word or both from some other language ? 
  oh yes they do there was even a document about it that some guys actually hunting down gays from chat rooms and dating services so that they could beat or shame them in public or preferably both . 
  general public visiting openly gay art show got harassed by a gang of putin youth or what evers out side of the fence and worse thing is that they were essentially friends with the guys guarding the peace . 
  it all ended in a scuffle once the skin heads started calling out the guards for protecting people attending the exhibition and finally the building was evacuated due to a ` bomb threat ' that took 6 hours from the police to clear up as a hoax . 
  so they may not be stoning gays on the streets but it 's not really that far because the authorities fully allow it to happen to appease their nationalistic supporters . 
  on the other hand when looking at how things are going with russia i 'm glad he did n't end up as president because that would be awkward to say the least when dealing with the current russian political climate . 
  hillary c. did it !, 
  it 's true , it was on the news i swear !, 
  ^ totally ^ legit, 
  well kisel is sauce/dressing and moloko is milk in most other slavic languages ... 
  interesting that it would mean ` sour ' in bulgarian . 
  i always thought that yoghurt is a bulgarian word - but instead its `` milk dressing '' in bulgarian - the more you know ... 
  not torture `` hardened questioning '' . 
  well god forbid they might get new ideas not vetted by the russian government from the contact and we ca n't have that now can we ? 
  i demand to know what action is the polish government going to take on keeping the visiting russian youth uncontaminated by the bacillus westernizes lest they might take it back to russia and poison the minds of other youth . 
  i though there were places called police station germany for that ? 
  i do n't see how declaring a `` rape free '' zone in a city could anyway help with the situation . 
  really is it just 12 years ? 
  odd i could had sworn it was right after the turn of the millennia . 
  germany would still be an empire with an emperor for starters and a good chance that finland would be kingdom as well - the plan to raise the prince of hesse as a king was quickly dropped once germany lost the war . 
  and second world war would have never been fought since salty french could n't have tried to `` destroy germany '' like they wanted to with the 1918 peace treaty , which led to terrible poverty , hyperinflation and civil unrest in germany due to germany 's inability to pay the ridiculously high & unfair war reparation bills to france . 
  hitler had a very symbolically legitimate reasons to use that train cart after all ... 
  the war against soviets might have happened in any case though probably not in as devastating scale as happened in ww-ii, 
  pick one . 
  as stupid as your response . 
  non toxic and not at all harmful to humans , ehh ? 
  well go ahead and make video of you drinking it then ... 
  i 'm eagerly waiting to see you start puking like crazy from even a drop of glyfosate .
