  i suspect that part of the reason for koivisto to `` chicken '' was that if soviet union would n't have collapsed there might have been some really ugly times ahead with our eastern neighbor , who as we all know was n't and still is n't overly shy in showing its displeasure by having its armed forces trampling through your garden patch ... 
  yep , there 's certainly something `` tekeill\u00e4 '' when you are drinking tekiila ... 
  in other words you do n't even know what those arrows are supposed to be used for ? 
  hint : they 're not for like/dislike despite everyone and their mom abusing them as such . 
  or as the old political gulf war joke from the mid -90 's goes ; `` ofc . 
  saddam has wmd 's , we have the receipts ! '', 
  have an upvote `` toveri '', 
  and `` k-kaupan v\u00e4iski '' was officially propaganda ... according to soviet officials which is ironic since that was a food commercial for a finnish grocery chain kesko . 
  jeltsin dancing ` chicken ' atop of a tank ... 
  i never forget that evening news insert ... 
  and i 'd be a millionaire if i would get a penny for each time someone like you claims to be an expert . 
  yeah , yeah lets not derail this thread from timber to battleships even though crushing your `` wikipedia-fu '' would be amusing . 
  and since you 're an ignorant child ; yes most large battleships - particularly the huge german battleships like tirpitz were pretty much a waste of steel since development in radar . 
  u-boat and torpedo technology made them sitting ducks without big escorts of smaller ships and due to material shortages many of the ships were made from inferior steel . 
  yeah , i admit you 're quite ignorant but i 'll keep it between us two . 
  properly fused ap shell punched through any part of the ship regardless . 
  in barns . 
  public buildings were painted yellow between 1700-1800 to imitate french sandstone like this from [ heinola ] ( http://www.verkkopolku.net/view.php?asiakas=heinola&amp;pageid=21 ) the 6-squared windows and boarding were added around 1840 i.e at the russian era . 
  i do n't need to . 
  unlike you i know how mold forms and what kind of constant humidity is required for the mold to take root . 
  it 's fungus not some chemical reaction like rust in steel - look it up . 
  wood was abandoned in ships because a ) it requires more skill to work with wood with unskilled labour b ) wood does n't stand worms , barnacles and others unlike steel . 
  also battleship decks in 2nd world war ( such as missouri ) were still made of wood . 
  you point has nothing to with wood being weaker then steel there are tropical woods that are harder and heavier then steel . 
  reason the steel is used is because it 's uniform and thus far easier to calculate the needed tensile strength which laminated wood is the answer to . 
  also in fire wood is actually better then steel and concrete mainly because does n't suddenly crumble unlike steel and concrete , had wtc being made of wood it would had likely toppled first instead of collapsed . 
  main thing for steel and concrete use is also the heavy lobbying from steel and concrete industry and since those materials were also new they were considered the best there is in the 60 's in finland also all of the old pre-60 block houses in finland have wooden beams as roof support not steel and steel still is n't used in roofs in finland except in industrial buildings since it 's simply cheaper in countries like england that have raped all the forests but has ( or had ) lots of struggling steel industry . 
  that 's bull , you know . 
  as long as wood stays dry it does n't rot . 
  and before that the `` vogue '' was yellow because of france and yellow sandstone of french palaces , so everything had to be white & yellow in gustavian empire of the 18th century . 
  i could go on a long tirade about why log house is less susceptible to mold than modern `` plastic bottle '' house but i do n't think you 'd care to read it ... so i 'll just condense it to ` no plastic membrane in the walls and more uniform wall structure . ', 
  yes you did , but since you corrected your own post i do n't have much further to add . 
  wow man , you really think that the force marching 30 000 people for 3000 miles on foot with around 25 % casualty rate and closing legitimate u.s citizens to concentration camps just because they were `` wrong coloured '' to be starved out was a good thing ... and as a cherry on top you lump it together with universal healthcare for all regardless of income . 
  wow , just wow man . 
  major river at the finnish side of gulf of bothnia flood heavily every year but since they 're annual and expected nobody cares abroad unless the floods are big enough to impress noah himself . 
  thing with binoculars is however that a laser being a single beam as it is would have to hit ** both ** eyes to cause complete blindness and it would also need to hit exactly on the lenses from a distance of a several hundred meters or maybe even kilometers to have a discernible effect but dunno i 'm no expert on laser radiation spread patterns or energy dissipation over distance . 
  just feels like a bogus news until we get something from a more credible source . 
  frankly i would n't put it past on russians shooting russians in the dark and blaming it on ukraine as a cover up . 
  or even executing an operation and then blaming on ukrane for shooting on ` green men ' sailing over the border . 
  it 's a still beer that hits you like a ton of bricks or at least it felt so when i last drunk it in a wedding ( where it 's usually served , nowhere else ) . 
  i was 15 at the time though so that might have something to do with it and sadly younger generations in the last 3 weddings have skipped making it for the wedding party ( they simply brought the usual lager beer ) . 
  nah , erdogan 's just taken lessons from ai-diplomacy in civ v to heart . 
  man , these people are way too close for comfort with the occult craze of europe between and during the world wars . 
  the difference between absolute monarchy and total dictatorship is that the former is hereditary though the latter often aspires to become the former . 
  dynasties are still a thing after all . 
  in finland you usually put them for sale too but usually you sell your antiques to antique/second hand dealer or online auction and its the `` junk & knickknack '' that goes to flea markets . 
  what i ca n't understand is how anyone could put something so old and obviously beautiful antique to fleamarket without ever taking it to antique or art dealer first . 
  cave germans live at neanderthall . 
  the thing is that we know from long experience that there wont be anyone else to fight for us but us if we 're ever invaded ... 
  so you either join the fight or have foreign boots trudging mud through your living room . 
  the signal is shitty exactly because you live in helsinki . 
  less users -  more bandwidth per user and no concrete buildings . 
  and as extra fun , its probably same in nl as in fin that most homes do n't have ac , so when that rare heatwave does get here it really feels like it . 
  reminds of that old british sketch show https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kzmuad7ojc8, 
  my bad , misread it . 
  here 's what it looks like in my hometown http://www.foreca.fi/finland/pori as you can see the norm here is around +90 humidity and it really suck when those rare heatwave days hit and you get something +36 in shade , +20 something is the usual temp . 
  wow how do you get that low humidity ? 
  in finland the humidity is normally between 90 % and 99 % at summer . 
  or grass, 
  no man , just no . 
  madagascar was proposed because the antisemitics believed that the jews would end up and die there just like in alaska , papua new-guinea , guyana etc. 
  far way places where the `` pepper grows '' that were proposed . 
  a widely held belief was that those regions were not fit for a `` white man '' to dwell . 
  hey , i need to find the document first , it 's not like i 'm just pulling this stuff from wikipages you know . 
  some of the books i have are pretty shoddy when it comes to reference lists . 
  i do n't consider one note mention of g\u00f6ring planning it in -33 or -34 as enough . 
  nurnberg legislation was the `` legal basis '' to discriminate jews and drive them out of germany . 
  it was extended at -35 the madagascar-plan refers to a plan which has its roots in the 1800 's . 
  between ww 's it was upheld by the british who wanted to settle jews there from europe and was also studied between france foreign minister delbos and polish government at -37 . 
  and again at germany by julius stecher at -38 and was then presented to foreign press as german plan by alfred rosenberg - one of the head nazi ideologists in press conference at 7.2.1939 as a plan to settle jews into guyana and madagascar and he also debunked any notions of germany allowing jews to settle into levant . 
  germany supported the arabs at the time . 
  the earliest suggestion to destroy jews via extermination was proposed by karl paasch at early 1900 's in the magazine antisemitensspiel at danzig . 
  this kind of planning proves how deeply antisemitic both allies and axis were in reality . 
  google stiftung nordsee & reinhard heydrich and the extension of nurnberg legislation for starters . 
  no , it was part of it , there are documents that the nazis had started planning for it as early as summer of -33 . 
  the problem with gypsies & and sindi is that while jewish were carefully collected and catalogued , the gypsies were either shot on sight or summarily robbed of everything - particularly their id-papers and valuables by the ss death squads and moved to death camp without anyone caring to document how many or even from where thy had been brought - to nazis they were even less humans than jews were and were n't deemed worthy enough to have even tents for shelter or allowed the illusion of still being useful and not being murdered within days . 
  careful estimation is that at least 200 000 were murdered but nobody knows for sure how many were killed while hiding in the woods , in gassing trucks , at work camps or by local people after nazi encouragement aside from the actual death camps . 
  actually there were jews who did ` work ' for the nazis most notably eppstein and the other former heads of the jewish council of germany but they probably were n't given much of a choice when being deported and appointed as the head of theresienstad . 
  the thing is that while the main target of nazis were the jews , gypsies and sindi , they did n't spare anyone who was n't up to their `` standards of racial hygiene '' . 
  yeah , those heathen savages who took a bath once a week when once a month was ` bad for blood ' according to god fearing right-minded christians who washed barely even once a month and treated lavender soap as `` expensive health drug '' . 
  that 's the thing , how much is enough ? 
  i 'd suppose that something like paint might be possible to ` fix ' with a lot of painstaking work but if it was actually carved to ruins i.e with scratches and such , there 's nothing you can do about it . 
  ** the carving was desecrated by youths who , according to a statement from the mayor 's office are deeply remorseful for their actions ** haha , yeah right . 
  those kids are remorseful about as long as it gets them acquitted from charges and paying for the damages in full . 
  i know i sure as heck was n't feeling the slightest bit of remorse from vandalism when i was a teen , it was all fun and action to break something others deemed as valuable . 
  you only ` cried ' when you got caught . 
  had those kids had any real ` remorse ' for vandalizing public property , they would n't have touched it in the first place . 
  i hope the vandals will get at least a few years in juvenile slam as a ` remorseful penance ' . 
  i dunno , my di-engineer uncle seemed quite fond of his . 
  then again his an engineer with two di-engineer degrees , so ... 
  for the record : a ) it 's not a whole mountain it 's the peak ( all 30meters of it ) which is currently on norway 's side of the border . 
  b ) it 's not an actual mountain but a fjell with the top being only 1330 meters from the sea level . 
  so basically the whole news tl ; dr is ` norway moves it 's border zone by 30meters ' . 
  covering your hair with a scarf was the sign of a married woman back then . 
  unmarried and young maidens either wore none or had a head band . 
  note that this only applied to common people , bourgeons and aristocracy had more `` continental '' way of dressing themselves . 
  as in the analogue for wedding rings we use today . 
  head scarves , head bands and thick skirts quickly fell out of use after the war when finland started to modernize in earnest and pretty much nobody wore them anymore by the 60 's . 
  in communist utopia its yours but why would you ` really ' want it ? 
  your neighbor has one too and so does that annoying middle-management dino you hate at work ... and then you realise that you do n't really need that crap .
