  so likely autumns first snow and a little frost in the picture . 
  depends for instance did you know that star wars franchise has never brought a single penny of profit for it 's owners ... profit is a very flexible term once a company gets large enough or lives solely on from an immaterial income source such as copy rights or patents . 
  what russia needs is a revision of constitution into a one where the three-fold parliamentary power structure is enforced . 
  - the court/administration , the president , the parliament . 
  current system favors the president/prime minister way too much which has led to this current pseudo-feudal oligarchic-system . 
  so , is there a specific reason why finland is not in this list despite being an eu member ? 
  that austrian tv-show was pretty popular in finland as well . 
  also the only general to have participated directly in both world wars . 
  i knew there was something wrong with that guy ... his clearly using child labour !, 
  somebody call ilo . 
  reunion would be pretty ` neutral ' as well ... 
  wait , i thought bangers had only 10 % of actual meat . 
  no the problem is that they put everything on truck and move it between the two cities every single year for no purpose what so ever but a bloated ego . 
  well frankly about the fucking time that money hole of a travesty ends . 
  not to make this a dick waving contest on who has had the worst famines ... but the truth is that sweden has n't had a widespread famine in centuries - i 'm pretty sure that the ` years of many deaths ' and the ` hay year ' of 1600 's were the last major famines in sweden proper . 
  swedish famine of 1800 's was a joke of a famine . 
  only about forty actually died and that was from spoiled bread for what i recall . 
  in finland right across the bay +100 000 died in three years and then some more when the plagues took hold on the malnourished population . 
  great hunger years are the biggest natural famine by population loss in the history of europe for a reason . 
  that was demolished and the population was relocated to new apartments at the late -90 's because the walled city was a hazard to airport 's air safety aside from also being a sort of ` den of vices ' and a general headache for the city planning . 
  ( fuck you spring , you tosser ! ), 
  no , the worst part is that both the nazi 's and the soviets did n't lose . 
  well , as british monarch would you like to ally with a psycho who had your cousins murdered ? 
  nope , the same partisan tactics that russians used against the germans would have been turned on the soviets and su would have collapsed like the germans for the exact same reasons as the germans failed ... stalin was n't a fool unlike hitler and knew he would n't be able to control any more than what he already had by force . 
  the allied could 've pushed the russians out of central europe had there been any real political will to continue fighting - some anti-commie army hawks not included . 
  all it took for the allies to ` win ' would have been u.s involvement because russia was almost completely dependent on lend & lease-agreement to keep it 's army fed . 
  though i doubt le pen to have actually gone true to her word in all things she said in regards to eu ... 
  i 'm just happy we do n't have to find out either . 
  either gotland or saaremaa ... 
  though it 's not like swedish army has been worth a damn for centuries . 
  the last time they had a war against russia the only way the actual swedes managed to halt the russian forces from pillaging upsala at 1809 was to bribe their generals into leaving ... 
  nope er\u00e4 means hunting as in er\u00e4stys = hunting trip . 
  er\u00e4maa = hunting grounds aarni ( o ) mets\u00e4 = treasure forest , as in having plenty of game or other things to eat . 
  rintamaa is what you 're thinking , the ancient division is syd\u00e4nmaat ( heartlands ) closest to the village , rintamaat ( borderlands ) at the edge of the settled lands and then er\u00e4maa ( hunting grounds ) which were used for hunting furs & food and iif it was a privileged hunting area for a specific group by tradition or kings mandate it was nautintoalue ( `` enjoyment '' land ) . 
  ofc er\u00e4maa is inhabited because the game animals and humans do n't mix . 
  for a moment i was wondering how selyanka could cause eye injury by being caustic ... 
  i wonder ... is hungarian taboru in anyway etymologically related to finnish tappo ( killing ) which in turn becomes tappelu as a diminutive form ( scuffle ) and taistelu as actual battle ? 
  i can see th turning to t or h as finnsh has largely lost ` th ' and it has usually simplified to either t or h in modern finnish and b is p which has then been doubled or shortened because of vowel harmony . 
  except the number system in japanese and the difference of formal/informal/court speech ... that 's just stupidly complex . 
  i think that perusajatus `` principle thought '' is the closest translation to logos in finnish though ydinajatus `` kernel of thought '' would work as well - at least in classical philosophy . 
  it 's a sort of a cat and mouse game . 
  smugglers know that ngo 's are out there , ngo 's know that they 're being exploited but ngo 's also know that smugglers would send people out there anyway . 
  so just by simple being there the ngo 's instantly turned in to a part of the problem that they ca n't get out of because even if they leave the smuggling wo n't stop . 
  only way to really stop trafficking is to make situations better in the origin country so that people wo n't feel that a bullet to the head or a suicide run across the mediterranean are preferable choices to staying back home . 
  i would n't be terribly surprised if the whole country is simply absorbed back to russia once lukashenko 's days are up in twenty-thirty years down the line . 
  at that point the heavily russian export dependent economy of belarus may be in such a state that most belorussians probably would n't even care . 
  no there 's one thing that chain mail protects badly and that 's arrows unless made in a very specific pattern but a normal 4 in 1 for instance does almost nothing against arrows or even spears , and even less so against crushing weapons such as warhammers or maces even an axe can still do considerable damage with the impact alone unless you have enough padding under the chain . 
  this [ here ] ( http://hackingdistributed.com/images/2014-01-01-bitcoin/chain10.jpg ) as you can see can be penetrated by arrows but this [ byzanthine ] ( http://www.mailleartisans.org/weaves/images/572-denser_byzantine_sheet.jpg ) style mail is another thing and as you can imagine very expansive to make . 
  ( no mercy , send to siberia ! ), 
  ( have mercy , not to siberia ! ), 
  used to drive home in school that , in correct place is important . 
  they 're usually sold for restaurants only . 
  those super-sized packages never really took of at the finnish retail market . 
  kpl is shorthand for * kappale * = single piece/individual item . 
  not sure at all whether it was actually the sea that was a bit foggy since we 're talking about russians after all . 
  i hope they succeed with this project . 
  it 's symbolic value alone would be immense . 
  that 's a question that could be asked about the whole of europe then ... 
  i doubt that nazis would have left anyone in the continent untouched by their policies had they won . 
  that 's probably because before the ww-ii people of east karelia had had two armed uprisings against the soviets ... 
  so yeah , had there been a vote allowed in east karelia about wether to stay part of soviet union or go their own way they 'd have either joined finland or formed their own state ... 
  maybe the turkish will get lucky and erdogan has a stroke or something before he can do any more serious damage to democracy and a new president & parliament would revoke the changes ... 
  dyeing from your own ricochet ... that sounds like it 's from some monty python skit ... a very strangely conducted ` terrorism ' in any case . 
  honestly it sounds like he was planning a showy suicide more than anything . 
  especially if his weapon skills were as low as implied . 
  are you seriously claiming that russian troops are lending their tanks , buk 's and missile platforms for the rebels on some kind of lend & lease system ? 
  you do n't buy tanks and artillery from a black market - not even a russian one and you sure as heck do n't learn to use them at the drop of a hat . 
  well much of africa was n't even mapped when the colonial rush to claim it began . 
  like i iterated already , ** had france been able to keep it ** i think we all can figure why they did n't . 
  well , it was not empty in any way ... 
  there were plenty of indian tribes there ... had french thought of ` opening ' the land for mass settlement like usa did in 1800 's instead just selling it all away . 
  is what i mean with different history . 
  france had no trouble at keeping area in africa some 50-60 years later that was twice the size with thrice the hostile population in comparison to what was in north america . 
  you know , if france could 've held on to those territories ... history would have been way different for everyone involved . 
  and it did n't ... 
  the last eugenic programs in the western world did n't end before late 80 's . 
  and that 's what 's so appalling about it . 
  - oh him/her both parents have died , the poor thing !, 
  let 's send him/her to forced labour institution disguised as orphanage and sterilize him/her so that she/he is never able to have a family of her own later just because his/her parents both happened to die and other relatives could n't be reached or were unable to care for him/her ... 
  there 's nothing respectable with the pseudo-scientific idea that being poor is an `` inherited trait '' and that the most poor should be forcibly sterilized by state because they would otherwise `` pollute '' the gene pool with their `` poverty '' genes . 
  this is what went on at the fatherland of eugenics , sweden well in to late 50 's . 
  and in belarus it 's pretty much sanctioned by the government . 
  i 'm now convinced that finnish * papukaija * is a baltic loanword ... 
  well that looks like medieval castle ( without a moat and exterior wall ) built today if a medieval siege warfare would still be a thing . 
  [ library of pori ] ( https://www.google.fi/maps/@61.4872866,21.7914065,3a,75y,194.1h,78.47t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sdborr1ywoefb2rlzkcawwg!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) in streetview . 
  [ first floor main hall ] ( http://images.cdn.yle.fi/image/upload/w_1200,h_630,c_fit,q_80/13-3-7209083.jpg ), 
  it 's fine for herding at summer . 
  the problem has always been getting enough winter hay for the cattle . 
  just name it `` aegean federation '' . 
  form a new country , put all the current loans of greece to `` state of athens '' , have that state declare ` bankrupts ' ... rejoin eu -  profit . 
  `` turkish islamic sultanate of erdogan '' has a nice historic ring to it , does n't it ? 
  well frankly i 'd be amazed if uncle erdo has n't fixed the results on his favor i mean who has ever heard of a dictator who would willingly risk losing elections ? 
  i think it might make it if you 'd grow it in a greenhouse like wine grapes ... 
  you , know it would be more fruitful to discuss with you if you could actually understand your own quotes from law . 
   on one hand i think blasphemy law is ridiculous , but i still do n't understand the necessity of some people to insult and downgrade other people 's beliefs in the name of free speech . 
  really ? 
  then what is this right here ? 
   on one hand i think blasphemy law is ridiculous , but i still do n't understand the necessity of some people to insult and downgrade other people 's beliefs in the name of free speech . 
  the current blasphemy law is to protect `` religious peace '' in finnish ` uskonrauha ' `` peace of ( between ) religions ' . 
  that is to say a person 's right to have and uphold a religion without being dragged over the coals for it by the public or state .
