  in practice it would be so costly that nobody in his right mind would even dream of seriously proposing the plan to any government . 
  no , they really were not . 
  the difference between nazis and soviets is the way it was done . 
  nazi 's put their prisoners to camps to be killed with gas because killing all 10-12 million jews ( target number ) with work would have taken ages ... soviets put their prisoners to be killed with work in siberia over a long period of time . 
  so which one is really worse ? 
  in both cases the end result is the same . 
  in finland it 's just ` juoppohulluus ' - drunkard 's madness or liskojen y\u00f6 ` night of the lizards ', 
  it 's widely considered as perhaps the greatest political and propaganda victory in kennedy 's career . 
  soviets completely botched it and dropped the ball at the end , allowing americans pretty much to have the free reign in dictating how the world would come to view the cuban missile crisis . 
  soviets scrapped their plans of putting nukes to cuba because they made a deal where u.s did the same with their own in turkey . 
  iraq & afghanistan were the latest before that it was grenada at the -80 's i believe . 
  though those three are n't neighboring countries ... 
  td ; lr bohmerwald has a winter ? 
  depends on the part of europe . 
  in the north its summer temps at night and in the south its the beginning of the new ice age . 
  my average `` cup '' of coffee is a 2,5 dl tea mug and i take two please . 
  way to jinx it theresa ... she should possibly consider keeping less public speech so britain does n't fall out of g10, 
  like the tannin acids in tea are n't doing the same . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 'm an average finn when it comes to drinking coffee and i drink at least 8-12 standard cups ( 1,2 dl ) a day ... four in the morning and four in the evening after work and possibly some at the coffee breaks which there are two and also at lunch break as dessert . 
  honestly , you should 've hung all commie leaders to hang from streetlights when you had the chance . 
  they were all scum to have supported someone like ceausescu ... 
  propaganda tool , probably ? 
  have you ever seen a hairy rock ? 
  me neither . 
  original meaning of kalju is bare - something that 's bald as in without hair , vegetation etc. 
  finnish equivalent would be munakari as in bald ( like an egg ) sker . 
  fairly common toponymy name for larger rocks at the archipelago sea . 
  it 's an old propaganda technique . 
  repeat the lie long enough and consistently enough and people start to believe in it and will keep believing it even after the facts are shown . 
  properly maintaining a nuclear weapon arsenal is also prohibitively expensive , so its kind of stupid to have way more of them than actually is ever needed . 
  there 's a ( joking ) saying in finland - army turns boys into man and man to boys . 
  the words you are looking for are adopted and improved the primitive spanish model . 
  finnish version lights without matches when the bottle is broken and sticks like napalm . 
  lsd is a hell of a drug is n't it ? 
  no it does n't necessarily make it political . 
  it 's a covenient for gaining political points on issue that is n't an issue unless you make it a one . 
  also the results are still the same very often but we still are n't up in arms about it also once again the incident had no political motives . 
  i retiterate that once again this incident is on the wall only because there was a neo nazi involved had it been any other situation or political view and nobody would give a dam , not even you as your answer clearly demonstrates . 
  thing is however that the victim was n't beaten for his political views but from spitting and shouting insults to guy who had prior convictions from assault and battery . 
  that he also is a neo nazi is just very convenient for our current political climate with refugees and economic downturn . 
  meaning had the victim done the same in `` sn\u00e4k\u00e4ri jono '' for the perpetrator instead of in on going neo nazi rally it would n't even be in the news . 
  and it happens every few friday nights , truth is that everyone is freaking out just because they were neo nazis . 
  head traumas always bleed severely regarless of the scope of injury and this case the victim was actually released a week later from hospital and was found dead from his home a day later . 
  so calling it a murder ( which requires a deliberate planning and motive ) is exaggerating at best also the victim goaded the protesters with insults and spitting at their general direction which is n't exactly a good move unless you plan on getting your ass kicked . 
  you do n't have to be a genius to notice an obvious legal problem here which is why the cause of death has to be determined more thoroughly then usual for these cases . 
  simple veri for blood from finnish and terribly mangled wurst from german . 
  it 's awful even if you make it yourself . 
  keeping more would be an overkill ... one brigade against 3 divisions was enough the last time the russians tried it ... 
  does n't make it any less , just shows how callous the landlords were towards their tenants blight . 
  want to know why so many irish were sent down to usa to later ` die ' in civil war ? 
  it was more profitable for the british landlords to ship their tenants overseas and then lease the land again than to feed them as the law actually dictated . 
  only the great hunger years - suuret n\u00e4lk\u00e4vuodet . 
  the great famine of finland in 1857 & 1862-1868 comes close in percentage of population decline when 15-20 % of finns perished . 
  which means about 150\u00a0000-200\u00a0000 people since the population of finland at the time barely reached above million . 
  that map data is still shit . 
  south sweden is in reality as warm as jylland while `` shit '' up north is at least as cold as finland in reality , yet it 's shown on the map on single color and as twice as warm as finland when both should have two or three gradients same as norway and russia . 
  this map is in a nutshell useless except as unreliable coffee table trivia . 
  there 's just so much wrong with that map that it hurts . 
  i 'll lend you my shotgun ... 
  i wo n't be needing it for long , it should still have a round left in the other chamber . 
  come get it from the shed after the bang . 
  i 'll be waiting , take your time friend . 
  that could work if everyone would drop it ... good luck with making usa , china , russia , brazil etc. 
  big non eu-producers into accepting that and dropping theirs . 
  and that 's not all of them ... 
  there 's like two dozen more but many are close enough in meaning to be synonymous with the ones already listed . 
  yeah , or a deliberate plant . 
  the night of the long knives must look funny when written in latvian ... 
  the guys using it were from harju-region if i recall right . 
  in modern finnish something short and stubby is called nys\u00e4 . 
  though nyk\u00e4ist\u00e4 ( make a short & snappy pull ) and nyk\u00e4nen ( surname ) are still in use . 
  it 's what the estonians use for puukko in finland often enough ... 
  guess is a slang term then . 
  puukko is knife in finnish veitsi is just a blade with a handle , like something you use with a fork as a part of the table cutlery . 
  i 'm also fairly certain that kuras is what is used in estonia for actual ` real ' knife . 
  in all honesty they should have since soviets were in league with the nazis but they did n't , that 's real politics 1:1 for you . 
  what the world should have done would have let the nazis and soviets destroy their each others and enjoy the show ... we would have gotten rid of two evils instead of just one . 
  lol , since when have palms grown in germany ? 
  nope it has to be somewhere where there 's no winter i.e italy . 
  pinja pine cant stand frost and those lebanon cedars do n't grow very well outside mediterranean , neither does that cocos palm . 
  besides that villa & garden are italian in architecture . 
  nah , gulen is just an unlucky sod , who had `` wrong opinions '' and the will to yell them at the rallies ... makes him a great scapegoat for erdogan 's purges . 
  i 'm about 200 % sure erdogan had those `` gulenist lists '' all ready and made , just waiting inside his safe , waiting for the right time to put it in action ... hell , i wo n't be the least bit of surprised when it turns out that he has orchestrated the whole thing so he could use those lists to get rid of his political enemies . 
  it 's in no way unique event in world politics to place a few bombs there and fake a coup or two here to get a nice casus belli for a bit of `` domestic spring cleaning '' . 
  it worked for cia & us presidents for more than 50 years ( in abroad ) so why not for turkish intelligence service which most likely is n't wholly incompetent by any stretch ? 
  too bad they did n't have the guts to declare one for soviets as well . 
  well at least this time the czechs will have plenty of warning before the russian tanks are in prague unlike in -67 . 
  what i find the most surprising is that the communist regime did n't think of this . 
  it would have been an excellent way to keep workers happy - job well done , you get a weekend at rugen . 
  similar to jalta in cccp . 
  all the houses and things were there already , built by the nazis . 
  and if its ` omelette du fourmica ' you better run . 
  no we do n't as long as us telecom laws stay as they are comcast is our shield and saviour . 
  he was also a consummate duelist . 
  and as far as i know , china does n't have a plane type of its own like this . 
  buying the working prototype from ukraine would cut a lot of corners when designing a new plane for the chinese military . 
  does it even matter if barely even half cares to vote , knowing that nothing 's going to really change for them ? 
  no matter whose in charge . 
  it 's this kind of voter apathy that keeps things the way they are in russia . 
  probably because some of those islands have been ` neutralized ' because the ownerships has n't been officially settled .
