  and old germanic * tankaz is oddly close to finnish rangaista ( rankasta ) which means to punish for error or misdeed . 
  any kind of connection is probably just folk-etymology but i found it kind of funny . 
  never going to happen unless the whole u.s is already breaking up . 
  there 's just too much at stake for usa to allow it to happen . 
  ha ha !, 
  sick burn . 
  high five mate :d, 
  something like texas would be a better example than cali as texas was technically independent for a few years when it was forming up . 
  it 's more likely for the `` thieving scum '' to have accumulated enough wealth to run for the office in the first place , me thinks . 
  voice of reason has won . 
  three cheers for all who dared to raise their voices and proved that romanians are n't sheeple to be lead astray . 
  you 're joking right ? 
  `` local civilian '' in ukraine simply ca n't afford to keep fighting and buying tanks , uniforms and artillery & ammo and kalashnikovs for 3 years straight unless he himself has turned into `` fascist mercenary '' so he can fight that other `` fascist mercenary '' for the third fascist junta at kreml . 
  yeah , that pretty much seems to sum it up . 
  partisan politics best politics ... and zero fucks for the political stability . 
  i still do n't think it 's a very good plan in the long run . 
  what ever the goal , i 'm sure there is a one ... but damn if i can figure it out anymore . 
  whole russia is full of so many contradicting narratives between what they say they do and what they 're actually achieving . 
  just normal `` heroic russian soldier '' behavior like the `` partisan heroes '' in continuation war during ww2 who murdered 40 woman and child and got praised by stalin for it . 
  that was a different era and so on but today ... 
  i ca n't understand how the russian propaganda ministry does n't realize that ` idolizing ' psychos like this is going to bite them in the ass in the long run . 
  seriously what kind of country think it 's a good image to project to other nations that their army is a bunch sadistic psychopaths who break the rules of geneva convention for fun ? 
  you mean bean s\u00ed ? 
  perhaps . 
  those palms are a nice touch :d, 
  ceding those territories would be like japan ceding ryukyu , okinawa jeju and kuril islands and maybe a bit of main islands as well to koreans , russians and chinese . 
  really ? 
  who the hell thinks it 's a good idea that govt . 
  officials can now go completely `` tits & arse up '' on their jobs only to get a bonus for job well done ? 
  that 's just baiting for some real bad shit to go down because they 're pretty much not liable for anything they do while under office . 
  the thing with international treaties signed between sovereign nations is that once you start breaking them ... 
  it 's going to be the damnest of tasks for you to get that lost diplomatic reputation back . 
  and trump as a business man should know this better than anyone . 
  but , but ^ fourth ^ reich ? 
  ukraine can not get then back because it would only escalate the conflict and force russia to openly support ~ ~ the separatists ~ ~ oppressed russian minority and that would be enough reason for russia to `` create a buffer zone '' which is to say annex the east ukraine like it did with the krim . 
  though i do n't particularly applaud the increase in hostilities , i can only say that its about time this frozen conflict comes to a close - one way or the other . 
  it looks like ukrainian government has decided to take the initiative for now . 
  you can leave a wood burning stove `` on '' just fine . 
  it smokes like hell in before you even get a chance of dying on carbon dioxide poisoning . 
  no fucking way you ca n't `` notice '' that a wood burning stove is n't leading the smoke out properly . 
  the danger comes in when the wood has burned out leaving the coals and someone closes the chimney hatches that 's when people can end up dead . 
  i.e coal kills not logs . 
  yeah your m\u00e4gi is a low hill in finnish and kungas is `` kynn\u00e4s '' aka very low but long moreine ridge or long sand bar ( like kuurin kynn\u00e4s in latvia/lithuania ) , usually between waterways . 
  be glad it 's the nether * land * instead of being named as the nether * region * during way back then by the brits ... 
  seriously ? 
  trump ` team ' has been in power less that two weeks and they 've already cased more damage to us foreign image than probably any other us . 
  govt in history . 
  i 'm happy with my fazer , brunberg & panda . 
  keep your foreign mega corp brands . 
  i thought it look kind of ` wrong ' for a `` real castle '' ( as in unmodified ) . 
  he is also known as ` crazy ludwig ' . 
  nor senile just crazy with money then a croesus . 
  interesting development with that castle . 
  it has obviously had a much larger wall at one point which has been razed and the only remainder is that one lone tower at the upper corner and i guess the outer earth battlements have been leveled and turned to parkland ? 
  what i find the most extraordinary is the amount of work that went into building that fortress . 
  such great effort to defend an almost in-fertilely rocky and tiny island . 
  i mean who would have even wanted to conquer them other than for sheep ? 
  in other words a passport and past time ? 
  aka . 
  a place for that french adventure castle thing where one guys everything and the rest `` advice '' him . 
  why dwarfs i never got those and same with that mangy wizard spouting nonsense . 
  well it could also be ` naida ' which means a verb `` to marry/shag / et c. '' depending but i guessed cattle since d is relatively new in finnish and is often spelled t in old dialects . 
  yep , same feature was later used against tanks but with bigger cement ` boulders ' btw , if you like the scenery , i suggest watching the document ` man from aran islands . 
  and in finnish it 's ` cattle ', 
  today learned even manx-isles has its own passport . 
  well , americans were prone to looting ` souvenirs ' if that makes you happy ? 
  manchurians are n't mongols fyi . 
  they have their own language and all . 
  by the time of manchu invasion the remnant of mongol empire was already a vassal state of imperial china as an after effect of kublai 's conquest . 
  it was also cheaper to lease tried & tested system from a trusted ally . 
  france did n't do this because degaulle was n't terribly fond of growing anglo-american influence and believed in keeping france militarily separate and self-sufficient . 
  meaning that the us has not sold them rights of use to technology in those missiles so unless the brits develop a completely different missile system they have to keep on leasing those missiles from the us . 
  if its large enough the wind ripples it is then i.e moving water . 
  mosquito larvae need still water surface to be able to breath through it . 
  though there are certain mosquito species which do n't need water to hatch and develop . 
  when has the common sense ever stopped a good demagogic fervor ? 
  nah , black flies and midges . 
  mosquitoes do n't like moving water like ponds or lakes . 
  nah nah we got more pregnant teens then you do !, 
  no wait that 's not good stat to be nr 1 ... 
  it 's still tsekki to me . 
  there 's one thing that all the nay sayers seem to forget and that 's tourism . 
  - how much would you be willing to see those 1st man on the moon foot prints ? 
  the american flag , the chinese jade bunny and other moon rovers and equipment left there ? 
  also moon offers same benefits as iss but with the added bonus of at least minimal gravity which does n't treat human physique as hard as being on the iss with out gravity . 
  also heck on the moon the normal loo might actually even work in some fashion unlike on iss that has no gravity . 
  their pr-dept would be a good point of entry , me thinks . 
  well , there 's already several zelenogorsk in russia , 
  i 'd name it ` kuumaa ' but most people ca n't spell double vocals or consonants ... neuropa is nicely neutral or maybe name derived from the building site in moon . 
  i 'm honestly surprised that the marcian bear was n't eradicated as a `` pest '' long ago . 
  yep , just like philippines did . 
  seems like the russian army is n't exactly succeeding though , seeing how there 's still separatists and rebel scum in east ukraine and krim trying to pull the country apart ... oh wait a minute . 
  and the `` luxury '' sedans volga & zil volga , volga !, 
  the problem with french cars was n't the production quality so much , rather the over-engineering which led to overcomplicated cars that were prone to malfunction if rigorous maintenance schedule was n't adhered . 
  on the price of used one at home ofc . 
  and if comparison ca n't be found for the model they 'll slap an arbitrary amount . 
  this whole system was a hold-out from the currency regulation-eras when a nation currency-value was dependent on trade deficit . 
  cars were an expensive import - tax them like no tomorrow and nobody imports cars - or at least not as many as otherwise would have been imported and as a bonus the state gets a hefty tax revenue and used car sales boom to keep the domestic dealers and used parts sales men happy . 
  win-win for the state , ehh ? 
  it was done by approximating the value between a new car and your import ...
