  sounds more like the authors have mixed up their wish for larger autonomy with independence . 
  we have separatist movement in kainuu . 
  really ? 
  i 've never even heard of it ... 
  well , `` hollanti '' is so much shorter to write than `` alankomaat '' and it 's not like most finns even know there 's a distinction between the two i think . 
  like the finnish business man who asked a chinese company to translate his business and travel documents to chinese with chinese characters ( ofc . ), 
  and then wondered why the police and passport officers were always pausing when they got to his name risto and then started snickering behind his back ... 
  finally a chinese friend of his told him that someone had transliterated his full name to literally mean ` pineapples in a can '' . 
  elk and reindeer go together nicely with horse in a metwurst . 
  just call the open variety `` bread with butter '' like the rest of europe and you 're good . 
  well , as it was used as a base for beer and mead so ... yeah it absolutely deserves to have it 's own month ;-), 
  ` raka ' is suspiciously close to northern finnish dialect word ` rakka ' which means barren fields of rocks on a fell , and that 's what march mostly is in the north ; bare and so far barren earth before grass begins to grow again . 
  i like how the host on radio commented this morning `` i completely agree ; gays should have equal rights for a messy divorce '' which is what a gay marriage essentially is from a point of law . 
  red currant is too sweet for meat , i prefer smashed lingonberries . 
  never really thought that mai * tse * , vesi * tse * , tei * tse * etc was a case on its own but when used with air it becomes lent\u00e4en . 
  ( by land , by sea , by roads ), 
  just face it , both ericson and sony were pretty much shit phones at their phase out from the market and nobody really missed them gone anymore than they did miss siemens & philips and the only reason sony wanted ericson was because of their strong network division - you know the division that makes the stuff for the telephone companies so you can use your phone . 
  they were still a whole a lot better that their biggest competitor ericson ... man , that phone was just out of reality when it came to competitors , you know , `` normal '' - sized screens in nokia vs the two row that was in ericson ... 
  when sony bought ericson for cheap to get into network business ( phone division was almost dead already ) nobody batted an eyelid . 
  yeah base lease was at -39 and when finns told stalin to sod of with his cruddy deal he started the winter war but i ca n't seem to recall if the occupation of baltics was happening at the same time with the war or after march and the signing of interim peace . 
  i 'm leaning it was at june -40 . 
  around the same time when hitler invaded poland.to fulfill their part in molotov-ribbentrop pact . 
  i do n't recall the exact date but it was at least until early 1940 when soviets annexed all baltics instead of just leasing military bases . 
  i 'd love to see the cashiers face if i 'd offer that to buy coffee at vienna ... 
  there 's an older synonym for one in finnish eka ( first one ) , which is fairly close to hungarian egy . 
  not sure but i 'm 99 % sure it has the same source as estonian taane . 
  to be pedantic ... it 's not a ` real ' g but * ng * a specific finnish noun which for some reason does n't have it 's own letter even though it rightfully should . 
  it was originally r or t depending on dialect and vocal harmony in the words such as syd\u00e4n was either syt\u00e4n or syr\u00e4n and kadulla was karulla . 
  what i recall d did n't become fully codified to finnish orthography until as late as mid-19th century . 
  because of missing d we have many old david-names spelt as taavi , taavetti and raavit, 
  do n't need it if it 's been sailing a week or two as international mail before arrival ... 
  d is also not a `` natural '' letter in finnish and should be in brackets with b , c , f and g. though , it 's considered ` naturalized ' now and part of the correct spelling ... 
  natti/hippa is the name of the hide & seek game that i used to play as a kid . 
  osthro-goth is probably the likeliest source for german loans in balto - finnic language group . 
  they used to live in today 's poland and belarus . 
  so geographically quite close to finnic tribes . 
  interesting because icelandic is the closest language to old norweigian . 
  so in theory it should be quite easy to understand but reality is something else . 
  that 's because you 're not running it simultaneously through upper germany ... heime is the same as german heimat for example . 
  this diagram also ignores all finno-ugric languages in the european part of russia and northern scandinavia . 
  hard ones are military , war , nationalism , industry taxation ( capitalism ) i.e `` manly '' things while soft are `` lady '' things such as health care , social issues etc. 
  not my divide , it 's based on some french misogynists floor plan in their senate at the 18th century , like much of modern parliamentarianism is . 
  political theory & science . . you know there are people who study decision making and the forming of parties at universities , you should look it up . 
  it 's very interesting . 
  what besides left-leaning media says otherwise ? 
  do you even politics , pal ? 
  right-wing party is one holding so called ` hard ' - values while far left is seen as holding ` soft ' political values . 
  parties seen as central hold a mix of both with a lean to either side , usually it 's the difference in social politics which then can be further divided down to liberal , conservative etc. 
  depending on the currently most popular political theory . 
  though lukashenko is a dictator , he has been quite civil one up to this point . 
  i hope it does n't change despite the current unrest . 
  i was going to european . 
  and what the fuck makes you say that a nationalistic central-leftist party is automatically racist ? 
  are all german right-wing parties automatically nazi & fascist inclined ? 
  do all germans have instinctual liking to offer camping inside barbed wire fences ? 
  and fyi perus - in perus-suomalaiset party is often mistranslated as true , elementary etc , because perus - as a word compound is almost impossible to translate for those who are n't finnish . 
  it 's a cultural idiom that is something along the lines of ` deep rooted . 
  or ` something that 's in the heart of the matter ' . 
  actually 33k once you have cleaned out the 2 % and 1 % out from the us statistics . 
  civilian , captured by partisans around -43 as far as i remember from the interview i 've read . 
  soviets were n't very particular about when they were releasing their prisoners ... 
  educated slave workforce was hard to find . 
  i 'm pretty convinced that if / r/alexf2000 gets any outlier he 'll be in deep space . 
  finnish is no an unknown language and it 's not the fault of finnish researchers that kgb-archive records are so hard to get even for something as simple as historic research that not many care to do the work . 
  much of these numbers are gained from nkvd/kgb archives that were opened at the -90 s when soviet union collapsed . 
  102 of 1700 dead in just 3 months is an atrocious number of deaths . 
  last finnish prisoners that were still alive were released around -53 if memory serves . 
  c'mon hattivatti are cute , 
  in the nordic countries 10-12 $ / h is pretty much the average these days and i assume its fairly close to that in other wealthy eu-countries as well . 
  sweet you just made like 1/6th of your hourly wage in five seconds . 
  nice anemone coronaria you 've got there . 
  you kidding me ? 
  sweden does n't even have a real army anymore . 
  they have about 3000 officers and a couple of thousand men as voluntary conscription . 
  finland is the one with an actual field army in the nordics these days while danish and norwegians have professional army with nato to back them up . 
  there 's also / r/finland sub for those who ca n't speak finnish . 
  crotch rocket ? 
  * tirsk * nato war in korea he says at -50 ' -53 ' * tirsk *, 
  i 'm not sure which person you are trying to reply here because i 've never said that . 
  the whole thing about about worrying iranian nukes is pretty much u.s paranoia against iran , why those anti-missiles are in romania is probably because of ballistic orbit and strategically it 's better to have them in stable european country than in unreliable turkey . 
  thre 's nothing hypocritic . 
  romania has every right to have bazillion nato soldiers in its territory and russian can bitch and moan all they like but just because there are nato-soldiers in eastern european members of nato does n't make it an existential threat to russia . 
  i do n't hear norwegians or finnish governments moaning like its the end of the world just because russia has nuclear sub 's in murmansk 40km from norway & finland border or 50 fighter jets at re-opened ala-kurtti base some 50km form finnish border but russia bitches when romania has 500 something allied nato forces and a couple of swanky anti-missile missiles like 600km away from its borders . 
  which wo n't happen without a major international push back , something which i doubt china is wanting to test quite just yet but they may in the future . 
  because those uninhabited islands were deemed worthless before someone figured that there might be oil somewhere in there , so nobody gave two fucks who held them ? 
  you know why they 're just now being divvied ? 
  because deep sea drilling has reached the point where drilling below 3km is profitable and technically possible . 
  yeah , join the club though the clubhouse is getting pretty full ... 
  but i 'm sure we can still find you a seat here at the ` club being wronged by the ruskies ' . 
  i wonder why you felt the need to play the whataboutism-card ? 
  why does romania have any territorial waters near crimea ` when ukraine 's coast stretches like a hundred miles west past moldova from krim ? 
  is that some kind of commie block deal leftover from cold war ? 
  edit : but of course oil and that weird sea bead-thingy, 
  still better than daily mirror . 
  i wonder what kind of threat measurement was used here ... romania and russia do n't even share a border by any stretch of the margin unless we 're counting moldavia as a russian puppet state . 
  you know i read that as `` immoral '' and was all - hmm , hmm quite right you are ... 
  well , obviously with people who jump when `` ata '' erdogan says jump !, 
  we have just [ yyteri ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d3/yyteri1.jpg ) in finland . 
  and in finnish koitos is ` event ' with connotation that it ' a heroic . 
  got to love word friends , ehh ?
