  that 's too bad , i liked their protein yoghurt . 
  well it 's their heritage now since they stole it . 
  more like living next to a country with a leader with near ( well might as well say absolute ) despotic powers , laws that only function as a tool to be used like a club when the said despot feels threatened , civil rights that also exist because it 's convenient and most of all is now a country that thinks annexing neighbors via covert ops and proxies is a valid strategy for building business and international relations . 
  yes , yes , us does the same but at least they had/have a hell a lot better pr about it and admit it when they fuck up when confronted with evidence . 
  better irrelevant then a failed rogue state . 
  here in finland you 'd hear three hurrah ' if russia would collapse and disintegrate into smaller nations ... we 've been living in the shadow of russian empire and its whims for more than a thousand years and their demise as ` the boogie man from the east ' certainly wont make anyone cry a river here . 
  that 's because its from the same base word as ` vaara ' in finnish eastern dialects which means forested hill . 
  similar to skolt sabme tundr which means tunturi ( treeless hill/mountain ) and russians loaned it for tundra . 
  not surprising , considering that in finnish er\u00e4 & er\u00e4st\u00e4\u00e4 are old words for hunting game which you typically do in a forest . 
  i also highly doubt that mets\u00e4 would have anything to do with proto-baltic it original form is closer to ` meff\u00e4 ' which is very near how its in kama finno-ugric languages ` mezs ' . 
  likely because 99 % of nsfw contain less nipples and naked skin then you saw when you were born . 
  though if i would be getting fired for nsfw it would n't be because of porn but from browsing the internet while i 'm supposedly at work . 
  shit like this is the reason why we finns decided to fight tooth and nail against the soviets . 
  we knew what would happen if we 'd give up ... better to die free than live as slaves . 
  rumours of purges and pogroms against finnic people in karelia , ingria and later estonia had been floating around at the border settlements since the early 30 's . 
  more likely reason is that assad knows that if he leaves now then everything fall to pieces just like what happened in libya right after gaddafi 's regime had left the building . 
  so in other words assad can not leave and he can not lose either and only difference between the two is whether he gets stoned by an angry mob . 
  just a little touch of paint and she 'll be as good as new !, 
  rather english know shit about canals they had to brought in dutch to built those also most english technical stuff is more or less rubbish from user point of view pretty much like the french tech . 
  german tech i like because it has minimum bells and whistles or weird gimmicks and thus works solid . 
  also at least londoner gays tend to be quite `` loaded '' ( by appearance at least ) when going out so i 'm not really surprised if they are targeted for rolling on some dingy alley or neighbourhood . 
  seems they stole that from russian ~ ~ gay basher ~ ~ civil rights activist 's play book . 
  simple ; prussia united germany at the 19-20th century and prussian ` speciality ' was militaristic order throughout its whole culture adhered with fanaticism bordering religion . 
  the idiom has stuck on germans ever since . 
  wait so your compulsory finnish classes sucked as much as our compulsory swedish classes ? 
  til, 
  beauty of english is that sentence structure is extremely simple allowing anyone to learn basic english very , very quickly . 
  advanced grammar and spelling rules in english how ever are like a treacherous moor that at any moment can suck you under . 
  a word friend is a word that is written the same but has a completely different meaning for example pulm = wedding in estonian pulma = trouble in finnish , piim = milk in estonian , piim\u00e4 = sourmilk in finnish . 
  considering the amount of word friends between finnish and estonian that 's quite the opposite imho . 
  neighbours & the press banging at the door , maybe ? 
  you do realise that us medical assembly was seriously considering on naming aids as ` gay plague ' in the 80 's ? 
  it 's because a wounded bear is the most dangerous one and a dying one even more so . 
  bare in mind that i went to school in the 80 's and 90 's ; things might have changed in 30 years . 
  they way system works now is that you have your b language at 3rd grade which can anything but since there usually are teachers available only for english , french , swedish and german your pretty much limited to those , swedish is of c. mandatory so everyone has that as a nr1 . 
  hate language . 
  ols system was that you started your addtional languages at 7th grade which were as given above for the same reasons and that stupid mandatory swedish that everyone hated and still hates . 
  frankly if i was in jail in a place like guantanamo bay or in any other american prison while being innocent i would join isis as well just for the chance of shooting some americans . 
  depends on how old your wirings are as these days european emc rules dictate that ground and neutral should be kept separate . 
  that is they are connected only on a circuit board and not in the actual outlet as it used to be . 
  you do n't even know what a wood farm is if you call that young pine stand a ` tree farm ' . 
  because you would n't help us if push came to show , no one ever has . 
  you 'd just take our money and run after sending some token aid so you could feel good about yourselves ... we 've always had to fend for ourselves when it comes to wars . 
  i think it 's the [ lake effect ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lake-effect_snow ) in action . 
  which sounds about right since swedes had a habit of `` swedicising '' finnish placenames and then those ` mangled ' names were later finniziced which led to some pretty weird placenames which no longer have any real meaning in either language ... lappeenranta means ` beach by the border ' in finnish because it used to be siding at the opposite stretcher of so called ` old finland ' of kymeenjoki valley after the russians had invaded the eastern flanks after the war of the hats . 
  those are n't stave churches and they could use couple of hundred tons of good old fashioned pine tar ... 
  nah , it 's a typical russian project . 
  it ' will be done half-way then abandoned for a decade due to lack of funds and started and finished after a bloody regime change at which point its already obsolete . 
  so in other words ; in your mind its perfectly a-okay for russia to break the [ international treaty ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/budapest_memorandum_on_security_assurances ) it had signed in budapest at 1994 about guaranteeing that it would respect ukrainian sovereignty in exchange for ukraine to abolish their nuclear arsenal ? 
  it 's an investment for the future from a russian viewpoint . 
  should finland ever becomes hostile to russian interests , they 'll have everything ready and all they need is to give the order . 
  probably not since even pear has problems surviving here , apricots , almonds and peach ca n't be grown at all . 
  it 's only a grape-sized but very hardy , someone should cross-pollinate the two so we could start growing them in the north when the tundra thaws . 
  you can grow `` kiwi '' in finland too , unfortunately actinidia colomicta ( kiinan laikkuk\u00f6ynn\u00f6s ) has only grape sized ` kiwis ' but hey it 's still a ` kiwi ' ... 
  why are n't you growing the better tasting and larger golden kiwi ? 
  matjess sill ... with neuwe potatjiis ( sp ? ), 
  one of my favorite dishes . 
  honestly imo lemin s\u00e4r\u00e4 & karelian stew would have been better representatives of finnish cuisine than sauteered reindeer . 
  it 's likely a classic paranoid caution in an attempt to disrupt missiles from being easily homed directly to kremlin with a gps tracking . 
  though i would imagine cruise or ballistic missiles have back up systems to avoid just that . 
  i have many favourite songs but i 've always been especially partial for this traditional hymn : [ t\u00e4\u00e4ll\u00e4 pohjant\u00e4hden alla ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wkhwp2kl460 ), 
  if the infection is caused by mycoplasm or virus , the regular antibiotics will have little effect . 
  and you have zero reading comprehension . 
  they may compensate for it but nothing says that the forfeiture is market price for the property . 
  ten bucks that hungarian government has ever paid full market price for any land they 've claimed for communal developments such as fields or homes left under roads , dams or housing projects . 
  venezuela , iran and cuba would like a word with that viewpoint ... 
  and what if this ` new home ' is only a fraction of what the old one was worth and who gets to decide which political view is the next target to be oppressed ? 
  what would stop the government from seizing other assets as well as property , such as cash based on being used for the good of the ` currently wrong ' political group ? 
  for the record usa has already given an example of what could be with their forfeiture & rico laws . 
  if we just start accepting these kind of things as ` the norm ' for how to shut up the people whose opinions ` we ' do n't like ... 
  i 'm not defending or arguing for those neo-nazi idiots here but rather the most basic civil liberties . 
  which to me are being violated even though the anti-nazi laws of austria apparently allow this . 
  honestly , government possessing your home because you have `` the wrong attitude and/or clientele '' is really slippery slope . 
   the owner had repeatedly refused to sell the building . 
  it was unclear whether she changed her mind or if the government acted on plans to dispossess her . 
  - really , they can do that in austria ? 
  take your home and demolish it because some deuce bag big fame guy was born there ? -, 
  that 's not news , norweigians have thought and treated us finnic people as subhuman scum ever since the 1800 's . 
  in fact they did n't stop the forced `` norweigization '' of finnic peoples ( sabme & kven ) until well in the 80 's . 
  they still have a special category where only swedish & danish can enter to work without the need of expensive paperwork and then wonder why so few finns have interest in coming to work at norway ... 
  tecnically , they did n't . 
  u.s forces `` invited '' themselves in after the french withdrew and truly joined the war only after the kissinger machinated casus belli incidents at tonkin bay . 
  and romanian gold ... 
  getting rid of him would have shortened the war , besides he is a total asshole of a dictator whose death is a service to the world . 
  had the soviets never supported the arab socialists , had the english & french never colonized middle-east etc. 
  see ? 
  we can go with ** this ** shit round and round ... 
  it brings nothing to this talk . 
  true , that would be a flood big enough to make the great benelux flood of -53 to look like children playing at the swimming pool . 
  brits actually did that more than once during the war ; bombed the dams to flood german cities and to disrupt the power-plants . 
  that 's how most civil wars end - one side gets big enough to grind the rest to paste and then the war would have already been over . 
  sure a lot of people would be dead but there also would be no more war and no more refugees from syria . 
  yes , because they were the smallest group in syria at the beginning of the war and they gained their foothold mainly because in the early months most of the anti-assad groups were poorly led and ill-equipped which the iraqi-based jihadists were n't . 
  i doubt they been nearly as successful if the former government troops would have banded with some of the bigger original insurgent groups to form `` new syrian troops '' or what ever they might have been called . 
  had assad gotten himself killed in the first week , much of the mess would probably have been cleared already ... 
  though it 's up to debate on whose side those former government/assad troops would then have decided to bolster and what kind of people would be in charge but i doubt it would have been the islamists . 
  it was more about reclaiming the land than ` conquering ' new land from the sea . 
  netherlands is in an area where post-glacial rebound is reversed i.e the land is slowly sinking and it reached the tipping point somewhere around the middle ages when storms permanently flooded much of the old coastline . 
  it was n't before the 1300 's when the dutch actively started fighting back the sea to reclaim what had been lost . 
  in theory it 's doable as the dogger bank is very shallow , the highest point of the bank is only about 20ft below water .
