  besides , roundup is monsanto product so ofc they create a crop that `` uses '' their product and not for example berner 's herbicide . 
  however should be reminded that what russia is currently doing is not that different from what china or us are doing , biggest difference is that of the three only russians do n't give a rats ass if they happen to rock the boat or even sink it all together as long as they possess the only life jacket on board . 
  well not technically when you opposition just so happens to get conveniently murdered or jailed for tax frauds in middle of campaign . 
  you know there 's just so much violence these days . 
  technically they invaded ukraine and krim with oil money that is they oiled the pockets of army tops ranks and others well before the invasion . 
  now they just use east-ukraine to test some missile systems on passenger planes and feed enough supplies and elite troops to keep the stalemate on going since ukrainian government is unwilling to fully commit and crush the opposition in fear of russian `` intervention '' on premise of `` protecting russian civilians '' . 
  try both gulf wars which were in the beginning as conventional as they can be , characteristic is that us et al lost more soldiers during occupation then with actual fighting against saddam 's regime . 
  basically better trained and equipped us lead coalition steam rolled over a much larger army with shoddy equipment and training . 
  same thing happened with ukraine where russians knew exactly how bad was ( and still is ) the equipment , training and most of all morale in the ukrainian army . 
  point being that on this day and age numbers mean nothing unless your battle is fought as a human wave with ww i style tactics . 
  well , so would you if you 'd have a hostile nuclear superpower with as many soldiers as is the population of your country led by totalitarian ideology espousing and advocating for world dominance in our lifetime, 
  if sweden mails in their application to join nato it wont take more than a day or two for finland to send theirs and the russians know this , i think . 
  so they 're trying to keep some kind of ` equilibrium ' in their odd ` we 're not threatening you , no sir . 
  just advising ' kind of roundabout way typical to old soviet politics which putin 's regime has adopted . 
  do n't forget the constant slave raids by the russians . 
  it used to be the primary way for russian czars to pay for their cossack mercenaries . 
  yep particularly at london where it has been a problem for almost 600-700 years or so i.e since the tudors at least . 
  the other one is traffic . 
  emissions were n't regulated before the 70 's and the oil crisis . 
  that fog on those pictures btw is n't ; it 's smog that 's how polluted those cities were at the time . 
  reminded me of an old joke ; learn to recognize poisonous mushrooms and pick only those that you recognize . 
  would be worrying if there were any significant reasons to bomb anything in sweden . 
  as far as i can recall `` being a good guy '' and not just a `` good sikh '' is one of the fundamental tenets of traditional sikhism . 
  b\u00e4ttre folk is an old adage for swedish speaking finns as they in general had more wealth being a one time upper class and because they more or less looked upon ordinary finns `` along their noses '' and fought ( and still do ) tooth and nail to keep `` very important world language '' swedish alive and force fed to finns so that they would n't have to speak finnish in finland . 
  actual long term is `` svenska talande b\u00e4ttre folk '' . 
  it 's not bad as far as vodka 's go though i prefer to leave the grass for sheep and drink mine without . 
  it used to be made from a specific sausage made by a specific company in pori but that company has been gone for decades by now . 
  sausage is onion sausage with real onions not some fake shitty no actual onion sausages you gereally see in the super market . 
  that explains why the style looked very familiar and oddly clean for a russian village . 
  yep , that tiny little village in sw-finland with over 120k inhabitants, 
  that 's because frankly training for american police is rather balls in that it 's short , mostly taught by other cops on field and has an army discipline to enforce `` we vs them '' mentality and that even steven fucking seagull with an illegal boytoy in the basement can be a cop if he want 's to be a one . 
  here in finland it 's 3 years to graduate as a police officer with a university degree in law enforcement . 
  so do i. 
  they can rob me blind because there 's no law but their greed to stop them , and since its the power-grid company they can charge as much as they want and my only option is to either disconnect from grid and to use my own generator or keep suffering from being overcharged and that 's what 's making me so frustrated . 
  i 've no choice what so ever in the matter . 
  well actually there was a one of the best public transports in the world in la during the 30 's and it was deliberately ran to the ground with bribes from the car industry to sell more cars . 
  `` who framed roger rabbit '' is actually based around it . 
  it 's hardly cheap here . 
  i call it a fucking blind robbery that i pay 60-usd for the transport and only 20-usd for the actual electricity i use at my summer cottage . 
  it 's strictly needed for lighting only . 
  everything else is wood heated . 
  i very much feel like fucked in to ass without lube every month i pay my bill to caruna while the rich banksters laugh all the way to the bank . 
  got to love these word friends between finnish & estonian ... \u00fclest\u00f5usmisp\u00fchad - ulostamispyh\u00e4t , - excrement holiday though phonetically yl\u00f6stulemispyh\u00e4 is probably closer but not quite as funny sounding . 
  lihav\u00f5tted - lihavoitumispyh\u00e4t - fattening holidays munadep\u00fchad - munapyh\u00e4 - egg holiday is the only one which does n't completely change its meaning . 
  make the bow from laburnum alpinum , taxus baccata or coryllus avellana i.e just like always . 
  ash was n't the most ideal and never has been for longbow making . 
  the best is yew then elm and third is hazel nut , ash is only slightly better than scottish hornbean . 
  i think the weirdest thing is that by this rate finland is going to be the last refuge for elms , ashes and pines in europe ... 
  so far finland is the only european nation where none of these invasive insects and fungi are n't found ( yet ) , though last year there was a confirmed outbreak of blue asian borer beetles which by all estimation has now been eradicated . 
  how many species of these invasive `` destroyer bug outbreaks '' are we going to tolerate until we force the chinese to either abandon wooden shipping crates or to poison/steam the f ** k out of them and shipping containers in order to prevent this from happening ? 
  we really should take heed from what australia & z are doing . 
  dutch elm disease came form japan at the 70 's , the rest can be traced to china & east asia after 1990 's and americans got their ` pine problem ' from infected foreign live pine saplings brought from europe . 
  many people do n't know this but ash species are also crucial for the forest floor ecology . 
  ash bark & plant matter is slightly alkaline , which keeps the soil rich and from becoming acidic , and major part of what makes central european forests the way they are now . 
  terroist caught in last friday admitted he was involved in `` a terrorist attack to happen in brussels '' and my guess is that this might be it . 
  sounds like the way your average finn pronounces his school taught swedish . 
  well you know an air craft sized missile in a luggage is so easy to miss on a busy airport ... / s, 
  translation : there has been a case in tabloids in recent days where a felon convicted from a murder did n't return from his prison leave in time at the prison of kylm\u00e4koski . 
  the inmate returned ( to prison ) from his unauthorized leave on his own volition one and a half week later at wednesday evening . 
  tells something about our prison system when inmates voluntarily return on their own after they first escape it . 
  might want see the difference between a finnish or nordic prison and a romanian one and ask again ; main difference being that ours has no wall unless it 's meant for wackos , meaning anyone who cares to actually escape from their median of 3-4 years max sentence can do so even if for a few days usually until inevitably found by the police . 
  surpising amount of cars considering it 's 1936 . 
  at least ireland was easy to spot from that guinness logo and ~ ~ athens ~ ~ greece always has that funny looking owl ... 
  like so many obstacles in life the laws of economics are but an illusion held fast by the focus and belief of the one who creates it, 
   i feel like i do n't even know what the stereotypes are about austria coffee and strudels ? 
  i guess hairy like a bear with a mustaches to match means macho these days with all these clean shaven `` tit cheeks '' around . 
  i keep reading turkish y\u00fcrek as juures which means root ( vegetable ) in finnish . 
  that 's the point we do n't name the forests in finland and only rarely are they an isolated ` forest islands ' without a connection to other forests . 
  if a part of a particular forest needs a name then you name it after the nearest convenient geographical location you can name from the map otherwise it 's a forest and that 's it . 
  some flower species only exist on meadows and pastures and pastures and meadow need cows and sheep or other herbivores to stay as a meadow . 
  telling is that when dutch kids were to ask questions from other students in other countries one of them asked from finnish kids `` how many forests are there and what are their names ? '', 
  ^ umm ^ yeah ^ that ^ might ^ be ^ a ^ bit ^ tall ^ order, 
  vowel harmony is extremely regular in sense that it 's tied to which parts of the mouth form the vowel so certain combinations such as a\u00d6 a\u00c4 o\u00d6 etc. 
  for example simply can not exist or they must at atleast have double vowel or a neutral consonant near by such as \u00c4n\u00d6 an\u00c4 ( consequently that \u00d6 and a in that \u00c4n\u00d6an\u00c4 are very difficult to pronounce for a finn , however if you replace that n with m it becomes far easier to pronounce ) and so on and so on . 
  but yeah very very simple rules if you pronounce words like a finn . 
  also ulkomaalainen = foreigner also means `` outside of this world '' = maan ulkopuolinen ie . 
  a literal space alien . 
  always best to not over analyze with languages you 're not familiar with . 
  interesting how \u00c4lem of arabic ( to know ) and el\u00e4m\u00e4 of finnish ( life ) are so close both as concepts and spelling . 
  finland here using some common sense when interpreting the laws as it is any law and edict is followed to the letter no matter how silly the rule it is until the supreme court finally gives an okay to bend the rules just a little ^ but ^ only ^ in ^ that ^ one ^ case ^ and ^ that ^ only, 
  germany and austria because of beer and crazy ludvig 's play boy mansions ; those things are just outrageous i 've only been to one ( and as usual for the life of me i ca n't remember the name except that it was near munich and has a lake in the basement with swan gondolas if you can believe it ) but i would love to see the rest . 
  well kurds are the most available perfect scape goat for the general public so kurds did it , besides those mofos dare to dislike glorious turkish leader erdogan anyway . 
  edit : not that this is in anyway a new idea for example in the 70 's italian right did a series of assasinations with the help of cia of it 's own leaders and blamed it all on the leftist groups , all in the name of stopping the evil boogey man called communism . 
  personally i prefer butter over jam in my oatmeal . 
  eat as porridge , make bread from it , substitute rice with it and ofc make beer & viina from it . 
  mainly barley , rye , oat meal and wheat pretty much in this order . 
  though barley & rye tend to switch by region in breads . 
  wheat bread used to be something to eat when people wanted ` sweet pastries ' . 
  the reason being that wheat did n't grow well in finland , its too cold and soil is too acidic for pretty much anything but barley , oat and rye to be grown in notable quantity before the modern times so only rich bourgeois or land barons could afford wheat fields instead of the three more reliable cereals . 
  well those elk 's ai n't going to shoot them selves you know . 
  the usual which is frozen and a sudden thaw . 
  notice how the border at karelian isthmus does n't change at all in that map while in reality the border changed like every 50-100 years or so depending on which side was winning . 
  that 's what you get when attacking against french designed gun fortress without proper preparations . 
  `` you have been targeted for termination . '', 
  looks like someone has taken a little bit too literal in russia at the local layoff 's . 
  it is . 
  the current producer price is around 7 $ / kilo so that 's about 154 000 usd worth of nuts . 
  also eu uses 220v and that will fry your 110v rated monitors so slugging those to eu is a colossal waste of time , your tower fares better since your power usually has a switch or is rated for both 110 and 220v also the plugs are more then likely incompatible with power power sockets . 
  very much this , personally i think that even if you 're a pedophile it takes a special kind of person to actually go and act out solely on your urges and then blame the victim , your urges or anything else as long as you do n't have to admit that it was you who made the decision . 
  actually depending on sect a devout muslim is required to `` empty him self '' by hand if necessary and middle east has posts along the roads for doing just that .
