  well that is literally asking for a fight to be honest , equivalent would be pushing people around until you find someone who fights or pushes back . 
  denmark might help since tom cruise has a taste for placenta iirc . 
  now that would be a true treasure trove of knowledge . 
  this also opens the possibility of finding other , older , well preserved remains ... 
  it would be a true goldmine for anthropologists if the thawing glaciers would reveal , say a neanderthalian whose preserved as well as \u00d6tzi was . 
  even another such neolithic cadaver would be a sensation . 
  also chemical weapons and low radioactive nuclear waste too ... 
  never thought i 'd see a thing like this built in actually workable scale . 
  i thought it was supposed to be a [ nepenthes - picher plant ] ( https://fi.wikipedia.org/wiki/kannukasvit#/media/file:kelabit_highlands_n._vogelii_28.jpg ), 
  bad bot . 
  in finland we have 'm \u00e4t\u00e4kuu ' that is about same time as astrological leo ( 23.7 . -- 23.8 ) it was also in calendars up until 1995 . 
  name is means rotting which it self is misspelling from german through danish and swedish to finnish but then again high humidity and heat made everything spoil easier so rotting month may not be wrong after all . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dog_days from sirius or a dog star . 
  and elo also means to live and you live if you get something to harvest ... 
  simple . 
  really ? 
  putin actually spouted that crap to the president of france ? 
  i really thought putin to be an intelligent and shrewd guy ... that 's like king of sweden telling to the prime minister of israel that swedish are the lost tribe of israel mentioned in the bible ( a crack pot racial history theory by 1700 's swedish nationalists ) . 
  his just a russia shill , there 's no convincing a paid troll whose being paid to deny that the `` great ussr '' could have actually been as exhausted as it 's tiny western neighbor and ready for armistice after losing closer to a million men and 2000 tanks in just three months . 
  i think it stems from the fact that unlike with the nazis the crimes of the communists have never been properly aired in ussr or its successor russia . 
  in the past 100-years the old communist regime has achieved a hard to break `` halo of heroism '' because nobody has ever been allowed to truly shake the nationalistic ` hallowed cult of heroic russians ' . 
  it 's simply too beneficial as a propaganda tool for the current and previous regimes to be allowed to be tarnished . 
  ironically enough ... that map is almost in exact with the area in finnish control from -41 to -43 . 
  i love the way it seems like it 's floating in air . 
  damn that sea looks inviting on hot summer day . 
  then the lightning strikes on the umbrella ... 
  most direct translator for ` h\u00e4vitt\u00e4j\u00e4 ' is actually ` eradicator ' ... 
  so keep out you spanish hooligans . 
  there were even some 30 odd koreans there ... 
  many of the ` unusual nationalities ' had been forcibly conscripted by the soviets , then `` freed '' by the germans and then became pov 's for the allied again . 
  full circle i 'd say . 
  if i did n't know better i 'd say that 's either the aftermath of a football match or a riot ... polish fans have a reputation of being ` intense ' . 
  and not really even in continuation war but when nobody sells you more guns & ammo but the germans ... you atke what you can get , in this case the deal came as package deal with the caveat of being lumped with `` camp hitler '' . 
  we did n't cut the murmansk railway either even though we could have done it . 
  mannerheim , an old czar 's army general , knew that there was no way the germans could win/conquer all of russia and played his cards accordingly . 
  it 's a nut originally mainly harvested from brazil , though because the brazilians have largely destroyed the forestlands surrounding the amazon basin , most brazil aka para nuts come from columbia , peru and bolivia these days . 
  para nut ca n't be cultivated , it needs an old growth forest of other trees to thrive . 
  we already have the first two and re-training for free is actually available to all . 
  `` in my empire there 's no sunset '' might be okay too but then again my spanish is pretty rubbish to be honest , so i 'll take your interpretation for it . 
  have to admit that i read that as `` pregnant '' far far too many times . 
  hey i 'm born in the -80 so 2005 is n't that long ago for me . 
  i think that - `` at my empire sun does not set '' sounds better . 
  and did it solely for the gaulish gold . 
  caesar was borderline pauper and desperately needed to win at gaul to be able to keep buying enough votes back in rome . 
  wait what merkel has been in the lead only since 2006 ? 
  who was leading germany before that schr\u00f6der , right ? 
  feels like merkel has been ruling germany since for ever , not a bad thing though imo . 
  umm ... the castle sits on top of bedrock/mountain , it has a river running right below the main bridge and there 's a gorge separating the castle at all sides . 
  at one point there has also been a forecastle and outer walls at the base . 
  what you 're seeing in that picture is the just main keep . 
  well considering that you guys have ruled each other back and forth over the centuries it 's understandable that you are united in happy mediocrity . 
  well today was a scorching 25c with 97 % humidity it 's just so unbearable to work in these conditions !, 
  russian infrastructure at the time was also extremely underdeveloped which forced the germans to either building new roads or being forced to use and improve existing ones to be able to move their vast supply caravans following the wehrmacht . 
  which made the supply lines extremely juicy & easy to spot targets for the soviets . 
  damn , back when it was originally built that castle would have been a real pain to overrun without prolonged siege or cannons . 
  that 's hartwall 's brand but the main thing is that international conglomerates like anhauser-busch and carlsberg have overrun and subsidized all other major finnish breweries leaving the olvi oyj as the sole `` truly finnish '' brewery . 
  i do n't count laitilan wirvoitusjuomatehdas as a major brewery . 
  i mean , the whole dalmatia is practically a one huge karst depression . 
  i reuse mine as trash bags for general household trash and put the food waste into cardboard ones and save money but not needing to buy a bag for those two . 
  indeed . 
  it 's actually just frightening how many of those who went fight for isis were university educated and/or otherwise quite well-off themselves and/or kids of wealthy families . 
  one would think the biggest ` pool ' to draw from to be from the depressing muslim projects of paris but no , it seems to be the university students . 
  i wonder if that rock is much lower at low tide ? 
  seems awfully small rock to put a lighthouse foundations otherwise . 
  that pic from russia looks amazing , as if the lake itself had split . 
  so unreal . 
  because erdo believes that his `` mullah junta '' will get better reception from dictator-like putin than liberal minded west . 
  i 'm betting his going announce turkey leaving nato next . 
  also more tourist trappy since that label is suspiciously in english . 
  i think was a cow shed . 
  that ` steeple ' is actually an air vent . 
  just add non-skimmed cream , no need for sugar then . 
  +60 now, 
  i think it would be really cool if hyperloop does become reality but i do n't hold my hopes up until i see it being successfully implemented in large scale instead of just running in closed test tracks and miniature dioramas . 
  it sure looks like what i 'd imagine the end of the world to look like . 
  yeah , wooden cross trade is going boom soon . 
  that 's because openly admitting that you knew a forest brother or someone aiding a one meant visit from kgb goons in short order ... as a russian immigrant 's child bourne after the -50 's you ofc would n't have known anything about that because it was a party line that there were no `` fascist partisans hiding in the woods '' they were just `` bandits , thugs or deranged individuals '' etc. 
  all ethnic estonians i know have been proud of their freedom fighters . 
  wow those skyrim mods get better and better all the time ... 
  that 's just so ... 1984 level of bullshit . 
  wait there is a view of paris that does n't have the eiffel tower on it ? 
  i 'm suspecting the 6th or 7th gen military aircrafts to be closer to huge drones with highly sophisticated ai 's to control them . 
  try same in a blizzard at -30 c. . . 
  i 'm betting you 'll take the spiders :p, 
  this makes me suddenly want to pay a visit to my closest `` abomination '' vendor ... to d\u00f6ner or not to d\u00f6ner now there 's a question . 
  it 's like the old days american tourists who could only feel happy if the resort had a hamburger/pizza joint because foreign food was ` too weird ' . 
  to be frank , common in cities as well before the 60 's when water and indoor closets became the majority in tenant housing as well . 
  the 40 days in quarantine itself is taken from the bible . 
  edit : obviously i 'm the only one who has actually read the bible here . 
  that , i 'm not fully sure but i do recall reading from somewhere that many were literally ` driven ' to finnskog at norway-side due to swede 's confiscating their property and even setting barns on fire and beating people up at market days for speaking finnish ... 
  while this kind of tension is n't new when an ethnically different group settles into a new area , the biggest blow to forest finn culture were the fines & sanctions for ` illegal ' slash & burning which was the preferred method for the finns to clear new fields ... and ` handily ' a nice legal way for the swedish crown to get new settlers to their recent american colonies . 
  i could try finding actual source links describing the tensions but i do n't think much has been written about it . 
  it should be noted that there were at least two major waves of finnish settlers to sweden proper , the first at the 1500 's and later at the late 1600 's and it was with the latter group that the swedish crown seemed to have had ` issues ' . 
  in the end most forest finns were absorbed into swedish speakers simply because back then keeping ones language was not seen all that important and any official day-to-day affairs were done in swedish anyway . 
  as far as i know , they lost the language when new sweden was first incorporated to new amsterdam and then a decade later became the english new york colony and the ` new blood ' from swedish realm dropped to trickles . 
  they , however never really lost their culture despite ( probably ) switching to english . 
  the fact that basically the only whites who never had any real gripes with the natives were the people of former new sweden ( swedes & finns retained their traditional land use policy of keeping it open to all ) and kept building from logs which later became the `` american '' frontiersman 's log cabin . 
  and did better than we had ever done under the swedish tyranny ... population alone tripled despite having the worst natural famine in the history of europe . 
  someone has been counting the `` booze cruises '' on estonia 's share ... 
  there 's been a finnish minority in sweden since the middle ages , probably since stone ages ... swedes just so happened to ship most of them to delaware colony or forcibly assimilated them like norwegians did to kvens .
