  when ussr collapsed they could start flaunting their ill-gained profits freely for the first time . 
  which is why the noveau-rich of 90 's russia have a certain ` reputation ' for going overboard with it . 
  well ... best korea has n't collapsed - yet and i really would n't count china as ` communistic ' anymore . 
  it 's more like an exercise in amalgamating what ever economical theories work to keep thing going in the name of the glorious party . 
  depends on the height , fall angle and what 's under your head ... 
  if you fall/slip uncontrollably backwards , the back of your head is almost every time the part that will hit the floor the hardest . 
  cops stopped hitting people on the head because killing man with a hit from a night stick or police baton to the head was about 60 % more likely than subduing him for arrest when done by inexperienced officers ... 
  so yeah it 's very common . 
  if you look closely you can see scaffolding at the top corner . 
  i think it was under renovation when the pic was taken . 
  the point seems to be that he does n't want to admit that brexiters are a bunch of diehard conservative pensioners from crumbling mining towns and rust belt cities . 
  the nakh peoples have been fighting for independence ever since the russians conquered the area from iran at late 1700 's . 
  like i 've said earlier the area is almost more trouble than its worth for russia to hold , but when has that stopped anyone that wants to hold land for the sake of holding it ? 
  probably . 
  to give a concrete example to you . 
  one of the hardiest mountain trees of greece the black pine - pinus nigra ... 
  i 've had an p. nigra austriaca variety which is from the alps , in my backyard at southern finland for 20 years now . 
  on last summer it finally reached the man 's height or 1,80 m. 
  really ? 
  what 's considered cold in greece because i 'm seeing houseplants in those planters ... 
  damn , but that handicap lift to akropolis is such an eyesore . 
  man , you 've got no idea how that thing is set to work if you really think that they detect metal in less than 100-200g clumps because if they did the machines would be screaming their `` heads off '' every single second from belt buckles , nail files , zippers , jewelry & coins ... everything that people normally carry in their clothes , pockets etc. 
  it would be an absolute nightmare at traffic hours . 
  they 're probably set to detect only larger objects such as guns or knives and bombs have almost no metal parts in them in the first place . 
  according to helsingin sanomat which quotes tass , they may have been homemade explosives with some kind of shrapnel included . 
  you know whats the real difference between a rebellion and an uprising ? 
  rate & level of success . 
  rebels are always those who do n't succeed and uprise are those which fulfill their goal ; be it an independence , toppling of existing government or any other usually political goal . 
  as the adage goes - one man 's insurgent is another mans rebel . 
  shah practically gifted over 70 % of iran 's oil to great britain , that 's why . 
  if chechnya did n't have oil fields , i doubt that anyone in russia would have really given a hoot when the chechen 's has their who know how many ` uprising ' in the 20th century alone around the 90 's . 
  chechnya has been a thorn in the bears foot ever since the czars had the not so smart idea to conquer the area for geopolitical reason back in the latter half of 1800 's . 
  oh my god [ ] ( #runningparrot ), 
  man , those are like the gnarliest birches i 've ever seen :|, 
  what spring , has been -5 c here the whole week ? 
  damn southeners always on a rush * grumble * edit : [ live feed ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rrwln17cuus ) from my home town . 
  edit2 : [ yyteri beach ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dscuornkc0u ) by the sea slumbering beneath the ice waiting for summer . 
  funded by eu , well that counts the brits out then . 
  gone with the wind . 
  when the ground water is poisoned by tnt to the point that even grass does n't grow in those places ... 
  it pretty much destroys it . 
  go visit at the no-go zones of france for once and tell me how well of those places are . 
  people left when they had no work and no future , there 's only a fraction of populace left in those municipalities . 
  i never said the whole are is a third world but it is underdeveloped in comparison to rest of france . 
  i bet your ideas of africa is from the -70 's is n't it ? 
  in a way it is . 
  the world wars pretty much permanently destroyed many of the most productive parts of north-eastern france particularly around verdun and the area has never quite recovered . 
  but it 's good with fish & chips ... 
  because for the past 45 years britain has signed all their trade treaties in understanding and/or together with eec & eu . 
  those deals will now become nullified because soon britain will no longer follow the eu-rules on which those deals were based on . 
  trade deals made within the commonwealth will probably stay as they are as well as individual deals between states where eu market is n't involved . 
  ofc . 
  if may does the sensible thing and keeps most of the already negotiated & ratified eu-directives intact after brexit , it should be fairly easy to renew most of the current trade deals but then the whole `` brexit '' would seem like a sham to her voters ... 
  it 's no myth that sweden 's wars sucked finland dry . 
  as soon as finland became part of russia and the constant warring of swedish kings came to an end with the disastrous war of 1808-1809 . 
  once the warring stopped finland 's population tripled in less than a century from less than 1 million to three million ... 
  this even with the most disastrous natural famine in the history of europe ( by population loss ) . 
  well it 's not like he could do anything about them anyway , considering he is nothing more but a sock puppet . 
   they never cite a specific number for finland once in their commentary . 
  exactly !, 
  the point i was trying to made . 
  http://www.euro.who.int/__data/assets/pdf_file/0003/160680/e96457.pdf?ua=1 rather they left out from statistics ( 2009 ) that our consumption is actually 0.2 l below eu average and that was 8 years ago and has been in steady decline ever since . 
  awesome the rat is leaving the sinking ship !!!, 
  sure you still want out engl\u00e4nder ? 
  then they leave out the fact that the report is from 2009 ... which is n't the report you 're showing btw . 
  and that alcohol consumption has dropped 0.6 % and is in decline for 4th year in a row and that according to latest survey kids rather smoke weed then drink booze . 
  also before probation finland was one of the least drinking countries in the world which just goes to show how successful that whole probation craze was in the long run . 
  estonia pissed on it 's own corn flakes and we 're now heading to latvia for cheap beer and liquor . 
  it 's not like you can just legalize drugs because un-agreement from -53 banned the open sales and recreational use of most opioid drugs , including heroin which was legal pharmaceutic in finland until -56 . 
  so no , you ca n't just `` make '' all drugs legal , it 's an international agreement to ban them and changing that requires an international agreement from un member states . 
  they 're also some of the worlds most popular cheese types or where 'd you think the names come from ? 
  i have an old radio that says made in east-germany . 
  they know this in us as well and more `` made in italy '' olive oil is sold in the us then italy produces in a year because `` italian olive oil '' sells like hot cakes instead of say turkish , greese or spanish . 
  that is everyone ships their olive oil to be canned in italy to get the label . 
  as long as we do n't talk about manufacturing machinery anyway ` english ' is a curse word in those circles because always some trange thinga ma bob 's that everyone else have as easy , understandable and most of all serviceable or like the german technician called it `` i do n't know !, 
  english !!!! '', 
  or they have that fucking timing flywheel with switches and bumps just to make your life miserable when the machine starts to lag on timing for what ever reason . 
  italians are considered fancy but also very flimsy , east-block is 40 years old made from cast iron , durable with controls that shy any parts of the modern technology but most of all cheap like this czech cnc thing made by t.o.s here that looks like a manual machine with ( german ! ), 
  heidenhein controls just slapped on it to make it sell in the west after the fall of commie block which is about the age of the machine as well . 
  just a few examples . 
  and you know why it is n't ? 
  because the greek literally blackmailed it by announcing that unless they 'd get all feta made in eu designated to be greek-specialty they 'd block finland , sweden & austria from joining because joining to ec ( later eu ) required unanimous acceptance from all members . 
  that 's why we have hundreds of `` salad cheese '' brands sold all across eu and only a few `` feta '' . 
  greece used to produce only 2 % of all feta sold in eu . 
  making it specialty was comparable to ban all but the netherland to sell cheese as edam in eu . 
  imo feta is a generic cheese type just like edam , maasdam & emmental for example . 
  the fun part ... british invented made in germany at the 1800 's to encourage their citizens to curtail smuggling and to get them buy more british products by forcing their `` enemies '' to visibly label their exports . 
  unfortunately anything british was so shitty that it completely backfired and even when britain tried to lift the ruling it was still printed and everyone soon followed suit after realizing how such ` branding ' could boost sales . 
  just start calling it memel again , that was the name of the autonomous state before ww2 : edit : hmm , i was sure memel & k\u00f6nigsberg were in the same territory ... uups . 
  navalny has climbed to a position where simply disposing of him permanently is n't going to work . 
  i think they 'll go hodorkovsky on him and ` break ' him with 10-20 years in prison from some trumped up charges & kangaroo court . 
  sometimes i get the feeling that he might be poking ` the bear ' on purpose just to see how far he could go and possibly become ' a martyr ' in the process , both would cement him as the ` face ' for the opposition which for a career politician is quite helpful . 
   i could also draw , i dunno , babies giving blowjobs to each other and that would be weird and off-putting as well . 
  difference is that you would get jail time for publishing that and you would also get your face in the sex offender registry with all the social stigma that entails . 
  not that it was that much different for actual gays when it was still classified as mental illness and sodomy . 
  no more pot belly moomin ... and right now moomin troll 's parents are arguing about whose bright idea it was to allow moomin troll to access the internet . 
  wonder how much they pay for the poor bastard who mows that lawn each week ? 
  that 's because the official name was `` sosialististen neuvostotasavaltojen liitto '' or `` federation of socialist council republics '' . 
  umm no eduskunta means representatives while riksdag means valtiop\u00e4iv\u00e4t or state days and there has n't been valtiop\u00e4iv\u00e4t since the russian rule ended in 1917 . 
  erdo 's head is so big and full of hot air that i 'd bet him carrying stones in his pockets for ballast .
