  [ this ] ( https://www.k-ruokakauppa.fi/image/products/8008698002209.jpg ) with garlic and parsley on it . 
  in finland they sell garlic crackers which are ordinary crackers with garlic and parsley which is spanish i guess ? 
  then we have air dried sausages , manchego cheese , beer , tacos and chili stuff ( do n't ask ) and some other assorted stuff that may or may not have anything to with spanish since it 's the image that they sell in lidl not an actual contemporary cuisine . 
  you sure it was n't a raccoon ? 
  it certainly looked very much like one . 
  i do n't recall european wild cat to have a ringed tail . 
  edit : yeah it 's a cat ; the paws are one and the pointy ears another sure give away . 
  message and product aside that presentation was pretty cool , though . 
  just the small villages of moscow & murom to name a few of the today major ones which are n't originally slavic . 
  now that 's just patently ridiculous . 
  that pungent smell when that that putrid dirt was drying up must have been something ... 
  i mean its -56 which means that `` humane '' manure was still dumped right into canals along with the other waste . 
  well our troops sure liked that american chocolate , american tobacco and american canned food the soviet troops were packing back in -39 to -44 . 
  without the massive aid from usa soviet union would have collapsed in the first 6 months after adolf 's assault . 
  you forgot the ` jakes ' and ` outhouse ' assuming we include what 's at the backyard . 
  that was the whole plan from the start ... to create the perfect `` homo sovieticus '' everything old had to die - was the creed of the russian communist social theoretics . 
  in practice this meant that all people would need to be `` russified '' and national & cultural history incompatible with the soviet party line was to be erased . 
  as a result millions of lives were destroyed and entire cultures crushed to achieve this but ` soviet human ' never emerged , just a bunch of ` pseudo russians ' who could no longer understand what their grandparents and/or parents were saying . 
  you thank the 20th century racial theories for that . 
  it was a fervent and popular belief at one point that white race 's ` urheimat ' was around the caucasus-range . 
  proto-turkic is likely more accurate and not necessarily from ` turks ' but still borrowed from one of the many related peoples who lived and ruled the eurasian steppes some 3000-4000 years ago . 
  what i recall the original word is ` vask ' we even still use words that are borrowed from sanskrit such as vaz ` ra - vasara - hammer . 
  in general finno-ugric languages are very conserving due to the way they ` localize ' loanwords often by merely adding suffixes , leaving the root word as is such as gothic kuningaz - kuningas ( king , konung , k\u00f6ningaz - k\u00f6nigen ) . 
  thunder bay 's fine for barley & oat and its slightly warmer and has longer growing season than finland anyway which offsets much of the problems with poor soil . 
  nowhere here is the season longer than 175 days . 
  what i recall its about 185 or so at thunder bay area and southern canada . 
  much of finland 's short growing season is because of the latitude which is way north of canada . 
  besides 10 % of potentially arable land in finland is sulfuric clay - that means its a mix of clay and sulfuric acid . 
  it 's not just that the knowledge of ` cementum romanum ' was lost but the knowledge that it required ash from a certain mountainside was also lost and with trade roads being broken and forgotten en mass by the ` barbarian hordes ' and general civil unrest it was n't even possible to obtain that crucial ingredient to make cement for a very long time . 
  in finnish copper is ` kupari ' which is obviously germanic word and ` vaski ' which is a turkic word . 
  i wonder which one was used first ? 
  yeah , well canada is actually pretty warm for us finns for the most part . 
  i mean you can even grow maize & other extic cash crops profitably there and it 's not even possible in scandinavia to grow maize reliably except denmark and southernmost sweden . 
  other fun fact is that almost anywhere in canada & usa the soil is better than what it is in finland , yes even the `` stump fields '' left by the logging companies were often more fertile than the acidic clay plains , peat bogs ( west & south ) or poor rocky soil ( east & north ) of finland . 
  it 's fascinating and also quite sad how much was destroyed with the fall of mycenian civilization . 
  had the mycenenian world lasted longer , there might be a different europe today . 
  thanks to long standing trade routes . 
  well , they 're often used inter-changeably though they 're not quite the same thing . 
  semi-auto usually refers to a type of burst rof while self-loading refers to a gun which you do n't have to manually ` cock ' after every shot to fire again . 
  for example compare colt-1911 to colt navy revolver . 
  the first is a single shot , self-loading and the latter is a single shot with manual cocking . 
  in any case i was rather thinking about their sporting & hunting gun division sales which are often semi-auto riffles or shotguns or as the proper wording goes ` self-loading ' . 
  if you recall from a few years back , `` the knifing epidemic '' actually went so bad that they seriously considered banning the selling of scissors to minors and id-checks for adults buying kitchen knife sets in the uk . 
  it even inspire white-wolf to create a parody-rpg ` chav the knifing ', 
  i wonder how much the big italian gun companies like beretta & benelli are pushing back behind the curtain ... 
  it 's no small thing if eu pretty much bans the sales of new hand - & sporting guns . 
  finland is n't the best option when looking at homicides in europe for comparison as finland in fact has slightly above eu-average number of homicide/citizens by year-ratio even though it has the lowest ratio of countries bordering european russia ( norway not included ) . 
  possibly , it could also be that translitteration between cyrillic and latin alphabet ` misses ' phonemes making the words look the same . 
  if someone tried that in finland the train would be stuck at the station until that bottle is removed from between the doors and the `` door open light '' at the drivers console stops blinking ... 
  they were originally just as clannish but the intermarriages with northumbrians , english and others eroded it faster than in the highland , the feudal system also played its part , not to mention that the highlanders had had a habit of raiding the lowlands as a sort of ` right of passage ' at one point when not outright warring with the lowlanders . 
  all these things combined and you build yourself a certain reputation which made it much easier to ` justify ' the atrocities committed - not many apparently questioned this ` harrowing ' which to my knowledge was in fact against the crown laws of the time . 
  well it 's no secret that lowland and highland clans had been feuding for centuries , and the english crown naturally supported the lowlanders because they 'd always been more pro-english than the highland clans . 
  i live in finland , if i drive fifty miles i end up in designated wilderness zone ... yeah i think i can ` get ' you . 
  that was very common in ussr too . 
  if someone got too troublesome , it was easiest to silence him by claiming that he was gay i.e insane because in ussr being gay was a mental disorder ... then you just locked that person into mental institute for something like ten to twenty years or until this person denounced his ` delusions ' and if the person was deemed as ` dangerous and unrepenting ' he 'd be sent to gulag like solzhenitsyn . 
  then stop forcing children in r\u00e4\u00e4kkyl\u00e4 to learn swedish where the closest swedish speaker lives minimum 400km away in any direction ... 
  they 'd get a lot more from learning russian or any other more useful language , such as german or spanish . 
  sure we can , the mandatory swedish became law at the -70 's . 
  we should also force \u00c5landers to learn mandatory finnish and allow finns to buy property in \u00c5land like the \u00c5landers can buy at the mainland . 
  we should also revoke the tax havenish exempts from \u00c5land like eu has been pushing for awhile now ... 
  but that would actually require some ** backbone ** from our spineless politicians , so none of the above will ever happen . 
  for example eu-food regulations do n't allow selling that shit you call cheese as cheese because its not actually cheese what they sell in america unless it 's sold in deli shop or costs double the cheese price in eu ( averaged ) ... 
  in eu products like cheap american grated `` parmesan '' ( which is actually parmesan flavored celluloid flakes ) are either banned or must have labels such as `` cheese-like product '' so the consumer knows that his being ripped off . 
  we also have strong and well-established workers unions , and for some strange reason the eu-big business is fine with that instead of hell-bent on stamping down even the tiniest budding of such `` commie activity '' like they do for example at wall-mart . 
  but jan vapaavuori does n't and if a miracle does n't happen he 'll be the next major of helsinki . 
  maybe you should ask yourself this ; how come eu-europe has even tighter regulations in industrial and environmental laws but our industry has absolutely no problems with it ? 
  it ' also gerrymandered like hell and the two ruling parties have made it absolutely sure that no grassroots movement can ever have the slightest of chance to become a third party to challenge the two . 
  it 's about abolishing an age old custom of swedish speakers previlige that 's based on early 1900 's census when 12-15 % spoke swedish . 
  in fact there are more arab and somali speakers now in finland than swedish speakers . 
  but still everyone else is expected to learn to speak swedish by mandate that was assigned at the -70 's . 
  that 's what the finns-party wants to change . 
  well what did you expect when the party leader is an extreme protestant self-made man who thinks he can run the nation like it 's a corporation ? 
  i suspect that it may have been a test bomb - to make sure his contraption works and he had originally planned to detonate it on someplace remote but the cops got wind of him first , so he wanted to `` do something '' with it anyway . 
  kannatus = support ps could n't keep their promises and kokoomus for some badly veiled cash grab schemes and overall ` corruption but not close enough for it ' - type of deals with the big money which is n't surprising since kokoomus is the traditional ` big money ' party . 
  live stream [ here ] ( http://yle.fi/uutiset/3-9555902 ) in finnish , though . 
  you should find the information printed in your ballot sheet that was mailed to you last month for early voting . 
  yeah after being invaded by russians - twice . 
  though our boys sure liked that american chocolate & tobacco those dead russians were carrying back in -39, 
  yeah it was foreskin that she slurped down ... thrice ... sure ... 
  so called `` war reparations '' . 
  we had to pay for soviets who started both wars ( though continuation war was a provoked one ) and destroyed our country and allied pansies went with it because `` joe '' was such a vice guy , `` teddy '' was too sick and `` vinnie '' was too drunk to protest . 
  it 's certainly popular , i do n't really recall anyone but hungarians using the name frequently today . 
  i 'm not sure about huns , they were pretty much well and gone already by the time the avars conquered the pannonia plain at the 6th century and were in turn conquered by the hungarians at the late 9th century . 
  though sometimes the name sticks despite people changing . 
  it 's the same as with finnish and suomalaiset . 
  one is a name used by foreigners and the other one is the actual name of the people in their own language . 
  hungary as a word is probably a german or slavic loan from magyarorsz\u00e1g - or rather it 's equivalent in old hungarian . 
  well , to be honest ... we should be glad that most of these terrorists are too stupid to be able to execute plans anything more complex than driving trucks to market squares . 
  i mean i could easily think a whole lot of ways to cause ten times the mayhem in comparison to driving a truck into full market square but this kind of attacks do have the desired shock value . 
  that wo n't stop these attacks , they 'll just move to busses . 
  probably confuses foreign debts with foreign aid ... 
  though for what i recall it was last year that russia had paid the last part of their originally huge 40-billion ussr-era bilateral trade debts to finland . 
  problem here is that you need the truck running to operate the hydraulic/pneumatic pistons and breaks in the lorry . 
  and they were very annoyed that finns had moved their factories away from karelia when the area had to be ceded after 1940 & 1944 . 
  so they made us pay twice for our own factories ... 
  which is ironic because rosenberg & cronies of the german far left hated the soviets , seeing them as perversion to ` true socialism ' . 
  did n't stop adolf from getting rid of them right away though once he got the reigns . 
  remember that small scandal when yuri gagarin died and ussr press tried its damnest to cover up the fact that he spent most of his time partying and driving with a foreign sports car like he was some russian james dean ? 
  ohh , there were plenty of human scum stealing & robbing the country blind back the as well . 
  they just hid it quite well out of necessity .
