  they wo n't be coming to look for ` other peoples stuff ' as you put it , because they 'll be so broke when that point is even remote reality that holding the nation together will take all their time and energy . 
  i 'm almost 100 % certain that this sanction business wo n't go that far . 
  then again nobody believed in the fall of communism either . 
  frankly only issue here is the law that states that `` you can screw around as much as you like and write off any fines that you might get as a tax deduction '' which must the most moronic tax law on the entire planet . 
  disclaimer : there are likely even more stupid tax laws but so far this one takes the cake . 
  it 's also a real bitch to haul those carcasses out of the mountain so they do n't spoil the pasture while they rot . 
  nokia has n't gone anywhere , its currently the largest producer of internet & telephone/gsm-server technology , having recently bought alcatel-lucent . 
  they just do n't make much ` consumer level ' electronic products any more . 
  also note ; ottaa v\u00e4kivalloin is taking by force which probably is the closest original way to use the word v\u00e4kivalta . 
  it 's how you keep people in line or rob them ... get a mob together and go town . 
  actually finland has many of the largest exploitable mineral deposits in europe , most notably gold , nickel and rare earth metals like lithium . 
  that 's because the old meaning of v\u00e4ki is the same as in v\u00e4kev\u00e4 = lots of people = lots of strength and so on ... 
  therefore v\u00e4kivalta = strong violence . 
  nah , pre-baked & packaged in vacuum . 
  sold as fresh & frozen . 
  keeps for 3-moths if not opened before . 
  what i 've been trying to convey is that russia should imo be able produce much more grain than what they do now , the potential is there . 
  considering the the fluctuating manner typical to any crops , some kind of 10-year compiled statistics might be a better way to gauge how much each country can approx . 
  produce/year/ha . 
  it 's an average figure meaning that if we have two farms making 4 tons and one super shitty farm making 1 and other making 7 it still makes it a 4 for both . 
  so having a lower yield then finland means that there 's an abundance of shitty farms that either are not fit for profitable agriculture in general or that something else is going on such as bad weather , pests or other issues in a huge scale . 
  and you do n't just `` increase farm areas '' since someone owns those lands and someone has to pay for the owner to get that land so to make more money you use more fertilizers -  costs more money for the farmer but get more yield . 
  and that 's what i meant when saying it should be closer to 3-4t considering that wheat is the most productive of the 4 major food grains in europe - wheat , barley , oats & rye . 
  it does n't sound right when my own fields produce 3t of oats & barley/ha every year and i 'm only a part time farmer ... 
  though the average per ha probably goes down if there 's been major crop failures recently but still 2.4 of wheat sounds low . 
  it actually is . 
  for example in finland the average is around 3.7 t/ha and in case you 've forgotten finland is the northernmost country in the world where farming is considered as sufficiently productive by fao and we get well over three tons annually . 
  2.5 t/hectare is actually really low . 
  if russian farms would produce what farms do in other western countries with similar climate they should be pushing at least 3-4t / hectare . 
  let them keep their dream ... 
  it 's all they have . 
  aww dang , there goes my plan for free holidays at denmark ... 
  if i 'd be given 27k for just leaving a country ... where can i sign up as refugee to denmark ? 
  too bad i 'm finnish , any suggestions for a good sob story to use . 
  i could use a new car ... 
  wow that 's like 10 cents more than a finnish producer gets ... our milk is between 75-95c usually per litre in the market . 
  you mean anatolian armenia that is no longer armenian since you kind of `` moved '' those couple of million armenians and greeks out by force and then wanted to do the same for kurds who moved in since it was now ` vacant ' ? 
  one of the problems with tight copyright laws is trying to define the lines between derivative innovation and copying of an idea . 
  if the law is too lax you get pirating issues , if its too tight , innovation suffers . 
  which would make sense from syrian kurdish pov since they 're likely to have the experience and training to fight better than the ` natives ' at least at the beginning of the conflict . 
  near baikal and all along the trans-siberian railway . 
  if you 're ` bad worker ' you slave for 2 years but your family may face gulag , if you 're ` good worker ' you serve 5 years but your family is n't likely to be sent to gulag , if you 're ` essential ' your time is 10-15 years and your family gets a little bit of your earnings . 
  should you try to escape or talk to ` strangers ' you may be sent back and executed or your family might , in any case its a trip to gulag . 
  and mandatory propaganda evenings are held weekly with scented candles ( which cost more than your daily wage ) and shrines to our dear leader , do n't miss or you 'll be caned . 
  welcome to socialist la-la land of north-korea , comrade . 
  try general infrastructure like proper roads and state stability first ... nobody wants to invest in to a country which is constantly under the verge of collapsing into anarchy and where the first thing you have to do as a factory owner is to build your own power plant to accommodate the factory and road to get the goods out into world ... 
  it 's not slavery or gulag because they 're being punished as ` enemies of the state and made to work to settle their crimes ' - kim of the north about the north-korean labour camps ... 
  it 's not a aiding tax fraud , it 's consulting tax planning - nordea economists to investigators at in luxembourg ... 
  well , yeah but the kurds of syria have nothing to gain from aggravating turkey because its the main route for syrian kurds to get materials to keep fighting against the other belligerents of syrian war . 
  it 's also the only place that 's even relatively safe to send their wives and kids to get away from the war . 
  daesh on the other hand reaps all the benefits of turks hammering the kurds who 've recently began to push them out of the turkey-syria border ... makes you wonder what 's the real agenda behind all the bombing and and crap , does n't it ? 
  i honestly fail to find reasonable logic for turkey to enter syria if their only aim is to stop the bombings . 
  pkk used to hide in iran-iraq bordering mountains , guess they 've moved some of their activity to south to `` hide '' with the locals there since there would otherwise be little point for turkey to aim their main attacks there ... 
  if the retaliation for bombings is their true aim . 
  why would syrian kurds attack turkey ? 
  as if the turkish were needing another ` excuse ' to attack the kurds in syria who are not on pkk 's - side as far as i know . 
  works splendid for daesh though . 
  yeah , things would work out whole lot better for everyone if people could just stop fighting for their - ism 's and look around to see what ` good ' their constant fighting has done for one red minute ... something which seems like a pipe dream under the current situation . 
  not really , for the most part the border between finland & russia is alike yukon & alaska when it comes to terrain and road density . 
  karelian isthmus is the only place where road density is significant enough to move large quantity of troops . 
  the region has been like this ever since the middle ages . 
  the legislation does n't care how international the org . 
  it 's definitions are purposefully broad enough that literally anything can be made fit as needed to shut-down or silence that group . 
  well ... to be cynical , as long as their fighting against their each others they 're too busy fighting you . 
  i love it how omoh is homo backwards ... 
  i wonder if they 've figured it out themselves yet ? 
  holding the `` man '' as next to god who can do no wrong but his ` boyars and lords ' do , is uniquely russian phenomena and it has been going on for almost 900 years , so that 's unlikely to change any time soon . 
  it 's just one of russia 's national peculiarities . 
  you have something against unesco , red cross , lions club , who , baptists , jehovah witnesses , mormons , doctors without borders , unicef etc. 
  they 're just a few among those organisations deemed as `` foreign agents '' you 're also no longer allowed to gain funding from abroad if you 're a russian based organisation without registering as ` foreign ' . 
  just wondering , i heard this from my uncle who was a un-peacekeepr at golan around the 70 's and was n't sure if it was just his hyperbole or not . 
  i 've wondered about that ... are the arab troops really as badly trained and lead as they say ? 
  you know , mostly illiterate and treated worse than camel dung by their officers , vital information not passed on because of ` knowledge is power , the more you hoard the better mentality ' , leading to non-existent morale and general lack of cohesion ? 
  it 's the same here with the exception that the traditional view has been more pessimistic `` they 'll help us with supplying material ( only ) as long we 've got money left to pay . '', 
  though is n't that how most wars are ` funded ' anyway ... 
  sounds about right , the other one is to become a banker . 
  you forgot norway which also has a land border with russia and norway is in nato . 
  just like israel and half the nato is . 
  just like you were supposed to be 3 or 4 times already , the numbers are in fact fairly relatable when it comes to israel & finland . 
  and we have 3 times more area to `` sponge '' and manoeuvre the enemy than you do ... 
  though with today 's favoured military doctrines , the war would probably turn fairly soon into ugly guerilla war , something akin to vietnam or afghanistan . 
  which is pretty much the direction where the whole finnish defence is in-fact geared and based into . 
  we can never win the russians in sheer numbers and head-on battles but we 'll be determined to beat them or anyone else muscling in on our land in kill count . 
  that gun looks just way too over-engineered to be reliable in the field . 
  we still have over 100 000 possible h\u00e4yh\u00e4 wanna-be 's in the form of active registered hunters . 
  though the best defence of finland has always been the fact there 's like nothing here to conquer ... just bogs and wilderness . 
  not just for the lives and homes lost , it also looked like a very nicely preserved town with many of the houses still in 18th century-look . 
  well latveria is actually situated somewhere between lithuania and belarus in marvel universe . 
  is n't england & scotland a personal union ? 
  though i guess there 's some other legal points to it as well . 
  just wondering how the scotch would like it if harry 's brother would go up and tell his ` bro ' `` yo harry , i 'm taking scotch and will form a new kingdom out of my dukedom . '', 
  or who ever it is that 's currently the duke of scotland , since prince in waiting has traditionally been the duke of wales . 
  i mean this how personal unions have traditionally been dissolved , the other being the even more traditional regicide . 
  i think the saddest part is that if czechs had been successful with their experiment on ` humane socialism ' it might have led to much less suffering in other commie block countries as well ... 
  though communism would have probably still collapsed under its own inherent untenability . 
  water polo gene detected ? 
  i think they all look very nice . 
  the only ` problem ' i can think of is that the repaint some 15-20-years in the line is going to be a nightmare ... 
  man , turkey is heading for troubled times like an orient express over a cliff ... 
  aww the sweet salt , let them flow like a river young one .
