  so it 's in fact just a `` top ten '' statistics ? 
  pretty biased article . 
  it handily ignores the hundreds of thousands of roma living in northern europe and former soviet union . 
  are they somehow less roma than the ones living in southern europe since they obviously are n't roma enough to fit in to this study of `` european roma '' ? 
  sodom and gomorrah where the two cities that god was going to wipe out for inhabiting too much perverts so the two ( and only those two ) goody goody virtuous people get a license to run if they do n't look back but of c. the wife has to look back and is immediately turned to stone because the god is an asshole like that ,, 
  anything with the name gomora is by definition not meant for children ( also check sodoma ) . 
  ` motorways cost money , use the irish . ', 
  - edward the the road engineer , probably . 
  honestly indo-euroean is so expansive that it gets exhausting . 
  in fact i use a mental checklist for them where i try to first recall the geographic area where the language is spoken and then start recalling its closest neighbor to first get the language in the right branch ... 
  is it separate group now ? 
  i though caucasian languages were part of the indo-iranian and germanic language group . 
  my mistake , i was n't sure if it was white or red that was west . 
  it 's been a while since the last time i 've had any use for this knowledge . 
  well they 're both indo-german languages , so ... 
  even though another one is in germanic branch and the other one is in kartvelian . 
  it 's also the ` color ' of west in slavic tradition so the ` real ' meaning was something like western rusland . 
  gard/g \u00e5rd is yard , enclosure or dwelling ( because germanics are obsessed with fencing their property ) in old north-germanic languages . 
  funnily enough in finnish turkki is both turkey and an animal pelt off which neither have anything to do with the origin of the name of the country , just funny word friends . 
  of c. they can since it simple math of having a say 100mils extra to spend on road maintenance while you would have to slash the healthcare / school budget otherwise to fund it . 
  in case of a country this simply means that you do n't have to take a loan to fill up your budget deficit for the said road maintenance which in turn helps to slash some other stuff from the road budget that is n't ( partially or wholly ) eu funded to somewhere else such as health care . 
  so hence i can state that eu budget helps funding other stuff such as heatlhtcare while being aimed at a specific projects . 
  each member state pays something to eu and some of them are net receivers and some are net payers so let 's say some get like + 1bil to budget from eu to what ever programs and it 's up to specific country to what they do with `` excess '' funding for those programs since eu is now paying some of it . 
  britain used to be the ultimate free loader ie . 
  paying the least with huge economy while receiving the most . 
  well considering eu funding in general it 's kind of a yes and no question since eu funding does allow more funding to other areas such as healthcare as the brits are going to unfortunately find out . 
  it covered as if you would be in your native country so you do n't pay in the country that you get sick but they will bill your countrys social health security afterwards and then they bill from you what they would n't normally cover in your native country such as specific medicine or canes for instance . 
  some non-eu countries like canada iirc have equal agreements ( with finland at least ) as well but the above is a general rule in eu . 
  edit : also extreme stuff such as ambulance planes or search & rescue fees are n't usually covered so a travel insurance is always valid just in case . 
  it 's free in a sense that you 're covered by your native country 's healthcare so if your native country has an american style hell hole of a `` social security '' well tough luck . 
  suo/soo is swedish speaker-promulgated folk-etymology from 1700 's which has no basis in actual linguistic science . 
  the most likely cognate is proto-baltic zeme which has ` cousins ' in h\u00e4me / yem ( fi/rus ) and the name lappish people use for themselves i.e sabme as an example , and even zeme is a bit controversial because there are almost no written sources what so ever from these countries before the 1000th century . 
  why finland is finland in germanic languages is also unclear though kvinland/kvenland is the mos likely candidate for origin . 
  yeah , also helvetinkolu - hell 's gorge , it 's a national park . 
  edit : vittumaiseneno is also missing . 
  also where i live we have ` ameriikka ' ( ` murica ) and ` per\u00e4ameriikka ' ( backwater ` murica ) with ` ameriikanraitti ' ( ` murica 's road ) leading to civilization and nobody really knows where does the strange name come from . 
  well considering that for example `` vaanjoki '' ( ( it 's ) just a ( dang ) river ) is a surname in finland , that theory has some plausibility . 
  it 's just the old cognate of of vuori ( fi ) and vuorri ( insa ) both mean the same while tunturi and tundra in finnish are loans from skolt sabme . 
  also kuolema ( death ) is actually ` quolma ' ( sp ) which means fish in sami but since the closes equivalent spelling in finnish is ` kuolema ' ( death ) then kuolema it is . 
  sick burn * high five *, 
  i 'll take 60 of those that were n't damaged while bombing shit out of iraq and libya . 
  sure , what ever mr. shill for british steel . 
  i 'm not here to argue with you about the `` wonders of steel '' and rust red is the new black . 
  found the british steel industry shill . 
  recycled cardboard is dirt cheap and actually quite sturdy . 
  the problem is , as mentioned its susceptibility to moisture and fungi . 
  billbox bunkers and temporary shelters were built from thick cardboard in finland during ww-ii . 
  correct , the castle is pre-gunpowder and the moat & earth walls have been added later . 
  you can tell when a castle was built by looking at the towers , round became to use after gunpowder because they withstand bombardment better and have wider shooting arch for cannons than square towers . 
  interesting , a medieval pre-gunpowder stone castle renovated to 1700 's french-style gun fortress . 
  usually castles like this were either razed or abandoned instead of reincorporated to the new design . 
  not to smaller ones either without the 5 big ones in un backing it up . 
  but then again those same countries do n't really give a fuck about international treaties anyway unless it suits to their interests . 
  in finnish its called ` maaselk\u00e4 ' - ` land ridge ' to differentiate it from similar snaking moraine and sand peninsulas that were formed between rivers and lakes by the retreating glaciers . 
  more pronounced ones would be called ` harju ', 
  as the old adage goes ; it 's easy to ask things from us but not so easy to take them from us . 
  works great for russia does n't it ? 
  so that 's what a proper `` assault zetor '' looks like ? 
  there was so much optimism , beauty and belief for the bright future in europe at the turn of the last century , then came the wars ... 
  it 's why it always makes me a bit melancholic to see these old pictures . 
  that nuclear plant is rather too well known in finland being 10 years late from being finished with areva trying it 's best to squirm out from that utter fuck up by bankruptcy or any other means . 
  it 's also a historical government because its the first time in five decades that swedish people party rkp has n't managed to ` worm ' itself into government . 
  that map is n't too good . 
  shows oulu - a city of 200 000 as ` dark spot ', 
  208 years ago to be more exact . 
  indeed , one of the ways to make these ` dying ' villages to thrive could be an initiative to use them as filming locations . 
  a lot of them would be excellent locations for it . 
  it is indeed strange that the swedish police ca n't or will not do a video interview but demand assange to come to sweden in person and keeps on driving the case for years when not even murder inquiries are usually committed with such a fervor in sweden . 
  it 's helsinki , about as south as you can get in finland without crossing the bay to estonia . 
  nah , looks like vologda to me . 
  7/10 adults used to smoke in finland as well but the widespread tobacco smoking bans and commercial restrictions starting at -90 's have done their job and only about 1-2/10 smoke now , i think . 
  but tobacco does and eastern europeans smoke like a coal chimney . 
  hungary has prefixes as well besides suffixes ? 
  no wonder why some words seemed oddly constructed when inflicted . 
  and their spelling is surprisingly close . 
  and the rest chime in how `` no , but killing this and this guy is a-okay because '' ... 
  yeah , most parents are probably okay with `` normal '' christians like calvinsts , protestants , orthodox etc. 
  but not when this christian is a jehova 's witness , mormon or from other , even more fundamental christian groups . 
  no surprise really as pkk was originally just one of many marxist revolutionary movements . 
  one of hundreds that started to pop up all over the world , backed by the soviet union back in the 60 's and 70 's to usher in a new workers paradise or some other `` world hugging '' communistic nonsense that university students just loved to lap up . 
  which also largely depends on where you want that fuzzy segregation to central and eastern europe to be drawn . 
  no we were n't but it would had hindered our soviet ass - kissing efforts greatly in the future . 
  i think that modern poland is something like eastern central european . 
  the old kingdom/commonwealth poland though ... was about as east european as you can get . 
  imo the salmiakki flavoured pork chops were the oddest . 
  very much also tastes sweeter but is best served with [ salmiakki ] ( http://www.viinikartta.fi/media/item_images/alko/various/hr/131244.jpg ), 
  hop in to train and you 're in russia . 
  mainly because that 's not vodka but viina but since most foreigners ca n't tell a difference between vodka ( made from potatoes ) and viina ( made from barley ) it 's vodka also because eu also could n't tell the difference either ( or did n't give a shit ) and forced it to be labeled as vodka . 
  not steamed but deep fried . 
  the customs sure ruined someone 's party . 
  i 'd say that surviving is a bit of stretch as the castle is clearly mostly in ruins although the main keep seems to have been somewhat restored . 
  you been out of the loop lately ? 
  according to rumours they have so much subsidiaries that they apparently plow money not seeds there . 
  * sigh * someone removed his post about `` god emperor juncker '' and i spent far too long photo shopping junckers face to god emperor of mankind only to have the poster delete his post . 
  :( also gimp just fucking sucks and even crashed twice until i gave up . 
  :'( someone with skill photo shop these two we need memes of our emperor just like yanks have . 
  http://is-a-cunt.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/jean-claude-juncker-012.jpg and https://pp.userapi.com/c11034/u111484050/a_c0b0725b.jpg or similar but you know the meme i mean . 
  bad bot . 
  soros is involved somehow i guess maybe or space aliens or maybe white people , dunno ? 
  but it 's bad okay .
