  explain to me how taking in immigrants is necessary for society in general ? 
  would you be willing to personally sponsor an immigrant or immigrant family to come live in your home , and pay for all of the associated costs ? 
  you can talk about `` giving back '' by taking in a bunch of unwanted people on a societal level , but at the end of the day it affects the lives of real people . 
  if you are not willing or able to take in these people , why should anyone else ? 
  and i think people are seeing the council is going too far . 
  people are resisting . 
  that 's exactly what they should do . 
  either the council will back off , or countries will seriously consider leaving . 
   either you are in or you are out . 
  every country that joined since 2004 is unable to understand that sentiment . 
  being in or out does n't mean every decree by the european council is fair and should be followed . 
  i personally would want to see the eu dissolved , but countries that are in it should still be looking out for themselves . 
  why should they want to take in any at all ? 
  they have their own problems , and these migrants offer nothing of value to the native populations . 
  any resources that those countries have should be spent first and foremost on the citizens of those countries - especially those who are working to pay the taxes that are used to support these migrants . 
  it 's not like taking in these migrants is working out great for other countries , so they are smart to be cautious . 
   before we unambiguously worked out that the federal government took precedent over state governments . 
  and we have umpteen examples of how this has n't worked out for the better . 
  it tramples on freedoms on a daily basis . 
  it also learned about not letting groups with very disparate values peacefully opt-out , and led to the civil war . 
  i fear that too much overarching commandments from the eu leadership will cause certain countries to want to withdraw . 
  not exactly a clever argument . 
  somalia is a failed government state , that in any ways improved during its stateless period . 
  somalia is not an anarchic territory . 
   why should you want to promote pirate economy ? 
  because i do n't think the government is smart enough to know what is best for people , and therefore i do n't want them limiting people 's choices . 
  oh come on . 
  governments pass bad led all that time that have real negative impacts on people 's lives , and sometimes they do n't get overturned for decades . 
  why should people suffer because of bad laws passed by corrupt people ? 
  exactly . 
  it 's a better deal to work for uber . 
  but many ( dunno about you specifically ) are asking for the even field in which the government makes it more difficult to businesses to operate , and harder to obtain a profit and provide services at prices people want . 
  why not go for the option that helps the consumers , instead of giving more cut to the government that regularly wastes that money ? 
  you 'll notice that it 's not the companies that destroy the competition , it 's the legislation and the governments that approve it and make it law . 
  the biggest issue is that people act like crabs , and instead of asking for their own tax freedom , they ask the other companies to be dragged down to their level . 
  you 'd only be proving my point . 
  people see a benefit in working for uber , and customers see a benefit in riding with uber , both over the traditional entrenched taxi companies . 
  so , what 's the fuss ? 
   thats assuming people are educated enough of the benefits of insurance and training . 
  assuming they are n't even competent enough to understand that , you still want them voting ? 
   there is also a societal benefit to having educated uber/taxi drivers in that fewer accidents will happen which mean less public money spent on emergency services which means lower taxes . 
  you have evidence that shows uber drivers are in more accidents or that regular taxi drivers are better ? 
   i wish that it could be that easy but people are short sighted animals and often make the objectively worse call . 
  i repeat my earlier question about voting . 
  starbucks paid more to another country i 'm sure , just not your country . 
  if countries want more tax revenue , they need to compete for the business . 
  if enough consumers agree , then uber will go out of business , and it will demonstrate itself as a market failure . 
  what is so important about following a bad law ? 
  why do n't you instead make it so the existing taxi companies do n't have to follow that law ? 
   they do have a duty to their shareholders to do this but do n't ever expect it to be popular . 
  the irony is that come tax time every personal citizen attempts to avoid as many taxes as possible and maximize their return , yet still get mad at corporations . 
   just have a problem with companies that do not obey the law . 
  so you want consumers to have to spend more money on taxi service , to adhere to an out of date business model that the entrenched taxi companies are desperately clinging on to because it keeps out competition like uber ? 
   only that taxis offer better payment . 
  then why do people choose to drive for uber instead ? 
  depends on if the law is worth following . 
  blanketly obeying the law is not a good mentality . 
   socialist reforms were n't the cause of socialist reforms . 
  wtf , are you on about there is nothing `` socialist '' about a shorter work week . 
  that has nothing to do with socialism . 
  the reason people were able to work fewer hours and still survive is because they produced more , not because they wanted to work less and the government made evil capitalists give them more time off . 
   i 'm too drunk to argue with a libertarian . 
  considering the economic picture going on in the left-leaning , keynesian western countries , you may want to give a harder look at the economic ideas of libertarians . 
  economic freedom is n't as scary as you might think , while the lumbering , money-printing , interest-rate lowering failures are . 
   you do realize that all of that happened in conjunction with social reforms ? 
  ok , so you are now agreeing that the market does care about the less fortunate , but that in conjunction with social programs , things got better . 
   or are you gon na pretend that the guilded age was so great for the poor it really baffles me that so many people bring this up as some kind of response to the arguments of the wealth created by the free market . 
  the gilded age was a time of wealth creation unlike anything that came before it . 
  yet , kids were working in factories under horrible conditions . 
  bad deal right ? 
  wrong . 
  why were they working ? 
  because , workers lacked the productivity to produce enough wealth to allow kids to not to work . 
  before the industrial revolution/gilded age - were kids going to school ? 
  they were doing back-breaking farm labor from sun-up until sun-down to help keep the family from starving . 
  you can not just look at the industrial revolution as a snapshot in time and say `` look at all those bad things ! '', 
  you must consider it in the context of what came before . 
  the advances of the industrial revolution - shorter work weeks , better wages , better safety , these were all made possible because of the increased wealth due to modernization and innovation from the market - not because of government decree . 
  the social reforms were not the cause , they were the effect . 
   but i 'm sure as shit saying that the free market does n't give a fuck about those less fortunate . 
  one of the most disappointing statements i 've ever read on this site . 
  thanks to the free market ( what 's left of it after governments keep destroying it ) , today 's poor have : cars , air conditioning , the ability to travel , refrigerators , housing , home internet , computers , cell phones , a wide variety of clothing to choose from . 
  hell , instead of starving to death , the poor in most of the west are throwing away food and growing obese !, 
  this is not due to the government . 
  this is due to private businesses innovating to the point where even the poor can afford things that a king 100 years ago could n't even dream of . 
  the problem is that most of these countries have decided that only the government can help the poor , and it 's turned out to be a huge farce . 
  poverty rates have barely budged , and instead there are dependent underclasses of people who literally would starve to death if the government did n't hand them a check every month . 
  if the government cared about the less fortunate , they would have overturned their welfare programs decades ago in favor of something that works . 
  the market works - instead of prohibiting the poor from starting businesses and trying to get ahead , they pass stupid legislation like minimum wage , and rob the poor of purchasing power through central bank inflation . 
   that would work worse here than it the us . 
  the us is a bastardized public/private entity that is more heavily regulated than any other industry except for finance . 
  it is not an example of a private healthcare system to be used for comparison sake . 
   the whole point of welfare is to help people who got no other option , we got plenty of those . 
  many government policies are the reasons people have no other options . 
   children are far more important and bring far more happiness than any amount of money can buy . 
  that 's rather debatable . 
  some people do n't want their own children but want to use their resources to help other people grow and prosper , or provide opportunity . 
  is it evolutionary sensible ? 
  not so much , but it is a real desire for many . 
   it sometimes seems that europe has largely forgotten that , everything nowadays has to make ` economic sense ' and be profitable .
