then i will go to a country that lets me in and work my ass off not to be a burden on local population . 
  best answer in the thread so far haha . 
   right now , no . 
  i did volunteer last august , september and early october when the situation was precarious . 
  i volunteered at my local center some times after that i tip my hat to you . 
   i 've also donated things and we finally managed to teach the iraqi guys across the street to cheer for bayern in cl & against bayern in the league . 
  had to laugh at that . 
   what are you personally doing to convince people not to help each-other ? 
  it 's not about convincing to help or not help , but to have important conversations that i think europe is severely lacking . 
  the pc narrative has taken over , and people would rather not upset people they know by saying anything that might be offensive . 
  at the end of the day , the country may decide to take in refugees , and that 's fine , so long as all of the pros and cons have been debated . 
  try making an argument . 
  we all act in self interest . 
  even altruism is motivated by some gain , even if emotional satisfaction . 
   this is a humanitarian sub . 
  funny , people barely made a stink about all the stuff governments were doing to cause this situation , but now that refugees are coming it 's all noble to act like you care . 
   if people were given the price of funding their public education system up front i 'm sure they 'd baulk too . 
  as they should . 
   extrapolate your view on life as an exercise in upfront profitability where all investment in future human progress is deferred to immediate consumption then eventually you 'll arrive at a hand to mouth existence . 
  or , you would n't arrive at a situation of deferred gratification where your country is billions of trillions of euros in debt , which is debt your own children will have to pay for , that they did not ask for . 
  people keep talking about humanity as a reason to help these refugees , where is the humanity for the better future of your own children ? 
   it seems to me that you view society merely as a means to live at everyone else 's expense . 
  margaret thatcher once said that `` the trouble with socialism is that eventually you run out of other people 's money . '', 
  when you do n't pay for things in the here and now , you get problems . 
   if you were to need refuge to whom would you turn ? 
  the family and friends i have cultivated deep and meaningful relationships with . 
  i would n't need the state to give me money because i have real people who would help me . 
  i 'd not need to rely on strangers . 
   and thus i find your question and comments disgusting . 
  i do n't care . 
  i 'm not interested in your emotional reactions , only your arguments . 
  emotions are not arguments . 
   against accepting unlimited numbers of asylum-seekers arriving here in dubious conditions so already you would put conditions on how many people to help and who to help , but you seem to be outraged if people take the number they should help down to zero . 
   helping others is the right thing to be done , on principle , aside of having your government go into more debt to give resources to these people , what are you * personally * doing to help ? 
  are you volunteering to help ? 
  are you raising money ? 
  are you gathering up clothes and books and other necessities ? 
  are you volunteering to help teach them your language ? 
  what are you actually doing to live your principle ? 
   we should , because it 's the moral thing to do . 
  if we were sacrificing ourselves to do so then i would be against it except the government is not responsible with its money - and the refugee expenses add to your national debt . 
  honest question : how would you explain to your child that you support incurring debt on his/her behalf so refugees could get stuff today ? 
  your kids will be footing the bill by paying interest on the debt . 
   however i do n't think we should be actually taking refugees . 
  we should be investing in aid for them and keeping them near why they 're coming from . 
  we should also be doing more to end the situation which has lead to them becoming refugees in the first place . 
  completely agree , though i think all aid should be voluntary . 
   my daughter will have a nice , easy life and will have the opportunities to become whoever she wishes to - just because she was born in europe , not in somalia . 
  if i was a mother of a kid who is deprived of any possibilities just because of being born in a wrong place and i knew from the global media that places with offer had everything she needs are so close - nothing would stop me . 
  i agree with you here , but - one of the reasons europe has opportunities somalia does n't is because of the practiced values that have developed in europe - separation of church and state , the enlightenment/emphasis on reason and evidence/science , personal liberty and the free market . 
  if these people do not understand what makes their countries so different from the ones they want to enter , how do we expect them to thrive and integrate ? 
  which would bring me back to :  i believe that the lesser the inequality is , the safer the world is . 
  these worse countries can have what europe has . 
  they mostly choose not to want it . 
  there is nothing to stop them from embracing the values that have made european societies advanced and safe . 
   i sense a dislike against refugees it 's not personal against them . 
  i just do n't understand this preference for giving your resources to people from another culture/country instead of giving them to your own people and family . 
   where do you think the money for hosting the refugees came from ? 
  it did n't drop from the sky . 
  it came from the taxes . 
  has your government cut certain services to shift that money over towards paying for refugees ? 
  if not , where is the money coming from ? 
  it 's only been 20 minutes  because of the overly-pc nature in much of western europe , there is not enough discussion ( i believe ) on the fact that many of these immigrants are just not smart enough to be contributing members to european society . 
  this is not to say that they are inferior , but that they have evolved in wildly different climates over tends of thousands of years and developed different genetic traits . 
  living in a warm sunny climate where food is plentiful yields different people than those in the freezing north who must cultivate the discipline not to eat their seed crop . 
  the irony of course is that the secular european left is all about evolution , except when it 's not pc . 
   i do n't believe there 's ever an economic case for granting asylum , that 's not why you do it . 
  as i 'm pointing out in other comments , i think this is an easy approach to take knowing your government will just take on debt to pay for these people . 
  if you had to actually pony up more money immediately to pay for these refugees , i doubt the reception would be as positive . 
   if me and my family had to flee our home i 'd hope that other nations and people would do the same for us . 
  if you had to flee , would you flee to a surrounding country what was conflict free and shared similar language/culture/history / religion/lack of religion , or would you go to saudi arabia ? 
   and i suppose you do n't find it even a slightly bit hypocritical and ridiculous that the same people who shout `` migrants only want our hard earned money and want to give back nothing in return '' are the ones who make arguments like you do : that yes , we do have the god given right to take every last cents coming from brussels and decide that we should give back nothing in return ? 
   that 's a separate argument , and yes , i do find it hypocritical . 
   currently a select few eu members take care of nearly all of them while the other twentysomething refuses to help . 
  it 's not the fault of the non-participating countries that those select few took a whole bunch in . 
  i 'm not hungarian , but i 'll flair up . 
  are you personally making any effort to contribute to this sense of self satisfaction ? 
   i am not gaining or losing anything . 
  i do n't think that 's true - i think the costs of these refugees are hidden from you , in a way that will cause other problems down the line . 
  the money going to these immigrants has to come from somewhere , and if you are not paying more for them , or receiving cuts to other services , then it comes from increasing debt . 
  if the government levied a new tax on you to pay for the refugees , would you still be glad to help ? 
   i 'm happy that the majority of common turks opened their hearts and homes to all these refugees and did n't treat them like plague or cholera . 
  do you think the outcome would have been the same if turkey raised your taxes to pay for the refugees ? 
  if they took them in and gave them support , did n't raise taxes , and did n't cut any other spending to offset it , then that means they are taking on more debt . 
  is that a responsible thing to do ? 
   merkel stated publicly in 2010 that multiculturalism has `` utterly failed . '', 
  [ source ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2010/oct/17/angela-merkel-german-multiculturalism-failed )  where they do n't get jobs . 
  because they get welfare and do n't need to work , they do n't have to integrate or learn the language because they do n't have to participate in commerce . 
  [ germany tells refugees : integrate or lose your right to live here permanently ] ( http://qz.com/650683/germany-tells-refugees-integrate-or-lose-your-right-to-live-here-permanently/ ) if you ca n't speak the language , you can not participate in the economy with the locals . 
  what keeps you from having to earn money if you ca n't participate in the economy ? 
  welfare . 
   many of these middle eastern and north african people statistically fall 1-2 standard deviations lower than europeans on the iq scale . 
  [ average iq by country ] ( https://iq-research.org/en/page/average-iq-by-country ) germany : 99 , sweden : 99 , poland : 99 , syria : 83 , libya : 83 point 5 is not self referencing : letting in intolerant people in the name of tolerance is contradictory . 
  which claim in particular ? 
  also these are my thoughts , which should n't impact your thoughts on the matter . 
  feel free to share . 
   and very , very typical of what hungarian right-wingers say you say this like it 's a bad thing . 
  somehow the left has decided that wanting to keep your own money and spend it on your own life/family/friends is a bad thing . 
  it 's not a bad thing , especially in light of the fact that governments are great at wasting people 's hard earned money . 
   reasonability and logic that these are in fact services that are needed for society in general .
