  i find that to be very wrong . 
  yet all of these european countries are in huge debts , a lot of which comes from the military , but also a lot comes from social welfare programs . 
  the money that a family pays in taxes to support a struggling single mother or other unstable family that has children is money they can not use to pay for more children of their own . 
  given that the economies are unstable , jobs are unstable , and central bankers do n't have a clue how to get monetary policy right , committing to 18 years of additional costs to have a child is often a very risky thing to do . 
  if people were to ignore this , we 'd then be complaining about the number of children growing up in poverty . 
  there is a world of difference between reasserting positive values and engaging in a war . 
  not accepting refugees is not the same as engaging in a war . 
   the typical ` white male big balls politics ' only brought wars and poverty the lack of big balls politics over the past several generations has done a great job destroying the middle class while indebting the future . 
  not exactly a positive situation . 
   and in an evolving society we need new standards of thinking instead of praising the old days . 
  caring about your own family and own culture instead of hurting them to provide resources to incompatible foreigners would be a great new way of thinking . 
  thankfully many already perceive it and that is why support for right-leaning governments is increasing . 
   the growth needs to come organically from the natives and the first step is to eliminate the brain washing , self loathing , cultural marxism , feminism etc. 
  nailed it . 
  it 's like insane white guilt - that europe is somehow not fit to continue , despite produces most of the advancements in human history . 
  europe needs to regrow its spine - it needs to rediscover positive masculinity and assertiveness . 
  generations of bashing men has not produced a good result . 
  that 's disappointing . 
  not that i like basic incomes schemes at all , but this desire to heap resources upon people who have n't earned them , especially people from another incompatible culture , is insane . 
  seriously - these politicians are so out of touch that they are not worth fighting for . 
   fewer people is better for europe . 
  i agree , however automation is not here yet , and there are likely a few more decades to get through . 
   the migrants do n't generate net positive income in any eu country , even after living here for years . 
  i also agree with this , which is certainly a flaw in my theory . 
  makes me wonder what the real motive is ... 
  agreed . 
  this is what i think would really be the undoing of european society - a continued out-group preference at the expense of the in-group . 
  i subscribe to the theory that europe 's economic policies have created an environment where the cost of living has become too high and the value of money us become too low , leading to a plummeting native birth rate . 
  because the public has become accustomed to unsustainable social programs ( healthcare , pensions , etc ) the governments can not stop them or even cut them back appreciably . 
  the only option is to grow the tax base to keep feeding these programs . 
  because the natives are n't breeding enough , they are importing the labor . 
  why any european would prefer their government to give their own resources to immigrants instead of their own people and their own children baffles me . 
   face a challenging task to promote our values and agenda . 
  and we are on the right side of history . 
  we will overcome the barbaric totalitarian political ideology of islamism and wash it down in the toilet of history . 
  honest question : what do you consider to be those values ? 
  and how are those values going to overcome islamism ? 
  from what i see in many parts of europe , traditional christian values have been passed up in favor of secular ideologies . 
  europe fought against islam for centuries as a predominantly christian continent . 
  it seems that now islam is gaining a stronger foothold against the more secularized countries . 
   and we are on the right side of history . 
  what does that mean ? 
  you mean in terms of a secular ideology winning out over islam ? 
  i think that is the usual meaning . 
  unfortunately politicians do n't have a good track record of making moral choices . 
   the federal government should have the ability protect free speech . 
  would you agree with the statement : the federal government should not have the ability to interfere with free speech, 
  [ you might find this interesting ] ( http://www.peterleeson.com/better_off_stateless.pdf ), 
  as someone in the 8 year club , i would hope you 've done at least a little reading to know that somalia is a failed socialist state , and not a government-free paradise . 
  the same can be said of accepting official government narratives of events . 
  why do you trust people who have been lying for over a century to you ? 
  [ sorry , but this is not correct ] ( https://mises.org/library/great-depression ) . 
  government credit expansion was largely responsible for the great depression , [ and the new deal prolonged it . 
  ] ( http://newsroom.ucla.edu/releases/fdr-s-policies-prolonged-depression-5409 ) https://mises.org/library/how-fdr-made-depression-worse http://www.wsj.com/articles/sb123353276749137485, 
  it 's not just conversations between people , it is entire narratives and policies of countries . 
  for example , france does n't keep track of the ethnicity of its criminals . 
  can you think of a reason to not do this , except for pc reasons ? 
  completely agree . 
  the pc narrative has destroyed the ability to have productive conversations . 
  you posted a very short article describing the consensus of a large number of people . 
  you clearly felt it was an adequate source to support your position . 
  how can you call what i did cherry picking and biased oversimplification , but not what you have presented as exactly the same , especially when i quoted from * your * source ? 
   for us , the root cause of the current crisis lies in the contradiction between a single , supra-national currency and the continuation of nation-state-based economic policies . 
  this contradiction has given rise to all the other `` causes '' of this crisis . 
  i agree with that however , that does not undo the problem of countries carrying high debts and deficits . 
  the same article states :  the core reality behind virtually every crisis is the rapid unwinding of economic imbalances . 
  in the case of the ez crisis , the imbalances were extremely unoriginal -- too much public and private debt borrowed from abroad . 
   taken together , these two features meant their euro-denominated borrowing was akin to foreign currency debt in a traditional , developing nation ` sudden stop ' crisis . 
  your citation does not refute government debt as a cause of the problem . 
   or pursue fragmentation and `` narrow national interest '' i think this puts it into an unnecessary negative light . 
  there is no universal success associated with a political/fiscal/social european union . 
  maybe what these countries need right now is exactly more national interest . 
  countries can focus on themselves and continue to trade with other countries without `` fragmenting . '', 
  an economic model of spending more than you take in in revenue is precisely how these countries ended up needing bailouts , and now they 're arguing against further cuts in spending . 
  what economic policy would you suggest ? 
  wow , what a counter-argument . 
  agreed . 
  i think people have a hard time either understanding or accepting the fact that a lot of government regulation has created an environment where it 's either stupidly expensive to have kids , or the economic landscape is so volatile that it 's too risky to have kids when you might be out of a job soon enough . 
  while i 'd personally prefer a parent to stay home and raise the kid instead of sending them to daycare , the cost of daycare is just too damn high . 
  in america for example , much of this is due to the fact that you need government approvals 8 ways from sunday to run a daycare . 
  the cost just goes up and up . 
  can we find one country where this remotely works ? 
  every country is run by corrupt politicians . 
  it is the system that attracts them . 
  the system is broken if you want virtuous people to get into power . 
   not exactly , blacks commit the most crimes against . . blacks . 
  but that 's not the case overall or when talking about white or hispanic victims , apparently most races like to victimize members of their own race the most . 
  agreed  i agree on the part about poverty , and yes it does actually lead to lower intelligence , i think it 's reversed . 
  people over lower intelligence are more likely to end up in poverty and have more trouble escaping it . 
   to break the cycle you need to lift people out of poverty and to lift them out of poverty you need to provide people with equal opportunities as to encourage social mobility and better mixing with the native population , so better integration in other words . 
  i 'll disagree a bit with this one as well . 
  you do n't need to lift people out of poverty , just need to remove the barriers and let people lift themselves out . 
  america has had a `` war on poverty '' combined with lbj 's great society for over 50 years . 
  the poverty rate has barely budged despite throwing trillions of dollars in aid at disadvantaged and poor/minority communities . 
  there are still too many laws , such as occupational licensing laws , that make it more difficult for poor people to get ahead . 
  in addition , no matter what you do to give more people better opportunities , you can not stop them from continuing to make bad decisions . 
  [ there are 3 things to do to basically get into the middle class  ( http://cnsnews.com/commentary/terence-p-jeffrey/escape-poverty-graduate-work-get-married-have-kids ) finish high school , hold a job for a year , and wait until marriage to have kids . 
  [ today , whopping 72 % ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/08/05/72-percent-black-fatherhood_n_5648759.html ) of black children are born out of wedlock . 
  that has been climbing steadily over time . 
  it 's not hard to see how unstable families/single mother families are going to make it harder for the poor to escape poverty .
