  i don \u00b4 t see the exact formula of how the countries get their voting power . 
  how is it not ? 
  if they intended on getting work , they could . 
  also , in oslo i saw a gypsy lady just squatting down on the sidewalk and taking a shit . 
  no shame what so ever ... 
  as the situation is right now , we would nat have much say anyway . 
  we are 5 million people . 
  how many seats in the parliament would we get ? 
  yeah . 
  britain . 
  but as english is widely adopted around the world , it is the only logical choice in my opinion . 
  take the biggest languages in europe . 
  french and german . 
  french is pretty much only spoken in france and a few arfican nations , as well as a few island nations . 
  german ? 
  germany ... 
  while the industry is moving out of norway as it has become too expensive to produce anything there . 
  but they are poor . 
  i \u00b4 m sure that is just a cardboard model ... 
  not very interesting . 
  governments around europe are trying to then them on a civilized track , but they refuse . 
  there was an article in a norwegian newspaper a while back . 
  a guy had tried to hire 2 roma for garden work . 
  good pay , easy work . 
  they would rather beg . 
  perhaps . 
  but now we have difficulties communicating with each other as `` europeans '' . 
  i don \u00b4 t see a federal eu happening before we can do that . 
  yeah , i know ... 
  if you have jobs for them , i \u00b4 m sure you could get them for free , 
  what is that ? 
  debt ? 
  prime example of submission techniques . 
  if you are not with us , you are one of them . 
  this european house of cards is crashing down ... 
  the same way everyone is staying afloat at this point . 
  debt . 
  and as everyone with a modicum of economic understanding know , it can \u00b4 t last forever . 
  you tell me ... i \u00b4 m just waiting for this european house of cards to come crushing down , hard . 
  that is actually very interesting . 
  thanks !, 
  a party of this kind or closer to the swiss system would get my vote for sure !, 
  i agree 100 % . 
  had the eu aimed at getting a universal second language 30 years ago , the perhaps we would feel more of a unity by now , but we are still hungarians , greek , norwegian , british and german . 
  we are not europeans . 
  we can \u00b4 t even communicate with each other !, 
  frankly , i blame germany and france . 
  they are the biggest proponents of the eu , while among the poorest speakers of english in europe . 
  are you saying we should not trust the deutsche wehrmacht ? 
  i have lived in china for some time , and the general view of the north koreans are the same as we have . 
  they are batshit insane , and there is not a snowball \u00b4 s chance in hell that china would wage war on behalf of north korea . 
  a joint china/us/nato / korean alliance is actually more likely . 
  the island dispute is more likely to escalate , but a full fledged war is unlikely here as well . 
  the chinese attitude of keeping the status-quo is my basis for saying this , as well as the state-controlled media in china . 
  why is he downvoted ? 
  this is true . 
  also , germany is still well-armed . 
  they make among the best military equipment there is . 
  i hope my government will take notice . 
  i doubt it though . 
  sweden solves some of its unemployment issues by shipping bus loads of swedish youth over here ... 
  the swedish government pays for the bus fare ( not kidding ) . 
  kamel\u00e5s\u00e5 ? 
  no it is not . 
  not if you don \u00b4 t speak norwegian . 
  plenty of jobs in the service sector , but don \u00b4 t expect a job there if you don \u00b4 t speak norwegian , or at least swedish . 
  i \u00b4 m not sure how much we can rely on the rest of eu in terms of defense . 
  emberassing , here it is . 
  this is embarrassing . 
  meanwhile in norway . 
  purchasing 50 f-35 fighters , then closing down every single military airport except one . 
  a single long-range strategic missile , and you effectively shut down our entire air force . 
  continued low support for `` heimevernet '' and local militias , and focusing on more special forces . 
  at least when the russians come , we \u00b4 ll have 400 ninjas . 
  * sigh *, 
  you and me both brother sweden . 
  apparently , defense is not required anymore . 
  at least according to politicians . 
  and the russians who are teasing/testing your airspace , 
  as a noisia fan , here is a video i think you will enjoy immensely . 
  carry on ( and enjoy the concert ) . 
  yeah , they are flying along our coasts all the time as well . 
  nothing new here . 
  i would love to see more cooperation between the northern countries , but nato standards in communication ( link-16 etc ) doesn \u00b4 t include sweden and their proprietary equipment . 
  or so i have been told when i was in the army . 
  erase culture , religion and language then , and insert `` identity '' . 
  the eu will never be as successful as the us due to the things i just mentioned because the different states ( or countries , as i like to call them ) are so vastly different in culture , religion and language . 
  it is not on the table yet , but i \u00b4 m betting on the eradication of national borders in a relatively short time . 
  religion , culture and language is so diverse in europe , it will never be one . 
  do i really have to spell it out ? 
  a lingua franca can be made by decree . 
  it is simple . 
  start learning english in 1st grade and up trough high school . 
  read again . 
  i said getting the euro today would not be a good idea , but not getting rid of the pound when england joined seems to me like good \u00b4 ol brisish holier than thou-attitude . 
  doing it today would not be a good idea , but when did britain become a member again ? 
  i believe it was before 2008 , 
  it can be an argument for both . 
  with and without norway in the equation . 
  what do estonia and greece have in common ?
