  how can you say that ? 
  i see it as very healthy for democracy that `` most '' people have weapons training . 
  turning the norwegian army agains the people would be next to impossible with the current attitude in the army . 
  source : ex-army , like most others . 
  i was in for 2 years . 
  with an eu flag ? 
  i \u00b4 m that neighbor , 
  you can have your federation , but i \u00b4 d prefer to stand apart . 
  expensive ? 
  give me a break !, 
  we go to sweden to buy cheap alcohol !, 
  one common language . 
  you forgot a word . 
  you still got j\u00e4mtland and h\u00e4rjedalen from way back when . 
  maybe some day , we \u00b4 ll settle the score  honestly though . 
  a war between sweden and norway would be awesome for the soldiers , and very frustrating for the leaders/commanders . 
  i could see it become one massive party/camping trip with beautiful scenery , 
  i know , and let me tell you , people don \u00b4 t like it at all . 
  we \u00b4 ll see what happens after the elections , if we more more to the right . 
  can you be more specific ? 
  the russian federation has a long history . 
  so does europe , but not as one federation . 
  you have one common language , we have , what ? 
  five , just within the parliament ? 
  you have a long standing culture , we have dozens . 
  you have a common history , so do we and because of it we distrust each other . 
  i can \u00b4 t say i envy you for having putin , but the eu is not very democratic in its current form as the bigger countries gets to dominate the smaller nations . 
  in my opinion , there must be a federation or nothing , and i \u00b4 d opt for the latter . 
  ahh , this anti-eu thing is like music in my ears . 
  voluntarily giving away power to the federalists in brussels ? 
  i have argued for a common language in the eu for a long time . 
  the language barrier is one of the biggest reason why the `` european community '' has a hard time getting a hold of people . 
  i get downvoted all the time , so have an upvote from me , 
  fusion and alternate energy , education and transport ( i \u00b4 d really like to see the european airspace become like in the us ) . 
  yeah , and there are about 15x more german votes than norwegian votes . 
  do you think the voters in germany will think about the best of other countries ? 
  i don \u00b4 t. 
  it is quite evident , that this inbetween-thing doesn \u00b4 t work , and there will be civil war before a united states of europe will ever exist . 
  also , democracy within the eu is flawed . 
  so , essentially they should be ruled by germany and france ? 
  i can \u00b4 t for the life of me see why smaller countries would join . 
  it is like giving away national sovereignty . 
  each representing according to the population of their respective country , correct ? 
  so , how much `` power '' would iceland , lichtenstein or norway actually have , compared to france , england and germany ? 
  why should the people of any country give away the power to brussels ? 
  because that is where we are headed . 
  our government should \u00b4 ve veto it . 
  no reason what so ever to let them in after being ignored since the peace prize was given to liu xiaobo . 
  because the great european democracy is an illusion . 
  the fat cats are the actual rulers ... 
  and those with the most politically correct posts get the upvotes . 
  / r/europe in a nutshell . 
  point out a party that is fronting extremely unpopular ideas to me then . 
  it is the closest thing you get to direct democracy . 
  4 billion nok , about five hundred million eur , actually , a tad more . 
  sounds like every political party ever . 
  off course they don \u00b4 t agree with me , because they know about the different target audiences which all vote with their wallet . 
  but i am arguing for my personal opinion . 
  when you cast you ballot , do you vote for whatever you think is right , or do you vote for what you think everyone else thinks is right ? 
  i like the other results as well . 
  i would consider being called a populist a compliment . 
  sure i cherry picked , but i like the other definitions just as much . 
  how is this not about taste ? 
  i know i myself have a weird and strange taste , and that is why i don \u00b4 t listen to radio in my car ( i plug in my mp3-player ) and don \u00b4 t watch tv ( because they don \u00b4 t send stuff i particularly like ) . 
  by watching a particular tv-station , or listening to a particular radio-station , you automatically cast your vote . 
  at the end there you are just going all ad absurdum . 
  this is about `` culture '' which again just boils down to personal taste . 
  not health care , public roads etc ( but if that is what you \u00b4 d like , than you have a vote in the next election ) . 
  i could take a dump at a plate , spray paint it gold and call it art . 
  hey , someone might want that shit in their living room , right ? 
  and if i payed to the spray paint myself , sold it and made a profit , then good , but i \u00b4 m sure you would \u00b4 t like to finance that spray paint for me . 
  sure you can . 
  i don \u00b4 t watch tv other than what i get on demand ( i pay for whatever i watch ) , and i don \u00b4 t listen to radio either . 
  you call it populism , but isn \u00b4 t populism by definition `` an egalitarian political philosophy or movement that promotes the interests of the common people . '', 
  i.e democracy ? 
  if justin bieber is what the people wants , that is what they should get . 
  what you are insinuating is that you have a more better more developed taste than the rest , and the government should subsidize your taste . 
  well , i don \u00b4 t want to pay for you to listen to or watch whatever you like . 
  get it on demand and pay for it yourself . 
  `` cultural projects '' should be able fund itself by their own means if it has any reason to exist . 
  that shiny new opera house in oslo cost the taxpayers 500\u00a0000\u00a0000 euros , and i don \u00b4 t think anyone under the age of 50 has ever been there ( a slight over-exaggeration , but still ) . 
  and this is just why i will forever be an opponent to the entire eu-project . 
  no return ticket when you join the new wehrmacht ... 
  the lack of a common language in the eu is one of the biggest reason we don \u00b4 t feel like a close knit community in my opinion . 
  common economy only goes so far . 
  sweden doesn \u00b4 t have the same landscape with mountains and valleys . 
  how is it being gay in turkey ? 
  another one from norway : our king took the tram to go skiing . 
  i like you . 
  who owns the oil reserves in the north sea should scotland become a member , whilst england not ? 
  aberdeen is the oil capital over there right ? 
  the greek protesters are claiming the politicians are ruining the welfare system , but the people did that to themselves . 
  you can \u00b4 t have a welfare system if you can \u00b4 t afford it . 
  and the gypsies has occupied a house . 
  because when you don \u00b4 t have a place to sleep , just steal a house . 
  a mayor has had an inappropriate relationship with a 14 year old girl . 
  some of the skype-logs released to the media is absolutely hysterical . 
  that is about it in addition to the above poster . 
  after the shooting in norway , that was what happened . 
  a massive wave of sympathy for the labour party .
