4000 signatures . 
  i think you have to be 18 years old . 
  can confirm ... 
  pretty much every norwegian also feel rich when going to any other country , while feeling poor at home . 
  after living in fl and ca for almost 3 years , this sounds legit . 
  although none of those stereotypes are really that negative . 
  i doubt you could find that manye europeans who can name and place all the us states on a map really . 
  same shit , but it is more convenient as the us in one country . 
  also , i like guns and hate commies as well . 
  the difference of left and right on the political scale of the us compared to the european is very scewed though . 
  haven \u00b4 t seen a check in 15 years ... 
  plastic all the way . 
  i gre up in norway , stayed for 3 years in the us . 
  also , norway is not a member and i am not a fan of the eu . 
  frankly i feel more american than european . 
  does it say european in your passport ? 
  great . 
  a new eurostasi military force . 
  i feel safer already ... 
  i \u00b4 d rather see the uk dissolved . 
  kamel\u00e5s\u00e5 ... 
  temp-jobs , aka almost-unemployed ... 
  i 'm curious if there has been any realting to roma in norway . 
  the norwegian governments solution to everything seem to be throwing money on the issues , not realizing the unwillingness of the rome to comply with social norms . 
  in practice , yes . 
  in principle , no . 
  22nd of july commemoration , meaning , the election has started . 
  expect to see a lot of politicians who try to divert the attention as to how bad for the country the right wing is going to be . 
  do you guys in romania hear a lot about your fellow countrymen who goes of to more wealthy countries to beg ( gypsies ) ? 
  not trying to start a flame war on the issue , i 'm just wondering wether it is getting any attention . 
  i would recommend you to buy som norwegian childrens books online . 
  seriously . 
  i did this with spanish . 
  where are you going ? 
  ok , i suppose i would have recognized them when you put it in front of me that clearly , but then i \u00b4 m not from romania and i think i would have mistaken some for being indian ( which they kind of are ) . 
  point taken , but do we ( you ) really wan na see the eu as the new ( old , lol ) usa ? 
  with a few at the top ? 
  i really hate typing this , and i probably wouldn \u00b4 t a month ago , but many small droplets make a big river as they say . 
  no matter the details really . 
  we all see the trends world wide . 
  less freedom , more government , more restrictions everywhere you look . 
  if romas would like to attend school , get an education and move away from that `` culture '' of theirs , no one can see that they are roma based on skin colour alone , so the claim of racism is absurd . 
  they are trying to wait out the whole situation , untill all palestinians have been forced away over time . 
  the jews see their history as spanning 5000 years . 
  another 100-150 does n't mean crap . 
  upvoted , and pretty much exactly how i feel . 
  i have nothing but distrust towards politicians in our ruling parties ( coalition ) . 
  i think we will see in our lifetime a federal eu with a narrow circle of friends among the elites . 
  then that 1 % is 100 eur , pretty much on the cent . 
  i \u00b4 d rather spend that on two sixpacks of overpriced norwegian beer . 
  financial statistics reveal solid budget surpluses existed in 1960-73 for the greek general government , but since then only budget deficits were recorded . 
  in 1974-80 the general government had an era with moderate and acceptable budget deficits ( below 3 % of gdp ) . 
  unfortunately this was followed by a long period with very high and unsustainable budget deficits in 1981-2014 ( above 3 % of gdp ) . 
  so ... 75 % voted yes , but the answer is no . 
  what was the point of voting ? 
  when did the national debt start growing to unacceptable levels ? 
  when did greece enter the eu ? 
  * cough * cheap loans from the eu from the get-go * cough * . 
  sure , the financial crisis triggered the whole ordeal , but a house of cards is already fragile , so you can \u00b4 t really blame the wind , you blame the construction . 
  i didn \u00b4 t wan na go to that party anyway , 
  close ramstein , the most important transit hub for the american military in europe . 
  for those of you who say `` hey , what about nato , you can \u00b4 t just do that ! '' . 
  i think we have established by now how the americans see europe . 
  yeah , i don \u00b4 t pay 36 % tax for it to be given away to a far off country . 
  if i wanted that , i \u00b4 d do it myself , and i do , a few times a year to the red cross etc. 
  bailouts , aka pissing you pants to keep warm . 
  sure i would lend to my friends , but i would not lend to the guy 4 blocks away that i have never spoken to . . 
  not at all really . 
  we are not in the eu , and i don \u00b4 t speak german , french , dutch , italian , spanish or any other language than norwegian ( and arguably swedish and danish ) and english . 
  giving away our national product , so the greek can get out of a mess they created themselves . 
  why ? 
  giving away national sovereignty to brussels , when we are more than capable of sorting out our own shit ? 
  i consider myself more swedish than european , and certainly more * nordic * . 
  this , but change icelandic with norwegian  * brofist *, 
  so what ? 
  i don \u00b4 t know who the enemy is anymore :(, 
  these days ? 
  what is the deal on protecting superstition in modern times ? 
  at least old pagan custom/mythology has some fun aspects to them . 
  don \u00b4 t come here . 
  way too expensive ... 
  what do you mean ? 
  pagan customs are as a whole much cooler than christianity , like the pestilence it is ... 
  not us . 
  not yet ... i \u00b4 m expecting it in the future though ... 
  we had that in the 70s and 80s as well , when every able bodied male had an ag3-rifle in their bedroom closet . 
  nowadays we have a ban on pistol grips on hunting rifles and shotguns , as if that makes a difference except on looks . 
  they put down a ban on .50 caliber handguns a few years ago because if could fire through the bullet-proof vests of the police . 
  however , a .44 magnum or .460 does that as well , and they are still legal . 
  i just want the law to make sense . 
  high purchasing power , but gun laws are too tight . 
  and this is how it should be . 
  simply because that is what the people of switzerland wants . 
  would you rather have a bureaucrat deciding it for you ? 
  conscripts are expensive , but i \u00b4 d argue that they make you a better , more mature person once you are done . 
  things like you said , first aid , how to properly dress for different climates , gun safety , ethics and dicipline can \u00b4 t , in my opinion , be measured in money , but will reward the country as a whole over time . 
  i disagree . 
  opinion during ww1 was to arm the public , which meant mandatory shooting in school . 
  this is the reason what there are a krag j\u00f8rgensen guttekarabin in every third gun locker among gun owners in norway . 
  with conscription we get an average of people from every walks of life , while with a professional standing army we would attract many rambos and gun-fanatics .
