  the eu should have made english the lingua franca in europe a long time ago . 
  so , when election is coming up . 
  do you just go to an election booth in the nearest city to vote ? 
  like in the us ? 
  sure , but i hope to avoid it taking 100 years and a civil war to end that dispute in europe :p we have had our share of war . 
  so when an ep is up for election , do you know already then who he is going to vote for ( for president ) in the parliament ? 
  there are for example a right to be able to export social benefits to another country . 
  so they can come here , work for a year , then have 6 months unemployment benefits sent directly to theyir own country ( where they can work and still get the benefits , because norway doesn \u00b4 t know what they are doing in their own country ) . 
  from what i heard , the e\u00d8s is what preventing us to lift that benefit . 
  good post !, 
  what do you see as an incentive for norway joining the union ? 
  i \u00b4 m curious as to how other europeans see it . 
  how about a nordic union ? 
  the be honest , it seems that what matters the least is the people in the eu . 
  rules and regulations thought out by the elite , and designed to centralize the power and no failsafe mechanisms as the americans have . 
  at least they are allowed to purchase rifles rather freely although i hate to bring that up as an argument . 
  as a matter of fact , a great deal of spanish engineers are getting employed in the oil sector here . 
  they are bringing their families over and they learn norwegian . 
  they are off course most welcome and we need engineers up here . 
  then there are the 10 gypsy beggars i see walking 1 km between the royal castle and the central station in oslo , who are later seen outside the wellfare office . 
  however , the e\u00d8s ( european economic cooperation ) rules prevents us from doing many of the things that should be done . 
  the biggest countries should , and was supposed to , take the biggest burdens . 
  i should give germany credit for their economic policies , but teaching kids english should be a walk in the park compare to the other issues . 
  the british who are unwilling to get rid of the pound is just another example . 
  the neo-nationalism seen around europe these days are the knee-jerk reflex to this failed experiment . 
  that they feel they have an above average priority is nationalism in my book . 
  and soviet hegemony is not really an excuse anymore . 
  it is 24 years since the wall went down . 
  also , i have never been en the eastern parts of germany . 
  my experience with germans are west-germans ( kiel and hamburg ) . 
  i do see that one have to give some to get some , but in the case of the eu and norway , it feels like giving and not getting . 
  i am a proponent of the norwegian welfare system , but seeing as other countries are much worse off , i fear we have to give up some or accept waves of immigrants who are looking to get a foot inside our system . 
  why should we agree to that ? 
  agreed . 
  germany and france are the two biggest eu countries , and their language abilities are among the poorest . 
  even though they are the two biggest proponents of the eu , their own nationalism has caused them to be among the worst english speakers in the union . 
  i was at wacken open air in germany a few years back , and i talked to a few germans . 
  they managed to say that `` there are 120 million german speakers , why should we learn english ? '' . 
  both the french and the germans seem to share that notion . 
  also , i have met several french people in norway who were surprised i didn \u00b4 t speak french . 
  did the citizens of the eu choose the current president ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gun_politics#european_union they seem to regulate themselves into more and more power . 
  edit : what happened to the money of the people in cyprus ? 
  `` safe as the bank '' my ass ... 
  it is not really about `` trust '' per s\u00e9 , but we have different cultures , languages and values . 
  are you saying no sharing is needed ? 
  unless the entire eu starts speaking english as a native language i can never see the eu becoming an actual union . 
  i were in germany a few months back , and among all the shopkeepers i interacted with , one spoke english . 
  it is pretty much the same in france in my experience . 
  because we are a continent with all different cultures and languages . 
  there will never be a `` we '' in the same way americans see themselves as americans and not texans and californians . 
  i see myself as a norwegian , and not really as a european . 
  i live in a small town . 
  i can \u00b4 t imagine waking up to that shit . 
  hey , let \u00b4 s get a glorious nordic union going !, 
  the legion !, 
  is it a big deal among citizens ? 
  i mean , do they want more transparency ? 
  i have always envied switzerland for your banking secrecy , gun culture and direct democracy ... 
  yeah we do , and time is running out !, 
  in theory yes , but in many circumstances , the norwegian state are not aware of the fact that a citizen got a new citizenship elsewhere . 
  i knew an norwegian/israeli from my time in the army , who got his israeli citizenship when he was 21 . 
  never told the norwegian government and now lives with two . 
  he was no security cleared . 
  lol, 
  1 from somalia ? 
  i should have guessed . 
  they all come here !, 
  i work in the oil industry myself , and while i do make a good living for myself , the oil is not all that beneficial as you might think . 
  first of all , we don \u00b4 t spend much of it , and that is a good thing . 
  however , the oil is the cause of the industry moving out because the salaries . 
  when the oil runs out , it won \u00b4 t be all that great because we \u00b4 ll have very little industry left . 
  kind of like saudi arabia . 
  norway has the opposite problem . 
  household income increasing year by year , and that causes the industry to move out to other , cheaper , countries . 
  the oil-industry is to blame . 
  the norwegian crown ( nok ) is already so strong that they cannon invest in infrastructure without the fear of inflation . 
  lol . 
  we norwegians go to sweden to buy cheap booze ... add another 20-30 % and you reach norwegian levels . 
  the germans are the ones so engaged in this disastrous project called the eu . 
  they should go for number two instead of acting like the fourth fucking reich . 
  they call it `` the fourth reich '' . 
  yes . 
  i \u00b4 d rather see another 10 breivik 5-star hotels than 1 cent to the 4th reich . 
  lol , you can \u00b4 t have it . 
  it would be wasted in a decade on this failed project . 
  norwegians will continue to vote no to the eu . 
  everyone onboard the down boat !, 
  lol . 
  germans doesn \u00b4 t speak english ... 
  lol . 
  our politicians has not gone to elite universities ... 
  heretic !!, 
  out of curiosity , what are the names ( and translations ) in finnish ? 
  in norwegian it is : the bourne identity - hvem var jason bourne ? 
  ( who was jason bourne ? ) . 
  the bourne supremacy - g\u00e5ten jason bourne ( the riddle ; jason bourne ) . 
  the bourne ultimatum - jason bournes ultimatum ( self explanatory ) . 
  just horrible ... 
  the ethnocentric germans and french are the ones still doing this , and in my experience , the ones who are the poorest in foreign languages among europeans .
