  i understend , but i 'm not sure if it is the best way . 
  this way is to fight and polarising . 
  but maybe you are right . 
  anyway - have a good night . 
  interesting question . 
  imho what do the gay people need ? 
  homosexual marriages ? 
  adopting children ? 
  they can do that in current laws in all countries of eu . 
  what do they really need ? 
  imho it is an acceptance of other people . 
  it can be done on the level of law but more important on the level of average life . 
  i met a couple of gay men in shop holding hands in my city in poland . 
  they were probably from not our city and came here to show how brave they were . 
  they were walking touching their hands and looking in other males eyes - with statement - fight me . 
  when i was in london last year i spot the same look in socho when two boys were walking touching their hands . 
  they were brave in some acceptable area . 
  i 'm not sure what is the level of accaptance of gay people in your countriy . 
  for me it is not government level but ordinal people . 
  how would people react in portugal cities to obvious gay couple ? . 
  i 'm not sure about current , but i hope they will not be so hypocritical like previous one . 
   which argument ? 
  you mean arguments that were ( are ) using by opponents of kaczy\u0144ski ? 
  you can start from gazeta wyborcza articles and it 's comments . 
  they are done by journalists and ordinal readers of this medium . 
  if you need more representative statements made by top politicians - here is some examples : former president lech wa\u0142\u0119sa was introducing ` lech kaczy\u0144ski with wife and jaros\u0142aw kaczy\u0144ski with a husband ' . 
  former vice of tusk from po janusz palikot about political opponents from pis : 1 . 
  do i like ziobro ? 
  no - he is too ladylike . 
  do you like this level ? 
  and do you really believe that former government was gay-friendly and current is not ? 
  at least current has no obvious assholes using homosexuality arguments to humiliate political opponents . 
   bigots exist just fine without laws as well . 
  agree . 
  it is truism and it is hard to not agree . 
  really ? 
  big part the ` modern ' opposition are using argument about homosexuality of the pis leader to laugh at him and use and used it to humiliate him . 
  i 'm talking about facts - there were no punishment law in poland concerning gay people . 
  we did not murder , castrate or jail people in the name of law because of their homosexuality . 
  in contrast to western part of eu . 
   there 's still a lot of work to be done . 
  agree . 
   same shit happened in eastern europe before they joined the union . 
  please do not use stereotypes about so called eastern europe . 
  in western part of eu the law punishment of the homosexuality was ended in 1968 in germany ( gdr 1969 ) , uk : - scotland : 1980 , northern ireland : 1982 . 
  in xix century homosexuality was punished by death in uk . 
  in sweden , transvestism was canceled from the list of illness in 2009 . 
  i do not want to talk about whole eastern europe , but in poland there was no laws punishment of homosexuality in the whole history . 
   polish gov. 
    clown fiesta , instead of one clown . 
  nothing changes . 
  really ? 
  you can use google translate : ' a language ' -  ` russian ' and at the bottom you have it translated to russian using latin alphabet . 
  here is your message translated : interesno , yesli by russkiy i vyglyadet ' tak slozhno , yesli oni ispol ` zovali latinskiy alfavit ( ya ne mogu chitat ' kirillitsey ) . 
  in an article entitled , `` jews and poles lived together for 800 years but were not integrated , '' published in forverts ( new york , september 17 , 1944 ) , yiddish author and nobel laureate isaac bashevis singer wrote :  rarely did a jew think it was necessary to learn polish ; rarely was a jew interested in polish history or polish politics . 
  ... even in the last few years it was still a rare occurrence that a jew would speak polish well . 
  ** out of three million jews living in poland , two-and-a-half million were not able to write a simple letter in polish and they spoke [ polish ] very poorly ** . 
  there are hundreds of thousands of jews in poland to whom polish was as unfamiliar as turkish . 
  the undersigned was connected with poland for generations , but his father did not know more than two words in polish . 
  and it never even occurred to him that there was something amiss in that . 
  1 . east of elbe 2 . exceptions confirm the rule . 
  edit : tesla ? 
  really ? 
  jews used to live in their own ghettos and did not integrate with host nations . 
  by the way - actor of [ grzegorz brz\u0119czyszczykiewicz ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marian_kociniak ) died just today . 
  sources needed , man . 
  or another circlejerk ? 
  this text is published on ` natemat ' website , created and maintained by the one of the most compromised and controversial ~ ~ journalist ~ ~ politics in polish scene - tomasz lis . 
  he is an aggressive supporter of previous government and hater of the current one : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e3p8_qo1tu0 . 
  he also get the ` hiene of the year ' award given by journalists in poland . 
  i would not be so excited about this news . 
  in response to the sheinbein affair , on april 19 , 1999 , the knesset passed an amendment ( number 6 ) to the extradition act , which permitted the extradition of israeli citizens who had committed crimes abroad . 
  ** it divided israeli citizens into two categories : israeli citizens who are residents of israel at the time an extradition request is made and those who are not residents at the time of the extradition request . 
  the former are to be extradited , but then returned to israel for sentencing . 
  ** the latter group may be extradited and serve sentences in either the state where the crime was committed or in israel . 
  the 1999 amendment was an attempt to distance israel with its reputation as a harbinger of criminals and to be a safe haven for only israeli residents . 
  however , abraham abramovsky and jonathan i. edelstein argue that current extradition policy in israel still leaves loopholes and problems that will allow many criminals to recede to israel 's soil and the sanctity of its courts . 
  israel does not extradite its citizens . 
   thus , 4,500 [ ... ] were deported to poland , while 7,144 were also sent to treblinka . 
  treblinka is in the teritory of todays poland too . 
  should not it be : ~ ~ poland ~ ~ auschwitz-birkenau ? 
   dna is fully developed while still in your sack really ? 
   brainless tissue = / = child fully developed dna describing human . 
   i 'd prefer gay pride really appreciate . 
  good for you . 
  seems to be a [ lot of work ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vibmaz1isho ) for lithuania . 
   female issues is it a synonim for lack of contraception , education , responsibility and easy remedy for that ` issue ' as children killing ? 
  agree - that point is called a common sense . 
   poland bans abortions , and we are pride of it . 
  what is your [ goal ] ( http://www.johnstonsarchive.net/policy/abortion/mapeuropeabrate.html ) -- the russian statistics ? 
   and we do n't have crosses and road chapels every kilometer . 
  but thanks to [ that ] ( http://blog.szymanskich.net/index.php/wzgorza-krzyy/ ) your factor of average cross on square kilometer is bigger  . 
  and honestly - i 'm not a believer , but i think , that catholicism is the matter that build our history . 
  and we should not treat it as an reason to be shamed of . 
  and used as a criterion to be more ` progressive ' or ` western ' . 
  it is our common history part . 
  it is sad man . 
  will ever that men resistance of it ? 
  so - birmingham you 're saying . 
  by the way - this is in accordance with the sharia law .
