  it seems that netherlands , italy , germany , france and other ` old ' european nations that took our market and our factories for free , now are ~ ~ angree ~ ~ angry because of free market and fair competitions . 
   here is standard.at mentioning it and here is uebermedien.de going in-depth into lots of specific examples . 
  i do n't know this websites . 
  what i understand that anything they put on thieir websites is untrue . 
  hope they will not publish something about e = mc ^ 2 . 
   what is factually wrong about the article ? 
  i answered this question [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6iok87/poland_wants_to_put_its_courts_on_trial/dj93gv5/ ) . 
  did you read it ? 
  if so - please answer . 
  as i said - if you have any question - please write it - i will try to ansewer it . 
   factually do you know any facts that are mentioned in this article ? 
  - who would like to ` put our courts on trial ' , - ` protest camp has formed outside the supreme court in warsaw 's krasinski square ' - who is formed it and why ? 
  - `` the court must go to court , '' reads one sign ' - it 's not true . 
  that is few first sentences of this ` article ' . 
  if you have any specific questions please write it directly . 
  it seems that poland has a large stockholm syndrome . 
  and we will germans pay for it , 
  the intro , the picture and the whole article as a consequent of this . 
   is anything besides the first paragraph `` weird '' to you in any way shape or form ? 
  for me it 's ` weird ' that such an credible , opinionable and appreciated source like dw uses such a low level of journalism . 
   can you explain what you mean by that ? 
  according to me , the german mass media are not independent . 
  they are controlled . 
  for example - cases of refugees ' attacks and other islamists [ are not described ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/0/viewer?mid=1_rnt3k2zxb-f9z-2nsfmibqkxcs&amp;ll=51.36119443931468%2c6.969721633496192&amp;z=5 ) . 
  you have a [ government organization for censorship ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/censorship_in_germany#west_germany_.281945.e2.80.941990.29_and_re-unified_germany_.281990-present.29 ) - the only one in the eu . 
  today 's german government and people who rule the eu do not like today 's government in poland - pis . 
  do you have an article that would describe them well in the german press ? 
  according to me , this is because it is a government that is more friendly to the usa than to germany . 
  and that is the only reason . 
  no ` democracy ' , power divisions and other slogans . 
  former polish government - broke the law by appointing additional judges to the constitutional tribunal . 
  then when they knew they would lose . 
  it was they who started this mess . 
  then germany and the eu had no problem with it - because it was their friends . 
  for me it 's just hypocrisy . 
   isnt pis far left though ? 
  that is true . 
  they believe in ` social solidarity ' and equal redistribution of goods . 
  they are taking money from some people and giving it away for other ones . 
  it 's pure socialismus . 
   screaming fake news and drowned in their party propaganda . 
  it 's a bit naive imho to use arguments about fake news in this case . 
  it 's 02:30 am and i noticed that you have only 1 point . 
  i upvoted your message - so - someone else downwoted it . 
  wondering why -- you just described the situation . 
  strange - is n't it ? 
   did n't hear from any media about this protest either , but as a varsovian i certainly noticed that those guys have been protesting there for at least the last few months . 
  frankly though , i had no idea what that protest was about until i read this article . 
  it looks like an article addressed to germans who have no idea what is going on in poland and how to verify the truthfulness of the articles published by dw . 
  yet another article with purpose to trigger the germans for a democratic elected government in poland . 
   when a bear and a wolf fight , you do n't go picking sides on who gets to eat you . 
  what are you talking about for god 's sake ? 
  your contry - romania and my country - poland - we have a good time now - imho . 
  good time without wars . 
  good time without the imposed ideology and their militia , i hope that what we associate is respect for work rather than murderous , nazi , communist or other socialist ideologies . 
  are you trying to justify the appropriation of the achievements of the peoples of the ussr for several people ? 
  why do you - as anarcho tech - make excuses for unfair people ? 
  i tried to find any information about this protest . 
  nor search for this protest or ` find by picture ' option gives any results . 
  even pis-haters groups from poland like gazeta wyborcza or tvn did not write about it . 
  do you know what the author of this article is writing about ? 
  by the way - on the picture from dw is the sign with caption : ` usun\u0105\u0107 s\u0105dzi\u00f3w zbrodniarzy z prl ' which can be translated for : ` get rid of felon judges from prl ' where prl is the name of communist poland and time when poles were murdered by communist law system . 
   unfortunately it 's the same words used for putin and russian oligarchs in 2003 i do n't want to check what putin have said about oligarch in 2003 , but i remember that only very few people become multi-billionaires and owners of former ussr goods and industry after falling of ussr . 
  we can criticise putin for many things - but this one he made well imho . 
  belarus is the full heir of the grand duchy of lithuania imho - so it should be colored in blue . 
  google translate : vice-president of the greens in the european parliament ska keller has come up with an idea on how to solve the problem of migration crisis . 
  the politician proposed to relocate whole villages from syria to eastern europe . 
  vice-president of the greens in the european parliament explained in the interview with the daily neuen osnarbruecker zeitung that the problem of the migration crisis should be resolved as soon as possible . 
  in the opinion of german politicians , the refusal by some member states to accept refugees within the framework proposed by the european commission is a violation of eu law and the denial of community freedoms . 
  ska keller stated that the problem is also that migrants may not want to live in countries like poland or the czech republic , where they will feel alone . 
  meps pointed out that in these countries the muslim minority practically does not exist . 
  the greens have proposed their own solution to this problem . 
  in keller 's opinion , if refugees do not want to live in eastern europe because their compatriots are not there , then for example in latvia or in other eastern european countries , entire syrian villages could be relocated . 
  according to german politicians , it will be much easier to integrate and assimilate newcomers from the middle east . 
  according to a member of the european parliament , this is a compromise that everyone will be happy about . 
  at the same time , in a conversation with the german politician , she acknowledged that she was a proponent of the creation of a common eu asylum policy , which would apply to all member states . 
  - the main problem of the european union is currently the lack of solidarity between the member states . 
  we need a common system that will avoid problems in the future such as when visegrad group countries refuse to accept and accept solidarity , `` she said . 
   i guess it 's a culture thing ? 
  or state-whatever thing ? 
  is there a big cultural difference between croats and other slavs ? 
  with the rest i can agree . 
  i see that movement to give away sensitive data - both to companies like facebook , google etc. 
  and ` inteligence forces ' . 
  it will change the human behaviour in the future . 
  it gives a lot of opportunities to governments , companies and people that can use this data for their own particular purposes . 
  let 's hope that they are the ` good guys ' . 
  really ? 
  never ever ( i was witness at court , had id several times , passports etc. ), 
  my fingerprints was taken . 
  hovewer i can imagine , that the next version of id 's would require the fingerprint . 
  wellcome to the new world . 
  seems like pragmatism higher than the czech level , 
   general population likes the eu but is also generally opposed to taking refugees . 
  that is true for all of v4 countries imho . 
  before we start pulling more general conclusions - let 's wait if responsibility for the attack will be taken by the isis or republic of poland . 
  you mean refugees blockading a motorway with tree trunks ? 
  where else ? 
  i hope the french will finally find a solution to this problem . 
  and there will be no more mortal victims .
