  let 's not give up . 
  the sun will shine for us too in some day . 
   the biggest proportion of women are studying medicine and veterinary medicine ( 78 and 75 % respectively ) it sounds like lack of gender equality . 
  men should start an masculinist movement there . 
  the [ chart ] ( http://imgur.com/rh8uf21 ) from the economist website . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/triglav_ ( mythology ) i 'm not a bot . 
   but i would be highly suprised if there was done as much as for the german market . 
  soon . 
  [ it is ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ef_english_proficiency_index ) :  the product of ef education first , a global language training company , and draws its conclusions from data collected via english tests available for free over the internet . 
  it is as reliable as any other internet voting census . 
  it is difficult to draw meaningful conclusions from this . 
  despite of this , the articles based on this ranking , appear frequently on the internet and this sub . 
  imho it is obvious , that english is much easier for german tribes and harder for other ones . 
  they are reciting the ` hadzi dimityr ' by christo botew . 
  if you are interested in polish translation ( by w\u0142adys\u0142aw broniewski ) of this poem -- you can find it [ here ] ( https://balkanistykaumcs.wordpress.com/2014/04/28/hadzi-dimityr ) . 
   breaking news : germany welcomes the multi millenary man , but they force breaking news : denmark welcomes the multi millenary man , but they ask if he has any gold on him to pay his bills . 
  happy [ liberation of bulgaria ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberation_of_bulgaria ) anniversary !, 
   you think i 'm a biased crazy c'mon . 
  why should i ? 
  just please back to the beginning . 
  you claimed that :  will tell you that muslims are literally animals who should be either hot or deported do you really believe in what you said ? 
  if so -- please once again - give an an smallest example that will support your theories . 
  if you can ' f find it - just please - not use it . 
   jesus , a figure like him is n't going to say this stuff out loud it 's just your imaginations and expectations what your opponent should say . 
  you have your own biased opinion and are trying to put it to your imaginary opponent 's mouth . 
  imho . 
  you put your claims and can not find any evidence to prove it . 
  it is just sad . 
   ` are literally animals who should be shot ' watched this one and did not found any evidence of your clime . 
  i was trying to find information in polish media about this issue . 
  all of the information from googling goes from both wyborcza.pl or gazeta.pl websites . 
  they are considered as controversial and biased leftist propagandists . 
  what is interesting , that both media belong to the same owner , the testimonies differs . 
  [ wyborcza ] ( http://warszawa.wyborcza.pl/warszawa/1,34862,19686894,warszawa-chilijski-pianista-pobity-bo-wygladal-na-araba.html ) describes :  victim was sitting on the opposite site of the drunk aggressor who was sleeping . 
  when he waked up , he asked what it is the station . 
  during discussion aggressor asked if he is an arab . 
  he answered that he is from chile . 
  aggressor then asked if he knows english - becouse he would like to have an english teacher and asked the phone number of the victim . 
  the victim answered , that he knows english but he is music teacher and will not teach english . 
  the aggressor goes mad and start to beat him . 
  the victim was not sure but probably aggressor had a bottle in his jacket sleeve , becouse he felt that he broke his tooth . 
  from the same media owner [ gazeta.pl ] ( http://metrowarszawa.gazeta.pl/metrowarszawa/1,141637,19679733,byl-pijany-pytal-czy-jestem-arabem-nauczyciel-muzyki-z-chile.html ) testimony :  beggining is the same , but : victim , answering for the phone number , gave him a fake one . 
  aggressor phoned for that number and realised that it is fake . 
  ` while beating the aggressor suddenly grab a bottle and hit me in the face . ', 
  imho , we should all calm down and wait for the verdict of a court . 
  and do not believe in every different testimonies , comming from controversial media and easy spread in other ones . 
  you gave examples of youtube channels and not ` polish media ' - imho both yt channels and comments on it are not representative and imho none should draw conclusions and build theories from that . 
  you can find similar channels and opinions in other countries too . 
  i do not know every channel you mentioned . 
  from time to time i watch max tv - can you give me when he was talking about muslims that ` are literally animals who should be shot ' ? 
   just go watch some ` independent polish media ' , they will tell you that muslims are literally animals who should be either shot or deported examples ? 
  hope australian citizens will never do something bad to usa . 
  just like chechens some years ago - at that time , some of the us citizens wanted to bomb czechia instead . 
  imho the recipe seems to be quite easy - please pay attention on the common subject . 
  v4 cinematography is quite strong lately . 
  in 2015 it was polish movie ` ida ' that won the oscar . 
  both movies are describing life of jews in central europe ( or east if you wish  during and short after the holocaust . 
  personally , the only people from albania i met in poland , was trying to sell ` binoculars with night vision ' and that kind of crap . 
  perhaps they were just the same ` albanians ' as ` romanians ' trying to palmistry . 
  probably not a representative group , based on which you can build up a sentence of albanians . 
  i saw an interesting document of albania , talking about the code of conduct ` kanun ' . 
  afair - it is normative for the mountain peoples of albania . 
  it was interesting for me , as an attempt to normalize deviations occurring in every society - as , for example , homosexual , or any other reason to be a single women as - ` women in trousers ' . 
  woman pretanding to be a men . 
  in these criteria albanians are different from us . 
  and according to me - it is very well . 
  we are all different . 
  perhaps it is you that are right . 
   ( way too much jesus for my liking ) in criterion of atheism czechs are one of the best in whole europe . 
  if you like it . 
  you , as a pole , really consider czech as a destination place ? 
  in which criterion ? 
  probably geographical . 
  are these changes noticeable to the average romanian in everyday life ? 
  moderator complaining about tone of this subreddit ? 
   so poles that dont share the same views as you are no poles ? 
  straw man argument . 
   til you can learn from message to message . 
   to show what happens when stronger states take territory from weaker states and create facts that people are unwilling to challenge ? 
  if germany would became weaker than polish would you justify the acquisition of the slavic lands now belonging to germany ? 
  russia owned part of poland since 17xx too . 
  then we had at beginning of xx century 20 years of independence . 
  then russia took us again for 40 years . 
  we exist after all of that . 
  is it proof that we are part of russia ? 
  and by the way - you have polish flare - are you polish for real ? 
   it is a stupid questions thank you . 
  it 's said that there is no stupid question - but the answers . 
   how long russia is in possession of this grounds ? 
  from few months . 
  for me russia took another part of land belonging to other countries - in the name of eternal imperialism , they are aggressive one , bullying weaker countries , rebuilding their ` sphere of influence ' . 
  they are aggressors and the one that are changing current geographical maps . 
  in which criterion ? 
  how do you think - what russian will do when asian nations living in todays russia would decide and like to take their lands and freedom ? 
   if russia and ukraine would take the right steps tomorrow you mean russia will give back the crimea tomorrow ? 
  i do not want to elaborate about whole article , but only for 1968 jewish emigration . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.fzp.net.pl/marzec-68/jak-pozbyto-sie-zydow-w-1968r ) article from polish jews website . 
  the numbers of jews leaving poland was as follow : 1949-50 : 30.000 1956 : 47.000 1960-66 : 4200 1968 : 3437 1969 : 7674 1970 : 698 so it was much less in around 68 than in previous years . 
  it is worth to mention , that poland was unslaved at that time under soviet regime . 
  ` oridnary ' people was not allowed to leave the country and passport was a object of desire .
