  they are not into computers , but lastly my mum searched and watched whole episode in turkish - because she would like to know what happened next . 
  so - your movie is quite popular in poland , and movies are good for spreading someone 's point of view . 
  unfortunatelly we do n't have such a one in poland . 
  hope we will have . 
  please do n't generalize . 
   you forgot to call lithuania a fake country and boast how you personally christianized it . 
  example of straw man argument . 
  what is known as historical lithuania is mostly today 's belarus and ukraine . 
  today 's lithuania is former [ samogitia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/samogitia ) region - just a small part of historical wkl . 
  for me it 's just sad that todays lithuanians here are negating everything from our former commonwealth . 
  where from all that hate comes ? 
  just spotted you in polish threads here and there and you seems to be always full of categorical judgments about everything - even if you are from far away country . 
  / u/random-guy 410 - you are seem to be from portugal , and you are quite active in threads considering poland - why is that if i my ask - have you any personal connection to our country ? 
  your [ head of state being of lizard people and being ballon ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mlypgkg0lcc ) is not so far away . 
   the winner you are the first and just won a voucher for a free balloon . 
  let 's make a competitions - how to present the president of your country in a similar light ~ ~ using the phothoshop ~ ~ . 
  our blessed and world-wide liked previous , bright , smart and liked president of poland , but not_from_bad_pis [ bronis\u0142aw komorowski ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dovt4ge0dus ) - in his speech in japanese parlament : ` come here my [ shogun ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shogun ) ' directed to polish main general in charge of polish troops . 
  hope this kind of people are far away from government now . 
   have faith in our justice system . 
  i have - that is all what i can do . 
  bless you and your justice system . 
   they would be seen as murderers and whenever they get out - they just started life in hard mode . 
  i 'm from poland , you are from scotland , we are both far away from this city . 
  hope you are right . 
  i hope that we would not tolerate such a killers in our local society . 
  so - they will be free at least in their 18 . 
  with all the possible local glory . 
   also the age of criminal responsibility in england and wales is 10 not 18 . 
  so they will be treated as adults for local law ? 
  there is no graduation between 10-18 ? 
  what is the lowest and highest punishment for them , and what is most expectable penalty for them for racist hate killing ? 
  we have similar law . 
  minors can do whatever they want . 
  they can kill somebody and in any circumstances and are not punished . 
  until they reach magic 18-year old . 
  they will be free also under our polish law or their - uk law . 
  that play from our - polish arm of the law is just the play for our publicity - and i 'm glad about it . 
  the killers will be free in next few years in uk or in poland . 
  agree . 
  i was just reffering to previous message . 
  agree . 
  i was just reffering to previous message . 
   are poles going to pay reparations to the jews that were murdered by poles during ww2 ? 
  are jews going to pay reparations to the poles that were murdered by jews during ww2 ? 
  where did i use this buzzword : ` terrorists ' ? 
  please point it . 
  ramzan kadyrov , current president of chechenia , the son of former chechen president akhmad kadyrov ( hope that he is a good representation of chechen people ) is cooperating with rusians now . 
  they have a big subside money stream from russia . 
  putin is talking about him as ` son ' . 
  who is afraid of government of todays chechenia ? 
  is n't just people who supports extremists from isis ? 
  is n't they just supporters of sharia law ? 
  and this kind of extremists ? 
   they mention that one got house burned down after complaining on tv about situation . 
  all of that 400 people waited in the border , lived in that burned house and thus should get the status of refugees ? 
  i feel bad about other countries enjoying the opportunity and trying to take something from uk because of the consequences of their vote . 
  i do n't think that we could win in a competition with ireland , germany or france . 
  but i 'm glad that we have people like morawiecki that at least try . 
  that is their , government duty . 
   but it annoys me how all poles on this sub shit on the uk for their role in ww2 . 
  our government at that time was in uk . 
  we appreciate it . 
   it 's disrespectful when everybody acts like we did nothing . 
  imho it 's pity that you have made so little at that time . 
  we should attack germany in two-tier front . 
  it was easier at that time . 
  god bless you , allahu akbar or workers of the world , unite !, 
  - whatever you choose . 
   good luck with you eu army vs russia fight . 
  you can stay inside and make other nations play for your goals . 
  as usual . 
  you are happy to be an island . 
   decisions are made outside it by exclusive groups ? 
  do you really think that real decision in eu are made democratically - like by for example - vote ? 
   does anyone know this proto-slavic actually existed , i presume that it did , and if so , is the language still alive/known ? 
  [ proto-slavic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/proto-slavic ) is the unattested , reconstructed proto-language of all the slavic languages . 
  it represents slavic speech approximately from the 5th to 9th centuries ad . 
  as with most other proto-languages , no attested writings have been found ; scholars have reconstructed the language by applying the comparative method to all the attested slavic languages and by taking into account other indo-european languages . 
  people look at her probably because of the her beauty and unusual hair . 
   because you 're making a generalization about an entire nation where from you have this impression ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  what generalization ? 
  i 'm just referring to people from this thread . 
  hope they are not the ` entire nation ' . 
   ignorant . 
  please elaborate . 
  without ad personal comments . 
  just describing what i see . 
   you 're right many ppl do n't like pis i said influential not many . 
  last polls gives pis over 40 % in poland . 
   it 's pretty obvious something needs to be done about the birth rate . 
  it 's a problem most countries in europe have so obviously they all need to do something about it . 
  imho it 's just a truism . 
  we all know about it . 
  i do n't like the 500 + program , but pis was the first that was dare to implement it . 
  like merkel in germany . 
  oh please do n't use eristics here . 
  imho there are influential people in eu and in poland who do n't like pis . 
  and they will find any of their exceptions and famous in this sub ` local news ' to paint them in a bad light . 
  i just wanted to find some similarities between new polish and old german governments .
