  and the parental benefits seems alike - do n't you thing so ? 
   typical polish attitude to technology development - `` it is too difficult '' . 
  seriously - i 'm polish and never heard of it . 
  where are you from , and where are you get this stereotype from ? 
  i 'm not sure if you got my post correctly . 
  i was talking about monopoly of german/french engine producers that made a high standard of norms - not reachable even for them . 
  and it 's just a polishinel 's secret that their engines do not pass the norms - just to keep their monopoly in worldwide market . 
  usa after troubles in accepting tipp by eu side dared to publish some data about real achivements of eu monopoly engines . 
  it was just a warning imho . 
  thus the future is in electric engines , that could break a monopoly of eu manufacturers . 
   merkel 's government increased parental benefit multiple times . 
  as minister for families , ursula von der leyen specifically tried to increase birth rates by passing pro-family legislation . 
  please do not take this personally , but this behavior of merkel reminds me action pis in poland . 
  the pis , which has such a poor press in europe . 
   it 's a trade-off . 
  found translation of this idom : ` where you stand depends on where you sit ' . 
  it 's changing during your lifetime . 
  hope the translation fit . 
   it 's been tried many times , never worked . 
  just ask the germans . 
  imho they will elect merkel once again . 
   the reason i do n't want kids is i was today in hospital . 
  i was waiting in the corridor in near the ophthalmology clinic . 
  i spot couples - very old person and their child / grandsons waiting together . 
  younger was trying to help elders . 
  i also spot one old man . 
  he was single . 
  he was almoust completely blind he had a big bag with him and he was completely alone . 
  first he was trying to open the door from the clinic . 
  the bag was too big for him . 
  and the door too . 
  he was too little and too helpless . 
  after few seconds he managed to fight the door and stayed near the lift . 
  it was 2-nd floor . 
  he was trying to find a button to take a lift down . 
  he was almoust blind and put his head near the buttons on the level of his belt . 
  it lasted for few seconds . 
  i helped him - asking if i can help him and where he would like to go . 
  his smile was - like you know - rescued puppies from well known footages . 
   poland is looking very promising along with the rest of eastern europe excepts for their birth rates ... for poland it was 1.29 in 2015 . 
  how the hell can it be so low ? 
  people during famines and black plague had more children that polish do now under a rapidly growing economy ... super-crowded and super-rich japan manages to have more children than poland . 
  so either those numbers are wrong or something crazy is happening within polish culture that i 'm not aware of . 
  ouch you lithuanians - when it 's someting positive - like this message about poland - you just have to find and put a a spoonful of tar in a barrel of honey . 
  have you noticed something like that from our side ? 
  maybe give the gov a chance ? 
  burns like polystyrene . 
  is it a polystyrene fiber ? 
  i see - it would be ` targ ' in poland . 
  hope the war will end soon and you will stay united and strong . 
  best wishes . 
  what is the ` trg ' in ` studentski trg ' ? 
   start building cars like skoda or dacia is doing . 
  simplifying - skoda is vw and dacia is renault . 
  it 's hard to compete in modern car industry - there is only few engines manufacturers that meet the high eu standards . 
  hope it will change in future because of electric cars . 
  hope we will have our own electric car . 
   the uk and israel have never been good friends are n't you [ uk ] considered as an creator of today 's israel ? 
  imho the most important quesiton is - who will be the command of the army . 
  people like schulz or juncker ? 
  they proposed [ punishment ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/commission-wants-to-make-eu-countries-pay-for-not-accepting-refugees/ ) for countries that do not accept refugees invited by germany . 
  imagine what would happen if they have a real power and could command the army in those days . 
   it 's not about abortion itself ( well , it also is ) . 
  it 's more about what it means in a wider sense and what type of culture it expresses . 
  what it means in criterion of abortion according to you ? 
   it would be `` better '' to get immigration from rich , stable countries . 
  for sure . 
  but it 's still about the wages . 
   if pointing this out and wanting it to change means i 'm ` complaining about everything ' fine , i 'll let ` the psychologists diagnose me ' . 
  my intention was not to talk about you personally or judge you as op . 
  please pay attention that in my citation i removed the ` like op ' from above message . 
  i just try to avoid explanations and wall of text . 
  i just wrote :  there are still people [ ... ] who like to complain about everything . 
  because imho there are the people that complain about everything ( i 'm not talking about you - i do n't know you ) . 
  i 'm sorry if you feel bad about my answer - it was not my intention to judge exactly you or your post . 
  i just do n't like attitude , when other people are celebrating because of even short period of time when they are winners , then there is someone who is ` rational ' and should download them to the ground . 
   enterprise in western countries some of my friends migrated to western countries . 
  because of wages . 
  no one from them opened their ` own enterprise ' . 
  they work as project manager ( after phd in poland ) and worker at vw factory in germany . 
  but maybe it 's just my case . 
   saying everything is fine creates complacency . 
  if enough people complain about something , maybe just maybe it will get fixed . 
  but complying could result in discouragement of the population . 
  especially in a situation where you achieve the actual goals . 
  sorry , i did not want to be rude . 
  i found this [ chart ] ( http://rynekpracy.org/x/946883 ) for people 15-24 , hope it 's reliable . 
   there are still people [ ... ] who like to complain about everything . 
  we have them in poland and polish redditors in / r/europe too . 
  i 'm not a psychologist , but for sure that mechanism was already desribed by scientists . 
   i 'm sorry to hear that , in poland , even people who earn a decent living miss the days of communism . 
  as i said it 's minority . 
  imho the same people you described :  only the poor miss the days of communism ( well , the poor above 50 never spot anyone under 20 that have nostaligia about commuinsts . 
  exactly . 
  i agree . 
  some people in poland ( minority ) has a sentiment for communist time . 
  for them it was time , when they can afford for example vacation for their children or whole family . 
  ( now i 'm talkin about people i know personally case ) - now their children grown up and are at their own and parents alone can afford vacation at the same level , if not better . 
  but they still complain and accused other people for being ` bad capitalists ' and that during comunist life was better . 
  for me they are just jealous , that they can not afford the level what their neighbours or children reached .
