   one thing i found online by interacting with polish people is that they hate everyone it 's sad to hear that . 
  hope it 's your personal opinion and that is an exception . 
  romania is our former neighbor , which we do n't really know . 
  reading the statements of the romanians - they also do not know poland . 
  i hope that will change in the future . 
  the agreement is a good step in this direction . 
  they should pay royalties for her . 
   aside of my own ? 
  fe here thank you - it seems that the comments are rather toned - without stereotypes and jokes . 
   you ever heard the saying about not washing your dirty clothes on public ? 
  of course . 
  but pay attention , that all the articles are spread by the former government supporters - which are most of mainstream journalists . 
  there is a big operation in foreign and local media that are blowing all the cases to the exaggerated proportion . 
  from what i know - the slovak side was informed about our government movements few days before . 
  have you got any sources - honestly - just curious . 
  why do you assume that it was because of change in government ? 
  some diet can be dangerous and even deadly . 
  former head of center col. dusza was dismissed . 
  after his resignation , he refused to leave the premises and held them illegally . 
  the military is not democratic - is a hierarchy architecture and the soldiers must imho obey orders . 
   brace yourselves for the catholic state . 
  just another stereotype . 
  do your opposition supporters are also running to foreign media to blacken belgium ? 
  it 's sick to see such a people in poland . 
  from time to time i 'm listening to polish radio or tv . 
  everywhere is hysteria about pis . 
  i do not remember such reactions compared to these when former government ruled . 
  exactly . 
  that is why all the people without access to internet are easy target for them . 
  any names and their ability to take influence in mainstream media ? 
  of course they can . 
  and look how it ended . 
  i hope that poles will not be provoked by a group of propagandists . 
  here is picture of the youngest protesters : http://rk1.salon24.pl/687049,wolna-polska-bez-kaczora caption on this banner : ` free poland without the duck ' . 
  fyi the duck is the kaczy\u0144ski nickname . 
  hope that people that lost last election will not burn poland . 
   he was talking about kod as well . 
  imho you are overestimating . 
   kaczy\u0144ski and duda did the same thing they were writing articles in dw.de ? 
  but he is talking about polish journalists , propagandists of former government , that are describing pis government in bad light in foreign newspapers . 
  and imho he is right . 
   called people protesting agaisnt pis `` worse kind of poles '' any sources ? 
  what the new polish government did ? 
  there is no information about it . 
  agree - women during pregnancy should perform differently . 
  for example not to drink alcohol or not to take some drugs . 
  of course not - everybody should have a right to do whatever she/he wants with own body . 
  why do you assume , that i 'm catholic ? 
  please do not use steretypes . 
   since you want them forced on other people by law it works both ways . 
   could you tell me why you consider it killing ? 
  due to religious views ? 
  interesting question . 
  attitude to life depends on the culture and changed over the course of time . 
  for example , in ancient rome , the father of the family could kill with impunity newborn ( jus exponendi ) and even older , unmarried children . 
  in times of wwii germany had the right to kill people who were [ mentally ill ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/action_t4 ) . 
  and [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:euthanasiepropaganda.jpg ) is a poster that promotes that kind of killing . 
  for me all of the above examples are manifestations of evil , manifestations of murdering people . 
  just like today 's abortion . 
  you can ask what is life or potential human life ? 
  according to me it is a unique , living composition of dna , which had never lived before and never will live . 
  whether resulted from an act of some god , or haizenberg probabilistics . 
  becouse i think that stopping life is called killing . 
   a medical procedure there is/was no medical procedures that can be called killing ? 
  free choice of abortion ? 
  in my opinion it is killing - so i can not support this . 
  if you would have removed personal arguments , you have said nothing . 
  killing vs adoption ? 
  it is rethorical question i hope . 
  there are different opinion about it . 
  we differ at that point . 
  let me stay with my own . 
  you do not have to kill your child . 
  you and your partner can give him/her for adoption after birth . 
  germany : to leave without saying goodbye , or put another way , `` make a polish exit '' ( `` einen polnischen abgang machen `` ) in this case we have ` english exit ' . 
  hope this all hate will not end with another political murder committed by po supporter . 
  thank you for rational voice from abroad . 
  some previous ruling party supporters are going slightly mad after fail in last month elections . 
  not in this way - he is economic liberal - lower taxes etc. 
  he claims that taxes were lower during occupation than it is now . 
  but it is not the same as claiming that hitler was ` not as bad ' . 
   i assumed you had posted something from the korwin agenda that you thought was a concrete solution . 
    finding one platitude in an entire programme is not the same thing as saying they are populist . 
  did you read the link that i send in previous post ? 
  here is the next one : http://www.polskieradio.pl/42/3889/artykul/1453963,partia-ryszarda-petru-prezentuje-liberalny-populizm made by financial specialists . 
   everyone would agree with that because it 's a worthless platitude that no party would disagree with , it 's precisely the opposite of a concrete solution . 
  everything past the first sentence is literally `` stop bad things , support good things '' . 
  exactly . 
  and this is from . nowoczesna programme . 
  i am not the author of the party list , which i took together . 
  i do not want to answer to supporters of each party . 
  imho the only party that proposed concrete solutions was korwin . 
  the rest less - or more made use of platitudes and difficult to fulfill promises . 
  everybody would agree with that . 
  why only look at the last election ? 
  i said it generally in the previous post on which you responded . 
   po just search for ` obietnice tuska ' - here is one of the first links : http://www.bankier.pl/wiadomosc/10-nie-spelnionych-obietnic-premiera-tuska-3035169.html . 
  afair - 3 x 15 concerning lowering taxes or tax for national tv are examples of their populist and never made promisses . 
  and i agree with korwin - he is not promissing populist stuff - but the rest ? 
  which party is n't using such a stuff during the elections ?
