  the rest is biased opinons and cocnlusions of authors . 
  edit : fixed links . 
  probably the same reason that there is no ( or only a few ) german restaurants in the world  but seriously - our cuisines are not so different - so it 's not a good idea to open it in germany . 
  you can find many our restaurants in uk or usa - where quite a lof of poles live but the cuisines differs . 
  but maybe you are right - and it 's a good idea for a business - once again - what 's the town ? 
  there was a few examples of poles being enslaved in uk by other poles . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.manchestereveningnews.co.uk/news/greater-manchester-news/siwak-polish-human-trafficking-jailed-10886633 ) is an example . 
  but they were not poles but just roma people with polish citizenship . 
  is it the same case for italians ? 
   v4 should have dissolved long time ago . 
  it has fulfilled its purpose ( joining eu ) . 
  i doubt , there will be further integration beyond the framework of the eu amongst v4 countries . 
  there is simply no appetite for such a thing in cz + sk . 
  nowadays , it is seen mostly as a vessel for pl and hu nationalism . 
  i agree that v4 is used in opportunistic ways by some countries . 
  before last election in poland that was common declaration that v4 countries will not take ` refugees ' . 
  the government of po broke this agreement and declared that her government would take some . 
  at that time - not so long ago - we spoke with one voice . 
  imho despite that our countries are close on the map , we do n't know each other very well . 
  glad we cooperate in this field . 
  hope we will strengthen cooperation on other topics too . 
   they 've been getting the most for a long time not in the per-capita criterion . 
   as long as the emperor is n't putin , trump or a swede , i do n't really care who rules us . 
  the only one and the right answer : kaczy\u0144ski . 
   there were hundreds like him and thousands before him . 
  do you mean - beaten to death by polish army in front of their families ? 
  have you got any sources ? 
   there was a portuguese erasmus student that was attacked in rzeszow by a 38 year old polish military . 
  the spokesperson for the military said that it was because portuguese are more `` darker skinned '' , the guy mistook him by a muslim . 
  portuguese student accused polish military for use obscene words , pushing him and touching his hair . 
  the case was widely reported by polish newspapers and tv stations . 
  the president of rzesz\u00f3w apologised the students . 
  during the investigation , it was stated that such an incident did not take place ( there were cameras and the students did not know about it ) . 
  the students lied . 
  they are now suspected of giving false testimony . 
  i do n't know how it ended . 
  here you have some sources in polish - please use google translate . 
  i liked the [ correspondence ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reply_of_the_zaporozhian_cossacks ) between cossacks and sultan mehmed iv :  sultan mehmed iv to the zaporozhian cossacks :  as the sultan ; son of muhammad ; brother of the sun and moon ; grandson and viceroy of god ; ruler of the kingdoms of macedonia , babylon , jerusalem , upper and lower egypt ; emperor of emperors ; sovereign of sovereigns ; extraordinary knight , never defeated ; steadfast guardian of the tomb of jesus christ ; trustee chosen by god himself ; the hope and comfort of muslims ; confounder and great defender of christians - i command you , the zaporogian cossacks , to submit to me voluntarily and without any resistance , and to desist from troubling me with your attacks . 
   -- turkish sultan mehmed iv and the response from cossacks :  zaporozhian cossacks to the turkish sultan !, 
   o sultan , turkish devil and damned devil 's kith and kin , secretary to lucifer himself . 
  what the devil kind of knight are thou , that canst not slay a hedgehog with your naked arse ? 
  the devil shits , and your army eats . 
  thou shallt not , thou son of a whore , make subjects of christian sons ; we have no fear of your army , by land and by sea we will battle with thee , fuck thy mother . 
   thou babylonian scullion , macedonian wheelwright , brewer of jerusalem , goat-fucker of alexandria , swineherd of greater and lesser egypt , pig of armenia , podolian thief , catamite of tartary , hangman of kamyanets , and fool of all the world and underworld , an idiot before god , grandson of the serpent , and the crick in our dick . 
  pig 's snout , mare 's arse , slaughterhouse cur , unchristened brow , screw thine own mother !, 
   so the zaporozhians declare , you lowlife . 
  you wo n't even be herding pigs for the christians . 
  now we 'll conclude , for we do n't know the date and do n't own a calendar ; the moon 's in the sky , the year with the lord , the day 's the same over here as it is over there ; for this kiss our arse !, 
   koshovyi otaman ivan sirko , with the whole zaporozhian host . 
   i hate myself for referring to the_donald , but their title is a good one . 
  you were seriously - than please tell me - what should i do ? 
  i used the original title . 
  what was wrong ? 
  not sure if you are one of the mod here or you are just being sarcastic - but you can be right - shifting the original title from capital letters to ordinary ones can be a good reason to remove this footage . 
  please see at the original footage from youtube and it 's title . 
  i think we have in poland such a people too - their relatives were collaborators , not only editors in newspapers , but real murders that were responsilbe for killing innocent people . 
  and now their grandchildren are not trying to apology but trying to whitewash them . 
  it 's sick imho . 
   the problem is she lied a lot . 
  lied or did not talk about it ? 
  interesting question - if a grandsons should take responsibility for actions taken by their grandparents ? 
  i think we all agree with that they should not . 
  on the condition that they do not identify with the views of grandparents . 
  do you agree ? 
  ` turn fury ' - what an emotional clickbait title . 
  when previous party that lost last election ( po ) were denunciating current polish government to eu institutions with all the more and less important things their attitude was not described as ` fury ' but as ` concern ' . 
  that interesting - do n't you think so ? 
   none . 
  that 's pity . 
  but i will live with that . 
  ok - now you can go to the rest users of this thread to dispute if it was a sausage or a tomato . 
  of course not - are you ? 
  i assume you do n't like the conditions of the bet - so - what is your proposition ? 
   what media should / u/hipokryzja watch then ? 
  please tell us . 
  not sure . 
  does he should watch something ? 
  maybe just reading something . 
  or just walking . 
  walking can make a miracle . 
  i 'm not watching tv - but we can bet . 
  - imho there will be at least two titles in media that i mentioned about sausage/tomato issue . 
  if it will be true - you will write ` greatings from poland to our beloved president ' on / r/the _ donald if it would be not true i will write - ` priviet lubimyie tovarischi from poland ' in / r/communism . 
   it 's typical . 
  i do n't like big quantifiers . 
   okay !, 
  i just make a prediction for few next days - are you afraid that it will be true ? 
   i feel like histeria is proportional to presidential contempt to polish constitution . 
  that case with sausage ( or tomato ) is really one of the nicest things we can say about andrzej duda . 
  yet another vibrating and important subject that will be analyzed by intellectuals from tvn24 , gazeta.pl etc. 
  and their guessed specialists for many days . 
  have fun . 
  tomato or sausage ? 
  - how do you think ? 
  ( i ` ts rethorical question - do n't answer please - just watch tommorow titles ) . 
   my blood boils just stop watching controversial media such as tvn24 , gazeta.pl and natemat.pl - you will feel better . 
  you will not have to analyze if it was a sausage or tomato or potato , that our president ate . 
  imho it 's not important - but this subject will be analyzed for next few days by intellectuals from these media and their guests . 
  you can really let it go . 
   the president 's chancellery official calls a regional newspaper demanding to change a caption under this photo .
