  by `` beautiful propaganda congratulatory scroll for tovarisch or comrade schultz '' i mean that one can describe anyone in a good or a bad light . 
  in this case the goal was to describe in a good way . 
  you can use in discrete way or a way that is ordinary - for me the author was not a sensitiive one - just a propagandist . 
  you can do it in following ways ( please compare to the rethoric of this article ) 1 . 
  use words and sentences , that describe the subject in a good way : - from this ` article ' ( compare if you would expect the same rethoric for afd members - or any one that you would like to not describe in a good light ) : - - martin schulz puts fire in the heart , - spd challenger for angela merkel 's crown has resurrected the party 's fortunes , - he enters the hall to the strains of `` when the saints go marching in '' and the cheering and rhythmic clapping of a sellout crowd . 
  - fans wave red flags and red placards bearing the words `` it 's time for schulz '' . 
  - the object of their veneration -- a 61-year-old bald man with glasses -- is no pop star or olympic hero , etc. 
  sorry - it 's more like a strummer propaganda . 
  talking about emotions of witnesses : - `` i 've got goose pimples , '' says hendrik berndsen , a 50-something landscape gardener and city councillor from dortmund . 
  i dont like to read it to the end . 
  hope modern germans are more resistent to this propaganda level . 
  what a beautiful propaganda congratulatory scroll for tovarisch or commerade schulz from the financial times . 
  this reminds me the communist times in conquered nations and propagandist newspapers like ` pravda ' or ` trybuna ludu ' or ` rude pravo ' , and worship flowing from this kind of media . 
  and on the other hand rising dissonance and resistance from overall society . 
   stop crying woe is me , you are an eu citizen , which gives you do many opportunities , take advantage of them instead of complaining . 
  please put attention that we are talking here about people . 
  not only from eu . 
  we are trying to draw overall conclusions . 
  try to fit to this level of discussion . 
  despite - ukraine is not in shangen area - if you know what i 'm talking about - even not in eu area - if you are a specialist . 
  now - again - please draw a few conclusions that i 'm a troll if you have any envidences and you are not a just yet another shit-mouth one . 
  this is the criterion of cultural and geographical similarities . 
   good try with a troll , not worth the effort though imo . 
  any objective reader could see through his comments . 
  ty for you affords . 
  any more deep analisys ? 
   they 're syrian though but you wo n't mind i 'm trying to not divide people in need in the criterion of shade of pale or place of origin . 
  do you ? 
  sweet  we know . 
  they are too proud to be aggressive and demanding . 
  but you can anyway help them . 
  you can find their address if you have a few minutes . 
   has nothing to do with the people , has nothing to do with helping them . 
  come'on man - it 's all about it . 
  about helping people that are in need . 
  real in need . 
   just to connect it with a problem whose cause you grossly misrepresent ? 
  do you have to comb the hair over your horns to hide them ? 
  not sure what is your point ? 
  from my pov - i like to watch ukrainians footages from yootube . 
  i found that one and decided to put it here . 
  something wrong with it ? 
   at least i hope it 's just naive and dumb . 
  otherwise it would actually start to get infuriating and a wee bit disgusting no problem man . 
  just spot that we have in europe poor people too . 
  and they are too proud to raise their hands to get help . 
   i may wake up my nephew to answer them according to [ neuro-linguistic programming ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neuro-linguistic_programming ) you can use the authority to defend your position . 
  so - yes - please weake up your nephew - maybe he would be able to say something interesting . 
  do germans really have to invite people from emea countries to fit a lack of work forces for them ? 
   old , no wife , only cat , probably virgin , no bank account , used brother 's death to get favor in an election . 
  besides personal attacks you said nothing ... 
  and who said that germans have no sense of humour ? 
  it would be interesting to see research of ` population increase ' done in the criterion of nationality and not a citizenship . 
  have you got any ? 
   if you only read the headlines of articles you 'll probably see many lies . 
  agree . 
  there is many news-sources during internet times . 
  thus we had to choose which one is reliable and which is not . 
  even censors from this sub had a set of newssources that is ` trust-worthy ' and a set that is not . 
  and they are making they decision about censoring in the criterion of source . 
  what is sad - the one from the ` trustworthy ' one just lies . 
  it is just sad that a newspaper such as the guardian , which is considered a reliable source , so vulgarly lies . 
   my point is that the distance between polish and lithuanian should be bigger than the one with russian . 
  you draw conclusions from your personal experience . 
  you know russian more because you were occupied for the past few decades . 
  and this is your experience . 
  it 's the level of personal knowledge and not the level of corelations between languages . 
  in the same way you can say that english is closer to the lithuanian because you understand words , such as a computer , etc. 
   are you talking about pis election . 
  was n't that because of them trying to change the polish constitution ? 
  no - it was previous government when everybody in eu was silent about it . 
  on the other hand i appreciate schopenhauer 's ` dialectica eristica ' - do you like it too ? 
   because that 's been that way with france for a long time . 
  it was n't cars in the old days , it would be wagons . 
  now it 's cars . 
  so -- situation in france is rather stable ? 
   it 's basically considered normal by now in the parisian banlieus . 
  mostly immigrant youth . 
  ` considered normal by now ' what is interesting - why sweden with the only one simple incident raised to be a example of such a riot ? 
  why uk - only after the while when brexit were reported - they were described to be a racist and ( or ) xenophobic ? 
  why poland after last elections when we dare to elect of our own gov - only few days after the whole festival of hate started ? 
   because the right desperately needs to peddle a narrative that sweden is basically syria . 
  no - the same algorithm was used previously : when uk dare to exit eu or poland dare to elect government that is not firends with 68 generation ruling todays eu . 
  in these cases politics and journalists always were dare to punish sinners . 
  but why suddenly they put sweden at the same side ? 
  and not france ? 
  or other countreies ? 
  i do n't know - any idea ? 
  you are and were always friendly to social-communist elites ruling our eu . 
  rioting , burning cars , killing foreigners it 's just a new tradition for some of the eu countries . 
  the first thought : why are we talking about sweden when such a behaviour like burning cars occurs constantly for for example france ? 
  why sweden is highlighted and france is not ? 
  what is the difference ? 
  please explain like i 'm five or a pole . 
   what happened with the protests in poland a few weeks ago ? 
  these protests were not supported by majority of poles - but old persons mainly , few controversial journalists and politics that lost their jobs and influences . 
  few weeks ago there were a scandal that the leader of these protests were taking money from the movement treasure . 
  now this movement is not existent anymore imho . 
  thanks for answer . 
  for anybody - the ` mc gang ' is described [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_nordic_biker_war ) .
