  and after that they started the ` refugees ' issue by invited them and spreading free money that are huge in other part of eu and works like a magnet attracting people from poorest countries . 
  and after realise that it was a bad idea , they were asking other countries to take refugees . 
  now they are asking . 
  but after common army under german rule -- imho it would be a different way of talking . 
   if i came to sweden they did not come to lithuania . 
  lithuania did come to them 20 years ago . 
  travestating [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4h8s0h/polish_minority_in_lithuania_celebrating_polish/d2oo3bo ) - finnaly a lithuanian that understands . 
   whomever was polish enough , left after ww2 . 
  then lots of people from belarus and ukraine immigrated and settled in vacant farms . 
  just currious . 
  have you any raliable sources fot that ? 
   whomever was polish enough , left after ww2 . 
  would you like to say , that after ww2 or after independecy in 1991 someone that did not left their few-hundred-years homeland was not polish enough ? 
   if there was no tomashevski , we would n't have this whole issue . 
  imho it is just another scapegoat and oversimplification of the issue . 
   but both of them would be much better integrated . 
  to whom ? 
  please pay attention , that people of different nationalities are and was living there . 
  people that have their own history , customs , language , graves of their ancestors in that soil etc. 
  they are not expats . 
  to whom they should integrate ? 
  they are/were living there for centuries . 
  now it is lithuanian governance for over 20 years for that soil . 
  they were not integrated to russian and german empires and suddenly they should integrate to current 20-years old government ? 
  if you would like to integrate poles to lithuanian society , please read about bismark , austrian or russian empires and their attitudes to germanisation , russification or in your case lithuanization of them . 
  so - it is a language criterion according to you . 
  please pay attention , that for many nations it is not valid . 
  jews for example had many languages during their history : saint hebrew , yiddish , ladino , aramenian , yevani , greek , knaanic etc. 
  lithuanians used to speak polish too . 
  imho the language they use is important , but not decisive criterion , and maybe you should not use it to judge these group of people . 
  why not let them be the nationality they want and feel ? 
  if they feel poles , have their polish graves on todays lithaunia soil , why not let them ? 
  / u/mantasm _ lt wrote :  in my circles , the consensus is that proper-poles are ok . 
  but fuck local peasants who pretend to be poles . 
  what is the criterion answering the question : who is proper-pole and who is ` fuck local peasants who pretend to be poles ' ? 
   for the brief time that we held it what was the period ? 
  vilnius was taken from poland by ussr in september 1939 after annexation of biggest part of poland to ussr . 
  month later , 26 of october 1939 , vilnius was given by stalin to lithuania . 
  and after 7 months ussr took it back from lithuania in 15 of june 1940 . 
  after that , month later communists started the resettlement poles to siberia . 
  then in 1941 germans occupation started , and the [ ponary masacre ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ponary_massacre ) did happen . 
  so you are probably referring to the 26 of october 1939 - 15 of june 1940 period ? 
   and anyway , for that brief time that we did have vilnius we treated the local poles pretty well considering how their government treated us since the 1920s . 
  poles [ mass-murdered ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ponary_massacre ) lithuanians too ? 
  your first link is an description of ` smart metropolis . 
  open cities . 
  migration and development . 
  success opportunities and challenges ' conference prelegent thesis . 
  it took place nearly 3 months after pis government started . 
  the second is from al jazeera . 
  i could be wrong , but imho it is too short time to draw a such strong conclusion even for professors . 
  even like prof. pankowski . 
  even if he is from ngo such as ` never again ' . 
  and the third article is talking about 2015 year statistics . 
  and increase of such issues in these year . 
  do you remember when pis government started ? 
  do you really think that current government is fascist , racist and etc ist things ? 
  considering you are polish , please check the ' [ beaten immigrant ] ( https://www.google.pl/search?q=pobili+imigranta ) ' phrase in polish google . 
  pay attention , that first searches is not about poland . 
  i 'm sure that it is valid also for other countries . 
  if you would like to limit your searches only for poland , you can find many cases , also for previous government . 
  if you would like to limit these searches more - only for current government , you can find some examples too . 
  can you draw a reliable conclusions from that ? 
  have you got any statistics for your thesis ? 
  or more reliable sources that titles in newspapers ? 
  i 'm just trying to not to use a buzzwords . 
   government is n't racist or fascist , they just happily tolerate ultranationalists yet another words from list of words ending with ` ist ' . 
  it is just sad . 
  imho it is a bad idea to draw conclusions and generalize on the basis of individual cases . 
  it was some similar issues for previous government in poland too . 
  it is many cases of poles being victims in foreign countries . 
  are governments of such a countries also triggered fascists and racists movements as you would want to describe it ? 
  thanks for a merit arguments . 
  you are a star here and you do not have to care about it . 
  do you really see a rising problems from last few months ? 
   why would any sane person decide to go to and after that :  i 'm currently in legnica it 's city in poland . 
  so why did you decide to go here ? 
   and i have seen only one non white person in 1 month , even kebab shops are run by white poles . 
  saw some brown tourists in wroclaw though . 
  is it good or bad in your oppinion ? 
  for sure there is a raise of facist , racist , socialist , nationalist , feminist , abortionist , absolutist , accordionist , activist , alarmist , agronimist , alienist , antiabortionist , anticlericalist , bicylicst , centrist etc movements in current poland during the few months of pis rue . 
  [ full list ] ( https://www.morewords.com/ends-with/ist ) of words ending with ` ist ' . 
   and abortion at a late time of pregnancy can be danger for the women , so it 's normal that there are a time limit . 
  is it the criterion for you for allowing to make an abortion before 12 week ? 
  the potential threat to the mother 's health ? 
  after that period you can not kill the child because it could be dangerous for a woman and before then you can kill the child , because it will not harm the mother ? 
  so it is ok to make an abortion before 10-12 week of pregnancy , and after it it is bad . 
  why ? 
  imho it is a question , when in pregnancy period , someone is worth to rescue or worth to be killed . 
  when in your oppinion the magic point in time starts ? 
  or is it a metter of period of pregnancy , will of other family members , or what ? 
  because he was not born yet . 
  he was at the pregnant stage . 
  was he a human ? 
  he would be died in both by abortion or turning off the life support of his mother . 
  the most important question is if his life was worth of rescuing . 
  my mistake . 
  i left it . 
  but i sincerely believe that the criterion of saving someone 's vulnerable life is not the will of the family . 
  it is not said in the article that ` family wanted the child to live ' .
