  according to [ wiki ] ( https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/wilno#demografia ) in 1916 demography in vilnus looked like this : 53,67 % poles , 41,45 % jews , 2,09 % lithuanians , 1,59 % russians , 0,44 % belorussians , 0,63 % germans . 
  trolling is an art . 
   stop election pis and kaczy\u0144ski they are n't helping after election in this year in some of the eu countries , our pis government will be considered as trustworthy , moderate leftist one . 
  thank you for reliable source . 
  i think , that this data is expressed in absolute numbers . 
  imho it would be more reliable if it would be taken proportionally to the number of forigners in your country . 
  i found this [ data ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/north_rhine-westphalia#demographics ) for your land : significant foreign-born populations [ 8 ] nationality population ( 2014 ) turkey 512,703 poland 185,091 italy 132,124 netherlands 70,022 romania 67,419 serbia & montenegro 62,982 kosovo 50,009 russia 48,021 spain 41,380 croatia 41.043 bulgaria 39,590 portugal 37,445 bosnia 36,986 morocco 34,943 i 'm not sure if both definitions considering nationanalities are the same ( for police and for wiki ) . 
  but it would be interesting to show them in capita criterion and not absolute ones . 
  here it 's the data . 
  please pay attention that we have no data from wiki to significant factors from your police report . 
  i found the number of germans by subtracting total number from wiki from total population of your land - so it 's biased . 
  i think you know polish . 
  we took many refugees in our modern , after wwii history . 
  greeks , koreans and lastly chechens and syrians . 
  one of our biggest city - wroclaw - has about 10 % of ukrainian population . 
  and everything is ok with it . 
  but we do n't want to take ` refugees ' that are taken with breaking of law ( merkel 's open border 's idea ) . 
  we do n't want to take ` refugees ' that are proportionally located in different countries - without even checking their papers . 
  you can take them all to the usa . 
  you will have opportunity to show your true , humanistic face . 
  if you are trying to find countries that did not accept refugees - then please get focus on - for example - israel . 
  would you like to get rid of jews from usa too ? 
  would you dare to be such a brave ? 
  or it 's easier to write such an accusation only for poles ? 
  please stop your whining about our democratic elections in poland . 
  you are american now - get focus on your new country . 
  i mean , that after translating this article it 's content disapeard . 
  i can find it in the wide stripe on the right side of the translated webpage . 
  as far as i understand it 's an article , that lays on official data but is interpretation of authors . 
  it would be great if you could provide exact numbers in criterion of nationality . 
   do poles not remember a time when they left or fled from their country , being mostly uneducated and unskilled ? 
  i guess not . 
  of course we remember , that many citizens of poland escaped to usa . 
  they were poor , often illiterate and had to sign papers using small circles . 
   if only i had a time machine so as to send back all the poles refugees and migrants/immigrants over the last ... lets say hundred years and what is your american heritage , that gives you ability to get rid of other nations ? 
   the other group has only one common feature : it is eastern european . 
  these perpetrators commit a third of all nationally reported burglaries . 
  have you got any reliable sources ? 
  with for example distinction on nationality ? 
  i do not want persuade you that you should feel something in relation to the hungarians . 
  it 's just your business . 
  i was just trying to answer the question why the romanians consider you as hungarians . 
   again , why should anyone besides linguists care ? 
  because of common history probably - which would be interesting to find . 
  because you can share the same customs or beliefs , food , etc. 
  - which would be interesting to find imho too , and most generally imho - find someone that shares something with you . 
   i thought hungary and poland were each others vvvvvbffs ? 
  do you try the ` divide et impera ' stuff ? 
  / s let 's say - `` very good friends '' . 
  hungarians will be always the first imho  . 
   in europe there is only you and hungary that use this group of language . 
  edit : + estonia . 
  which does n't change the fact , that you are exceptional in mostly indo-european continent . 
  and that you have something in common . 
   so are german and iranian . 
  accurate observation . 
  but you are more unique . 
  in europe there is only you and hungary that use this group of language . 
  during communists time in our part of europe , romania was closed . 
  my parents for example talked about trains that had closed doors while traveling via romania to bulgaria . 
  their government had their own unique way of ruling . 
  we did not exchange in many levels . 
  after collapsing of communism , we had a lot of gipsies from romania in poland . 
  journalists were describing them as romanians - thanks to pc . 
  so in poland was and unfortunatelly is ( i hope weaker and weaker from year to year ) prejudice that they are gipsies . 
  i have met only few people from romania - but they were all great people . 
  i once cooperated with romanian 's company and they were all professional imho . 
  i hope that this attitude will change in near future . 
  tl ; tr - we do n't know each other to much . 
  thank you romanians . 
  hope this attitude will be shared by us as well . 
  by the way - do you know , that [ we can see you from poland ] ( http://www.dalekieobserwacje.eu/rumunia-widziana-z-tarnicy-most-wanted ) ? 
   what 's your fucking problem ? 
  calm down please . 
  and behave . 
   see what will happen . 
  local ` intelligentsia ' will re-jumping each other in the race to express that this was a fault of the muslim boy that was killed . 
  and how smart and relativistic they are ? 
   pole doing the same ? 
  because we do n't kill each other for throwing a petard . 
  do you do it in italy ? 
  http://www.superstacja.tv/wiadomosc/2016-12-30/pozegnanie-bohatera-pogrzeb-polskiego-kierowcy-lukasza-urbana/ be careful - there are catholic priests in this video and politics from pis . 
  people like you can be killed by this footage . 
  would you like to talk about your prejudices and fears ? 
   when muslims killed someone you must be joking . 
   tater muslims you mean [ lipka tatars ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lipka_tatars ) . 
  and yes . 
  they are civilized . 
  and respected in poland . 
  we have relatively small islamic minorities in poland . 
  but they also killing our citizens . 
  that is sad . 
   if you threw a firework into a polish chav house the same would happen , it does n't matter if they 're arabs . 
  seriously ? 
  have you got any single example that throwing firework into polish house ended by killing ? 
  ** any single example ? 
  ** or you are just trying to be smart and trying to relative everything ? 
   it is not that kids get fooled by someone but when you are spending hours and hours in a room with smart , eloquent , mature and even little bit handsome man that is protective and in a position of power then sometimes this guy only has to reach for what girls are willing to give him . 
  sorry but it seems to be a fetish scenario that is played in your head . 
  maybe i was grown up and all of my friends at that time .
