  money that are pennis for them but that are bigger then average salary in the poorer ( our ) part of eu not mentioning the ` refugees ' families , villages or families . 
  for them it is real big free money . 
  imho , that is the real problem . 
  it is the magnet that attract people form all of the world . 
  you - westernes - are responsible for it . 
  please stop that madnes . 
  what should be done ? 
  decrease the amount of pocket-money . 
  stop giving away free houses . 
  stop giving away possibility to reunite family . 
  stop giving away possibility to take a citizenship . 
  that is all . 
  ( you should not behave like danish government to take away gold - it is an extremism ) . 
   best thing we can do is hope that other countries will take care of it the same for us . 
  thanks for orban . 
  would you like to join ? 
  we do not have excesses like cologne , or other that are not spread publicically like this map : https://www.google.com/maps/d/viewer?hl=en_us&amp;mid=1_rnt3k2zxb-f9z-2nsfmibqkxcs, 
  there are two people that could be exchanged now - putin and medviediev . 
  after death of one of them there will be the need to find another one . 
  russians will not let another jeltzyn to rule . 
  it will be another choosen one from special forces , and this change will go smoothly in this time . 
  without blowing-up some blocks . 
  now they have a multimedia at thieir side . 
   russians suffered too , agree . 
  communist 's terror murdered in russia milions of you . 
  numbers do not comparable to modern holocaust , kurds genocide etc. 
  why do you - russian - still worship to them ? 
  this regime killed so many important russians . 
  many of your best people . 
  why are you beeing so proud of conquering other countries , conquered by tanks and why do you expect to be grateful by them ? 
  this regime was implemented by you to other countires - countries that you were able to rich by your tanks , and also killed many of our local , national ` inteligentcia ' . 
  you - as russians - you did let implement this strange ideology to you . 
  ideology that killed so many of you . 
  then you spread this ideology to other countries . 
  and after that many people from our , conquered countries were killed . 
  and now you are trying to say , that this spread was not important , becouse you were suffering before ? 
  why not just say - we were conquered by communists . 
  we made a mistake . 
  we were conquered by communists and we were trying to conquere other countries in the name of this f-up ideology . 
  you were victims and at the same time you were perpetrators . 
   kind of exemplifies the polish norm . 
  i hope that your scientific norms and definitions are strict and independent . 
  and at least do not relay on nationality criterion . 
  i do n't know what to say . 
  just sorry . 
  depends on definition of buzz-words such as far-something . 
  for me as a pole , pis is far-left : picking taxes and giving it to the poorest as subsidies . 
  it is first - in this criterion - after independency in 1989 such a far-left government in poland . 
  it is the same in [ poland ] ( http://www.tuwroclaw.com/fotogaleria,zobacz-jak-kibole-slaska-zdemolowali-pociag-do-gdanska,fot13-7-1668-3.html ) from time to time . 
  but it is not comparable what youth can do france , germany or sweden . 
   i figured it were gypsies but this makes sense too . 
  how ? 
  have you spot small , cute accordionist nearby ? 
  or maybe bunch of chiromantists ? 
  we really appreciate it . 
  just like your eastern part of germany , or other countries that ussr reached by their tanks . 
   the pictures are from a reserved train with football supporters going for an away game . 
  do not spoil the fun of people who want to once again laugh at stereotypes . 
   if v4 thinks relocations are bad they should work on pursuing other countries so it will not be passed not kicking around them screaming they will not take them . 
  as far as i know it is a proposal that should be discussed . 
  and we are doing it right now . 
  opinion about a way of taking immigrants vary from country to country . 
  which countries are for unconditional accepting of refugees and concept of ` open border ' ? 
  imho , most of eu countries are against . 
  by the way the nearest elections in germany will be in 2017 . 
  we have to just survive to that time . 
  i hope . 
  the problem is that the ransom is not one-time pay for the total abandonment of adoption imposed refugees . 
  it refers to the respective discretionary and undefined , forced an imaginary number . 
  only for slovakia on the assumption that this is 100 refugees . 
  tomorrow it could be next 200 . 
  where from have you got information about amount of refugees that slovakia is forced to take ? 
  in this article it is 100 , but [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_migrant_crisis ) it is said 200 , 500 etc. 
  please also consider , that it is not one-time exaction . 
  it is temporarly . 
  what is behind : ` ukraine shows greece the way ' ? 
   poland - is n't a big grain producer according to [ this ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:agricultural_production_of_crops,_2013_\\ ( thousand_tonnes \\ ) _ yb15.png ) we are the third producer of cereals in eu . 
  not bad . 
  you have similar flags . 
  thanks for that . 
  i expected something worse in return for our last survey on the ` liking ' of individual countries . 
  it is also interesting that you think the norwegians and spaniards as racist . 
  why there are such stereotypes ? 
  interesting . 
  thanks . 
   why is poland open ? 
  ( that 's a german saying ) what is the meaning ? 
  what are the first few suggestion from google about poland in germany ? 
  why did not you integrate to russia , when you were part of ussr ? 
  it seems , that all the countries that austr ( al ) ians do n't have a clue are labeled as ` why is called ' . 
  it seems that poland are not as famous as slovenia . 
  it 's good imho . 
  they know nothing about our ugly far-right , racist and nazi government . 
  not offensive - but do you have any polls from estonia or poland ( baltics or v4 - more generally ) checking how big a part of population would defend for example ukraine ? 
  i know they are not part of nato etc. 
  but imho their example proves that we should just rely on our own . 
  really ? 
  are you really waiting for strong pan-european german army ? 
  and their bigger influence in europe ? 
  our fm was asking germans to take a responsibility and to rule the eu after 60 years after the last war .
