  if not - why ? 
  how many fins were victims of communist terror ? 
  on [ this ] ( https://youtu.be/bffifhyurzc?t=197 ) footage from 2006 you can see member of illegal communist party in poland together in one demonstration with todays controversial leader and face of razem movement - adrian zandberg . 
  they are giving their speach on the background with carl marx and che guevara flairs . 
  please pay attention , that big chunk of poles were killed by communists . 
  communists that believe in carl marx or che guevara . 
  i believe that in every polish family are victims of communist terror . 
  for me - personally - my grandpa was sent to gulag after wwii . 
  my company hire young man from kazahstan . 
  his family was sent to kazahstan , becouse communists had a vision . 
  we remember terror , killing , mass deportation done by leftists ideologists that have strong feeling that they ` know ' . 
  they know how world should work , they know who is the layer that stops them and how the layer should be removed . 
  that a layer or just another particular bunch of people . 
  fu razem - but not in poland . 
  not with the marksist , communist ideology . 
  try to build your land of happines somewhere else . 
   0 pollution besides pietarsaari in finland or that the sensors are spoiled at this location , 
  from the [ link ] ( https://www.airnow.gov/index.cfm?action=aqibasics.aqi ) of their [ website ] ( http://aqicn.org/here ) :  the aqi is an index for reporting daily air quality . 
  it tells you how clean or polluted your air is , and what associated health effects might be a concern for you . 
  the aqi focuses on health effects you may experience within a few hours or days after breathing polluted air . 
  epa calculates the aqi for five major air pollutants regulated by the clean air act : ground-level ozone , particle pollution ( also known as particulate matter ) , carbon monoxide , sulfur dioxide , and nitrogen dioxide . 
  for each of these pollutants , epa has established national air quality standards to protect public health . ground-level ozone and airborne particles are the two pollutants that pose the greatest threat to human health in this country . 
  imho it corresponds to this link : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/air_quality_index#united_states, 
   russia gets one new `` autonomous federation entity '' in the east the following day . 
  i can understand you very well . 
  i remember that time . 
  you will have to wait to another solstice in the world , unfortunatelly . 
  2017-01-09 - the worst cities now in criterion of air quality index , where 300 + is hazardous for your health : paris ( france ) : 999 cros ( spain ) : 894 galati ( romania ) : 889 opcina ( bosnia ) : 578 zenica ( bosnia ) : 539, 
  imho you will have to wait until generation that remembers communist time will die . 
   if russians would come here to annex us , resistance will be minimal , i think . 
  i wish you and the other countries , that this prediction has not come true . 
  from time to time i look at the pikabu.ru etc websites . 
  it seems that you are the best friends with russians . 
  but yea , after the betraying of ukraina they can really be considered as bully and threat by their last friend nations . 
  is your pov popular in belarus ? 
   we have a big common enemy at the gates . 
  china ? 
   that is not true . 
  lithuanians were rulers and nobility , belorussians mostly peasants , some knights . 
  should i bold the / s ? 
   oh , so now it 's us and not `` the true lithuanians '' belorussians ? 
  / s belarusians were knights and nobility and you were minions / s. 
  but it does not reduce your merit in that case . 
  i like this map more than the previous [ one ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5mjj7b/european_countries_that_have_ever_invaded_poland ) . 
  exactly - they are giving money to people ( redistributing if you wish ) . 
  there are programs introduced by them like 500 + for every single poor family 's child , or obligatory 2-nd and next ( 500 pln per month on a child ) . 
  mieszkanie plus ( appartment plus ) is an program to give cheap appartments for people . 
  for me it 's just a socialism . 
  what is funny all the left parties - even if they existed before last elections - never formed such a propositions . 
  but now - man - you should see that . 
  the first project former government did ( after they loosed ) was 1000 + . 
  it 's crazy . 
  while romania is becoming old good liberal , in the social meaning , captialistic country . 
  which i believe is the best what countries that are poor and would like to increase their own wealth is the best solution . 
  hope you will be able to do it : http://www.romania-insider.com/finance-minister-hardest-task-romanias-new-government/ unfortunatelly our government is extremly socialist ( some people comparing it with our ex-comunist governments ) . 
  i keep my fingers crossed for you . 
  i 'm not a fan of our curreng gov , but i do n't agree with you . 
  the constitutional court issue was started by previous gov , that has friends in current eu institutions and journalists . 
  thus it was not a problem when former gov violated the law . 
  the current one just want to resolve the problem imho . 
   separation of powers , rule of law , freedom of the press any examples ? 
   one could claim that whole lithuania was polish . 
   the aim was to capture whole lithuania . 
   vilnius was not something that special by population . 
  any reliable sources about it ? 
   and besides , almost all the cities in lithuania were majorly jewish sources ? 
  even if that would be true for other lithuanian cities - it would be prove that censuses for vilnus were biased ? 
   none of them were accurate because all of them pushed their own agenda . 
  sources ? 
   polish censuses overblown polish population we were not talking about polish censuses . 
   if we wanted to get the most accurate , the biggest part of population were tutejszy and neither one of the three . 
  imho we should give people right to decide what nationality they are identifying themselves . 
  what are you trying to prove ? 
  that that before 1919 there were more lithuanians in vilnus that a few percent ? 
  that there were less poles ? 
   58 % of inhabitants of lithuania were polish , please reread your sources . 
  they are not claiming that what you wrote . 
   the 1897 russian census says that the area around vilnius was mostly belarusian . 
  you are right , but we are talking about vilnus population here . 
  and in vilus there were 30.1 % of poles and 2.1 % of lithuanians according the russian census from 1897 . 
  so what is your point ? 
   but none of the censuses at the time are accurate , anyway . 
  why do you think so ? 
  and what is the measurement error in this case ? 
   the eu or the european project was always a project of more interintegration and federalization the uk seems to had other pov . 
  the first article - i agree it was just empty gesture . 
  i 'm not sure if this is reliale source . 
  the 2-nd - it 's the question ` to federalize or not to federalize ' imho . 
  if someone do n't want to federalize , but want to preserve eu consisting of nations , it would not make such a person anti-european imho , 3-rd . 
  imho it 's worth to discuss the reason of brexit and try to awoid such a movements in the future . 
  mr tusk sent greetings on tweeter : `` a fatherland free from evil and stupidity , '' on the occasion of the new year . 
  polish mfa asked for comment about this greetings : `` i wish , that from the evil and stupidity he would stay away from poland . 
  he is the icon of these issues , which mentions in his wishes '' . 
  and that is all . 
  2 old persons that dont like each other . 
  could you provide any examples ? 
   turn to eurosceptic populists ? 
  do you think , that our government is eurosceptic ? 
   actually there were more belarusians there than either poles or lithuanians , but you do n't see belarus bitch about it . 
  sources ?
