  i hope he will use it wisely . 
  seems to be easy and sccesful strategy . 
  really appreciated you . 
  you seems to be more ` pragmatic ' the czechs . 
  if orban or pis would support a proposeition of a referendum about living eu - it would be considered as ` righ ' , nationalistic , who knows - even ` far-right ' or nazi move . 
  and i used plural form because i mean klaus too . 
  and one more thing - with such a declarations from your presidents , you are lucky that you have a such a great press . 
  just curious - do you agree with the forced quota system or not ? 
   but czech far-right party have like 4 % . 
  but are n't your presidents considered far-right too ? 
  i have never heard voices like theirs , from ` far-right ' parties in poland . 
   polish deputy foreign minister konrad szymanski told bloomberg in a message , when asked about macron 's comments . 
  `` the alternative is mutual insults via newspapers , which is harmful for ties . '' he probably referring to the marcon 's words about ' [ double betrayal ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6j2mio/french_president_eastern_europe_betrayed_the_eu/ ) ' of ee countries , that was not mentioned in this article . 
  edit : link . 
   i said there are problems . 
  and yes orban and pis are n't exactly a model of eu 's values . 
  you said :  saying the whole ee betrayed the eu , err , is a bit of a stretch . 
  so i 'm asking you if saying that poland and hungary betrayed eu is right ? 
   ok there are problems with orban and pis , but saying the whole ee betrayed the eu so saying that poland and hungary betrayed eu is right ? 
  how ? 
   orb\u00e1n and kaczynski do n't speak for the whole visegrad group of course . 
  why do you have such an impression ? 
   our top diplomat said that if it comes down to v4 vs. eu , we 'll pick the eu . 
  we too . 
  v4 were always weak . 
  now the cooperation is closer becouse we have some common issues like forced quota system or proposition of changing the posted workers directive . 
  seems like divide et impera . 
  for sure v4 countries speak for themselves . 
  from this article marcon proposals are like here :  he wants central and eastern european countries to take in more refugees as part of a european quota system ,  eurozone countries to press ahead with deeper integration ,  macron wants to change the posted workers directive to reduce wage competition between eu countries -- a shift that countries to the east see as penalizing them . 
  would be interesting to know opinnions from countries you listed . 
   it was time to `` redefine '' the european union 's priorities . 
  before ` redefining ' priorities of the eu he could start with mending the situation in calais . 
   the eu finances almost 50 % of your gni , for one . 
  the eu your government opposes at every turn . 
  sources ? 
  yea - downote me - freanch friends . 
   you did n't ask any . 
  once again ? 
   do you know any facts that are mentioned in this article ? 
  - who would like to ` put our courts on trial ' , - ` protest camp has formed outside the supreme court in warsaw 's krasinski square ' - who is formed it and why ? 
  - `` the court must go to court , '' reads one sign ' - it 's not true . 
  that is few first sentences of this ` article ' . 
  if you have any specific questions please write it directly . 
   what about the fact that the polish market is largely built by non-polish europeans ? 
  sources ? 
  it 's quite easy explanations imho . 
  what about westerner factories in ee ? 
  should they pay the same wages for workers as in we ? 
  i 'm from eu - not the usa . 
  you ? 
  no - they are working in eu . 
  they are competing with the same work and different wages . 
  big thank you for [ memorable of our herous ] ( https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=zkycdz34ij8 ) . 
  hope france would resolve her problems with ` refugees ' killing people in their autobans . 
  now i red this article and changed my mind . 
  now i see that france works properly . 
  even if the ` refugees ' are doing what they want , france forces let them do it . 
  and all of that because of the ` incident in calais ' ? 
  please do n't be ah and try to functioning as a country . 
  you have a new poster president - use your chance to become responsible for your country . 
  are you true austrian or are you from serbia ? 
  i 'm asking because i remember one with austrian flag . 
  you are welcome . 
  it 's about our driver that was killed in france yesterday . 
  absolutly agree . 
  it would make people more politly . 
  please explain it . 
  in ctiterion of shittines . 
  this man just obeing the law he beliews in . 
  its just another civilisation . 
  should we judge it ? 
  france should get focus on make their country work properly instead of having fun with the lights . 
  good news imho . 
  what do you think ? 
  the next piece of cake - this time occupied by drug addicts - was taken over by pis . 
  interesting polls will be in next months . 
   consists of life being and remaining shitty there . 
  nice . 
  it seems that netherlands , italy , germany , france and other ` old ' european nations that took our market and our factories for free , now are angree angry because of free market and fair competitions . 
   however the polish are evading these laws . 
  and we do not accept that . 
  in netherland factories ? 
  but seriously - in what field we can compete with you when you bought or shut down our factories ? 
  i 'm not sure if you can see my older posts . 
  probably not . 
  so here it is :   factually  do you know any facts that are mentioned in this article ? 
   - who would like to ` put our courts on trial ' ,  - ` protest camp has formed outside the supreme court in warsaw 's krasinski square ' - who is formed it and why ? 
   - `` the court must go to court , '' reads one sign ' - it 's not true . 
   that is few first sentences of this ` article ' . 
   if you have any specific questions please write it directly . 
  please answer this questions . 
  yes - i believe that . 
  and the sources i provided . 
  keep up there !, 
   please provide evidence that uebermedien.de and standard.at are sources of untrue information in general or on this topic specifically . 
  it was you that gives this websites . 
  please provide evidence by yourself . 
  and please try to answer my questions . 
  article is behind of paywall . 
  i can only assume on the title .
