  it seems that it 's easy to forget the case when polish girl published her photo in crematory in majanek . 
  and hysteria caused by gazeta.pl ? 
  first they [ reported the case ] ( http://wiadomosci.gazeta.pl/wiadomosci/1,130438,5683714,pamiatkowe_zdjecie_z_majdanka__nastolatka_w_piecu.html ) , then the matter was taken up by the [ prosecutor 's office ] ( http://wiadomosci.gazeta.pl/wiadomosci/1,130438,5689292,prokuratura_bada_sprawe_zdjecia_w_piecu_krematoryjnym.html ) . 
  hope they did not punish her or her parents . 
  but you can seek a job in germany . 
  please do n't be an ah to hungarian too . 
   of birth control in eastern europe i was asking about ` of birth control in eastern europe ' and not about usa or georgia . 
  few days ago i was in concert of katie melua . 
  it was great . 
  unfotunately she did n't sing this [ song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkycdz34ij8 ) . 
  we respect georgians in poland . 
   abortion is only seriously valued as a method of birth control in eastern europe . 
  seriously ? 
  have you ever seen any data about it ? 
   16 years old and pregnant twice ? 
  what are we , cavemen ? 
  i do n't want to go into this issue when the life beings . 
  but is n't just a hipocrysy , that you are judging 16-years old woman for pregnancy , and not older for few years ones ? 
  what is the criterion ? 
  being older , younger , being maried ? 
  have a husband , or someone to feed her and a child ? 
  what is that ? 
  when someone is behaving like cavemen and when somenone is behaving like a human beeing ? 
   16 years old and pregnant twice ? 
  what are we , cavemen ? 
  welcome to an western european values , and ` pro-choice ' ideology with ability to treat abortion like a another ` birth control ' way . 
  i can not find now this drawing , but i 've seen it a dozen or so years ago . 
  climber on an eight-thousander with a big backpack , his face contorted with effort and hitting his right hand with an ax into the rock . 
  a few meters before the summit . 
  and a wc grandmother is sitting on top with toilet paper in her hand . 
  it was funny   it really is n't , just like every country . 
  it just sounds like another , just more general theory of relativity, 
   e.g. 
  poland is anti immigration in poland but pro immigration abroad . 
  you know nothing about immigration to ee countries , do you ? 
   are you also going to pay back the billions in eu money you received ? 
  of course . 
  make a balance . 
  we will check it , and we can pay our common duties . 
  good point . 
  it was a mistake . 
  give back all of our people . 
  all the poor , but also all of the doctors and engineers . 
  and i really mean that . 
   that 's a far right wing myth , you know ? 
  they are moving here because europe is richer , so do you want to make us poorer so that they do n't come here anymore ? 
  worst plan ever ... 
  is n't it just so called straw man argument ? 
   you really think that `` some made up old habit ''  law ? 
  you really think that current law do n't relay on ` old habits ' ? 
   why is it so hard to be indifferent to people who submit to the law and live out their culture within it 's boundaries ? 
  i really appreciate other cultures . 
  i do n't like unification . 
  i hope that when i will be on the trip to himalayas , i will not spot the mcdonald on the top of 8000 mountains peaks . 
  on the other hand i really appreciate , that today 's poland is monoethnic and we do n't have to resolve such an issues . 
  thank you for your response . 
  imho i understend your pov and i would not like to call it ` ignorance ' like you . 
  but please consider some facts : 1 . 
  western europe took ee after some of the netogtiations . 
  we were obliged to sell of our goods before we can join eu . 
  we are your market from that time . 
  you are the owner of most of our factories and bussineses . 
  after joining some of eu countries , not all , open their jobs market to our countries . 
  uk from beggining , germany - few years later . 
  i agree that opening job market could be wrong for some of the layers of western societies . 
   pe or syria . 
  in fact syrians have a good reason , eastern europeans are all economic immigrants . 
  do n't agree - ` refugees ' has many more oportunities than regular folks from eu . 
   do you really think you can have the cake and eat it too ? 
  do n't get it . 
   either you are an anti immigration far right winger and we should remove free movement , or you are in favor of free movement and recognize that immigration is part of the system . 
  it 's wrong alternative - let me put 3-rd way : we should allow free movement between eu countries and forbid it for all the people from behind it . 
   eastern europe had close to no immigration please check some sources before you put such a strong statement . 
  please do not confuse interest of poland with the interests of eu . 
  i hope that we say in the our eu public interest . 
  imho i speak in the interest of all european union countries and not only poland . 
  in this criterion , it is you - germany - are responsible for the crisis of immigration . 
  you can take the ` refugees ' , be proud of the way they are accepted etc. , but please take into account that they have to get to you by countries such as italy and greece . 
  they are victims of your policy . 
  but there are countries such as hungary that have to spend money to build fences . 
  but there are countries such as poland that help hungary to maintain order at their border . 
  and it 's all because you have constitutions that makes you paying refugees . 
  and that one that , unfortunately , you can not change . 
  most of it - yes - in our case . 
   it 's not like poland would get large numbers of asylum seekers . 
  you are not `` suffering '' in any way . 
  imho you are shifting responsibility . 
  you are the magnet that attract all the poor people . 
  it does n't matter if we take small percent of them . 
  it 's not the solution for this issue . 
  the real problem is your policy of inviting and guesting the ` refugees ' . 
   if anything brings europeans together , it 's being judgemental and hypocritical towards other nations . 
  they 're wrong , since our worldview is clearly superior . 
  i do n't agree but probably you are right . 
  but why invite other cultures into our land and proclaim that we are multicultural and their culture is as equal as our ? 
   what about reading what i just wrote ? 
  you can not change that article . 
  so it 's just a deadlock . 
  and we - all of the eu , border countries have to suffer , because you have to pay money for all of the refugees . 
  because of your constitution .
