   did n't expect that from a british . 
  do you mean : english british , welsh brithsh , scotish brithis , pakistani british , indian british , bangladeshi brithsh , chinese british , polish brithsh , or other ones ? 
   poles have already elected a proto-fascist . 
  it 's escalating like [ cosmologic inflation theory ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/inflation_\\ ( cosmology \\ ) ) . 
  even [ goodvin 's law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/godwin's_law ) is now not working in your model . 
  edit : added ` not ' in ` is now not working in your model ' . 
   even for people living out in the very rural parts of poland , 500 pln can not be all that much ... 
  seriously ? 
  i 'm talking about average family in quite big city in poland and not your it frends ; nie wiem czy dobrze zrozumia\u0142em ale teraz ta\u0144czysz . 
   what the fuck does 500 pln even do for a couple even with just one kid ? 
  you can probably spend that 500 pln in about 2-5 days if you have a young child ... i dont have a kid - so i do n't know . 
  i had many friends that teach in one of the biggest cities in poland - so not so rural and not so poor environment . 
  from their pov they can see that when they were trying to get children to excursion before pis only few pupils had money from they parents . 
  now it 's almoust 100 % . 
  i 'm aware that for you and for all the people that loose contact with rural reality it 's strange that 500 pln is something important . 
  and you can earn that amount of money in one our . 
  but men - please observe . 
   that 500 + is really taking care of poles eh ? 
  not for me - please read my previous statements . 
  but for many people it 's working . 
   how do people in poland view pis now ? 
  did the balance tip or is there still massive support ? 
  for me it 's the first party that take care of poles . 
  we were fuc-ked by communists for 50-years and after that we needed to take western side . 
  after 89 there was opportunity to take place in werstern part of eu . 
  the price for that was a total giveaway our goods . 
  our banks , our estates , our 40million market , our everything . 
  this government is the first one that take care of us . 
  they are talking about what is good and what is bad from our pov . 
  unfortunately their point of view is to be socialist , despite of fact that this fit for societies that are rich - not for us . 
  we should sacrefice our 1-2 generations living in free marked and after enrichment of our society - we can be full socialist as the rest of eu . 
   has almost exactly the same narrative like the communist governments from people 's republic of poland times . 
  let 's not afraid to name the new polish government 's own name : our polish government is socialist . 
  our new polish government is leftist . 
  our government is taking money from some set of people and after digest it , they are spreading it to the other set of people . 
  hope in the future we will have government that will stay away and let people to resolve their own problems by themselfs . 
  never heard about this stereotype in hungary . 
  if you have any sources that prove this claim - please send it . 
  we can be too religious , etc but imho not thefts in hungary . 
  man first of all - i do n't know if you believe in reincarnation . 
  but my nephew first words that expressed was how he called my parents - his grandpas . 
  he called my mam as ` zee ' and my father - ` raybeck ' . 
  looking at your nickname - you have the ` zee ' component imho it 's the ` sea ' but - do you have any idea what ` raybeck ' means ? 
  and this one is serious question . 
  less serious - just an rethoric or more eristic - who will win this discussion , let me point that :  cliche that poles are dangerous criminals have very common in german speaking europe , hungary and southeastern europe since the middleages . 
  it 's the same for our part of europe considering germans . 
  they were always painted as rapers , dengerous criminals without morality , etc. 
  but seriously ? 
  even hungary ? 
  are you hungarian ? 
  even if it 's trueth for your stereotypes , it was changed by germans behaving in last 70 years . 
  it was changed by facts and not by stereotypes . 
  maybe not for all - but for our part of europe it 's just an axiom . 
  you do n't have to prove it . 
  and please do n't use this stereotype , becouse - it 's not true and history teach us that it 's just quite opposite . 
   not 15 years ago the people complained about the people from poland comming to germany for free money . 
  poles do n't hate you at the level that they blow away themselfs in your shops , they will not shoot at you in the streets , they will not rape your minors , or making other terrorists attacs . 
  putting equal sign between islamist fighters and poles is just ignorant at least . 
   next time we just leave them in greece , italy and the balkan states , you do n't have to - just stop promising them that you will take all of them - without checking id , without checking where are they from , without checking if they are from war-zones , without common sense - without everything . 
  your government had one call : just ignore all of the borders - come here to germoney - we will give you pocket money , we will give you shelters . 
  just ignore hungary that would like to implement racists and old facioned checking passports - how racist it is . 
  just ignore all of the borders between italy , grece , spanish etc - let them walk to us - germany . 
  less pathetic than ` chalk marks in brussels ' . 
  i do not know if they lost control of the situation - but imho germany is responsible for this issue by : * resignation of the dublin regulation , * pushing for the opening of borders , * convincing that they are able to accept many more refugees , * handing out free money , * accept all , without any checking , * forcing weaker countries to join their madness . 
  i was trying to make a joke about your nickname . 
  on the other hand imho it 's too early to make clear conclusions what happened . 
  if you realy want to help and send them money , i would propose you to contact his cousin and ask what to do . 
  using official company 's bank account fro their website , whitout any consultation , is not the best idea imho . 
  people from our tax offices could be very heartless . 
  i 'm not sure about 93 , but certainly it would be a fraud . 
  please read again statement of / u/carasee :  our government has n't said anything about him ( yet ) . 
  they are more focused on their own business ( we 've got sweet drama going on in poland ) than praising \u0141ukasz . 
  that is not truth . 
  you wrote that :  our government has n't said anything about him ( yet ) . 
  they are more focused on their own business ( we 've got sweet drama going on in poland ) than praising \u0141ukasz . 
  and it 's not a truth . 
  do you have to put the politics here ? 
  edit : and you are lying . 
  with great sorrow and sadness that we received information that the first victim of this heinous act of violence was our compatriot , polish citizen . 
  thoughts we join in the pain and sorrow in prayer with the family of the murdered polish drivers - said the head of government . 
  we have it in poland too : http://www.tvpparlament.pl/transmisje-online/sejm-rp . 
  the protests are against proposal of regulation of it . 
  i have impression that the current opposition are taking every oportunity to make bad pr for the current one . 
  google translate : * an employee of the transport company has examined the data from the truck * they show that the vehicle was repeatedly today launched * in addition , the person who did it , had problems with strating it truck , which probably was assassinated at a christmas market in berlin has a polish license plates , from pomerania . 
  tvn24 talked with the owner of the vehicle . 
  portal wp money.pl received further information from the employee of the company . 
  data from the gps shows that between the hours of 15 and 19 , several attempts to start the engine truck - says the employee of the company . 
  according to him , the truck started at . 
  19.34 , though she had to leave berlin today . 
  - it looks as if someone was trying to learn to ride the car . 
  he also had problems with its operation - says the employee of the company . 
  learn more : what happened in berlin ? 
  shortly after hours . 
  20 truck entered in people on the christmas market in the square breitscheidplatz in the vicinity of the train station zoo in berlin . 
  berlin police reported that nine deaths and up to 50 wounded . 
  security forces assume that this was a coup - told the news agency dpa police spokesman . 
  they included the alleged perpetrator . 
  the truck was found dead the other person - gives the `` berlin morgenpost '' . 
  truck belonged to a polish company . 
  let 's start from cleaning the mess created by previous government and all the judges-politicians that did not spot breaking the law and did nothing about it .
