   second , we have `` great life '' over here so i can not have an opinion ? 
  of course you can . 
  it is the meter of sources and quality . 
   doomsday guy who sees russia as a evil empire that wants to annex poland regardless of the consequences from your perspective it might be the truth . 
   poland and eastern ukraine are very different . 
  it was not so obvious few years ago . 
  you are right , but it is hard to ignore the amount of the us subsidies for that countries . 
   i , because i 'm at a beach in my peaceful peninsula , do n't know about russia , exactly . 
  so where from you have such a feeling of knowledge . 
  why you instruct the countries directly affected ? 
  from my perspective i can advice in the same way : * greece : why bother with turkey - let 's be friends . 
  * i can also advice syrian : why are you so angry - it is so bad . 
  just stop that stupid fight . 
  * and why the f. the ukrainians are fighting - is it not better to sit down and just talk ? 
  * and crimea - russian took that - happens , why worry about that ? 
  you have a great life over there . 
  thank you for wise advice , but i hope we are trying to use a common sense . 
   why do n't poland invest in the army like an invasion may come ? 
  first links from google for the search ( investment in polish army ) : http://www.globalsecurity.org/military/world/europe/pl-budget.htm https://www.aei.org/publication/polish-hard-power-investing-in-the-military-as-europe-cuts-back/ http://foreignpolicyblogs.com/2013/09/18/beyond-air-and-missile-defense-modernization-of-the-polish-armed-forces/ http://www.defenceiq.com/amoured-vehicles/articles/new-polish-president-commits-to-army-modernisation/ http://www.thenews.pl/1/12/artykul/197416,poland-to-up-defence-expenditure, 
   and if you said is true , why does n't poland invest heavily in your army ? 
  why are you not going with demonstrations of power to back russia away ? 
  not too much interested in contemporary politics - right ? 
  it seems that you live in an idealized , paradise peninsula , cut off from real life . 
  from my perspective - three years ago , when we were doing together with ukraine euro 2012 , i read ukrainian internet forums . 
  that 's what surprised me was the large number of entries with concerns about famine and war . 
  i thought then - what the f. they are talking about - what war , what hunger - we are in xxi century . 
  after three years , it turned out otherwise . 
  you know - no one hardly counts for portugal or spain - you are not a major player in contemporary politics . 
  no one expect you to die for gda\u0144sk . 
  you can continue to deal with drinking wine and making bottle stoppers . 
  was it also embarrassing for you in the case of president komorowski ? 
  if so - did you write about it on reddit ? 
  have you noticed the that lack of english skills is differently judged in criterion of party in mainstream media in poland ? 
  it was big issue in case of kaczy\u0144ski or marcinkiewicz ( both pis ) . 
  on the other hand tusk english skils were bad . 
  but in this case it was not a big issue . 
  after tusk nomination to eu one of the mainstream newspaper started action : let 's learn english with tusk . 
  is n't it biased for you ? 
  estonia has bigger russian minority and is under the biggest threat in our region . 
  so 10 years on pension . 
  in case of poland . 
  it is said that the first visit of the president is to show foreign policy priorities . 
  i 'm all for it . 
  seriously - they choosed the best pr company for that , 
  truth . 
  but not for all of them . 
  jesus christ , please do not mention the east lebensraum . 
  or [ ms st. louis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ms_st._louis ) in which her captain , gustav schr\u00f6der , tried to find homes for 908 jewish refugees from germany , after they were denied entry to cuba , the united states and canada , until finally accepted in various european countries , which were later engulfed in world war ii . 
  historians have estimated that , after their return to europe , approximately a quarter of the ship 's passengers died in concentration camps . 
  and us took them all , gave them houses , citizenships , monthly pocket money and free health care . 
  old good times . 
  please do not try to compare simple violence with all the catholic faith stuff . 
  for me - catholicism from italy is for example this part of music : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcwo1hkhu40 it is just great . 
  and all of the churches , architecture etc. 
  please do not spit on that . 
  and all the violence you mentioned did not create even comparable stuff . 
  imho you are a great nation and you should be proud of it . 
  and the part of catholicism and it 's heritage that created you . 
  of course we are not proud of it . 
  it was really shame on us . 
  it was one of our shameful jews pogrom in xix c. that resulting in the death of ** two jews ** . 
  i 'm really impresive that you know so good polish history . 
  predicting your questions : we are also not proud of our : football fans , thieves , murderers and rapists . 
  and if you want to judge other nations in the criterion of anti-semitism , then we can begin . 
  come on . 
  you were better in bribing the jaguar indian company . 
  and also you made the famous semtex in poprad afaik . 
  also you had janosik . 
   warsaw pogrom never heard - could you explain what do you mean ? 
   and i did n't mention shame , that is something that you made up . 
  you are right . 
  it was my message on which you are trying to respond . 
  what progres ? 
   so was paganism and anti-clericalism . 
  exactly . 
  all of that created our heritage . 
  are you ashamed also because of that ? 
  or this feeling of shame concerns only catholicism ? 
   no more than teutates worship ( here ) . 
  ` no more ' - in context of shameful ? 
  if so - imho we should be proud and not be shameful about greek heritage . 
   why would we be proud of the gods/religions of our ancestors ? 
  because it created our culture and our heritage . 
   and why would we then be so selective about it ? 
  we should not . 
  there is many cultural context to ancient religions too . 
  it is all our own history . 
  do you think that we should be ashamed about some part of it ? 
  being catholic is something shameful for you ? 
  be proud of it . 
  it is your heritage . 
  i know where it is . 
  but seriously your part of tatra has much more easy and spectacular tourist trail . 
  your beer is good , and your amusement waterpark in poprad . 
  i remember many nice trips in slovakia tatras . 
  we had our base in svit . 
  this is not the whole sentence . 
  the ` death ' box is missing . 
   but when it comes to plotting exponential growth of solar power they 're constantly falling short and not seeing that it doubles roughly every 2 years . 
  yeah .
