  any solutions ? 
  this does not even make sense . 
  tip : maybe change your own constitution ? 
  you can not decrease the benefits payed to asylum seekers . 
  it is guaranteed by our constitution so you have the answer for this eu ` refugee ' problem . 
  you are the magnet that attract all of the poor . 
  try to solve it by your own . 
  and not flip through solutions to other countries . 
   this is legally not possible in germany . 
  you mean breaking law is not possible in germany ? 
   eu states hand out 60 % of world 's welfare money while being around 6 or 7 % of world 's population . 
   that kind of `` attraction '' is n't going away soon unless especially western eu welfare states change . 
  this ` attraction ' was present all of our history . 
  there were always wealthier countries , and poorer countries . 
  there were always people migrations . 
  what is new - some of the countries decided to give away their wealth for free , but what is strange - only for the ones breaking the law and comes illegally . 
  i agree with your point , that it depends on the age of brides . 
  but it 's just a cultural aspect of their culture . 
  are we obliged to judge them and say what is right and what is wrong ? 
  imho every culture can and should make their own customs in their own territories , and noone should judge them . 
  but they and we should not spread and forcelly implement their/our believes in other societies . 
  and not get rid of and killing gaddafi - the big supporter and friend of them , in such a barbarian and animalistic way . 
  imho this socialist government ( in criterion : get money of rich and distribute thanks to it goods among the poor ) will lead poland to ruin soon or later . 
  do we really are such a superior culture to point a finger and judge and said that ` this is wrong ' ? 
   the alternative is supporting the government in libya seriously ? 
  after betrayal of gaddafi ? 
  who in libia will trust your countries again for next 60 years ? 
  you can give them free money - for sure , some of them will accept it . 
  but what you ( we ? ), 
  did for them - you should be ashamed . 
  and libiya is not the only one of the countries interested to move to the germany . 
  it 's the gateway for sure , but not the only one . 
   how do you propose to enforce sea borders without breaking international maritime law , international refugee law and international human rights law ? 
  imho it 's wrong way of putting the question . 
  we should ask the question - what is the magnet attracting all of the people ? 
  and what should be done to decrease of this field of attraction ? 
  imho the answer is - by forcing inner eu countries to stop giving fortune amount of money to hand new coming ` refugees ' . 
  by making less attractive the target of all refugees want to reach . 
  thank you for honest answer . 
  for me the biggest reason of this issue is behaviour of few inner countries that are giving away free money , free housing , delusional policy of forced multiculturalism , integration etc. 
  it 's hard to blame poor people from all over the world that are trying to use that promises . 
  but all of the border countries are f-d at the same time . 
  unfortunately . 
   minefields and barbed wire !, 
  please do n't exaggerate  . 
  just stop free money , houses and promises of family unification and free citizenship . 
  if any of inner countries need influx of ` young blood ' - they should invite them and take them directly and not use border countries . 
  so -- what is the best solution for this issue in italy according to you ? 
   that 's what we 're doing in italy and see how it 's going ... and it 's just sad that you are bullying weaker countries for doing their job properly . 
  agree . 
   `` we can not accept fences being constructed out of the money we pay to the european union '' so what is the alternative ? 
  should all of the european border counties open their borders and accept everybody that is traveling to inner countries giving free money ? 
  for me - good work hungary . 
   from this subreddit . 
  ca n't remember which post it was please do not pull out the general theories from individual cases . 
  even if they are published in such reliable sources as this / r/europe sub . 
  come to poland , see and judge - then . 
  must be a trusted one , 
   i 've heard where from ? 
  no problem - let 's say - i 'm pedantic , 
   umm , what ? 
  it 's called dog breed changed - thank you - hope it 's ok now . 
   you are kinda hoping scandinavia has dropped because of immigrants right ? 
   browsing r/europe you get the feeling the eastern european flairs are hoping that the north will collapse from the immigration after having been objectively superior societies for many decades now . 
  it is like they feel like we deserve it since you guys have had it so bad for the most part of the 20th century . 
  i can only speak for myself . 
  your predictions can be right imho . 
  but i 'm not ` hoping ' . 
  you judging me wrong . 
  the best word describing my feeling for the issue is to ` worry ' and for sure not ` hope ' . 
  please think positively . 
  in terms of being sci-fi 1984 is n't innovative or futuristic , 95 % of it could be on the late 40s . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ [ spoiler ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nineteen_eighty-four ), 
  two kids died [ near there ] ( https://ro.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6t9a9r/tragedy_on_the_camp_two_scouts_are_dead_witness ) . 
  on the other way - what is the reason that we have so much different races of dogs and all the cats looks similarly ? 
   cities were a mistake ? 
  i would not say that . 
  live is easier in big cities imho and is quite anonymously - what i like . 
  in villages/small towns everybody knows each other . 
  i remember for example when i was child and was in my grandma house for holidays - when my granma left her house for a short period of time ( like go to shop etc ) - she left the key in the lock on the door - it was a sign - ` nobody 's home , but i will be back soon - wait if you want ' for her neighbours/friends . 
  data is from 2008 . 
  would be interesting if there are changes in nowdays . 
  and imho , it depends where you ask the question . 
  in small villages for example people know each other , trust and must trust to survive . 
  in cities it looks differently . 
  was n't it predicted to be in 1984 ? 
  was n't it predicted to be in 1984 ? 
   democratic and social values , corruption and criminality , are very important differences between western and eastern countries . 
  buzzwords imho - put any reliable data against words in criterion of specific country . 
   we let the uk leave sounds like superiority complex imho . 
  you can compare 20.000 to 800.000 but why not other numbers - such as uk citizens in eu ? 
  or number of 2 * 10 ^ 6 ukrainians in poland ? 
   please take more english lessons . 
  thank you for your merit contribution . 
   first.didn ' t merkel claim multiculture is dead ? 
  as far as i remember ms. merkel claims different things about multiculturalism in time . 
   second . 
  you seem to agree with my pov , do n't you ? 
  oh yes - you 're right . 
  even if there is a paragraph , even if you are writing bs - it 's not important , because no one were sentenced .
