  ecactly . 
  after all of the politicians from this body will be get rid off . 
   fact that po started this mess does n't allow pis imho pis are just trying to resolve the issue . 
  what can thay do , when they had the all mess prepared by former govenment ? 
  the current politicians from tk will retire soon and there is a hope that all the augean stables will be cleaned . 
  just hope . 
  just get rid of politicians from that body . 
  you are using strong words and statements such as ` rule of law ' , ` division of power ' , ` catastropehes ' , ` corruption ' and ` democracy ' . 
  let 's see : democracy - which government in poland was choosed in democratic election ? 
  who would like to get rid of that ? 
  is it democratic movement ? 
  ` rule of law ' - who said that germany and other states of eu should open border , break a low and let ` refugees ' ` in ' without any check and abeying of law ? 
  it will lead to ` catastrophes ' imho ' - this disregards of law by germans - for sure . 
  ` corruption ' - if you remember this vw enginess mess - you should not use this argument . 
   po was doing same things . 
   that 's what government wants you to believe . 
  which government ? 
   wprost was part of anti-wire leak investigation . 
  pis now is restricting media 's access in parliament . 
  former po government had forces , and used it to silence independed journalists . 
  they tried to vote two judges before time , you must admitt that they started all the mess . 
  why do you trying to excuse that swindlers ? 
  hi , thank you for information . 
  did expect it . 
  hope you like your job . 
  edit :  it seems polish democracy is truly something else . 
  oh common man . 
  we all have , i suppose , something behind . 
  but what is interesting - that it can be hidden when we ( your government ) is the best friend of rulling people . 
  you can see it here - when some shit happens in 2011 in poland ( when we were best friedns ) - then nothing happened . 
  now - when we have a government that is not best friends with ` elites ' of eu - we are the bad one . 
  do n't you see the hipocrysy ? 
  man . 
  just asking . 
   sarcasm doesnt work well on reddit . 
  it 's hard to tone your voice when there is no ... voice . 
  just took the synonimes from english dictionaries . 
  you just choosed the ` sarcasm ' word . 
  are the other ones ( irony , mockery , cinism ) better ? 
  it was irony , mockery , cinism , sarcasm etc. 
  we all know that that person is one of the main ideologist and face of kod movement who reached the ` hiena roku ' award - the ` hiena of the year ' achievement by our journalists . 
  get rid of this awful man . 
  his name is stefan niesio\u0142owski . 
  and he is the marshal of the parliament . 
  and he is a really bad person . 
  the realy bad one . 
   i would like to point out that the video is from 2011 . 
  the current government of poland was elected in 2015 . 
  if something , this video shows that the previous government was no different from the current one . 
  the previous government in 2015 used rubber-bullet loaded shotguns to disperse protesting miners . 
  they used government agencies to restrict freedom of speech by raiding offices of newspapers publishing inconvenient material . 
  in fact , the current polish opposition complaining about the government is a textbook example of a pot calling the kettle black . 
  and what is more important - current government has no colegues in current eu vips and journalist elites . 
  so - hipocrysy in purest sublimation . 
  why they did not react for the previous government behaviour ? 
   to all the non-poles . 
  this video is from 2011 and the op is just being stupid . 
  please ignore . 
  do n't you see the hipocrysy ? 
   sure , we 'll send the rebels that were ousted out of aleppo to help you . 
  no , no - you misunderstood . 
  we do n't like rebels . 
  we would like to restore honest journalists such as tomasz lis to work in the government media . 
  we fight for fairness , equality and democracy . 
  european institution for sure . 
  eu parliament , etc. 
  hope democracy will win !, 
  is it working for you ? 
  i just tried mp4 and wmv streams - but it 's not working on my win10 , chrome configuration . 
  have you got the whole parliament debate in english ? 
  imho , it would be interesting to hear not only the one , closing statement , but also other voices . 
   oh please . 
  poland is still not part of the ussr there . 
  you r right - it was bad , but could be even worse . 
  i aware of that . 
  you took only part of your history . 
  in the context of ` nope , not yet ' i just choosed [ this ] ( https://pl.wikipedia.org/wiki/rada_wzajemnej_pomocy_gospodarczej#/media/file:comecon.png ) one . 
  of course it depends on it . 
  but it seems that we had 2 different definitions : one for russia and one for the rest of countries like : bulgaria , czech , slovakia , hungary , ddr , rumunia , poland , lithuania , litva , estonia , etc. 
  last time you had lands as far as to a half of germany . 
   nope , not yet . 
   send me on an hour long wikipedia/youtube binge . . 
  very interesting . 
  [ empty shelves and long lines ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ahb8diphv1u ) . 
  [ martial law in poland ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i3flyusy9dy ) . 
  last time i heard an reportage in radio about communists time in poland . 
  they did gave some examples . 
  what i remembered - at that time was a newspaper that had a column with funny sentences or behaviours of children at age 3-7 . 
  one of them : kate - 5 years old - is talking to her doll : ` far , far away lived a beautiful princess , that had bag full of butter ' . 
  ( butter was hardly available ) . 
   what super market sells pigs ? 
  it was offered in one of the markets in poland : https://encrypted-tbn0.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcrsq9gi65a-9ggjhy5xfenfnz7dnsflnim46jdr0ykozvr9-ryk, 
  bbc should make another [ high quality footage ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=woyoeiq0kgs ) about this horror . 
  by the way i hope that this people that are removed from the pasturage by democratic election would not be able to burn poland . 
   is poland following turks politic path ? 
  some other european countries :  an example given was the italian chamber of deputies , where the operator can not filming members after the meeting . 
  violation of these rules threatens to ban entry . 
  the brochure cites the hungarian national assembly . 
  is not allowed us to record in the meeting room . 
  also mentioned the european parliament , which are not allowed journalists `` not involved in permanent european or international affairs . '',
