  the issue was about farmland and houses prices and claim of ownership . 
  it turned out that the apartments and houses in the former ddr are cheaper than at the polish side . 
  so acctually many poles are buying houses at former ddr side and are working in poland . 
  impressive . 
  ancient greeks called such people barbarians . 
  piece of fire hose or a cable on a rope , 
  snake attack in poland : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ahr8vmlca5e, 
  please tell me my fried if the kebabi was invented by alexander the macedonian ? 
  and if this kebabi was served during these famous gay orgy leed by aleaksander the great ? 
  yes - you are right ^ * . 
  so - czech or ukrainian ? 
  ^ ^ * ^ ^ talking ^ ^ truisms, 
   there 's nothing great about being a victim . 
  it seems to be a history of humanity . 
  here you have some examples of todays jewish holidays with above 2000 years of history : 1 . 
  the seventeenth of tammuz is a jewish fast day commemorating the breach of the walls of jerusalem before the destruction of the second temple . 
  tisha b'av is an annual fast day in judaism which commemorates the destruction of the first and second temples in jerusalem and the subsequent exile of the jews from the land of israel . 
  and the newer one : yom hazikaron lashoah ve-lag ` vurah holocaust remembrance day , or holocaust day , is observed as israel 's day of commemoration for the approximately six million jews who perished in the holocaust as a result of the actions carried out by nazi germany . 
  imho it is truism that you can extend to every country . 
  every country has it 's own version of history . 
  probably even country where you are from or country from which you identify with . 
  let me guess - czech or ukraine ? 
  imho we must diverse the level ( with whole respect ) of reddit and other social websites from the political and official level . 
  if you are surprised by some of the argumentation in this thread and you find some parallels and call it irony , than you must be honest and ready to judge and compare statements declared by your politicians on higher level . 
   i was just talking about this thread where people cite the same argumentation as russians do about crimea and get massively upvoted . 
  give me some examples please . 
  if not support for stadium hooligans then support for ruch narodowy  . 
  it seems that you are forewarned . 
  let 's try to not be biased and use simplifications and stereotypes for the future . 
  the article you provided is the entry on the blog of janusz wojciechowski , a former judge , president of the ipn and the deputy speaker of the sejm , republished in the pages of nasz dziennik . 
  this is not a statement of tadeusz rydzyk . 
  wojciechowski refers to donald tusk 's speech :  i will be talking to many institutions and politicians to support us ( goverment ) in creating an atmosphere to support police action even when these will be determined and brutal ... 
  i agree with wojciechowski , it was not the smartest statement of tusk . 
  if you find any particular statement of rydzyk , which he fond the stadium hooligans , please specify . 
  however , there are no such statements formulated by polish politicians . 
  from the other hand , here you have an example of speech of the deputy of lviv , rostyslav novozhenec :  we lost lemkivshchyna , nadnysie , chelm and podlasie , which became part of the poland , and the land of brest and homelszczyzna , which are located in belarus . 
  any sources ? 
  could you please give some exact examples of such software ? 
  have you ever seen snow ? 
  i see . 
  ok then , 
  jesus , it was a joke - if you know what i mean  pay attention to the / s at the end . 
  and from the other hand if we are talking about porn stars , i believe that you have no reason to be so modest . 
  and what about central europe ? 
  any sources ? 
   it does get frustrating do not worry . 
  i wish you and your country all the best . 
  have a good night . 
  all of this conversation is due the ` like ukraine is mixture of russian and polish [ culture ] ' statement by / u/ama _ deo . 
  imho it is just not true and is just ignorant statement . 
  sorry for that . 
  it is just a stereotype . 
  imho the only solution is to calmly explaining ( like the polanball  issue ) like you do . 
  respect . 
   will soon become industrialized economic machines . 
  thank you - hope so . 
  from the other hand - i have cousins in us in detroit michigan that migrated in early 90 ' from poland . 
  sometimes when they comes to poland they are very surprised comparing what is now and what they left . 
  i think they have much more troubles living in us than if they would stay in poland . 
  you can come here , see and make your own opinion . 
  world is changing . 
  you are welcomed . 
  it is not a double standard . 
  it is just our language . 
  in our language breslau is wroc\u0142aw , canada is kanada , nurnberg is norynberga and lviv is lw\u00f3w . 
  i have nothing against germans describing wroc\u0142aw as breslau , or english-speaking population talking about our capital warszawa as warsaw . 
  interesting - thank you . 
  but in this case the ` correlation does not imply causation ' question arise . 
  imho it is more like the [ hierarchy of needs ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/maslow%27s_hierarchy_of_needs ) issue or positioning yourselves in the social hierarchy , which can easily be transferred to a height of earnings . 
  the condition is that the more primary needs are provided . 
  money does not bring happiness , 
  exactly . 
  i think we can agree that your statement :  number of poles murdered is 30,000 to 50,000 , according to the different sources . 
  is just not true . 
  hope we can agree with that : the actions of the upa resulted in 35,000-60 ,000 polish deaths in volhynia and 25,000-40 ,000 in eastern galicia . 
  the maximum and minimum of sum is 60,000 - 100,000 . 
  according to above wiki link it is the total number of polish deaths . 
  your citation comes from timothy snyder publication . 
  he is one from the authors of publications concerning volhynia massacre . 
  you can compare his estimates with other authors in the table section in above wiki link . 
  the actions of the upa resulted in 35,000-60 ,000 polish deaths in volhynia and 25,000-40 ,000 in eastern galicia . 
  the maximum and minimum of sum is 60,000 - 100,000 . http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/massacres_of_poles_in_volhynia_and_eastern_galicia, 
  time is a relative concept and accelerates with age . 
  for me it was like yesterday . 
  how does this relate to the recent bbc document ` stadium of hate ' ? 
   it 's almost always smells like a stereotype . 
   militarily insignificant is relative term . 
  taken from history of some countries - bigger than poland in ` military significant ' criterion - they also used to beg others for a help . 
  and sometimes they use to sell their brothers in arms . 
  it is easy to judge others when you can sit in your calm island with your cup of tea and broadcast your wisdom . 
  and what colleagues from germany think about this ? 
  it is almost morning and we are supposed to be non-sleeping or drunk . 
  maybe i ` missed a good opportunity to keep quiet ' , but if you insist to argumented conversation :  so if you prefer to be alone , who said so ? 
  who is ` you ' and the rest ? 
  and if poland is alone , who is ` we ' - france and ? 
   it 's better to be self financed and self defended . 
  yes it is . 
  it is so called - truism . 
   does their is none old polish proverb that said that if you hate someone else support , you better to support yourself ? 
  hate someone else support ?
