  everything marginal what i heard at that time was to ` chodzi\u0107 na mamuchy ' - when pupils from technikum wanted to earn some money  but for sure they were not a victim in this relationships . 
  edit :  but when you are spending hours and hours in a room with smart , eloquent , mature and even little bit handsome man that is protective sorry - but are you talking about me ? 
   i 've always considered the poles to be among the most civilized slavic cultures thank you for smart and good words . 
  where are you from ? 
  exactly . 
  arabs killing with knives . 
   others have good reason and yet another one have a good reason to kill . 
   rape does not cease to exist over the age of consent , only statutory rape . 
  and the age of consent in england and wales is 16 , not 18 . 
  it is however highly illegal to pimp out anyone under the age of majority which is 18 and illegal to groom children as well as to abuse and rape anyone , regardless of age . 
  good for you and keep your children safe . 
  hope your doughters will not take a part in that ring . 
   what part of `` raping '' is confusing to you , that you consider it something the rape victim `` agreed '' to ? 
  at what age according to you it 's the ` rape ' act and when this act is act of ` agreed ' ? 
  magical 18 ? 
   lol you can literally post lol you can literally post your goodwin law examples here . 
  lol . 
   you can tell 14 year old any bullshit and by sole fact that you are 25 years old you are god to her , you can throw money , you are `` mature '' , you can buy anything , know anything ( in their perspective ) and hell , they can have fun around you becaue you wo n't police them as their parents do . 
  may it be a personal question . 
  but have you experienced something like that when you were 13-14 years old ? 
  do you really think that older people can foolish younger ones like that ? 
   anyway it 's sunday and i 've had enough of this discussion . 
  agree . 
  have a good next 2017 year . 
   normally raping someone is the rapists fault . 
  it 's just a matter of definition . 
  imho they were doing it volonturatelly . 
   the court will establish that , not / r/europe . 
  like court in the rotterdam . 
   what you are doing right now , is accusing little girls of having had sex voluntarily with adults . 
  just trying to describe what i see . 
  it 's just a fact . 
  how would you like to explain that ? 
  lack of parenthood ? , lack of our social government ? 
  whose fault is that according to you ? 
  and what to do in the future to stop these behaviour ? 
   `` being forced to have sex with someone when you do n't want to . '', 
  exactly . 
  where they forced ? 
   do you know what rape means ? 
  it 's just a definition . 
  please read some books from xix century written by sigmund freud about sexuality . 
   people under the age of 18 why do you take this age as a age of consent ? 
  and please - i 'm not trying to justify this sick behaviour . 
  i just want to describe it . 
  and i hope it would be a beginning of serious discuss not based on biased believes but based on facts . 
  how old they were ? 
  where would you put an arbitrary line when someone is conscious of their own choices ? 
  try to put it in the context of cultural believes of tribes imported to we and modern science papers . 
  on the other hand - i spotted the same behaviour in poland . 
  last time , when i was in one of the biggest pub in my region , i spotted pakistani like old men with 13-14 old girls dancing together . 
  for me it was sick . 
  but maybe they have something , that girls from margins needs . 
  please try to understand and answer the question asked above . 
   people killing people really ? 
  what i see is muhaddis killing kuffars . 
  they agreed to be treated like a ` piece of meat ' , or they were pushed to do so by force ? 
  homonyms considering alcoholic beverage and something that french revolution get rid of ? 
  do n't get this ? 
  i remember times when we were under soviet occupation in poland . 
  i remember when we were all forced to coddling communists and the soviets . 
  at that time , we had to smuggle the ideas , which we all know to be true but could not officially be talked about them . 
  what worries me now - our times are similar . 
  at least here - similarly - in / r/europe , with heavy censorship . 
  we had to fight to have the freedom of expression . 
  uncensored . 
  i hope we will be able to do it here soon , too . 
  i 'm so excited . 
  is it a ` local news ' or not ? 
   so we stole shit from poland now poland steals cars from other countries . 
  ah , then everything is ok . 
  pathetic rhetoric . 
   show me on the doll where the swede touched you ? 
  would you like to simplify the story of 300 years for touching the doll ? 
  that 's a some kind of modern test for high school students in sweden ? 
  succeeded by pisa ? 
  you certainly are better in this criterion . 
   get your head out of your ass , we 're not the christ of nations . 
  please stop that stupid truisms . 
   you idiot . 
  great rhetorics . 
   we were ruled by right-wing parties since 1989 we were ruled by left-wing parties since 1989 . 
  now we are ruled by extreme left-wing party . 
  that gives away free money for almost everyone . 
  hope we will have a chance to be rulled by not-biased-leftist party in the future . 
  we will see . 
   polish . 
  said one of the most controversial party member  it seems that for you everybody right to the trocki , lenin , berman and woli\u0144ska are far-right . 
   what ` slaves ' are you referring to ? 
  slavic of course . 
  it goes from context i hope . 
   obviously they were in latin - even apart from the fact that nik kopernik was a native german speaker and self identified prussian ... who identified himself as the subject of the polish king and fought with the germans . 
   we just call it the karl x polish war . 
  this is a matter of naming . 
  anyone can call the nazis assault on poland - blitzkrig , the holocaust - the solution of the jewish question , and swedish deluge as - karl x polish war . 
  just a naming . 
  if we would like to talk about land ` received ' from enyone - we can talk about particular point in our history . 
  let 's take a walk . 
  cities like lubeck , berlin , rostock etc - in particular time in our history belonged to slaves . 
  would you like to take them back ?
