   i was the only one who is not government supporter was n't there a group of protesters from the left-wing organizations and the ` razem ' party ? 
   marriage is an extremely unambiguous concept . 
  i 'm not talking about love but about formal recognition man . 
   gays or lesbians to marry legally . 
  i have an impressiont that we were talking about it previously :  you can have marriage in church ( c ) or in government law ( g ) and you can have c , cg , g mariages - which case do you talk about ? 
  sorry for asking - but as far as i can imagine - you need acceptance of near people more than legalising of small part of your behaviour . 
  you are trying to get acceptance for factors that are not affirmed in societies . 
  and are not important for you imho . 
  tl ; tr : why fight for ` marriages ' , ` adoptions ' and not fight for understending ? 
  so you are talking about government law ( g ) example . 
  for me - it 's ok . 
  legally in the criterion of a church law ? 
   check what marriage betwen two people implies in poland ; you can have marriage in church ( c ) or in government law ( g ) and you can have c , cg , g mariages - which case do you talk about ? 
   marriage between two people of the same sex . 
  marriage is not an unambiguous concept . 
  what is that famous ` gay marriage ' definition according to you ? 
  should it emulate the stright marriage ? 
  if so - in which factors ? 
  please consider list of factors like : - near friends oppinions ( should we punish them for not accepting ? 
  ) , - family attitude ( the same ) , - government/law , - church acceptance , - lower taxes for families , - lower taxes for families that have children . 
  would be interesting for asking gay people -- what is the most important factors for them . 
  and how the list of factors sorted from most important to the least would be like ? 
   are these people facing imprisonment or worse if they refuse to go ? 
  if not , then they are n't using communist party tactics . 
  it 's newsweek . 
  easy articles for easy target . 
  it 's target are people that do n't know the real world . 
  they need easy explanations . 
  they believe in everything that is written in newsweek . 
  shame on them . 
   torture camps sprinkled all over poland o jesus . 
  newsweek journalists are probably afraid of the warm reception of the us president in poland and must find an excuse for their readers . 
  and during communist time the participation in events were compulsory . 
  i was a child at that time and participating in for example 1-may manifestation was obligatory - you had to have a prescription from a doctor to not to go . 
  so let these ignorant and biased ` journalist ' do n't use comparison that they do n't know . 
   boats get turned back immediately we will just lower the amount of free goods for ` refugees ' like for example ` pocket money ' . 
  it should work imho . 
  there were rumors about pilsudski proposition for france and belgium to make a `` preventive war '' against hitler . 
  and on the other hand , compatible with sharia law . 
  belarus only 2 % ? 
  hard to believe . 
  good point . 
  this is the way poland is received . 
  on average it 's [ 18 \u00b0 c in julay and august ] ( http://www.psur.pl/a.aspx?id=183 ) ( measured for [ w\u0142adys\u0142awowo ] ( http://imgur.com/a/4hebs ) - the beggining of the hel penisula - at the external part of it ) . 
  you can say it is cool , 
  however , on another device it is readable ( the same external ip number but different devices ) . 
  perhaps related to the history of browsing kept in cookies . 
  the article is behind a paywall . 
  for god 's sake , marcon has been president for only a few days . 
  it is not known whether it is good or not . 
  if there is actually some ee vs we divide then merkel imho is still a representative of western europe . 
  and nor ee and we are n't monolite . 
  [ tribune of the plebs ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tribune_of_the_plebs ) of our time . 
  i would trust him . 
  because it 's nice when a stranger speaks good things about you ? 
  especially when someone is talking - someone like the bbc ? 
  because it is recognized , valued , respected for a credible , large-scale media empire , from which the opinion counts a large number of recipients . 
  if such a text would ordered , they would have to pay big money imho . 
   hahahahaha ... no . 
  they 're here because the u.k. recognizes the diplomas , there are no high standards here . 
  someone from the bbc wrote well about your country . 
  i think you should be proud of it . 
  do you have any data that medic universities in bulgaria offering low standards ? 
  by the way - i see a similar attitude among some polish users of reddit - they seems to be excite when they can find negatives about their own country . 
  interesting what is the reason of such a behaviour . 
  impressive . 
  going that way you can add jews to this list too . 
  it was uge today - many broken trees in the surroundings . 
   trump [ ... ] hates both macron and merkel personally unless they suck up to his ego ( which they wo n't / should n't ) o jesus - do you really believe in that ? 
   because she was n't there . 
  incident happened during `` free time '' . 
  so let me cite the above message from / u/importwurst once again :  this got already mostly debunked . 
  the police released an official statement . 
  seemed fishy from the beginning , how could these children even understand anyone talking to them in polish . 
  so why she did not translate to the police twice ? 
   perhaps macron could refurbish one of those guillotines for the occasion . 
  nowadays france has not too much catholics , catholic priests or catholic kings to slaughter them like that again . 
  on the other hand - i hope that trump is not such a person that would like to see such a butchery prepared by macron . 
  i just tried to gues the meaning of the ' \u0160trba\u010dki buk ' - i 'm not sure . 
  could not find the translation in google too . 
  for me - buk - kind of the [ tree ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/beech ) and strbacki is ` source ' ( \u0179r\u00f3dlany in polish ) - so is this like ` sourced beech ' in english or ` bukowina \u0179r\u00f3dlana ' in polish ? 
  our current government is accused for all of the buzzwords like ` nationalistic ' , ` far-right ' , ` far-left ' , ` nazi ' , ` xenophobic ' , anti-something , etc - thus they are trying to treat such an issues like ` holy cows ' . 
  but in the consequence could be that - if they lied - they will be prosecuted by two prosecutors , 
    both socialist ideologies lays on the level that only few ` elites ' have a recipe that could make the whole word better . 
   wheeeeeeeew nice conclusion , 
   so why did they want to ? 
  because of an ideology that besides other elements i cited includes social conservatism . 
  no man - for me the cancer of modern world are ideologies . 
  ideologies that try to change the current world and make some kind of new world order . 
  i do n't like revolutions , i 'm not a follower of any new kind of ideology . 
  the most bloody ideologies in xx century were national socialists and communists - both socialist ideologies lays on the level that only few ` elites ' have a recipe that could make the whole word better . 
  that only this elites are right - they tryied remodeling old , conservative societes . 
  all they need is to support for their criminal actions from the rest of society . 
  thus imho conservatism is a common sense , and any new ideology implemented by few are just another try to make a new , better world that could have bloody consequences . 
  trump 's visit to europe : 1 . 
  5-6 july : poland - warsaw , 2 . 
  7-8 july : the g20 summit in germany , 3 . 
  14 july : traditional bastille day military parade in france the question is - where he will be in 9 , 10 , 11 , 12 and 13 of july ? 
  i asked for a comparison of the features of the system that killed 6 million polish citizens ( 3 million jews and 3 million catholic poles ) and other people in the world with the modern polish government . 
  do you really think that the cause of the murder of polish citizens by the germans was for example the social conservatives and not the desire to get rid of the hated races ?
