  it says that the president eats a sausage on friday , which is considered a sin by the catholic church . 
  the office claims that it 's not a sausage , but a stuffed tomato and demands rectification . 
  source in polish you are just lying . 
  even according to your controversial source the local newspaper made a clicbait title : ` sausage in friday in the kasprowy top , when goralen-folks will see that that will be a mess ' . 
  noone cares if it 's true or not . 
  but they had a response from staff from president office - ` was it so hard to check if this was a sasage or a tomato ' ? 
  and after that statement - all the boom started by media that do n't like current president and have less and less influence in polish society . 
  because of that . 
  yet another histeria made by media that are opposite to current president . 
  media that are influential only for some of polish population . 
  it 's just sad that you are one of them . 
  i would not like to analyze rest of your points that you are so excited about . 
  very interesting - ty . 
  really . 
  let me a little bit analize this - you have list of 26 people but they are connected . 
  you can cluster some of them such as ikea , h&m , or tetra pak - and we will have only few families . 
  for me most interesting one was bertil hult that works on the feald of educiation - after some research - founder of ef education first - which i was proud abiturient - many years ago . 
  you can now see how great job this man had done , 
   so check it . 
  the list of billionaires is usually public knowledge . 
  the question is not the list of particular people or institution - which is easy to obtain , but the source of their current estate . 
  both kind of group would be interesting imho . 
  but there is less billionaires that we can focus on . 
  billionaires that has real political power in some of countries , has own-controlled mass-media and we are not talking here about african countries . 
  would be interesting to see if their fortunes comes from ancestors , from ideas like modern technologies , or being people from old communist times that had ` friends ' - so called ` olighars ' . 
   to be fair letting poles in was a controversial thing . 
  the eastern expansion of the eu and schengen was controversial . 
  the russians was controversial . 
  the yugoslavians were controversial . 
  the turks and kurds were controversial . 
  the greeks , italians , portugese were controversial . 
  from your pov it was rational imho . 
  and successful 3-rd attempt . 
   they are so slavic looking they probably wore adidas tracksuits and squatted backstage . 
  thank you for you participation in examination of slavic people - but not in this case / s. 
  try to free prices and let the market regulate the rest . 
   it 's actually moldova looks just like one of us . 
  do n't we have any elections in near future in germany ? 
  do currently governing people know that allowing ` refugees ' without checking was a controversial idea that was not supported not only in germany but also in eu ? 
  do population of germany needs easy and acceptable explanation of these decisions ? 
  just asking . 
  great choreography , graceful movements , gorgeous poses and handsome faces . 
  i 'm sure they are . 
  just i do not know which country ? 
  it could be russia , belarus , ukraine , bulgaria , czech republic , slovenia , croatia , poland , slovakia , serbia or what ? 
  which one ? 
  yea romania - you can be a poster boy of modern eu . 
  just calm down your users that have big complexes and feel better when your country is described in a bad light . 
  and are very vocal about it . 
  we have such a users here too . 
  good luck . 
   the help from her french husband ( pierre curie ) was capital . 
  any reliable sources ? 
   but ignoring france completely is ridiculous noone is ignoring . 
   her ethnicity has also almost nothing to do with her discoveries . 
  that is just a truism that can be applied for everyone and in particularity - for every single scientist - imho . 
   it says : `` what are the most important inventions of your country '' , if you did n't notice . 
   as far as i know , there was no poland at the time she discovered rad and polon . 
  very good argument - thank you . 
  so any of the research done by scientists that considered themself as poles , in times where there was no poland for 123 yers , should not counted for polish heritage ? 
  there is an argument . 
  but what about nations that had no country for centuries ? 
  but took a big part in modern science ? 
  what about them ? 
  on the other hand - this thread is imho ` shadowed ' - please open the / r/europe in anonymous mode and try to find it . 
  whe are discussin only for ourselfes . 
   well when it 's conducted at a specific institution , the credit generally falls to that institution and that institution 's country . 
  i 've never seen anything else within the world of academia . 
  man -- i gave you the example of einstein - would you ` credit generally ' the patent office in brno ? 
  for his few first papers ? 
   if we 're categorizing it all like this unfortunately we are not categorizing like that . 
  if you would like to do it - please consider that borders in the world and particluarly in europe are changing . 
  if you would like to use this ( imho fake ) criterion you should put scientists such as einstein in the box with the label of german for being born , for box with label swiss for his theory of relativity and his nobel price for photoelectric effect , or usa box for his general theory of relativity . 
  despite of that everybody imho put him in the box ` jew ' - despite that modern israel was founded only in 1946 . 
  so - no . 
  noone use the ' but on where you live when you conduct the research ' criterion - sorry . 
   i think this kind of questions do n't trigger people to prove who is the best . 
  we will see . 
  hope you are right . 
   sorry , the discovery of rad and polon are considered to be french inventions . 
  in which criterion ? 
  who considered it like that ? 
  have you got any realiable sources ? 
  imho this kind of questions should be asked in / r/askeurope and not here . 
  we all know that most of modern inventions in europe was done mostly by citizens of countries such as german and uk . 
  this kind of question will trigger countries with big aspirations such as poland , france , italy , etc. 
  - and even smaller ones  . 
  but if you would like to trigger some countries and start discussion who was the first , who is which nationality etc. 
  ; that it 's my personal voice for poland : 1 . 
  copernicus - the first of use of a science method to prove that sun is in the middle . 
  as well as his works about economy ( which is now know as a [ gresham law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gresham%27s_law ) . 
  maria sk\u0142odowska ( aca curie  ) - the pionier of radioactivity . 
  she discoverd the rad and the ~ ~ france ~ ~ polon . 
  [ jak \u0141ukasiewicz ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jan_%c5%81ukasiewicz ) - responsible for creating the [ reverse polish notation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reverse_polish_notation ) used in informatic sciences . 
  stanis\u0142aw ulam - had his place in constructing the thermoathomic bomb and his [ ulam spiral ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ulam_spiral ) . 
  many more -- depends what the temperature of this thread will have in the future - i will write some more , 
  he used question with thesis . 
  which is kind of manipulation . 
   stalinium , it 's gloriously durable it should be durable . 
  stalinism was bathed in slavic blood .
