i do not know if you have noticed my flag . 
  i am a pole living in poland and i can only invite you to poland  . 
  the comment above was a kind of joke - because poles are the second minority in the uk ( as far as i know ) . 
  i think the italians are better perceived in other countries than the poles . 
  hard to imagine that you could have any racist problems . 
  can you write something more about racism in australia ? 
  but seriously - if you would like to come to poland - you are warmly invited . 
  from the other hand - they taking our jobs , so ... 
  kind of joke . 
  i did not want to offend anyone . 
  welcome to london . 
  make yourself like home . 
  it is quite popular way of making coffee all the time . 
  try it - it has different , stronger taste . 
  no special meaning . 
  these colors are most liked and available . 
  just a matter of taste . 
  my favorite holidays . 
  from childhood i liked the fire , 
   perhaps you guys can give me suggestions on how this stuff can be made known to a larger public ? 
  there has to be something we can do about it . 
  i 'm not a spin-doctor or other specialist , but if you ask - that is my thoughts : 1 . 
  first of all - people are lazy and need simple answers . 
  if you are writting : ` leader of ` prizak ' ` brigade ' alexyey mozgovoy '' - nobody knows what are you talking about . 
  what the hell is the ` prizak ' or ` alexyey mozgovoy ' . 
  nobody will google and try to find the answer . 
  the main purpose is to describe the situation - is he the good or the bad guy . 
  or at least is he ukrainian or pro-russian . 
  russians call you - ukrainians ` nazis ' - it is better from propaganda point of view , because everyone today works like this - nazi : bad . 
  just like pavlov dogs . 
  choose the target . 
  your messages should be different depending if you are writting to eu citizens , russians , or ukrainians . 
  everybody has own ` truth ' . 
  find words , that describe bad attitude - you can choose from many of them : kulaks , pedophiles , gay , catholic , muslim , terrorists , nazis , fashist , xenophobic , racist etc - dependint on context and the target . 
  in your situation when your target is eu , terrorists , bandits or separatists would be the best imho . 
  you can try to make a different nick-name for every ` bad ' guy . 
  westerns eu citizens do not recognize russians names . 
  try to find nick names for them . 
  just find them , choose a top and give them a name . 
  for example us government , in the same situation , made a set of ` bad guys ' from irak using deck of cards , or comprehed , offensive names like ` chemical-ali ' . 
  but it works only for worst few of them . 
  when they said that they killed ace of spades - no one cares about truth . 
  it was just a victory !, 
  for example - you have a terrorist and separatist guy that call himself - motorolla . 
  it is imho ambigous and stupid nick-name . 
  it would not work for eu citizens . 
  instead you can use ` bloody dwarf ' ( just like gienrikh yagoda ( real name jehuda ) from ussr ) or something like that . 
  there is many sources and different news . 
  try to make comprehend story from it . 
  make main story with heros ( bad and good ) and threads and tell stories that are separate , but are coherent . 
  just like a comics . 
  your title imho should be like that : ` pro russia terrorist leader said : ' , give a context , reffer to previous episodes with previous parody of ` democratic judgment ' , translate of course , etc. 
  nobody in russia expects the ~ ~ spanish inquisition ~ ~ pink revolution !, 
  given the results of our advertising about the need to invest in eastern poland , and the fact that lviv is still further to the east - no one takes seriously such slogans . 
  is this for real ? 
  georgian song dedicated to the memory of the polish president . 
  i hope i can add it here . 
  nice piece of music imho . 
  [ fly my black swallow ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkycdz34ij8 ) . 
  the ` enforcing contracts ' and ` resolving insolvency ' are choosen from many other factors defining overall ` ease of doing business rank ' . 
  according to official data : http://www.doingbusiness.org/rankings overall ` ease of doing business rank ' for countries from the chart : dennmark 4 united kingdom 8 finland 9 sweden 11 ireland 13 germany 14 austria 21 portugal 25 netherlands 27 france 31 poland 32 spain 33 slovak republic 37 belgium 42 czech republic 44 slovenia 51 italy 56 luxembourg 59 greece 61 cyprus 64 ^ taken ^ from ^ one ^ of ^ the ^ comments ^ on ^ http://www.economist.com/blogs/graphicdetail/2014/10/daily-chart-19 ^ website . 
  in the polish collective memory ottoman turkey is remembered as the only state that did not recognize the final partition of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth in 1795 by russia , prussia and austria . 
  there even exists an anecdote recounting the exchange between the chef de protocol and his aide . 
  according to the tale , whenever the diplomatic corps was received by the ottoman sultan , on the sight of the empty chair of the polish deputy , the ottoman chef de protocol would ostentatiously ask : `` where is the deputy from lehistan ? '' . 
  at each occasion he would receive the same reply from his aide : ` your excellency , the deputy of lehistan could not make it because of vital impediments ' to the annoyance of the diplomats from the partitioning states . 
  - see more at : http://poloniaottomanica.blogspot.com/2014/02/where-is-deputy-of-lehistan.html#sthash.lfwuwvaz.dpuf, 
  bbc also made the controversial ` stadium of hate ' documentary . 
  this custom is ( was ? ), 
  also popular in poland . 
  on the occasion of child 's first birthday there are laid near : glass , money and a rosary . 
  the future of the child depending on the choose . 
  sounds nice , but there is old custom - not to mix drinks while drinking . 
  look at the amount of champagne -- it is only one glass - imho - only for toast . 
  on every wedding there is always a toast for happiness of young couple . 
  and it is hard to say about mixing . 
  the main question is - how much vodka is needed for one adult person ? 
  what is your opinion ? 
  i do not know english on the idioms level well , but in polish this statement has unambiguous sexual meaning ( the speaker of the parliament confess ) : [ this is not the first time when it standing me up ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x4twnbmrvmq ) , while he means that ` this is is not the first time when i 'm standing before this parliament ' . 
  it may depend on region of poland . 
  for example famous ` highlander wedding ' is continuing for more than one day . 
  for sure they need more alcohol  . 
  here you have some traditions concerning wedding depending on region ( in polish ) : http://kobieta.wp.pl/kat,110400,page,2,title,tradycje-weselne-w-roznych-zakatkach-polski,wid,12374875,wiadomosc.html?ticaid=113b47&amp;_ticrsn=3, 
  very nice and hospitable people . 
  large contributions to science and world culture . 
  as for weddings , it is similar in poland . 
  question how much alcohol is needed for one person is a popular question . 
  when you type in google ` ile w\u00f3dki na wesele ' ( how much vodka for a wedding ) in the first place shows up link to a calculator ( !! ), 
  with default values : 0.5 liters of vodka for 2 people , 1 bottle of wine for 7 people and a 1 bottle of champagne for 7 people . 
  the second link advice to buy 0.5 litre of vodka for one person . 
  home sweet home . 
   the ussr was extremely inefficient in retrieving benefits from conquered territories . 
  there was a joke abut ussr in poland : we send them meat , and in return they take from us the corn . 
  i hope that the continuation of the direction of change in attitude to russia , will quickly end the war and will allow to maintain the unity of ukraine . 
  it seems that east is still pro-russian . 
  i met girls from kharkov in poland and i asked them what is the attitude to russian in their region - they said that it changed and is very negative now . 
  the polls say something different . 
  thank you . 
  do you know the voting results broken down by geographic areas ? 
  i am curious as voted eastern regions of ukraine . 
  the same concerns were while polish accession to the eu .
