   they call it '' liberation '' . 
  that is sad , 
   flight and expulsion is quite an euphemism . 
  it is officially used and i agree with that term . 
   there was not a choice . 
  what choice ? 
  in the same way , after wwi following countries was created : austria , czechoslovakia , estonia , finland , yugoslavia , lithuania , latvia and hungary . 
  they were trying to take lands that belonged to them before and where citizens of their nations lived . 
  do you think , that belarusians and ukrainians wanted to be taken by ussr at that time , and you had the right to their soil ? 
  nobody in poland is denying the fact of flight and expulsion of germans after wwii . 
  are you trying to compare german war crimes in occupied poland during ww ii with flight and expulsion of germans ( 1944 -- 50 ) from poland ? 
   but do n't worry i 'm not worry . 
  calm down . 
   pis will be in charge soon all the bad is pis for you ... - it is quite ease . 
  or was quite ease . 
  pis is on the same side as po and i think you should have to search for other enemy fit for you in polish politics scene to find out the another scapegoat to easy hate . 
  [ here ] ( http://x0.cdn02.imgwykop.pl/c0834752/11zeszl_iw0afgro3ozrxenbvjjsqkieordmgbm0,wat600.jpg?author=net-menx&amp;auth=692550dab9c8c9a3fc8739f8204de640 ) is apology found in polish social media , created ad ` hoc for our betrayed friends . 
  we are really shameful . 
  it is not our government . 
  more than current ? 
  probably most of them . 
  you can see [ who ] ( https://youtu.be/rjm6shbrpeq ) is leading our prime minister . 
  unofficially , poland agreed . 
  sorry for that . 
  we have elections next month . 
  hope we will choose someone responsible . 
  hope it will not spoil our relationships . 
  compliance with the law . 
  international and local . 
  without imposing temporary solutions . 
  just like hungary did . 
  ** germany ** : * common sense , not based on feeling guilty and hope for good pr . 
  * stop spreading responsibility for own bad decisions to other countries . 
  i hope that pushing numerus clausus for migrants will not work , and germany will not bully other countries this time . 
  ( there is trick prepared at tuesday involving eu fm , that could avoid of veto , and push other countries to take ` guests ' , ` invited ' by germany ) . 
  * getting rid of the magnet that attracts poor people around the world - free homes , free education , free health and social pocket money , given away by some rich countries of eu . 
  from all of the bennefits , the only free pocket money are larger than average earnings in some parts of the eu . 
  not mentioning really poor countries . 
  anyway - you are welcomed . 
  all of the links are about northern ireland . 
  and it is not ` true ' ireland . 
  it is quite different . 
  they are orthodox protestant anglicans and consider ` catholic ' poles as enemies . 
  anyway - please do not hate us . 
  we are ignorants that consider romanias as romas - that is all . 
  could work for expats . 
  but we are here - poland and romania . 
  and i feel shame for that poll becouse of romania . 
  from time to time i 'm trying to read some of the czechs websites comments about poles . 
  it is really depressing . 
  you are really overestimated by poles , at the expense of countries that really like us . 
  hope this fact would be visible for poles . 
  this . 
  and the second that we do not know each other . 
  and the question of this pool probably was : here you have a list of countries , please arrange it from most favorite to less . 
  first would be countries that we personally know . 
  anyway - i 'm really sorry for that pool . 
  we are ah that choose richer countries . 
  imho we hurt countries like romania , belarus and ukraine . 
  exactly , they are a victim of political correctness . 
  exactly . 
  we do not know each other , unfortunately . 
  how to change it ? 
   we 've always tried to be nice and peaceful neighbors . 
  learning languages is just fun , 
  we are not squatting in poland  . 
  i never saw this phenomena in poland with exceptions of vietnamese in their ` shops ' at a market place . 
  first i red about it on reddit - was just curious . 
  once i saw it personally on our trainstation - it was done by a white man . 
  i was trying to stand for a while nearby and comprehend that he speaks russian . 
  after googling , imho it was linked to former ussr prisons culture . 
  prisoners were not allowed to sit on chairs or beds during the day . 
  they can be observed and punished for doing that . 
  in this situation the only solution was to squat . 
  fortunately poland was not in ussr prisons sphere of influence . 
  we do not know this phenomenon . 
  my knees would explode after while , if i would like to do it . 
  it 's the original title of the footage . 
  do not forget that todays lithuania is not the only ancestor of former wkl . 
  this country was mostly belarusians . 
  at that time wkl and poland was separate in criterion of army . 
  and that your former country do not take a part in this battle . 
  and please respect our people . 
  then you will also be respected . 
   you can find his notes in polish , even jokes in museum manuscripts . 
  all the rest climes of your note i know . 
  but this ? 
  can you give some examples ? 
  i live in che\u0142mno , where copernicus probably was in primary school , his sister was a ceo of benedictine monastery in our city . 
  i had an idea of serching for documents signed by copernicus in polish language in our monastery archive . 
  if you have such examples please - issue them . 
  where and what is written about that romania offered us military help in 1939 and we refuse it ? 
   so they refused the military assistance . 
  romania offered us military help in 1939 and we refuse it ? 
  can you give any sources ? 
  afaik we had polish-romanian alliance from 1921 and it was not activated by poland . 
  we remember that you took our refugees at that time . 
  it is well known fact in poland . 
  it seems that polish-romanian alliance was not activated by poland . 
  but there was an act that romania offered us military help and we refuse it ?
