  congratulations for way of thinking . 
  please check facts before you writing another stupidity . 
   you write utterly lies . 
  [ yea ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8uuzddg4qja ) . 
  one old man in the pool and a group of young boys . 
  the boys are fighting to touch the old man . 
  something like plato described in his letters . 
   eastern europe is the biggest beneficiary of ` all cultures are equal ' and ` multiculturalism ' . 
  in which way ? 
  please provide important differences between ` west ' and ` east ' cultures . 
  especially before few dozens of years . 
  imho it is a wrong way to ask the question :  did protests in poland reveal a coming political crisis in the eu ? 
  ( visegrad group ) 1 . 
  eu is governed by old hippies with their idea fixes such as ` all cultures are equall ' , ` multiculturalism ' , ` let 's import another culture to make our more vibrant ' , ` white inferiority complex ' , etc. 
  protests in poland were made by politician opposition and people who loose thieir good payment jobs - not an every ` kowalski ' and in this way they are not important . 
  i can observe clash between ` honest ' and ` controversial ' media centers like bbc , cnn and ` independent ones from eg . 
  youtube ' . 
  we should change the current governing layer - just hope it would be changed in the peaceful way . 
   that storm was almost as destructive to trees as the polish government . 
  do you think it 's because of pis ? 
  thanks to people like you our current leftists government is winning in poland . 
  [ source ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zvym22cmp84&amp;list=plsomq-874j1xujfs2bbvi_hctlpxt38jd&amp;index=28 ) . 
   in germany you definitely can . 
  are you sure ? 
  from the same [ discussion ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6t3z9a/warsaw_three_german_citizens_voluntarily/dlijpko ) :  under german criminal code ( \u00a7 90a strafgesetzbuch ( stgb ) ) it is illegal to revile or damage the german federal flag as well as any flags of its states in public . 
  offenders can be fined or sentenced to a maximum of three years in prison , or fined or sentenced to a maximum of five years in prison if the act was intentionally used to support the eradication of the federal republic of germany or to violate constitutional rights . 
  just added the translation - please refresh . 
  tranlsation : it was like hell . 
  over the scout camp scattered in the forest near the village of suszek ( pomeranian province ) at night from friday to saturday storm was raging . 
  the trees broke like matches and fell on the frightened children and adolescents . 
  unfortunately , two people died , 20 were injured . 
  one of the scouts told fakt24.pl about the scary scenes he witnessed . 
  - the girls who died probably panicked . 
  one stayed under a tent in her tent and the other separated from the group and ran somewhere . 
  both died under the trees . 
  it was a real cataclysm . 
  on the night of the 11th of august , a terrible storm swept through pomerania . 
  cruel wind and torrential rain were devastating . 
  the element ripped off the roofs and power lines , knocked the trees . 
  unfortunately , he did not spare human lives either . 
  four people died , among others . 
  two participants of the scout camp . 
  ** killed and wounded ** the tragedy occurred near suszek , where a scout camp was located . 
  at night the forest where the tents were set struck a monstrous storm . 
  the trees broke like matches and fell on the frightened children and adolescents . 
  unfortunately , two girls aged 13 and 14 did not survive the storm . 
  according to a scout 's account , atmospheric conditions drastically worsened by about 11 pm ( 23:00 ) . 
  then chaos started . 
  - the first order we heard was to hide under the bunks in their tents . 
  later , when the trees began to break , we were told to run to the main tent . 
  at one point the capitan ( team ? ), 
  shouted to us to run to the lake , because there were no trees . 
  we threw ourselves to the lake . 
  we ran and the boughs fell centimeters from our heads . 
  when we reached the lake , two trees fell on the main tent . 
  the capitan decision saved our lives . 
  if we were in the tent of the victims , there would certainly be more - says a participant in the interview with fakt24.pl . 
  according to the scout , the girls who died probably panicked . 
  - one stayed in the tent in his bunk and the other separated from the group and ran somewhere . 
  both died under the trees - adds the boy . 
   what did you change ? 
  good question - / u/yoma819 - please say how many changes you made and we can start having fun - ` find pictures and countries whose color shades are different ' . 
   next to zero percent change of happening ? 
  you mean interracial marriages in poland ? 
  i personally know some of them . 
  poland does not fit into its stereotype . 
  what do you think ? 
   my teachers taught me that this is the only flag that one may not disrespect . 
  anarcho-syndicalist  thank god . 
  i was rather talking about ` young educated from big cities ' snobs and not cute utopian ideologists . 
  number of such a snobs are much higher than number of members oof such a marginal movements like yours . 
  you are justified to me . 
   education . 
  so you agree that if you do not shit on flag then you are a nazi ? 
  congratulations for your teachers . 
   i propose this new flag . 
  i have an impression that there are a large number of poles who believe that the best way to become a modern citizen of eu is to shit on their own flag at least once a month . 
  otherwise , you are just a fashist and a nazi . 
  what is the recipe to breed such a people ? 
   it 's illegal to desecrate the flag in poland ? 
  my familial homeland continues to dissuade me further and further . 
  i tought it 's a universal law - are there countires where can i take down a flag and wipe feet into it without any consequences ? 
   poland recently has been pushing laws and policies with the intention of reshaping history to support a new nationalism any examples of pushing laws ? 
  looks like a big athomic explosion in toru\u0144 ... 
   we have pilgrims ? 
  they might have spread atheism and beer culture indeed weird . 
  could it be spies from russia , pretending to be czechs and accused just being clewer observers ? 
  if you do n't see differences between different races , then that is your problem . 
  try to find another example to prove your claim . 
  because in your example there were gypsies . 
  you must be joking - look at the picture from your [ link ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-tyne-40105793 ) please . 
  do they look like slavs ? 
   but names like andrzej , seweryn , robert , pawe\u0142 , sebastian are kinda sorta native polish . 
  what names are kinda sorta native for polish gipsies ? 
   and non-gypsy slavs too , on a large scale . 
  pls less gypsygoating . 
  newspapers in uk publish pictures of these people . 
  i read some articles about trafficking or slavery cases made by polish citizenships , and they always were gypsies . 
  have you got any example of sach a case made by slavs ? 
  the three seas initiative has twelve member countries along a north-south axis from the baltic sea to the adriatic sea and the black sea : austria , bulgaria , croatia , czech republic , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , poland , romania , slovakia and slovenia .
