  in this criterion - with this questions the map should looks different imho . 
  this index lays on declarations of poeople - and is not reliable and is culturally-dependend . 
  of course . 
  but between bayern and austria , 
  fargo in romania . 
  could be . 
  i like the [ movie ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-ofwp_swkfja/unrsy46pcji/aaaaaaaab8c/ntfzrp0ubxa/s1600/fargo_200pyxurz.jpg ) and i like the 1-st [ tv series ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-p2zv1k9-8y8/toz-zuxbrmi/aaaaaaaaizk/csq7ruo39pu/s1600/fargo_032pyxurz.jpg ) . 
   it 's a perception index , which is not culturally-adjusted . 
  imho , it 's a perception index , which ** is ** culturally-adjusted . 
  and is not reliable , unfortunately . 
  imho it 's hard to compare poland and russia . 
  we are tiny comparing to them . 
  from my pov - it would be great - when russia and germany would be separated for small duchies / s. 
   but it 's the best way we have to measure corruption . 
  imho it depends how conceited , haughty , conceited , snooty , boastful , proud , arrogant , insolent , haughty etc. 
  nations are . 
  please pay attention at germany - where there was the whole issue with the vw engines . 
  germans are arrested in usa but they think about themsefs on the very high level in criterion of corrupiton . 
  it could be a pathetic index imho . 
   it 's a perception index , which is not culturally-adjusted . 
  how it could be ? 
   soros , jews , soros , jews , zionists , rothschild , soros , multikulti , destruction , hitler , right , soros , evil , '' etc. 
  let 's group and count of your set : 1 . 
  soros - 4 times . 
  jews - 2 times . 
  why do you used this names so often ? 
  4-times : soros and 2-times : jews ? 
  do you have an obsession ? 
  you are anti-semitc . 
  and you are anti-soros too . 
  such a behaviour should not be a norm . 
  i hope they will find you and reeducate you . 
  is this index in some way measurable , reliable , reproducible ? 
  or is it only a declaratory ? 
  perhaps it is just that some countries have about themself unreasonable opinion , and some - on the contrary . 
  edit : very , very much appreciate your commitment - romanians . 
   it 's good news in my opinion . 
  when russia has a smaller economy than italy or canada or even south korea they are far less dangerous to finland , baltics , poland or any other countries around them . 
  people who are desperate , the more eagerly pushing different red buttons . 
  do not forget that they have nuclear weapons . 
  i do not know what would be best for russia , from our point of view - they have won the whole siberia and praise them for it . 
  for them it 's important to keep this entire space . 
  we have our ( o jesus - must say - white ) people there . 
  on the other hand - they attacked georgia , ukraine - they are a threat to other countries . 
  let me draw a conclusion - huy ih znayet . 
  excuse them . 
  they 're just polish journalists . 
  if they see people beheading others or stone victims to death , they just panic . 
  please do n't blame them . 
  they know nothing  . 
  i respect rules of this sub , but you are the one that stops spontaneous poetry , 
  in polish :  imigranckim getcie mantes-la-jolie pod pary\u017cem translate :  immigrant getto mantes-la-jolie near * paris . 
  * in the suburbs . 
  does n't metter - because my thread was removed because of ` editorialisation ' . 
  why are you asking ? 
  is it something wrong to call this part of france as getto ? 
  seriously - for me and for most poles it could be named : trem-dupem-o-trotuar or something like that . 
   a military truck carrying a backhoe have been stolen near marseille 2 days ago . 
  hope it would not be something as dangerous as [ lithuanian armour tracto ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgakhk1o6we ) send to ukraine . 
   i see your point . 
  thank you . 
   if you do n't like the ` attacked by immigrant ' -  ` attacked by frenchmen ' shift in the title , than please think about  gypsy -  ee shift ( especialy romania ) for all the titles and body articles . 
  it 's the same . 
  but for romanians it is acceptable talking about romanians when the aggresors were gypsy . 
  but in the case of france you can talk about nationality - in this case - immigrants from getto . 
  it 's a hyporcrysy imho . 
  romanians or ee could not afford such a priviledge . 
  i was trying to explain your doubt a couple of minutes ago imho . 
  before you asked your question . 
  please read before commenting . 
  that 's all . 
  please read the whole [ description ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5q8080/polish_truck_driver_was_assaulted_in_france_near/dcx2gxo/ ) before draw your conclusions . 
  agree - but we are here talking about political correctness . 
  when one can talk about - for example - gypsy when it should be covered by citizenship for nations like romania or when it could be public - like for example france . 
   jews of the ex-yu . 
  is it an issue for you croatians too ? 
  i 'm asking because jews - escpecialy from usa would like to take some more money from us . 
  money from poland . 
  $ 60.000.000.000 to be precise . 
  from jews that died during iiww and had no living children , and had no heirs . 
  if some jew was citizen of poland and died without heirs and had something and was a jew than his/her property should belong to : 1 . 
  according to them - ( in the criterion of nationality or religion - which is stupid imho - becose vatican could trying to take money from catolics that had no heirs - for example ) - to american jews . 
  according to international law - for country of their citizenship - poland . 
  are jews trying to extort money , scare croatia and blackmail you too ? 
  have you got newspapers that are ` moral authorithet ' and trying draw you as subhuman ? 
  as someone that should be ashamed ? 
  translation : polish truck driver has been attacked by immigrant in the ghetto near paris . 
  he was beaten by four attackers armed with baseball bats and knives . 
  the attackers stole his truck . 
  burned car was found in a nearby forest - learned french correspondent for rmf fm marek g\u0142adysz . 
  pole was in the truck in the parking lot on the a13 in the immigrant ghetto mantes-la-jolie , near paris . 
  the vehicle approached the man with a forged police identity card and told him to open the door . 
  pole testified that he was then forcibly pulled out of the truck and attacked by four attackers , including three arab origin . 
  a representative of the transport company ats papowo torun told rmf fm that the pole was beaten baseball bats and stabbed in the leg . 
  he went to the hospital , but fortunately not suffered severe injuries and returned to polish , but without trucks . 
  according assaulted the driver at the time of the attack , in the truck it was among nearly one thousand pounds and 150 euros in cash and identity documents , cell phone and tablet . 
  all this was probably stolen and then a truck was set on fire . 
  french police are investigating - police are trying to determine the identity of the perpetrators . 
  ** if you do n't like the ` attacked by immigrant ' -  ` attacked by frenchmen ' shift ** in the title , than please think about gypsy -  ee shift ( especialy romania ) for all the titles and body articles . 
  it 's the same .
