  and making of free space for the germans ? 
  seriously ? 
  if you are socially conservative , you want to murder others ? 
  this is the thesis and cause of the holocaust ? 
  the rest of the arguments are similar imho . 
  and do you really think , that the cure for this is to mix races ? 
  please write few examples of common features where you can compare the a ) nazi holocaust and b ) pis/anti-immigrant and the forced quota of distributing system . 
  please not write about attitude , feelings , premonitions etc. 
  please write about a facts in few points . 
  as many as two prosecutors took up the case , because there are two threads to investigate this incident . 
  the lublin-south district prosecutor 's office investigates racist crimes . 
  in turn , the prosecutor 's office of lublin-p\u00f3\u0142noc checks the actions of police action . 
  hope they will find the perpetrator of this whole confusion . 
  fortunately , there are footages from street cameras . 
  i think it 's a fake news . 
  and the question ` cui bono ' is valid imho . 
  thank you mods for consolidating poles in this sub . 
  good work . 
   the eu is in dispute with poland , the czech republic , slovakia and hungary on the issue . 
  and this is more probable reason of this accident . 
  imho . 
  the same level like in famous ` stadiums of hate ' imho . 
  but for sure these students recorded something ? 
  let 's wait for theirs footages . 
  sorry , ca n't [ resist ] ( https://youtu.be/yr0lwich3ry ) . 
  there is the only one side - the students and their statements about spitting . 
  their statements about spitting can not be proved by monitoring footages . 
  the rest is correct and confirmed by police . 
  they did come and tryied to explain what happended . 
  please read translation of this article . 
  thanks !, 
  do n't forget that wyborcza published tapes too . 
  but that ones were tapped by michnik - so it was probably legal , 
   to the facts stated by two of the three parties involved . 
  which ones ? 
   the police confirmed the incident but said they were n't able to understand the pupil in cause of language barriers . 
  it 's the same in this article - please use the google translate . 
   seems like your source is nationalistic bullshit then . 
  why do you think so ? 
  quotes from the article :  a man in the old town refuses to sell water to the students saying that they are not poles . 
   walking down the street , somebody throws a vibrator under the legs . 
   the woman goes to one of the girls wearing a headscarf , splashes her with water and screams `` go away ! '', 
  it 's hard for me to believe . 
  i hope this is ~ ~ not ~ ~ another false news about racism and xenophobia in poland - just like the one about the beating of portuguese pupils in poland . 
  alleged issue took place on the street - there are certainly cameras in these places - so it can be verified . 
  and i will tell you something in secret - do n't tell it to anybody please . 
  but i just realised that other former countries and nations of rzeczpospolita do n't like and afraid poland too - we had our history and are just too big comparing to them . 
  i know - i 'm talking about ambiguous meaning of the word ` communism ' - it does not always mean absolute support for the ussr . 
  sorry man - ussr times was not the greatest in our history . 
  so - let 's strike !, 
  yugoslavia was not in [ warsaw pact ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warsaw_pact ) nor in [ council for mutual economic assistance ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comecon ) . 
  so they might be communists but they were not in your sphere of influence . 
  pay attention that even todays china is officially the people 's republic of china governed by the communist party of china . 
  but it 's hard to call them communists imho . 
  belarus is now in your famous ` sphere of influence ' and former yugoslavia was not since tito said to russia - [ that he would not like to coopearate and russia should go away as quick as possible ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tito%e2%80%93stalin_split ) in 1948 . 
  yugoslavia was never fully ex-communist country in criterion of your sphere of russian imperialism . 
   they do n't want to go back to russias sphere of influence i know - but what about the low score of slovakia ? 
  it 's quite high in ex-communist countries - except of slovakia . 
  just wonder why ? 
   tbh , i do n't like the idea of a barbed wire . 
  i was sarcastic - because when we have a schengen and the ` refugees ' will be not in a prison - they can move around eu . 
  so they will just go to the countries that are ` better ' according to them . 
  and they are doing it nowdays . 
  we had some families from syria - and they escaped . 
  i agree that the solution is chaoitc - i do n't know what is the real reason that germany is giving for all the poor people money and other benefits . 
  imho it 's the magnet that attract them and real reason of this crisis . 
  afair - one of the german politician had a proposal that all the countries should have the same level of benefits for ` refugees ' ( at the level of germany i suppose ) - which if is true - would be a huge unfairnes for peoples in our part of eu that lives for lower money . 
  thank you very much for your answer . 
  you yourself see that there is some difficulty in keeping people in different countries , people - who want to get to countries that give them more benefits . 
  analyzing what you said ( sorry for being sarcastic ) :  if they flee from there , the people who work in these places , who have all their details , should alert the police . 
  do n't you think that better solution would be a some kind of barbed wire ? 
   they are refugees , they are not eu citizens so they do n't have the right to just move from country to country however they like . 
  their should - but unfortunatelly dey do n't . 
  it 's just countries like germany and sweden that are giving them what they want . 
  and they demand the same attidute from us imho . 
   it 's either be safe in this country or choose to go back to syria . 
  look at the globus and count the safe countries between syria and romania . 
   russia and the us from playing their political games in syria and trying to get the place back in order somehow . 
  agree . 
   they need to be placed in a manner in which no country is overwhelmed by the numbers . 
  and what to do if they do n't want to be in such a places ? 
  we have schengen ? 
  what is the best solution according to you ? 
  i did not heard it directly , but i know a guide from our town . 
  he said that a japanese tourist during visiting one of our churches , pointed her finger at figure of a saint and asked : ` adam ma\u0142ysz ' ? 
  forced in the meaning that nor them want come here nor we want them . 
  most of them want to go to reacher countries where they will get more benefits and where they have relatives . 
   unlike poland , also voted against it in the eu council . 
  it was previous government and the main reason they lost last elections . 
   then i guess it was also an occasion for iohannis to show that he is not like the leaders of poland and hungary and for macron to show that his criticism does not extend to the whole of central and eastern europe . 
  if macron wants to be tough with poland and hungary , it helps to have friendly countries in the cee region , you do n't want to ` pick a fight ' with a whole region of europe . 
  countries in our part of europe do not agree on a few issues in the solutions proposed by germany / france . 
  for example , for the forced displacement of refugees . 
  i do not know what romania 's position on this issue is ? 
  according to me , france / germany will want to divide countries , united in common ideas . 
  surely the romanians can win a lot by agreeing to the controversial proposals , with good negotiations . 
  afak they distinguish it : rosyanin is citizen of russia and rusky is ethnic russian . 
  he made a few mistakes , he turned out to be a douche but i hope he will finally make the decision for the whole eu . 
  france has a few weeks behind the steering wheel . 
  mrs. merkel allowed him .
