  anything else - you can epress . 
  some authoritarian countries in europe has government censorship . 
  some authoritarian countries in europe can penalise isps for not deleting someone post , after a judge sentence . 
  nobody killed the publishers of this cover ? 
  nobody drowned them with acid ? 
  nobody exploded ? 
  where are people so scared of ' [ free media ] ( https://www.neweurope.eu/wp-content/uploads/2016/01/poland_01-1.jpg ) ` in poland from 2016 ? 
  this cover is an example that free speech is allowed in poland imho . 
  the big question - why do you consider poland a nazi autocratic country forbidding free speech ? 
   he actually got memetic as ex-president . 
  the ex president is [ komorowski ] ( http://www.poznajmemy.pl/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/japonia5.jpg ) . 
  agree . 
  is there a country in eu that would like conquer eu ? 
  and have feels that they can do it ? 
  except of germany ? 
  one of the best imho . 
  at least he can talk without prompters and notes . 
  was n't it former polish president [ kwa\u015bniewski ] ( http://joemonster.org/art/33948 ) ? 
  come and see and then judge . 
  you can use vpn and a translation engine . 
   \u0160vejk is considered one of most important czech literary characters in here . 
  i know - but please answer that question :  how is \u0160vejk received by czechs ? 
  is n't he just a little bit of czech archetype seen by czechs themselves ? 
  resembles a good soldier [ \u0160vejk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_good_soldier_\u0160vejk ) , imho . 
  and how is \u0160vejk received by czechs ? 
  is n't he just a little bit of czech archetype seen by czechs themselves ? 
  what is strange i knew about it and i sometimes correct others in this matter . 
  the reason is probably 1 ) i send it from my phone , 2 ) my english is poor and i 'm trying to be super correct , 3 ) thus intentionally choosed ' \u0144 ' in place of 'n' . 
  but it 's hard to find explain , 
  kwidzy\u0144 , poland . 
  the toilet is the tower in front . 
  droppings fell into the moat . 
   im extreamly worried for my generation . 
  what generation you are and why are you worried ? 
   why do older people dislike pis so much compared to other age groups ? 
  they are the part of the population that is stick to the limited sources of information like tv or radio sources . 
   and criminalised in the late 17th and early 18th centuries . 
  sources ? 
   we imposed border controls and that seemed to have stopped most from coming . 
  good news imho . 
   merkel is pragmatic i agree and i hope she is . 
  for me she is good for german industry , but also responsible for the refugee issue . 
  but if germans would choose people like schultz or other extremists - situation for poland and eu would be worse . 
  so - i do n't agree with her on refugee politics but she is the best from the basket we can choose . 
   france is moving in an anti polish direction for some reason . 
  i do n't get it , for me france is not working as a country and needs scapegoat or easy explanation for that situation . 
  examples like ` refugees ' in calais that are terrorising truck drivers , lack of secure for drivers that are driving thru france with foreign goods , etc. 
  i would not take france seriosly - they have thiers 5 minutes because young , new , energetic president , but at the end - they follow germans rule . 
  i 'm looking for anti-german narrative , but found these : 1 ) first link :  the germans , he went on to say , should have as many rights as the poles in germany ; this `` asymmetry '' needs to stop . 
  is it anti-german sentiment example ? 
  2 ) second link - for me it 's article full of overal oppinions and biased thesis without sources - such as ` pis has a long tradition of hostility towards berlin , in part to please its more nationalist supporters . 
  ' , followed by examples like ` so when german-born politicians led a chorus of eu ' - without giving any names of this politicans or context . 
  for me it 's just an opinion , blog or felietion - not a reliable article . 
  i do n't want to read the third - sorry . 
  i know that the engine that is running the eu is germany . 
  we can take many because of cooperation with them . 
  but expressing our own thoughts is not anti-german i hope . 
  i agree that currently governing elites in eu do n't like our current government . 
  i hope they will be changed , 
   germany and sweden got stuck with hundreds of thousands of migrants that we never really wanted so the german position is understandable . 
  the answer to this question lies in the answer - why do these people want to settle in germany and sweden ? 
  as for me - this is the amount of goods they get for free , such as - pocket money , free houses , reunification of families , money paid to families with children and so on . 
  if the conditions for refugees would be similar to those in turkish camps , there would be a reduction in the number of people risking their lives to come to paradise in germany or in sweden . 
  please - change it . 
   pis seems intent on destroying that relationship . 
  why do you think so ? 
  seriously - does poland try to destroy good relationship with germany ? 
  hope we do n't . 
   hostile position against germany imho it 's based on the contrary to the feeling that former government met all requests from german government needs . 
  and do n't agreeing for some of german government ideas like quota system is not a ` hostile position against germany ' imho . 
  it seems that even the [ jews themselves can not decide whether the behavior of the hungarian government is anti-semitic or not ] ( http://www.jpost.com/diaspora/chief-rabbi-govt-at-odds-on-whether-anti-soros-campaign-is-antisemitic-499199 ) . 
  one rabbi says ` it is ' , another rabbi says ` it is not ' . 
  imho it 's better to leave the matter to the jews and not to engage ? 
  you can be accused of anti-semitism by expressing unequivocal opinion  by one or other side . 
  it seems that even the [ jews themselves can not decide whether the behavior of the hungarian government is anti-semitic or not ] ( http://www.jpost.com/diaspora/chief-rabbi-govt-at-odds-on-whether-anti-soros-campaign-is-antisemitic-499199 ) . 
  one rabbi says ` it is ' , another rabbi says ` it is not ' . 
  imho it 's better to leave the matter to the jews and not to engage ? 
  you can be accused of anti-semitism by expressing unequivocal opinion  by one or other side . 
  exactly . 
  but it 's sensitive subject for today 's lithuanians - all posts about history of belarus is downloaded . 
  but we know the history . 
  greetings from poland to former gdl !, 
   most of what is modern belarus used to be inhabited by balts . 
  seriously ? 
  belarus is the producer of the biggest dump truck - [ belaz 75710 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dptbk92vpb4 ) . 
   poor trolling mate what is untruth ? 
  [ history of belarus in 5 minutes ( with english subtitles ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxlagbg9qkm ) . 
   was one of the the languages it was ruthenian language ( old belarusian ) until 1696 and polish after it . 
  and obviously latin was used as lingua franca at that times . 
  it is the people and lands of the former grand duchy of lithuania . 
  their language was the language officialy used in gdofl . 
  we were once connected in one respublic - rzeczypospolita . 
   became quite patriotic in wake of ww2 . 
  you mean september 39 ? 
  if so , please take into account that poland was divided between national-socialist germany and communist-socialist russia . 
  the part occupied by the ussr was larger than the part occupied by germany . 
  most of the jews lived on the part of the communists . 
  there are many testimonies about their attitude to their polish neighbors . 
  i do not know if you have read today 's statement of the leader of the kukiz group 15 - one of the organizations having representation in parliament : ( google translator ) : july 10 , 1941 ... pogrom in jedwabne ... 
  the story is terrible , dark , devilish ... 300 jews - including women and children - were burnt alive in the barn .
