  hope this one is not on the same level of raliability as the mentioned before . 
   probably a good part of it considering that 70 % of italians own their own home . 
  we are quite comparable : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:ch03m03_pf15.png . 
  on the other hand imho we ca n't compare the cost of homes . 
   i 'm talking about cases like these , this article was written based on the words of polish group leader . 
  before the initiation of the investigation by the police and the prosecution . 
  during the hearing the victim portuguese found out that he was not beaten . 
  he could not be beaten by a soldier , who was accused and as it turned out he was not in the hotel at that time . 
  on the other hand , it is strange for me that in this subreddit the article was not banned - as referred to the local news . 
  according to me it confirms the suspicion of intentional , non-objective selecting articles that are not banned . 
   ( thinking your country is better ) have you ever met a pole that expresses such a statement ? 
  it seems that most part of these people were ukrainians . 
  have you been there ? 
  what percentage of that people were czechians ? 
  me too . 
  let 's say - weather in winter . 
  marvelous suggestion . 
  the food , weather , wind of history a lot of free time and no responsibility . 
  we do not need to be greedy and we do not have to go to germany - money does n't make the world go round , 
  life is hard in ee . 
  i sometimes think about giving up all of this . 
  all that duties and work . 
  and go to a long vacation . 
  ^ ^ just ^ ^ buy ^ ^ a ^ ^ refugee ^ ^ passport ^ ^ and ^ ^ go ^ ^ to ^ ^ a ^ ^ journey . 
  it 's easier to grow from lower level . 
  my question was :  why do you - russian - still worship to them ? 
   you [ ... ] assume that the fine is meant to cover the cost arising from hosting a person who got asylum rights . 
  how do you draw that conclusion ? 
  for my ear a little bit funny sound ` druzina ' and ` sw\u00f3j\u017aba ' . 
   ... and ? 
  i think it is interesting , 
  please see the pictures from the article . 
  hope they are self-explanatory . 
  gdp of germany is comparable with sum of gdps from 19 other eu countries ( seen on the last picture ) . 
  google translation : eurostat has just published gdp data for the entire european union in 2016 . 
  he also added the division of this gdp into individual countries . 
  the german economy accounts for more than 20 percent of the total . 
  this is much more than all central european countries combined . 
  germany 's economy in 2016 accounted for 21.1 percent of all eu gdp . 
  poland is 2.9 percent of the eu economy . 
  economically , germans are more than 7 times larger than us . 
  but that does not seem to surprise anyone . 
  share of eu states in total eu gdp share of eu countries in total eu gdp : eurostat it is interesting to do when on the map of europe we try to find combinations of states that would economically match the germans . 
  let 's start with the visegrad group . 
  if we add czech republic , slovakia and hungary to poland , do we catch up with germany 's economic potential ? 
  as it turns out , not too much . 
  gdp of germany and visegrad group countries in 2016 gdp of germany and visegrad group countries in 2016 data : eurostat the visegrad group in total is only 5.4 % of the entire eu economy . 
  if she were a single country , she would not only be behind germany , but also behind britain , france , italy and spain . 
  let 's continue . 
  let us add the baltic and balkan countries to the visegrad group . 
  whole central europe , which entered the eu in 2004 and later . 
  11 countries : poland , czech republic , slovakia , hungary plus lithuania , latvia and estonia plus slovenia and croatia plus romania and bulgaria . 
  11 countries together it must be something big . 
  and actually it is , but not as big as germany . 
  the gdp of germany and the total gdp of central european countries that belong to the eu gdp of germany and total gdp of central european countries , which belong to the eu data : eurostat the economy of germany is almost three times larger than the economy of central europe . 
  and this only accounts for 8 percent of gdp across the european union . 
  so it is bigger than spain but still smaller than italy or france . 
  let 's take another step . 
  let 's add all the eu countries that lie to the east ( even minimal ) from germany . 
  we add finland , sweden , austria , greece and cyprus to the previous eleven . 
  that 's a total of sixteen countries . 
  gdp of germany and 16 eu countries lying east of germany gdp of germany and 16 eu countries lying east of germany data : eurostat it turns out that sixteen eu countries give only 16 percent of eu gdp . 
  still clearly less than germany . 
  so what needs to happen to catch up with the germans ? 
  we have to add denmark , ireland and portugal to the previous sixteenth . 
  and then there is a tie . 
  the gdp of germany is the same as the total gdp of 19 other eu member states the gdp of germany is the same as the total gdp of 19 other eu countries : eurostat this should explain why germany 's position in the european union is so dominant . 
  politically , of course , everyone is equal , but in terms of money and economic potential , the germans in the union weigh as many as 19 other states combined . 
  / u/iwanttosaysmth - really ? 
  here ? 
  you want to discuss such a complicated issue in the / r/europe ? 
  giving only a fragment of the movie ? 
  what is the ` lone parent family ' ? 
  family with a ) single ( mum , dad ) parent and children ? 
  or b ) a family without children . 
  if it 's a ) than it 's hard to believe in the data for poland . 
  i have many friends with children and only small part of them are single mum with children . 
   of course a polish newspaper would say that ... of course ... from german side of media . 
   the truth . 
  if it is the truth . 
   against what ? 
  it really does n't make a difference , legally speaking . 
  that he was insane at the time of the crime and was in a state of intense emotional distress . 
   according to the attorney it was it could be a good way of defence . 
  i do n't know the truth for sure . 
  but this explanation has some weak points imho : 1 . 
  it fits the narration of german media about incidents with muslims ( trying to find any other reason that could excuse the attacker ) . 
  it 's done imho to calm down german society . 
  it 's good line of defence . 
  there is testimonies of her friend that she was complaining that he ` constantly confesses her love and torments her ' . 
  so i personally do n't believe in it . 
  and let 's not forget that this woman had family , had 4 children and such a accusations could make a sorrow for them . 
  according to polish [ newspapers ] ( http://www.fakt.pl/wydarzenia/polska/morderstwo-polki-jolanty-k-w-niemczech-dozywocie-dla-zabojcy/7evd3cj ) she was not his ` girlfriend ' . 
   she complained to her friend she was working with a 21-year-old syrian who constantly confesses her love and torments her . 
  a friend of hers defended jola in the media , claiming that he had not linked to muhamed any romance - as some have suggested . 
  on the day of his death , on july 24 , jola called agnieszka and revealed that she was afraid of muhammad because he behaved like a drunk . 
  after that the man attacked few other people by knife - it 's hard to believe that they were also his girls or boy friends . 
  it could be his way of defending . 
  unfair is imho using this phrase by journalists . 
  according to polish [ newspapers ] ( http://www.fakt.pl/wydarzenia/polska/morderstwo-polki-jolanty-k-w-niemczech-dozywocie-dla-zabojcy/7evd3cj ) she was not his ` girlfriend ' .
