  let me ensure you that i 'm not taking part in it . 
  please try to answer my question once again :  what word should i use , according to you , in this case to not be judged as ` government propaganda ' by you ? 
  if it was not , than ok . 
  what word should i use , according to you , in this case to not be judged as ` government propaganda ' by you ? 
   `` but they lynch negroes '' what a not-smart statement . 
  we are talking here about hypocrisy of eu supervisors towards the same activity of different governments . 
  the only criterion is not a law but ` us and them ' imho . 
  when po broke constitution , none was interested , when opposition - pis - is doing it , they are using the heaviest weapon . 
  really ? 
  did not they decide , in their own circle , to leave two from the politicaly choosen three ? 
  edit :  that 's how it is supposed to work . 
  really ? 
  never ignored rulling of they choosen ct judges . 
  just added some of ` independend ' ones to have majority and rule next elections . 
  i 'm not trying to justify action nor po nor pis . 
  for me it 's just strange , that eu politicians reacted so strongly only for actions one of them . 
  and did nothing for the same action of their colleagues from former government . 
  [ here ] ( http://wyborcza.pl/1,75968,17780879,wybierzmy_sedziow_bez_polityki___oswiadczenie_bylych.html ) you have an article from 2015 when po was rulling , written by former ceos of constitutional tribunal that imho calling for choosing another judges from bunch of people supporting they political point of view . 
  and to let them paralyse future government . 
  put attention on words they used : enjoying the highest authority , responsible for the shape of the legal standards of polish democracy , guaranteeing the protection of fundamental rights , the best interests of the public , to ensure compliance with the constitution , ensure the protection of the highest legal standards , legal outstanding preparation , experience , independence and impartiality . 
  the choice should be based on sound and transparent as possible objectified . 
  imho even people with vile and particularistic interests can use such a noble slogans . 
   because world waited until the ct ruling let me laugh discreetly . 
  welcome to the real world . 
  usually political slogans did not describe real attitude . 
  please do not take it literally . 
  imho all the mess started when previous government realised that they will not win next election and decided to choose another three ` independed ' judges from their bunch for constitutional tribunal . 
  they do that and none from eu politics or worldwide media had seen an issue about that . 
  it 's hard to not see that it works like that : 1 . something wrong happened . 
  roger - we acknowledge it - but who did it ? 
  one from us or them ? 
  3 . a ) them - just escalate the issue . 
  b ) ours - nothing happend . 
  for me it 's just a hipocrisy . 
  once upon a time [ zaporozhian cossacks send an reply ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reply_of_the_zaporozhian_cossacks ) to arrogant statement of turkish sultan . 
  thank you for your invitation - unfortunatelly catholicism is not a big part in my daily life . 
  i just do n't like anti-catholic sentiment that spreads here . 
  thanks again . 
  i do n't have access to the full text you linked , but judging from title - it 's not reliable article . 
  actually the pope [ said ] ( http://www.thinkingfaith.org/articles/20130919_1.htm ) :  `` we can not insist only on issues related to abortion , gay marriage and the use of contraceptive methods . 
  this is not possible . 
  i have not spoken much about these things , and i was reprimanded for that . 
  but when we speak about these issues , we have to talk about them in a context . 
  the teaching of the church , for that matter , is clear and i am a son of the church , but it is not necessary to talk about these issues all the time . '', 
   `` the dogmatic and moral teachings of the church are not all equivalent . 
  the church 's pastoral ministry can not be obsessed with the transmission of a disjointed multitude of doctrines to be imposed insistently . 
  proclamation in a missionary style focuses on the essentials , on the necessary things : this is also what fascinates and attracts more , what makes the heart burn , as it did for the disciples at emmaus . 
  we have to find a new balance ; otherwise even the moral edifice of the church is likely to fall like a house of cards , losing the freshness and fragrance of the gospel . 
  the proposal of the gospel must be more simple , profound , radiant . 
  it is from this proposition that the moral consequences then flow . '', 
  imho it is not the same as the title : ` pope says church is ` obsessed ' with gays , abortion and birth control ' . 
  imho poles do n't envy czechs anything and there is nothing that we could take over from you . 
  according to me , poles are not very religious and we treat religion rather as a habit and cultural continuity . 
  church in poland is considered as a safe , patriotic and loyal place , unlike in czechia . 
  and i would rather not get rid of it . 
  bless you , 
   wan na try something new ? 
  skoda ? 
  what do you mean by saying ` they ' ? 
  for me it 's the persons giving their thoughts in this article and people like you from this subreddit . 
  they seems to be people with mission and anti-catholic militia at the best case , 
  yes it is optional only in big cities ( 400k and above ) . 
  so many non-catholic people seems to be concerned about situation in polish catholic church and their relation with pope francis . 
  muhammad and sacred stone in mecca ? 
  catechism classes are optional in poland . 
  they are also conducted in other european countries . 
   gay marriage . 
   he has also been skeptical of abortion extremism . 
  could you provide sources ? 
  what he said exactly ? 
   so he probably was n't very enthusiastic about the treaty himself . 
  it seems that you can speak only bad about pis or not at all . 
  it depends what is the definition of being eurosceptic . 
  if beeing proeuro means that one should accept all policy coming from merkel - such as ` open gates ' and break a law to let migrants enter our soil without any checking , than they could be considered as eurosceptics . 
  there is a lot of hate from current ruling politics in europe toward pis . 
  the hate is seen in european media too . 
  the truth is that the pis president ( lech kaczy\u0144ski ) signed the lisbon treaty for poland ( which was not popular for society ) . 
   big economic success that the eu membership helped poland achieve [ gdp growth ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/poland/gdp-per-capita ) did not change significantly after the accession to the eu ( guess the year of accesion from this chart ) . 
   anti-eu sentiment is so strong there ? 
  it 's not true . 
  why do you have such an impression ? 
  you are right . 
  but some western politicians want us to take them ( and probably keep by force ) . 
   `` a bmw driver then accelerated and mowed him [ the attacker ] down . 
  after that he was lying on the ground , not moving . '', 
  sounds like fragment of stephen king 's novel . 
  i googled some information for you . 
  it seems , that la stampa did not use his words correctly imho . 
  [ here ] ( http://press.vatican.va/content/salastampa/en/bollettino/pubblico/2016/07/23/160723a.html ) is the fragment of raport by ft. pawel rytel-andrianik :  thanks to the generosity of polish catholics it has been possible to help refugees from sudan , nigeria , egypt , lebanon , syria and iraq . 
  polish bishops , from 2009 , have organised collections in their dioceses in aid of refugees , which are available not only to christians . 
  gratitude is owed to catholics in poland for having raised , in 2014 alone , more than 5 million zloty ( 1.2 million euros ) for refugees . 
  caritas in poland currently assists more than 3000 people annually , from africa , eastern europe and elsewhere . 
  strange , is n't it ? 
  it 's hard to compete in criterion of offered goods . 
  i 'm not sure if this is the same migrants , but in local news it was popular subject some time [ ago - ( one example ) ] ( http://wiadomosci.wp.pl/kat,1019407,title,uchodzcy-ktorych-przyjeli-polacy-uciekli-za-granice-to-juz-kilkanascie-syryjskich-rodzin,wid,17838111,wiadomosc.html?ticaid=1176c2&amp;_ticrsn=3 ) :  in recent days , there was much talk-among about the escape to germany a [ syrian ] family of five from srem , taken by one of their local parish . 
  according to information from `` portal \u015aremski '' , the refugees were provided with very good conditions - an apartment in one of the newer blocks housing fully equipped and meals . 
  children are provided education in a catholic school , and parents jobs . 
  despite this , the family without explanation fled in the direction of germany . 
   they had been provided with all , the boys even got bikes from us . 
  we took care of it so that they can watch on tv arabic channel , to know what is happening in their homeland - told in an interview with radio mercury rev. . richard adamczak , parson .
