  but for romanians it is acceptable talking about romanians when the aggresors were gypsy . 
  but in the case of france you can talk about nationality - in this case - immigrants from getto . 
  it 's a hyporcrysy imho . 
  romanians or ee could not afford such a priviledge . 
  now you can ban me . 
   ... no , i have talked , to great length i would say , about that reform , which consists of a bit more than just the change from 6-3-3 ( 4 ) to 8-4 ( 5 ) . 
  man - this is the clue of that reform . 
  how to organise primary school in poland . 
  if it should be 3-tiers or 2-tiers . 
  i realy appreciate that even germans like you would like to take a part in this discussion and give a voice for this reform . 
  really , really appreciate . 
  but please - write what should we do ? 
  what should we choose ? 
  what is your option as a german that we should accept ? 
  3-tiers or 2-tiers ? 
  be a man and chose . 
  and tell us - poles what is the best choise . 
   my thoughts are that in general , any kind of kind of cutbacks will have to be justified when it comes to education . 
  first of all - you given up talk about reform of polish educational system . 
  could you comment my previous question : if so - why according to you 8 -4 ( 5 ) education is worst than 6 - 3 - 3 ( 4 ) ? 
  do you know anything about the merit of this discussion ? 
  or are you the one that have many words to say without any knowledge ? 
  i 'm asking once againg - do you have any merit arguments ? 
  if you do n't have any - please take your time , read and try to respond to my previous questios . 
    and please consider that other countries do n't even try to judge german 's educational system . 
   ha , we wish . 
  seriously ? 
  are there any users in / r/europe or evidence that people from other nationality dare to question , query , challange , dispute , contest , argue and controvert educational system in germany as you do forward to poland ? 
  if so - please give the citations . 
  and by the way - who are you - to do that ? 
   dude , you have n't even yet responded to our earlier discussion about portraying multiple povs . 
  do n't do this to yourself , it does n't make you look very good . 
  where ? 
  and please write your own thoughts about polish reform of education . 
  for sure you have some . 
  agree that this article , comments and discussion is quite biased . 
  we need someone that could do science work and would like to point all of the pro and cons of current proposition of polish government reform . 
  would you dare ? 
  if so - why according to you 8 -4 ( 5 ) education is worst than 6 - 3 - 3 ( 4 ) ? 
  please use merit arguments . 
  and please consider that other countries do n't even try to judge german 's educational system . 
  easy man please . 
  calm down . 
   opposing the denial of facts ? 
   reduction of a whole year of education , ? 
   and elimination of critical parts of sex ed ? 
   shutting down schools and taking away jobs from teachers you mean shutting down because of demografy or because of reform ? 
   `` we want children finishing school to value their mother tongue and culture , with all its heritage , '' that is really awfully facist statement . 
  / s  `` we want to step away from common education methods that are all about taking tests . '' what 's wrong with that ? 
  how do you manage to keep your physicians in lithuania ? 
   part of a `` cultural counter-revolution '' promised by jaroslaw kaczynski , chairman of the ruling law and justice party . 
  it was orban words and he was reffering to after-brexit europe . 
  during conference with kaczynski :  it is not modern to be a pole , a czech , hungarian . 
  it is not modern - to be a christian . 
  in place of this , a new identity raised : the european . 
  it was accelerated . 
  a brexit talking about what ? 
  the british said : no . 
  they wanted to remain british . 
  there is a possibility of cultural counter-revolution . 
  there is no such thing as a european identity . 
  there are poles and hungarians . 
  one can agree with them or not . 
  but cutting words without context and building on it a rethoric suggesting nazi-like connotations are not fair imho . 
  the same manipulation is used by authors by citing a woman :  `` i 'm afraid [ the reforms ] will turn children into young nationalists , not patriots , '' she says . 
  `` it 's about raising a human being who is obedient , xenophobic , traditionalist , extremely catholic , without any european values . ''  ms korulska worries that the government 's plans for schools to spend much more time on history lessons and rewrite the history curriculum are aimed at creating a `` new pole '' . 
  for me it 's just a biased article without any will to show different povs . 
  just one-side narrative that fit to narrow agenda . 
   ukrainians are not liked in poland . 
  they are supported because they are anti-russian and nothing else . 
  its just the normal the enemy of my enemy is my friend situation . 
  everyone who hates russians becomes best friends of poles instantly . 
  are you russian ? 
   i 'm starting to feel bad for them . 
  they get beaten up for not recognizing crimea is russian . 
  they get beaten up for not recognizing the independence of the donbass region . 
  and now this !, 
  i 'm really sorry for them . 
  imho ukrainians are liked here in poland . 
  and such a behaviour is marginal . 
  fyi the attackers were jailed and are waiting for a trial . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5khrse/seven_young_men_set_fire_to_a_homeless_pole_on/ ) is example of such a post that was removed becouse of ` local crime ' . 
  is n't it a local news ? 
  because we all know and agree that we have the same rules and rights for both genders in poland . 
  only countries with some problems in this area can think that it 's ` very important ' . 
  / s but more seriously - here you have some reserch : [ genderr statistics at regional level ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/gender_statistics_at_regional_level ) - regarding not on the declarative level but on facts . 
  and poland do n't differs much from other countries . 
  sell poland at yalta conference . 
  call them soviets ( thanks god - not communists that time ) . 
  that what i was talking about . 
  i have some friends in poland with black and brown skin . 
  they were born here and considered themselfs as poles . 
  they were treated as poles . 
  and for me it 's quite obvious . 
  as for the first generation immigrants we have people from ukraine in poland and they are living here , considering themselfs being one of us ( not poles - none exptect this ) . 
  but when i see some news from germany or sweden it seems to be quite different . 
  probably we did not reach the critical mass of different cultures . 
   censored pictures of attackers how ? 
  i ca n't find anything . 
   i would simply say it has to do with the level of integration .
