  poland loses in the call to the eternal marshal the creator of his new state and his most faithful son . 
  together with the polish nation , the german people celebrate the mourning of the death of this great patriot who , through his full understanding of his cooperation with germany , has donated not only great service to our countries , but has contributed in the most valuable way to calming europe . 
  `` to pilsudski 's wife , hitler wrote : `` sad news about the death of your wife , his excellency marshal pilsudski , touched me very painfully . 
  very honorable , venerable lady and her family will accept the words of my deep compassion . 
  i will retain the character of the deceased in his grateful memory . '', 
   hitler also participated in mass in honor of the marshal , which was celebrated on may 18 , 1935 in the cathedral of sts . 
  jadwiga in berlin at the symbolic coffin of j\u00f3zef pi\u0142sudski . 
  representatives of the third reich took part in the ceremony . 
  joseph goebbels , konstantin von neurath and senior representatives of the nsdap and the wehrmacht , as well as the apostolic nuncio in germany cesare orsenigo . 
  after the service , two wehrmacht companies gave military honors . 
   after the capture by the german army of cracow on 6 september 1939 , at the command of hitler , the german commander general werner kienitz went to wawel and laid a wreath at marshal pi\u0142sudski 's grave in the crypt under the silver bells tower ; and before the crypt , a german honor guard was issued . 
  i am not sure whether there are restrictions on the purchase of agricultural land by foreigners in poland . 
  but even then you can come here and work as farm workers . 
  our farmers have the lack of hands to work  you are welcome here . 
   where do they get big free houses with cleaning stuff ? 
  after asking google ` refugee cleaning demands ' there are many links . 
  in one of them :  `` this is going too far . 
  students are supposed to make beds and do cleaning work at a refugee shelter . 
  my friend 's 14-year-old son is being asked to do this !!!, 
  i am not an agitator and i am tolerant , but this is going way too far . 
  is there now a new course in l\u00fcbeck schools called : slavery ??? 
   and where do they get citizenship ? 
  in germany they can apply for it after six years afair . 
   you limit welfare to citizens or foreigners who have paid in to the system for 5 years . 
  no incentives for immigrants without employable skills = no economic migrants who have no chance of getting a job and integrating . 
  we continue to send foreign aide to countries neighbouring warzones to help those who have fled war . 
  we have a lottery so take some families from these camps after they have been extreeeeemely vetted . 
  public votes on how many migrants to take . 
  the number is dependant on calculation that determines how much money it will take to care for these families until they integrate . 
  we have plans for what happens of they do n't integrate and zero tolerance for crimes . 
  is it the solution that works for your country - or it 's just your proposal how it should work ? 
  if the second - imho if they are real refugees - then they would not need big free houses with cleaning stuff , family reunification , pocket money , citizenships etc. 
  all they need is food and shelter . 
  they should be returned to their countries as the war is stopped . 
  they will not chose your countries when environment you offering would be lowered and would be similar for for example the one in turkey . 
   stop the migrant wave let a few drown for me it is much simpler . 
  this is not a mutually exclusive alternative - 1 ) ` we accept all ' vs 2 ) ` we sink the boat ' . 
  according to me the magnet that attracts all these poor people from all over the world is the amount of goods and profits that they can get from some of eu countries . 
  proposal ? 
  reduce the amount of goods , free money and other profits in countries like germany or sweden and it will cause to stop flowing . 
   i knew it migrants are to be blamed really ? 
   fear of xenophobia will get europe killed so what should we do ? 
  increase the number of migrants from other cultures ? 
  the information comes from the famous and respected [ robert koch institute ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/robert_koch_institute ) . 
  i have tried to find any information from ` respected ' and ` recognized ' sources of information , unfortunately i did not find one . 
  here is a translation from a locally recognized polish portal ( sorry for mistakes ) : according to the report robert koch institute , quoted by the latest edition of `` gazeta polska '' , in the last two years in germany noted the rapid development of dangerous infectious diseases . 
  `` gazeta polska '' discusses the annual report of infectious diseases epidemiology published in germany on july 12 , 2017 . 
  according to a report from 2015 . 
  in germany has significantly increased the number of cases of epidemic conjunctivitis , chicken pox , cholera , cryptosporidiosis , dengue and echinococcosis . 
  there has been a clear increase in the number of infections hantawirusowych , infectious hepatitis , botulism , hantavirus pulmonary syndrome and much more frequent occurrence shigatoxigenic and verotoxigenic escherichia coli and haemophilus influenzae . 
  there was also an unexpected increase in the incidence of giardiasis , hiv / aids , tuberculosis , leprosy , typhoid epidemic , measles , meningococcal meningitis , encephalitis , mumps , paratyphoid fever , rubella , dysentery , syphilis , toxoplasmosis , trichinosis , tuberculosis , tularemia , typhus and whooping cough . 
  the ` gazeta polska ' argues that there can not be a coincidence either , nor the statistical error . 
  `` gazeta polska '' gives the example number of cases of hepatitis b - increased from 755 in 2014 . 
  3006 to 2016. , and the number of measles patients , which at that time increased in as much as 450 percent . 
  `` gazeta polska '' quotes dr. michael melter from an academic hospital in regensburg , who in 2015 talked about the fact that migrants admitted into the facility appear there with the disease almost unprecedented in germany . 
  ` with some of these diseases i had no contact from 20-25 years . 
  and many of my younger colleagues at all never seen them ' - quotes the doctor ` gazeta polska ' . 
  lord voldemort ? 
  i hope we will not again experience the lessons from germany . 
  as more - these instructions are outdated because they were unvoted by our president today . 
  imho if you would like to lecture someone please look at yourself - you seems to be an authoritarian state , full of censorship of multimedia and full self-examination of their own opinions . 
  as for me , you are in an fully authoritarian state like the iii-rd reich . 
  can we help you somehow ? 
  not because of the language used but the problem description . 
   poland is good now , because they want to settle it with brown people this time , that is not true imho . 
  germany gives and promesing free money and free goods for all of the poor people . 
  and your country is the magnet that attract them . 
  i do n't know what is your goal . 
  but you are the reason to destroy european countries for the next time . 
  why do you do that ? 
  yes it is . 
  nazi ( checked ) antisemitic ( checked ) nazi ( checked again ) conspiracy ( checked ) bullshit ( checked ) so once again - try to explain - why do you think that my message was ` nazi ' this time please try to use arguments - not insults or buzzwords . 
   maybe it 's because the media is controlled by one and the same people which control merkel and are pushing a narrative with aim of ethnic replacement despite public displeasurenover that ? 
  okay , i guess it is just coincidence . 
  is it nazi ? 
   pretty much looks like a circle . 
  good [ approximation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cantor%27s_paradox ) but i hope that you are not trying to excuse naive attack from / u/iiowoii . 
   nazi . 
  again - why ? 
  why do you think so ? 
   nazi . 
  why ? 
  you r right imho . 
  upvoted . 
   they will become the new french , but instead of strikes its protests . 
  and all of it is just to show solidarity - really appreciated . 
  the next agenda of demonstration in poland will be at the tenth of august . 
  hope romanians will support poles at that time too . 
  the text is by the paywall for me . 
  the polish president said last week that he would not sign the bill if he did not have a record of 3/5 votes . 
  it did not and therefore he vetoed it . 
  and it was the main reason . 
  admit that you just like to protest , 
   i do n't understand how can youpeople even compare current situation in poland to iv reich . 
  no one does it . 
  by writing about the iv reich i write about germany . 
  this proposal is similar to the one used in germany . 
   cuz poland was nice to trump and building of iv reich is not so easy , 
   german constitutional judges ca n't be arbitrarily dismissed at all . 
  i do not know the german constitution - in poland , when changing the law on the courts , the judges can retire .
