  or is it so that every religion ceos declares the number of the faithful . 
  if this is so , whether such investigations concern only the catholics or also other believers such as muslims , jews , orthodox , lutherans and other denominations ? 
  in poland we have muslim minorities that lives with us for almost 700 years . 
  they are well integrated . 
  they had they own law and could cultivate their religion without any restrictions . 
  they are muslims till today . 
  they have their own customs and beliefs but they are polish . 
  they do not shoot to innocent people in the name of their god or prophet . 
  they do not blow up innocent people according to mad prophets . 
  they do not cut heads of random citizens.they have their holly book but they do not force us to be muslims . 
  they are respectful and important part of our society . 
  hopefully we do n't have any extremists here in poland and we do need them . 
  like in the rest of europe or even world . 
  for sure we will not trying to find excuse to behaviour of such of people . 
  stay in peace wherever you are . 
  not exactly - like comrade lenin said almost 100 years ago : ` the capitalists will sell us the rope with which we will hang them . 
  sorry for sayin that , but despite of saying truisms , you are just yet another incarnation of [ useful idiot ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/useful_idiot ) for our modern times . 
  i put the thesis that israel law is based on sacred jewish law . 
  can you find any exceptions ? 
   why does asking for two large beers in slovak sound strange to polish ears ? 
  not at all . 
  i would emphasize that i remember slovak language from drinking and ordering your great beer . 
  and you could be right - it was not ` co se patrzy ' but ` nech se patrzy ' - but in this context it is the same . 
  let 's prey it would not be your or my land . 
   many people do n't realize israel does n't represent all of judaism in which criterion israel does not represent judaism ? 
  could you give some of examples that modern israel law violate the eternal written or spoken jews law ? 
  i have visited your country many times . 
  it was great time  for me most impressive was the statement at shop staffs , when i was in and gently wait for my time . 
  and then suddenly simple and sharp ask : ` co sie patrzy ' ? 
  in polish it means ` what are you staring at ' ? 
  ahh - i thought and after while just escaped . 
  ( in slovakian it means - what can i do for you afaik ) . 
  the second one was when we were talking at the table with slovaks about being in foreign countries . 
  he said that once he was living with poles and they were talking what to do in the night . 
  ` szuka\u0107 ' - you know what does it mean , and ` beautiful ' in polish ( \u0142adne ) sounds in slovakian like a vadn\u00e9 - ` withered ' . 
  he decided to go to sleep . 
  and you know - the slovak sentence i remember till today is : ` prosime dva velke capovane piva ' - or samething like that . 
  / u/abvinito has deleted his post . 
  here is my response :  i do n't have time for conspiracy nonsense , antisemitism , and unworkable ideas . 
  maybe you could find some time to extend your eristics , personal accusations and the rest of the slogans . 
   do n't believe in god . 
  that 's all bronze-aged nonsense for stupid and/or lazy people . 
  unfortunately todays israel is based on it . 
   if you would like to get rid of todays israel - what to do with all of your people living there for 40 years ? 
    take the metric shit-ton of money we have ( ~ $ 1.3 trillion usd ) and buy/build in some poor country with semi-decent weather ( maybe south america and/or southern africa ) . 
  if you include not only our business wealth , but the wealth of individuals , we have more money than all of the wealthiest countries in the middle east combined . 
  money can buy anything you need . 
  we have half the population of nyc , and 4 times the income . 
  how can we not sort that out ? 
  it sounds like a conspiracy theory . 
  i can only watch that boasts from distance i hope . 
  but for real - where would you like to buy your next land ? 
  have you talked to natives ? 
  it is really great news for you imho . 
  you can get israel citizenship with that . 
  and you can robber and still whatever you want in ireland and then you can just escape with your money to israel . 
  and you are free as a jew , because israel do not give guilties or suspicious citizens to other countries jurisdiction . 
  it was the same in poland - for example : a war criminal [ salomon morel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salomon_morel ) escaped to israel and lived in israel with polish pension to his death , or less important jews thefts like : [ bagsik ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bogus%c5%82aw_bagsik ) or [ gasiorowski ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/andre_gasiorowski ) . 
  is it not considered to be great to be sorry about it in your country ? 
  we are taught how to be one of the ` intelligent , educated from a big town ' by ` ours ' media if we are sorry . 
  it is quite interesting who is jew and who is not . 
  according to orthodox jews : one is jew if he/she have a jewish mother or grandmother . 
  according to law of secular israeli state you are jew : if you have a jewish mother or grandmother . 
  in this case you are jew and you have a [ right to return ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/law_of_return ) to secular israel . 
  in both cases you are not consider a jew if you do not meet one of the conditions . 
  jews was an diaspora living in different countries and not integrating with natives during centuries and even millennials . 
  there was other places supported by jews to settle the jewish people nowadays - for example : to create judeopolonia in eastern europe , in madagascar or in jewish autonomous oblast in ussr . 
  but it did not work . 
  on the other hand israel and her todays land is the land that is promised by your g-d . 
  written and measured in your holy book . 
  nowdays israel was created with violation of people living there for thousands years . 
  if you would like to get rid of todays israel - what to do with all of your people living there for 40 years ? 
   what ok . 
  i could be wrong . 
  no - i did n't mean that . 
  i have the feeling that one can say only good things about jews . 
  or stay in silence . 
  you are imho just brave . 
  not understendng is our job . 
  and your job is not ` not getting jokes ' but giving poor ones . 
  and this one was quite sophisticated . 
  we were the slaves earlier in the ` global ' market led by the same persons . 
  thanks god we do n't have to apologise and pay for that today . 
   and jews took a large involvement in the american slave trade . 
  everyone 's an evil wanker , at the end of the day . 
  and now you are the antisemite . 
  you are brave or crazy . 
   my grandma was turned into a bar of soap when she was only 6 years old . 
  just six !!!, 
  if i count well , your grandmother gave birth to one of your parents at the age of six years . 
  or she was younger ? 
  i remember big eyes of the guide in the slovakian tatra monastery ruins , when a polish kid sit down on the ground , started digging and shouting ` i 'm looking for treasuries ' . 
  maybe their kids do not love their parents and the parents do not love their kids in the same way as the rest of the world . 
  you may be right - i got the same feeling reading the posts on index.hr . 
  i do not want to put anything to your balcan pot . 
  just curious what is the percentage of croats that would like hitler to kill more poles . 
  that is your own assumptions . 
  how would you respond to the thesis that : ` za\u0161topaju perilicu za su\u0111e jer te\u010du skupa sa manistron gurnu unutra . 
  would you agree with that ? 
  are you proud of that ?
