  i do not want to say that there is some conspiracy , but i 'm sure that during that process some influential people will lose their money and their impacts for society and politics . 
  in all that mess i just try to draw my own findings . 
   the unconstitutionality of the previous parliament 's actions do not excuse the actions of the current government . 
  that is true if not truism . 
  please note that i do not excuses actions of the current government , but i express surprise because of activity of activists from trolling brigades , who were not present in the same environment in not so ancient history . 
  how would you call that ? 
  ignorance , hypocrisy or intentional ? 
   what i do care about is this : that is great . 
  i really like people that care . 
   an independent constitutional court previous parlament broke a constitiution and previous rulling party put their own people to constitutional court . 
   independent justice , executive , legislative branches see above . 
   free media some ` people of culture ' associated with the organization http://obywatelekultury.pl/ accused in an open letter of appropriation and politicization of public television during previous government rulled . 
   independent central bank according to secretely recorded tapes , the governor of the polish national bank was plotting with government about dimision of the minister of finance and how to use bank to send some money to the budget to not let pis win . 
  source in polish : http://www.wprost.pl/ar/452396/handel-glowa-rostowskiego/ where have you been at that time ? 
  why did not you care ? 
  they are busy now trying to respond their own question . 
  the issue was discused in polish internet some time ago . 
  as far as i remember and what i found in the internet : the map was produced as a result of ` examination ' of autocomplete function of baidu - the chinese equivalent of google . 
  in the same way you can make a map based on google autocomplete and it will have the same ` science ' level . 
  here is the source and the methodology of this research : http://foreignpolicy.com/2015/08/20/this-map-shows-chinas-hilarious-and-racist-stereotypes-of-europe/ . 
  particularly for poland - we are probably not important for chinese people and we are not popular in their part of internet . 
  even one article could have an impact and set this untrue autocomplete item . 
  probably this one is based on the one blog entry . 
  anyway i think that our ambassy in china should make a couple of articles in chinese that we actually like them or something about poland - to let index it by baidu and change this not true autocomplete , that can have some impact - for example in / r/europe  with the whole respect . 
  i knew it , but i did not want to dim all of that . 
  thank you . 
  my point was that there is not only one model of modern democracy and it is not ` black and white ' situation . 
  you can use some mathematical method to approximate the trend . 
  linear vs exponential . 
  for me it is obvious that it an exponential trend from the beginning . 
   you and your downvote dudes are utterly hopeless ad hominem . 
   why not hitler . 
  i mean , seriously , why not space hitler . 
  straw man . 
  what is funny i never said the eu is comparable . 
  read again . 
  there are different democracies - for example in us can vote directly for judicial system , we can not . 
  every party can be removed in the voting process . 
  if most people want to a party to stay - they stay - like for example our previous government for 8 years . 
  any appeal body to which ct may appeal becouse of ct rulings against ct ? 
  let 's wait . 
  you mean polish ct arbitrary and final rulings about ct ruling ? 
  that is bloody democratic . 
  a comic needs to be done . 
  as i said - take your time . 
  happy new year !, 
  please take your time and try to respond to the rest of my statement if you have time . 
  not only the choosen one . 
   recently i 've seen opinion that it would be better to leave eu because then poland would n't have too accept refugees . 
  you should not take seriously every statement you hear . 
  sorry for paternalization . 
  please note , that we have taken almost 1.000.000 ukrainians and 80.000 chechens last time . 
  obeying the law is the clue . 
  on the other hand - imho it is important to obey the law and not to widely open the borders and take everyone without checking , pushing weaker ( from germans pow ) countries such as hungary and slovenia to participate in breakin the international law . 
  would you dare to make a comics about that ? 
  or about nord stream and countries such as italian ? 
  have a great new year - with triple high-lewel comics !, 
  you are honest . 
  but do n't you think that your government should take their responsibility for their previous actions ? 
  i really appreciate your position on this comics subredit . 
  but i do not get it . 
  i was talking about attitudes toward law and the shaky position of austria and germany . 
  it was not about skin colour . 
  law is law imho . 
  you can use the famous pharse ` and you are lynching negroes ' ( a u was bij\u0105 murzyn\u00f3w ) - but what is your point exactly ? 
  no , no jpaolo - you are mistaken . 
  there is not about brown - it is about nazi , terrorists , russian , undemocratic , illiberal , anti-something . 
  you can choose . 
  you are modern and you are famous in reddit . 
  you may make a comics at least . 
  here is the picture of the polish gdp in 1980-2010 . 
  can you show the exact point in time when the increase of gdp started ? 
  http://statinfo.biz/charts/88/gross_domestic_product_gdp_usd_poland_175872.png can you show the date when poland was taken to eu and miraculously began to experience growth ? 
  take the picture and put a red circle above it . 
  people are always looking for better opportunities . 
  maybe not for the all countries , but for sure poles . 
  now that people that never works for poland growth are dare to come back and trying to be feel like heros - not simple traitors and people looking for better current opportunities of current life abroad . 
  the same people will flee away for china for example if it will be better money . 
  we do not need such a heroes now . 
  imho . 
  you can compare in different criterions . 
  for example economical . 
  for example taking last 10 , 20 or 100 years . 
  you choosed only one from that set . 
  you choosed only economical and only last few years . 
  on the other hand hungarians seems to dare to take a care what is important for their nation . 
  for example - when merkel and prime minister of austria called for abandon the dublin and shengen low , they dare to put a fence in their border . 
  they were called unhuman , fashist , nazist etc. 
  slovenia did not care at that time - they just believed in ` west walues ' . 
  now brave austrians , that used to use key-words like ` democracy ' , ` facists ' etc are sending back unwanted ` refugees ' back to slovenia and are making their own fences . 
  hungarians seems not to be naive nation and i really appreciate and respect them . 
   ( not saying that sometimes it does n't desver criticism but most of the stuff you can read online about it just how it 's a tool in jewish propaganda and how bad michnik is ) just read it please - it is confession of former journalist from gw . 
  travestying the stalin quote : it does n't matter what is the opinion , it does matter who wrote about it and who is quoted . 
  but it is dangerous subject even it todays democracy standards . 
  hungary is great nation and doing well obeying international law and use common sense . 
  their luck is not to be in the focus of mainstream journalists now . 
  hope we will take the status of today 's hungary in the future and someone else will be the scapegoat . 
  code name - nord stream ( part i and the planned sequel ), 
  then us , 
   do you know anything about the soviet bloc ?
