  nearly 50 more have been shot or beaten to death . 
  there is no and there will never be an excuse for this and similar crimes . 
  nevertheless i will never be reconciled with the unambiguous assessment of poles as fierce , `` born '' anti-semites with the example of jedwabne in the background . 
  evaluation without analyzing the historical background and events and behavior of some of the jews towards the polish population , which took place on the teretorium of the borderlands of poland after the entry of the soviets there . 
  i will not be reconciled with the propaganda that this explosion of evil derives only from `` inborn polish antisemitism . '', 
  i 'm not looking for justification , i do not want to `` understand '' this murder but ... 
  in 1940 my grandfather , marian kukiz ( pre-war policeman ) was arrested by the nkvd and in june 1941 murdered by the soviets in a prison in lwow . 
  my p.p. 
  the father ( then 11-year-old child ) with his mother and older sister in april 1940 were deported to kazakhstan . 
  father miraculously survived - he suffered from typhus twice , then cholera . 
  he returned to poland with his family only a year after the end of the war . 
  from hell in summer the temperature is 40 degrees on the plus side . 
  in winter also 40 but the other way . 
  monstrous hunger , slave labor , vegetation in dugongs for dozens of people , dirt , lice , slow dying ... to end - such a fate met more than a million poles and a quarter of them lost their lives . 
  why do i write about it ? 
  in order to try to approximate the background of the silkworm crime , one of the sources of bestial , reanist behavior ... for that traumatized by my family was greatly contributed by the door-to-door dealer , jew orgiel , who first informed the soviet authorities of the location of my grandfather and his family , and some time later , in the cap of the nkvd soldier , he drove my grandma , father and his sister to the cattle car - the direction of death ... and such orgiels were ... tens of thousands ... 
  the germans were well aware of the soviet crimes in the territory of the borderlands and the active assistance of some jews in their implementation . 
  on june 29 , 1941 , reinhard heydrich issued a directive on the war in the ussr , ordering the encouragement and inspiration of anti-jewish pogroms carried out by the local population . 
  among others in jedwabne this directive was made in a `` perfect '' way . 
  the germans made part of their plan of extermination of the jewish nation by the poles . 
  i repeat - there is no and there will never be an excuse for this crime . 
  let no one and nothing drown out the screams of burning people , old people , women , children ... 
  but i will recall the words of christ , the jew whom the pharisees brought to the woman accused of adultery , that he should judge her according to the law . 
  in fact , it was a provocation by priests : if he had recognized a woman guilty ( according to the mosaic law ) , he would have opposed the roman law , which forbade the jews to give death sentences if he would pardon them - he would oppose the mosaic law . 
  jesus instead of giving judgment , said the words : `` which one of you is without sin , let him first throw a stone at her . '', 
   so , you do n't disagree ? 
  that big part of them were not integrated and barely speak polish ? 
  i 'm not a historian , but imho i can agree with thesis of isaac bashevis singer . 
   on the other hand , percentage-wise , there were as many jews in the polish army as there were jews living in poland and they were loyal to poland . 
  was n't it compulsory to service in the army in poland before wwii ? 
   you could 've proven me wrong but instead you say this i did not want to prove that you were wrong . 
  i wanted to show a fuller picture . 
  in my neighborhood there were many different nationalities in poland ( dutch , scots , jews , germans , gypsies ) . 
  the only nations that did not integrate were jews and gypsies . 
  in the case of jews it was over 800 years when they lived in poland . 
  it 's about 32 generations . 
  and they did not integrate . 
  i wonder why some people are so optimistic think that other semitic peoples will integrate so quickly ( within a few generations ) . 
   if you 've talked to these users before they do n't generally count jews as ` their people ' you can ask opposite question : did ethnic jews considered themselves as poles ? 
  in an article entitled , `` jews and poles lived together for 800 years but were not integrated , '' published in forverts ( new york , september 17 , 1944 ) , yiddish author and nobel laureate isaac bashevis singer wrote :  rarely did a jew think it was necessary to learn polish ; rarely was a jew interested in polish history or polish politics . 
  ... even in the last few years it was still a rare occurrence that a jew would speak polish well . 
  ** out of three million jews living in poland , two-and-a-half million were not able to write a simple letter in polish and they spoke [ polish ] very poorly ** . 
  there are hundreds of thousands of jews in poland to whom polish was as unfamiliar as turkish . 
  the undersigned was connected with poland for generations , but his father did not know more than two words in polish . 
  and it never even occurred to him that there was something amiss in that . 
   and what country funded her research ? 
  at that time there was no poland . 
  in fact - lindens smell beautiful in this time . 
   i love your comment be careful as a citizen of germany - you or your ip could pay a fine for your potential racist or xenophobic comments  just behave and everything will be fine , 
   what a familly !, 
  old good question : is it the result of genes or teaching ? 
   if he even say something smart he also say something absolutely stupid soon after that . 
  i can agree - but what do you think about this particular footage ? 
  was he right ? 
   hard borders and nationalist policies are a great way of hampering scientific exchange and effect a brain drain . 
  that is obvious imho . 
  thank you for your answer . 
  what would be the ansewer to the quesiton from your swedish pov ? 
  please look at the above post :  i hope you do not deny them the right to self-determination . 
  which you responded  ' i do ' . 
  if so - please give some examples . 
   the social benefits are already low , thank you for your answer - do you know the exact numbers ? 
  how do you measure them as low ? 
   she called it polonium because half of it disappears at regular intervals funny - appreciated . 
  she could called it francium if more than half of it disappears at non-regular intervals ? 
   i do . 
  give some examples please . 
  good point . 
  we will discuss it in the next post . 
   because iirc poland did n't exists back then . 
  there were always nations without their country . 
  i hope you do not deny them the right to self-determination . 
   why should we recognize only one citizenship ? 
  of course we should not . 
  and now please answer the question and please do n't forget to write where are you from . 
  for now - we have only one answer ( mine ) about considering einstein 's nationality . 
   so how do i hold my hands in the turret or rhombus position ? 
  i wan na be a powerful person , too !, 
  like [ that ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/merkel-raute#/media/file:angela_merkel_juli_2010_-_3zu4.jpg ) . 
  now imagine all the people from this picture would hold thier hands like that , to troll merkel , 
  from your [ link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ottoman_wars_in_europe ) - there were many battles in europe with ottoman empire . 
  this one is probably more prised from the pov of westerners - because it was vienna - not just a far-away borders , or less important cities at that time , but the heart of europe ( i was in budapest this year and i consider it as a one of the most beautiful cities - so please - do n't take it personally ) . 
   also with french citizenship at the time she got her nobel prizes just curious - what nationality was einstein according to you ? 
  he was a jew born in germany . 
  at first he studied in germany , then in switzerland , studied at the technical university of switzerland , renounced german citizenship , accepted the swiss citizenship . 
  when he published his first scientific work he worked at the patent office in switzerland and was a swiss citizen . 
  he said about himself :  if relativity is proved right the germans will call me a german , the swiss will call me a swiss citizen , and the french will call me a great scientist . 
  if relativity is proved wrong the french will call me a swiss , the swiss will call me a german and the germans will call me a jew . 
  in poland he is considered a scientist of jewish origin . 
  was n't she the famous discoverer who called a discovered chemical element by the name of her beloved homeland ? 
  what was the name of this element ? 
  it was [ francium ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/francium ) , right ? 
  korwin mikke was not the author of this publication . 
  for me it is enaugh - sorry . 
  have a good night . 
  [ vladimir lenin 's telegram ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lenin%27s_hanging_order ) on suppressing the kulak revolt in the penza gubernia region :  `` comrades !, 
  the insurrection of five kulak districts should be pitilessly suppressed . 
  the interests of the whole revolution require this because ` the last decisive battle ' with the kulaks is now under way everywhere . 
  an example must be demonstrated . 
   hang ( and make sure that the hanging takes place in full view of the people ) no fewer than one hundred known landlords , rich men , bloodsuckers .
