  they are behaving rationally and have a common-sense . 
  you ( we ? ), 
  are not . 
   cultural thing , i do n't know . 
  it 's not such a sophisticated issue imho , just amount of free promised and expected goods . 
  just common sense . 
  for sure we are not multiracial / s. 
  but seriously - for us every japanese , chinese , etc looks the same . 
  even you too . 
  i think the decision about the exhumation and re-autopsy of bodies should belong to the families of the victims . 
  but the decision to exhume is the result of the scandalous behavior of our previous government , which was [ lying ] ( http://www.fakt.pl/wydarzenia/polityka/kopacz-klamala/7jh688z ) on the participation of polish pathomorphologists in the autopsy and who not allowed to open the brought coffins . 
  it seems that the family bury randomly collected remains of bodies . 
  hard to believe . 
  have you got any examples ? 
  it was done 2 days after current government was formed . 
  it seems that they are working really fast . 
  / s but more seriously , it 's not a prove for claim that current government is ` antisemitic ' . 
  using slur such as ` antisemitic ' is just an another basebol bat to hit opponents . 
  on the other hand the prosecutor investigation started . 
  hope they will find this person and will judge him . 
   antisemitism how ? 
  not in the per capita criterion . 
  it 's seems that monopoly of few families for ruling in us is just broken . 
  for short time it will be probably mess . 
  but i hope it will be good for longer period of time . 
  you took our properties after killing our grandpas . 
  that is strange . 
  why so little christian saints in the polish version of this anthem ? 
  i hope political war will not move to the murale . 
  just imagine what kind of art can paint supporters of a total ban on abortion . 
  i understand 100 % but some of the words are recognisable only from context - for example : nadyhala -  natchn\u0119\u0142a in polish . 
  if it would be a separate word i would not probably guess it . 
  both languages are understendable , but imho interslavic is more natural for me . 
  there are groups of slavic languages that are more related than others ( east , west , etc ) it 's much easier to understand language in these groups . 
  for all of us we can not understand ` by fly ' but if we use some of synonims for particular words we can understand each other . 
  by the way - there are artifical languages that use common words and are easy understand by all slavic countries such as : [ interslavic ] ( http://steen.free.fr/interslavic ) language . 
  thank you for this explanations . 
  this post was ` shadowed ' for few hours before your removal and your excuse . 
  the ` credible source ' is president of russia . 
  hope you enjoy your job here . 
  for us it 's just a day off , 
  i was talking with ukrainian girl about this and she said that they have their similar day in spring - so maybe it 's the same . 
  what is interesting - according to her - while celebrating on cementaries , people are drinking vodka , pour first shot on the ground and socialising together , even if participants do n't know each other or died relatives . 
  it sounds so ancient and i like it . 
  so please do n't use it . 
  quite possible , but it 's not my text - it 's a citation from wikipedia [ article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/all_saints%27_day ) . 
  please edit this fragment on this site - seriously . 
  please provide an exact examples that prove your statement : ` well most poles on this reddit think quite different , no matter how many facts you throw at them . ', 
  examples ? 
  [ all saints ' day ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/all_saints%27_day ) - in austria , bosnia and herzegovina , croatia , the czech republic , finland , catholic parts of germany , hungary , italy , lithuania , macedonia , moldova , poland , romania , slovakia , slovenia , serbia and sweden , the tradition is to light candles and visit the graves of deceased relatives . 
   it should be way more easier for ukrainians to learn polish , than for polish to learn english . 
  after all polish and ukrainian are related languages . 
  let me rephrase your statement : it would be much easier for latvians to learn lithuanian than for lithuanians to learn english . 
  after all latvian and lithuanian are related languages . 
  yet another self-hating pole with the mission . 
  if you would cut all personal arguments , then you said literally nothing . 
   it 's anti-muslim sentiment . 
  quite simple answer . 
  but not true . 
  poland took for example over 80.000 muslim chechens . 
  in the case of this crisis for me it 's strange , that people that are not obey to rule of law are promoted . 
  that ones that took official way are kept in refugee centers in italy . 
  and the wild hordes of people are allowed to cross borders . 
  it 's madness for me . 
  they can send it abroad and then whole village can live for that for years , 
  it was not about how money could bread cost or amount of taxes . 
  it was about value of western money . 
  try to guess and answer my question . 
  i remember communist times in poland . 
  there was shortage of western money . 
  there was a black market of it . 
  guess what was the average monthly payment in 1980 's in black market price of usd ? 
   so no that 's not big money . 
  for you . 
  for some of them it may be a fortune . 
   take the minimum salary in poland and give them one quarter of that . 
  i doubt it would sound that impressive . 
  and it 's a mistake imho . 
  just shelter , food and after end of war free transport to home country . 
  maybe it 's time to talk about real reasons that imho most of the ` refugees ' are trying to reach some of the countries in western europe ? 
  for me it 's just money . 
  money that is giving away for all that people . 
  according to this [ thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/53yh7a/550000_denied_asylum_seekers_still_living_in/d7xh4zm ) ` refugees ' that ` denied asylum seekers and illegal immigrants even get basic welfare which is about 400e per month . ', 
  it 's a big amount of money in ee countries . 
  it 's double average salary for european countries like ukraine , and it 's a fortune for that poorer ones . 
  please , please - just please - stop giving that money for that people . 
  give them food , shelter but not the money . 
  it 's just a real magnet that attract them and the reason that they are risking their lives to come here . 
  you are responsible for all that issue and for death of these people . 
  apparently poles with big complexes , hating poland and trying to be more westerner than portuguese , 
   breslau even in german name of this city is slavic etymology . 
  literal translation is : wr\u00f3ci ( return ) s\u0142aw ( glory ) . 
  / r/polska is quite bizarre and not congruent with the opinion of average pole . 
  just like a set of people with big west-complex , trying to be more west than portuguese . 
  thanks for the voice of reason from abroad . 
  exatctly . 
  but shhhhh . 
  if you do n't like to be banned in this sub . 
  yet another proof that we are integrating well . 
  is n't it this famous ` local news ' ?
