but we are poor and deserve torrents . 
  he is our robin hood . 
  people do n't like corporations who do that to people . 
  and even people who buy things legally sometimes use torrents . 
  yup . 
  they have to do with people 's behavior , abilities , sometimes even culture, 
  a collection of some genes , not a single one, 
  sometimes/often women set up pregnancy so they can force man into wedding . 
  yes but remember that those high-skilled earn more in us than europe because they do n't pay taxes for the poor , poor people simply die or are killed by police or lack of health services . 
  go back to poland ? 
  usa can be better than poland ( what is n't ? 
  ) , that does n't make it decent . 
  you need to be lucky in usa , if not , you will be murdered by police , or have -100000 $ account balance because you had car accident while being uninsured ( health insurance ) . 
  how is that analogical ? 
  and education is n't to test someone 's skills but to provide skills and knowledge . 
  which then should be tested , for example by employer on an interview . 
  yes , such exams are good idea . 
  they should n't need 100 % correct answers to pass . 
   for the person taking those exams it would be a nightmare to work them out without going through the university al over again . 
  i do n't think so . 
  a few weeks of reading about things that they forgot should be enough . 
  those tests should n't require to remember 100 % of things . 
  then at first they could be kind of assistant to other doctor , or just be supervised by other doctor ( local ) . 
  so they could adjust and learn necessary things . 
  and you provided doctor example , but there are many other jobs where it should be even easier to test someone 's skills . 
  i did n't invent that term . 
  it comes from a polish-american artist 's music album . 
  you can find it on youtube , i recommend to listen . 
   so you decided to go on a crusade ? 
  polish working opportunities are just 1 out of 100 reasons to complain about . 
   maybe just move instead ? 
  yes , that 's what i will do . 
  but will have to choose a country and also somehow earn money in poland to be able to emigrate . 
  that wo n't be easy . 
   such as ? 
  south korea . 
  they were n't at war , but they started from nothing , they were poorer than poles . 
  now who they are compared to polend ? 
  israel too . 
  millions got killed in polish death camps . 
  they built their country in middle of desert , surrounded by muslims ( who are n't friends with them ) . 
  sure they got compensation money from germans , but they used it great . 
  now they are much more developed than poland while spending few times more on military . 
   only idiots think you can rebuild lost value of nation is 3-4 generations . 
  others built more from scratch than poland ever had . 
  what value you are talking about ? 
  poland always was a poor country who was built on slavery of its own people ( poles ) working in agriculture . 
   i have yet to read a single positive comment from you . 
  not when speaking abou polend  it is a no small miracle that we are n't living in huts made out of dung . 
  that would be better . 
  houses here are made of concrete , but because of that , there is too few of them for the amount of people . 
  and rent prices are higher than in germany , while salaries are 4 times lower . 
  cold , russian cold, 
  because in rape murder the victim is a person . 
  in case of downloading the victim is an corporation . 
  that clearly says who is more important , who has more influence in politics and law . 
  this is how ` democracy ' works in neoliberalism, 
   our privacy laws just would not allow it that 's what i like  basically , you dump it the trash or can use when there is no toilet paper left  we have huge malls in canada which basically sell pirated content and they do n't get shut down . 
  are they popular because of slow expensive internet or just people prefer to buy physical disk - your post is great advertisement of canada . 
  it already was one of my top destination choices in my emigration plan . 
  now it received another points . 
  and they do n't export bananas , they export ` democracy ' , their laws ( ttip , dmca , etc ) , their spyware ( google , facebook ) , petrodollar , and some other stuff, 
   seriously , dude ? 
  yes . 
  if you do n't believe open internets , check who finances them , and who owns or rules that companies . 
   we have lots of parties . 
  that are nobody . 
  and the time they became notable , they would be financed by same corporations and do what they order . 
   some of their candidates get elected from time to time . 
  like one in hundred elections ? 
   you appear to be a racist so i 'm done with you . 
  what is racism , how am i racist , and why do n't you speak with racists ? 
  if you have a few minutes , open wikipedia and put a few of us biggest media corporations , and read who owns them or who is their ceo . 
  you have strange over-representation of some nation . 
  that 's correct , but also there would be much more and better free stuff . 
  there is already much free software and games . 
  would be even more if commercial software would n't exist . 
  we could get basic income , financed by robots/automation , and focus on doing things like software , movies , etc without getting additional money . 
  but looking how free software is developed and what they think about users input and how rude are they to them , maybe it 's not good idea ... they 'd become even more arrogant as there would n't be commercial alternative . 
  so let 's keep commercial stuff but give people basic income so they can afford . 
  edit : on the other hand commercial software and stuff is arrogant too , they show you aggressive ads , popups , dlc etc. 
  it 's best when free and commercial compete against each other . 
  same . 
  i wish i forgot my native language . 
  your isp is also helping in that , by providing you internet access . 
  and your keyboard supplier too , as you type kat address using that keyboard . 
  let those companies go to jail too . 
   there is a lot of content that is not available - not even for sale - in various european countries . 
  corporations do n't want you to use old or free content . 
  they want you to buy new shit , shitter than ever but more expensive . 
  that 's what capitalism is about . 
  that 's a sad story . 
  how many people and family were on the laptop 's funeral ? 
   the objectivity of the u.s. courts was that existing anywhere anytime in history ? 
   on torrent trackers often denies revenue to the companies associated with its making how does trackers do that ? 
  and should n't we also sue creators of free software and games ? 
  they decrease revenue of commercial creators . 
  what when somebody is torrenting because he 's poor and would n't buy a software or game anyway ? 
  or maybe it 's not accessible in his country ? 
   rules on extradition only apply if the other country has a similar law on its books .
