  a western country wo n't have a law like that . 
  western ? 
  maybe . 
  but west asia country called poland has a similar law , it 's law against `` insulting religious feelings '' . 
  so it 's definitely applicable in my example . 
   it 's against the law to pirate stuff in poland . 
  what ` pirating stuff ' means ? 
  kat website did n't pirate anything . 
   ( the witcher games , for example ) have n't played that , but downloaded only so i could seed that . 
   if i were from cdpr i 'd be speaking with my lawyers right now . 
  if they did some actions against him as cdpr , they could ruin their reputation in people 's view . 
  they ca n't do with him what they want , he is a human being not a pile of trash . 
  maybe in your slavic latvia humans are equal to pile of trash . 
  actually they do n't have to , and they do n't . 
  we have our erdogan , kaczy\u0144ski , who can choose what he wants . 
  if what he wants is not in the law , they can write that law overnight . 
  but as far as i know this american asslickers , they will extradite him very fast . 
  so which law did he ? 
  i speak truth about that west asia country . 
  i am using arguments and evidence , and you ? 
  you only repeat what your propaganda government tells you . 
  did your putin , sorry , kaczy\u0144ski , told you that you are leader of region , and that germany and eu is scared of you ? 
  reddit is not the only place i share truth about poland . 
  and your country looks like a troll country . 
  hard to believe they rule this country in such shit way not for trolling . 
   so since when is it legal here , to open a filesharing site that contains copyright content ? 
  what are talking about , slavic guy ? 
  do you even understand what kat is ? 
  you think it 's kind of rapidshare site ? 
  it 's a search engine that contain links ( added by users ) to any file over torrent . 
  the files are not stored on kat but on seeders computers , and they distribute that files , not kat . 
  and kat even responded to dmca requests ( if claimer provided proof that file is copyrighted and that he has that copyright ) . 
   if such an ` insulting islam ' example came up in a liberal western democracy then the charge itself would not be a crime in the country it occurred in , why not ? 
  it would be in poland . 
  in poland there is a law against `` insulting religious feelings '' . 
  so in that case i could theoretically be extradited to iran if somebody in iran would feel offended . 
   does polish law allow for the violation of ip what kind of ip violation ? 
  i do n't recall any ip violation made by kat owner . 
  and i do n't recall such court case that owner of torrent search engine got sentenced . 
  but if it is against polish law , why wo n't poland sentence this guy ? 
  polish people also used kat website and downloaded polish content ( movies , games , etc ) , so why not in poland ? 
  why is america more important ? 
  oh wait , maybe if this guy ` violated ip ' in every country where kat was accessible , why not sentence him in every country ? 
  ** maybe he would share jail time between each of the countries ? 
  ** 10 years in america + 5 per each other country . 
  now i know why there is so much criminality in us , everybody wants to catch onto the benefits train . 
  but does their prisons managed by private companies also provide that stuff ? 
  let 's take him away from polish officials , using ** strong ** persuasion . 
  why poland did n't ? 
  and why other countries who were destroyed or who started from zero are doing much better than poland ? 
   after entering eu and poor politicians you can not find god damn painter without waiting 1-2 months . 
  then why wo n't they offer more money , or get a person who ca n't yet paint and allow it to learn ? 
  why would anybody care or look at degree ? 
  if they learned something they can prove it , do n't need to show stupid papers . 
  the money is not the only thing in life . 
  usa is horrible country outside of money . 
  and you do n't even have that much money , as you have to pay for everything , you do n't even have public healthcare . 
  you are forced to buy and insure a car , as there is no public transport . 
  eastern european women are materialistic  and do everything for the children yes , the man is just needed as a wallet to finance the children . 
  wage : cost living ratio is only half the story . 
  what are the other aspects like : * working culture , nation/people values * corruption , nepotism * opportunities * travel with saved money * law , justice etc, 
   here in poland we already have huge labour deficits in certain sectors like it and construction a lie . 
  there is no shortage , you just pay poorly , treat workers bad , and employers are horrible at recruiting proper people . 
  i am very experienced software developer yet i am unable to find decent job in poland for me . 
   unless we start breeding like rabbits starting with tomorrow , the country will transform into a +35 m retirement home ca . 
  2045-2050 poland is already 35m , today . 
  you believe in manipulated data coming from your soviet government . 
  they count people who live in west for 8 years as poles living in poland . 
  in 2050 you might have 25-30m people ( assuming your country will even exist ) . 
   the wages in czech republic and poland are similar only in past few years . 
  that 's a lie . 
  polish wages are n't similar and never were . 
   also czech republic had low unemployments for very long time , while poland had very high unemployment around 2001 ( similar to current in spain ) . 
  poland has double the official unemployment rate . 
  polish government is great at lies and propaganda , they learned that from russia/ussr . 
  the unemployment did drop a little from old times , but it 's only caused by massive emigration ( 3-4 millions of people after 2004 , and growing every day ) . 
   one more reason could be that the poorest citizen of czech republic could easier move to the capital for more opportunities than average citizen of poland that 's not a valid argument . 
  yes , the capital is only one , but there is at least one big city in every district in poland . 
  it 's just that there is no reason to move to other city or capital , as you wo n't even pay rent and bills . 
  and you wo n't get any decent job without nepotism ( also in private sector ) . 
  it 's similar in poland , but more caused by the fact , that if you got job in bigger city , you would n't be even able to pay the rent and bills . 
  poland has a lot of `` really poor '' people ( that ca n't afford much food ) , but we do n't have many `` really rich '' . 
  the most of stolen money from poor people do n't go to a few rich oligarchs , but instead to a better castes , like public sector people , or people who inherited flats or companies . 
   is that a bit of cultural thing ? 
  not much , or not at all  i mean , looking at statistics , we , slovakia , czechia , latvia , lithuania have quite similar wages and so on . 
  that 's a lie . 
  what statistics are you looking at ? 
  do you mix a worthless ` gdp ' with wages ? 
   and yet , migration values are very different for pl and lt in comparison to cz for example . 
  yes because pl is two times worse than cz in every area , not just wages . 
  take in mind that the only reason for ukrainian immigration to poland is the fact that ukrainians ca n't go anywhere else other than poland and russia . 
  ( also you are the 2 richest ) richness comes from something . 
  poland is big country , has sea access , is near developed countries ( germany , czechia , etc ) , yet poland is poor , has weak economy built on apples , mushrooms and callcenters . 
  czechia is small , has similar position on map , yet destroys poland . 
  there needs to be a reason for that, 
  then it 's the user who uses torrent file to get something . 
  and you do n't need torrent files , can be magnet links . 
  magnet links do n't even have an address of where the file is . 
  this search engine does n't provide any content . 
  access ?
