yes please !, 
  and some golden dawn from greece too !, 
  i feel you man but still you kinda exaggerate , while laws are ridiculous you usually get parole first , and with such amounts of weed + if you excercise your laws wisely you wo n't get even parole . 
  shit 's worse when you have more weed or it is packed in separate deal packs ;p, 
  using snow to build a bunny is soviet ... ish ? 
  i did n't expect such amount of bravery and enlightenment !, 
  there is a difference between being `` pro-life moron '' as you describe it and acknowledging that a fetus is indeed a human being . 
  yes , that 's excactly why someone wrongly accused would appeal, 
  you have almost no reddit now !, 
  we did n't want to make tiny europeans feel shame . 
  by the way , what do you think about the polish driving license ? 
  and do you happen to know if it 's harder than in other european countries to get one ? 
  wow , that sucks . 
  maybe i was lucky , or cracow is n't that expensive after all . 
  i 've got a friend in wroc\u0142aw , and he pays more for appartment than me too . 
  i 'm living with my friends who are very good to live with , and our landlord is a man who does n't give a fuck as long as money flows . 
  he comes maybe once per month , to tell us if something is happening soon ( like `` guy who checks how much gus you had used is coming '' ) . 
  but still i got ta agree with you - living on your own in todays poland is very hard . 
  we are living near the centre , my university is very close , and generally speaking nice location - also not too loud at night . 
  we pay 800 z\u0142 to landlord and about 400 z\u0142 expenses like gas , power , water and internet . 
  probably we will have to add another 50 z\u0142 after winter bills come . 
  just got ta look very hard ; i with my 2 friends rent an apartment in old apartment house ( kamienica ) , downside is my room contains hmm kitchen ( aneks kucheny ) , but there is only 2 other roommates so it is n't really ocupied . 
  in the end we pay 350-420 z\u0142 per person monthly . 
  for normal room , yeah , 500-550z\u0142 ( still not 200 $ ) , i 've also stumbled upon number of offers with 1 man rooms , quite small but enough for bed , desk , wardrobe and some stuff . 
  for 200-220 $ you can get a small bachelor 's flat . 
  well , i would n't say it 's 200 euros . 
  i 'm currently renting a room for ~ 100 $ total in one of the biggest student cities . 
  of course , the standard is n't the best but still . 
  also it can be a little bit off - for example , officialy i 'm living with my mom , but for last year i 'm renting an apartment in city where i 'm studying - but without any kind of agreement and i do n't know if the state knows i 'm living in cracow . 
  also , lots of young people , who , say , live in cracow - wo n't try to rent an appartment when they can go to universities from their houses . 
  but still , i thought there would be less % of people living with their parents as many young poles decide to leave poland to work abroad . 
  :( we got 1,800 so far . 
  well i guess wykop.pl is much more popular . 
  i have no clue , i have lost faith in polish politics . 
  when i was reading less political stuff i was much more optimistic :p, 
  care to elaborate ? 
  -2 here , it 's not veeeery snowy but streets are icy and one is able to make a snowman !, 
  santa 's is visiting poland on december 6th . 
  under christmass tree it is known , that family members are the ones putting them there . 
  of the 12 dishes i know that we have to eat borscht , pierogis and carp , but the others i have no fucking clue . 
  probably some form of cabbage . 
  some families drink alcohol , some do n't . 
  most probably i 'm going to drink as it 's my birthday too :d, 
  i do n't get it . 
  `` poles suck at math '', 
  pizza snob :p i suppouse i had never eaten true italian pizza . 
  it 's pretty tasty to me ( well with many exceptions , as i 'm ordering mostly from 2 or 3 pizza joints ) , and pizza i made from the famous reddit recipe , the one which was bestofed was n't very different . 
  yay for 400 $ monthly wage . 
  : - ( it 's pretty common here among both lower and middle/high class . 
  also garlic sause and olive oil , but ketchup is the most popular . 
  is that weird to put ketchup on pizza ? 
  i would n't say so . 
  it 's extremely hard to get license for a gun - and it 's not easy to get a gun from black market either . 
  gangs tend to use melee weapons , you hear next to nothing about shootings here, 
  spoken like a true capitalist, 
  yeah so it was on stormfront , would n't call it reliable in any way, 
  high five for stoned factory working, 
  to bathe in reactionary tears ? 
   these taxes are the real reason why so many people emigrate and why there 's a demographic crisis . 
  with reasonable taxes ( ~ 10 % total ) one average wage earner would be enough for a comfortable life with three kids and mothers could stay home . 
   hahahahahahaha what ? 
  lets assume it 's correct , and let 's assume a less hilariously impossible situation where father leaves mother with her 3 kids . 
  10 % tax rate means no help from the state . 
  what happens with the mother and her 3 kids ? 
  oh i know , * the charity * , saviour of all issues in ancapistan, 
  not for all, 
   after adjusting for drastically lower cost of life ( no transport to work , no kids , no mortgage/rent , no eating out while at work ) , an average pensioner has as much purchasing power as a young person working for the average wage . 
  for the sake of argument let 's say that this statement is correct . 
  still , i think i addressed my issue with people , not only young , earning shit too ? 
  ( 2 000 000 trash contracts ) . 
  you are basically saying that elderly living a little bit above lowest standard possible is wrong . 
  i wo n't even start on how expensive is keeping yourself in health when you are older . 
   average net pension is about 390 $ . 
  of course , the mythical average , which is depressingly low anyway , you do realise that more than 70 % of retired people get money that is way below that level ? 
   most of them got their apartments for free citation needed  the fact that so many people have to evade labor law is proves it 's socialist , if it was n't there would be no reason . 
  by people , are you referring to business owners who pay scraps to their workers ? 
  to act socialist would be to make them pay decent money and not giving a fuck if they ca n't go visit panamas twice a year . 
  or you think people want to work shitty paying jobs , i mean , they could change job * so easily *  in reality , socialist laws always hurt common people . 
  by reality , are you referring to the one we live in ? 
  or the one where austrian school of economy makes sense ? 
  the poland is german-russian condominium owned by jews - person ? 
  the let 's setup jesus christ as crowned king of poland - person ? 
  honestly ca n't say i find this surprising . 
  glad most of the userbase is underaged and not allowed to vote . 
   ( the advantage being lower taxes = less cost for employer = more money for employee ) . 
  lol  well . 
  free market leaning party would vote for them probably . 
  the polish herald of free market refers to homosexual people as `` homosie '' because he associates word `` gay '' with shit . 
  i find their will to perform progressive reforms rather hard to belive , considering the blatant homophobia . 
  you are from wykop , are n't you ? 
  explains the differences in our understanding of socialism . 
  you might find likeminded audience at / r/european or / r/libertarian, 
  what is with the polish rightwing calling a rightwing government socialist ? 
  what excactly is socialist with our government ? 
  are the fruits of labour shared equally amongst workers ? 
  how excactly socialist is government which votes against homosexual marriages ? 
  how is supporting or at least not being against trash contracts on which about 2 000 000 poles are working socialist ? 
  catering to elderly people ? 
  how excactly is giving ~ 250 euro or less , monthly , to elderly people considered to be socialist `` catering '' and `` support '' ? 
  after they have worked for most of their lifes .
