  this agreement still exists in the modern eu . 
  with britain leaving the eu , the next best option for the us is , ironically , france . 
  france , perhaps the most europeanist of member states . 
  the country that prevented the uk from joining due to fears of american influence . 
  the country that has expressed vigorous opposition to numerous major american policies . 
  the country that left nato 's integrated command . 
  the country that is generally more protectionist than an advocate of free markets . 
  despite all of these differences , france is a nuclear power and a member of the un security council , the last major military power in the eu , one of the world 's largest economies , and one of the primary drivers of the eu . 
  every other member state has interests that are as misaligned with the us as france or is too weak to be of as much use as the uk has been , or a combination of the two . 
  germany is the only other option , but germany is too pacifist for our taste . 
  make no mistake that , behind closed doors , american foreign policy officials are more than upset that the uk will be leaving the eu . 
  i expect the us and france to become a lot closer in the next several decades . 
  sturgeon and scotland look like the only adults in the room post-brexit . 
  it all makes sense now . 
  we found the true loser of brexit . 
  you are absolutely right that you can now pursue trade agreements all of your own accord . 
  keep in mind , however , that these agreements are a two-way street . 
  you are n't going to get every one of your demands . 
  when the us and the uk negotiate a trade agreement , who do you think will end up with the better deal ? 
  i 'm pretty sure we all know the answer to this . 
  the most shameful thing is how poorly the political establishment of one of history 's most influential and stable countries conducted this entire affair . 
  despite all the bluster and noise they put up in brussels , this is n't how we have come to expect the uk to act . 
  i am experiencing second hand embarrassment for them . 
  one of the issues here is that everyone has an opinion on politics regardless of how knowledgeable they are . 
  it seems to me that this leads to people putting less faith in experts . 
  the only way to combat this is to provide better public education and to vigorously fight against the anti-intellectualism that has proliferated throughout the west . 
  hear , hear . 
  what a stupid fucking cunt . 
  you know , this whole thing has made the high degree of political polarization in my own country not seem so bad . 
  the eu can not fucking win . 
  it 's perhaps the greatest political achievement of the 20th century and everyone just shits on it . 
  the second america retreats from europe is the second the eu becomes a collective defense organization . 
  none of those countries can best russia in a conventional war . 
  without the eu or american muscle , eastern europe will fall prey to russia instantly . 
  you realize that we 've always supported uk membership in the eu , right ? 
  we would prefer it rejoin in the future . 
  the rest of the eu is also far more important to us than the uk is , despite the special relationship . 
  we are n't going to bend over backwards to convince britain they did n't just blast themselves in the ass . 
  i understand you guys have a hard-on for destroying the eu , but you really need to recognize that your country has historically been the most eurosceptic member state by a large margin . 
  the rest of europe is not like you . 
  your country will eventually realize it made a mistake . 
  i 'm sorry you have to go through this , but that 's democracy for you . 
  well fucking said . 
  your country is n't as important as you think . 
  the eu existed before you joined and will exist after you leave . 
  you have always been the odd one out . 
  let 's give it to israel . 
  they 're good at managing land disputes . 
  damn english !, 
  they ruined scotland !, 
  the fact that you believe this means you do n't understand the eu . 
  i 'm confident that this wo n't happen , but if it does , europe 's first generations at peace will have learned absolutely nothing from the blood spilled by their ancestors . 
  * eyeballs mars *, 
  i 've heard rumors that they are proficient sailors . 
  best to build a wall . 
  maybe a dome . 
  the only people to blame for this are the people who voted to leave without understanding what the eu actually is and what the consequences of leaving would be . 
  even better than a free market , they were a member of the single market !, 
  we also want the uk to be in the eu . 
  it serves our interests . 
  we are n't going to go out of our way to reward the uk for no longer serving our interests . 
  at the end of the day , our country looks out for itself first and foremost . 
  we love the british like brothers , but there is considerable disagreement on our global goals now . 
  the uk accepting the norway deal would be my ultimate fantasy . 
  absolutely hilarious . 
  they already are by saying that the eu is going to be purposefully vengeful during their exit . 
  we should build a wall around the uk . 
  it really is n't . 
  britain is a small part of the eu . 
  travel between the us and the eu minus the uk is much larger than between the us and uk . 
  obama already said that we 're not going to go out of our way to make a trade deal with britain since we 're already working one out with the eu . 
  yes , that is central to my joke . 
  germany is a founding member and one of the most consistently supportive members of the eu . 
  they are the most powerful state in the world 's largest economy , and have outsized global influence as a result . 
   here 's nothing stopping the uk forming an alliance with the usa or asia to trade with instead this is the most retarded thing i hear from the leave side . 
  `` oh , well we 'll just trade more with other countries ! '', 
  as if you can simply just trade more , and as if supply and demand is n't as close of a rule to economics as you can get . 
  the us has already ruled out giving you a free trade agreement if you left the eu . 
  china also supported keeping the uk in the eu . 
  they will have no incentive to reward you . 
   the eu is basically in blackmail mode and the rest of the world is panic selling their stock the eu can not give britain a good trade deal because it would incentivize other countries to leave if they think they can reap the benefits without any of the responsibilities . 
  at that point , it is n't a union . 
  the single market simply can not exist if every country cherry-picked the parts that they wanted . 
  it does n't work that way . 
  a majority of your countrymen have proven themselves woefully ignorant of the eu and reckless by all but assuring their children and grandchildren will be worse off than they are . 
  i wholeheartedly believe that there will be an intense buyer 's remorse setting in over the next several years as the consequences are fully felt . 
  i suspect you may change your mind in the next several decades . 
  i also do n't feel for you , since you got what you wanted . 
  fortunately i am not british , but if i was i would be absolutely irate tonight . 
  hey france , we need a new nuclear armed state to shill for us in brussels . 
  would you like some crisp ** american ** dollars ? 
  congratulations to leave supporters . 
  i feel for all the young supporters of the eu who will have to live with this decision . 
  your country is almost guaranteed to be poorer and weaker as a result . 
  britain has always been the most reluctant and aloof member of the eu by a significant margin . 
  the eu is also going to be tough on britain so as not to create any incentives for other countries to leave . 
  if other countries think they can get away with getting all the benefits of the eu with none of the responsibilities , it is no longer a union . 
  that may no longer be the case for a britain that is n't in the eu . 
  if i was working in the us state department i would be gunning for a special relationship with france so hard right now . 
  the boomers have been fucking us over here too .
