  i 'd take unfounded fears of nuclear power over brexit and trump every day of the week . 
  the world they lived in was so much different from ours . 
  the eu has been increasingly vilified since maastricht , nationalism and populism are resurgent , and mass media and the internet have made politics more accessible and it easier for people to be manipulated . 
  in the late 1980s and early 1990s , the west 's economy began to grow rapidly , the soviet union collapsed , and the advent of the information age inspired hope and promises of greater unity . 
  on top of that , the eu itself is a fundamentally different beast from what it was during their era . 
  the expanded membership alone has diluted the efficacy of the franco-german engine . 
  western europe 's shared history throughout the 20th century stands in stark contrast to central and eastern europe 's soviet occupation and communist history . 
  further , the prospect of a member abandoning the european project was n't a serious consideration . 
  while i think that brexit will ultimately inoculate most of the rest of the eu against similarly populist and nationalist politics ( i 'd argue it already has to some degree ) , the fact that the uk is actually leaving is a mutually detrimental development . 
  a piece of the european project died because of it . 
  it seems like since the early/mid 1990s , western politics has become preoccupied with itself - that winning elections for its own sake is the ultimate validation , and that popularity is more important than a coherent vision . 
  british pms are n't term limited . 
  germany 's political stability is something that is sorely lacking in the us and uk . 
  i 'm genuinely envious of it because one of the worst things about democracy is how short-sighted it can be . 
  he and mitterrand are up there with monnet and schumann . 
  they were all visionaries , something which the west has been lacking for most of this century so far . 
  a model european . 
  he will be missed . 
  money is literally the thing the republicans care about most . 
  this is hilarious . 
  mrw i 'm the president of france and the us and uk have gone full retard . 
  zoom in on istanbul . 
  the gray of cities is hard to distinguish from some of the shades of brown . 
  germany is considered a nuclear latent state , which means that it could develop a nuclear weapon quickly despite never having done so . 
  other than germany , i believe the states most widely accepted to be at this stage are japan , canada , australia , and south korea . 
  he will bring peace , justice , and security to his new british empire . 
  your entire comment is wrong . 
  an rn is n't a degree , much less a 4-year degree . 
  a rn is a type of nurse that you become by passing the nclex . 
  in order to sit for that exam , you have to have either an associate 's degree in nursing ( adn ) or a bachelor of science in nursing ( bsn ) . 
  firstly , you can have either an adn or bsn and take the nclex to become an rn . 
  secondly , hospitals do not hire only rns with a bsn , nor has this been the case for the past twenty years . 
  [ the american nurses association says  ( http://www.theamericannurse.org/2012/08/06/have-bsn-will-hire/ )  it might not yet be a trend , but there certainly is a movement among health care employers to hire more nurses with at least a bsn degree and to urge existing staff to pursue higher degrees . 
  [ here 's more  ( http://nursejournal.org/bsn-degree/bsn-degree-rn-differences/ )  a recent study of 187,000 * nursing job ads posted over a 90-day period found that education requirements for the jobs broke down as follows :  * diploma or associate 's degree -- 51 %  * bachelor 's degree -- 37 %  * graduate degree -- 23 %  * high school -- 6 %  these stats show that an rn with an adn or diploma is eligible for 51 % of these jobs , while candidates that hold a bsn are going to be eligible for 88 % . 
  some hospitals , such as those in nyc , only higher rns with bsns , but many smaller or rural hospitals across the country still hires rns who do n't have anything more than an adn . 
  there is an active nationwide push to replace the adn with a bsn , but it 's nowhere near being fully adopted , and no state has yet adopted legislation to make the bsn a necessary qualification for licensure . 
  `` leaning '', 
  matching flag colors !, 
  that means palau is next . 
  no objections here . 
  he was just out grabbing some mediterranean pussy . 
  your email has been received and the spanish government is now replacing all of its f-18s with f-16s to ensure that the information in this article is accurate . 
  why the fuck are politics becoming a fucking tv show ? 
  swinging it around in circles would probably be most accurate . 
  ... and a world cup disqualification ? 
  you 're absolutely right . 
  i was just wondering out loud whether compensation ( again , not just for nurses ) in the us is too generous and results in a higher average cost of care for everyone . 
  yes , those degrees i understand , but nurses do n't spend nearly as much on their education . 
  i 'm not really a fan of john oliver , and i think his videos on brexit show me why . 
  he mostly covers american politics , but he has always been lacking that genuine anger that jon stewart had regarding any number of topics . 
  every video i 've seen of john oliver regarding brexit has that same genuine anger and passion , and i think his delivery is much better because of it . 
  to many in the sheltered white middle class and above , `` migrant '' is a loaded word that they infer to mean poor and/or brown people . 
  i believe that 's true . 
  i honestly have a hard time justifying why someone can go to a low tier nursing program for two years and then end up with a starting salary of $ 55k . 
  one of the things that is almost never addressed in discussions about the us 's health care system is medical professionals ' compensation . 
  it 's a touchy subject , since no one wants to be branded as someone who hates nurses and doctors . 
  if i recall correctly , around 56 % of health care costs in the us are salaries and benefits . 
  it 's amazing how little nurses are paid in the uk . 
  in the us , it 's a fairly high-paid profession , especially considering you only need a 2-year degree to get into it . 
  that was my first thought as well . 
  you ever think about replacing `` arbeit macht frei '' with `` trump '' ? 
  no one suggested that . 
  blair would probably be hailed as one of the greatest postwar pms were it not for iraq . 
  kinda like lbj and vietnam . 
  yes , they are also homophobes and religious fundamentalists . 
  no , this is not something people in western society should strive to be . 
  we 're wading into incredibly subjective territory now . 
  no one bring up spanking . 
  boi , we had 36.4 % turnout in 2014 . 
  he 's also a nobleman !, 
  what a time to be alive . 
  do you want a citation that the sun is hot too ? 
   primarily, 
  keep lying to yourself . 
  do you not see the irony in implying england is better than other countries because it is n't nationalist ? 
  the united states is far more diverse than england and still has primarily civic nationalism . 
  what 's your next excuse ? 
  and french , american , and canadian to further drive home the point . 
  pixels were much harder to come by 2000 years ago . 
  india is easily the most powerful of those five states i mentioned , but it is n't anywhere close to being a first-rate power like the security council members . 
  the fact that india is , at best , comparable to france , is pretty indicative of the fact that it gets by on sheer size and nuclear weapon status alone . 
  its soft power is largely limited to its immediate region and it does n't have the ability to project hard power far beyond its borders . 
  on top of that , it has a lot more serious and numerous domestic problems than what you would expect from a great power . 
  there 's a general consensus in ir academia that the power rankings of international system look something like this : * usa * russia and china ( toss-up ) * uk and france ( toss-up ) * germany and japan ( toss-up , though most people would probably give the edge to germany ) * india, 
  pakistan is n't an arab state . 
   also , i really dont think that egypt isnt the most powerful arab state ( i may be wrong though ) egypt has historically always been the most powerful arab state by virtue of its size . 
  something like 1 in 4 arabs live in egypt . 
   the birth : death ratio of arabs is increasing with a ridiculous pace compared to the west . 
  does n't mean anything . 
  you can be a big and weak country , e.g. 
  brazil , mexico , indonesia , nigeria , and india . 
  population size is just one important factor in power , and does n't guarantee it . 
   also some of their countries have nukes and very developed military ( both in experience and in equipment ) not a single arab state has nuclear weapons . 
  egypt is easily the most powerful arab state yet is n't comparable to any of the major nato countries , japan , or south korea . 
  it also has n't been battle-hardened like nato states , nor does it have any major and powerful allies beyond the us ( who would side with nato over any arab state every day of the week ) . 
  saudi arabia is probably the next most powerful arab state , but its military operation in yemen has put its ineffectiveness and lack of professionalism on full display . 
  in the modern era , arab states have been incredibly weak relative to western standards . 
  look at how many times israel alone beat them . 
   dont know if they will become the next superpower but i would definitely put my bets on them than any european country , japan or latin country . 
  i do n't know why you 'd compare arabs to any single european state , rather than a single arab state with another single european state .
