  any student of political science , international affairs , or history learns that the nation state , and nationalism by association , is a modern notion ; arising in the early 1800s , specifically in the wake of the french revolution and during the onset of industrialization . 
  it 's disgusting how this has been handled , but i certainly hope it does n't come down to war . 
  and yet merkel and the germans are the ones calling for greater political union and power for brussels . 
   ddr at first this confused me , as i thought dance dance revolution was possibly a swedish export and responsible for a huge chunk of its economy . 
  american here , willing and able . 
  maybe next time guys . 
  the eu and many of its member states are generally more critical of israel than the us , but they are by no means unbiased . 
  i would imagine that if the arab league requested nato assistance , there would be little russia and china could do . 
  it could be construed as a bilateral agreement between the two organizations . 
  i think it 's more vague than that . 
  france wants to remain an influential global power , not a colonial power . 
  they created one of the largest empires the world has ever seen , so it 's foolish to assume that every action they take toward a country that used to be a colony is a form of neo-imperialism . 
  i 'd prefer an islamist democracy over military dictatorships , as i assume many , if not most , people in the middle east would as well . 
  even erdogan 's party in turkey is mildly islamist . 
  turkey should be held up as a model for the rest of the islamic world . 
  it has its problems , but it 's a hell of a lot better than saudi arabia or pakistan . 
  i think germany would be a more active participant if it comes to military intervention . 
  they received a lot of flak from their decision to remain outside the libya operation . 
   also there 's a huge gulf between the military capability of nato countries and arab league ( or other ) countries . 
   any military intervention by the arab league would not be successful because they 're not as advanced as nato and iran would ramp up their support of assad 's regime to ensure they cause a shit storm in syria . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but nato 's intervention in libya was supported by the arab league . 
  thus , it is reasonable to assume that any military intervention in syria would be conducted by nato , at the request and supported by the arab league , given that it is the most important organization in that region . 
  the problem is that many people , especially in the middle east , will assume that nato intervention is neo-colonial intervention , which is why support from the arab league is essential . 
  anti-western sentiment runs high in the middle east , relative to the rest of the world . 
  i agree with you that turkey is in a unique position to deal with the crisis , given its proximity and ties to syria , as well as its ties to the west . 
  unfortunately , it is very unlikely that military intervention will occur while russia and china remain opposed . 
  this is a much better test . 
  it described me as a cosmopolitan social democrat , which is almost exactly how i would describe myself . 
  [ here are my results . 
  ] ( http://www.politicaltest.net/test/result/153654/ ), 
  this is a terrible test , but [ here are my results anyway . 
  ] ( http://politicalcompass.org/facebook/pcgraphpng.php?ec=-8.75&amp;soc=-7.18 ), 
  it 's probably just boris johnson on holiday . 
  yea , europeans can be quite different . 
  the fact that europe has united this far already is a testament to its soft power and leadership in the world . 
  europe is showing the rest of humanity that you do n't need to have a lot in common to unite in common interest and purpose . 
  that makes sense . 
  thanks . 
  i found the first sentence of the entry enlightening :  in criminal and mental health law , sanity is a legal term denoting that an individual is of sound mind and therefore can bear legal responsibility for his or her actions . 
  i assume this means that being legally insane would denote some sort of mental deviance that prohibits someone from the responsibility for their actions : perhaps like schizophrenia . 
  unfortunately , this seems to go hand in hand with mental illness , which is n't the same thing . 
  it seems to me , however , that there is still something `` off '' about mass murders . 
  something about them must be physically different from a normal human being . 
  i do n't know if that something exists or has been found . 
  but the question still remains . 
  he may have been collected and prepared , but killing that many people is very , very far removed from how normal people act . 
  what is the legal definition of sanity ? 
  is killing 77 people in one day a sane act ? 
  mad . 
  hah , i had forgotten about this . 
  my mistake !, 
  canada is culturally more similar to the us than europe . 
   it would be an `` enormous mistake '' if the union would lose interest in expansion . 
  i agree with this . 
  sure , expansion has had many unintended consequences and drawbacks , but expansion is still in the mutual interest of applicant states and the eu . 
  who knows what the countries of eastern europe would look like today if they had not joined the eu . 
  they still have their problems , but i think it is better to have been brought under the wing of the eu in order to consolidate democracy and market economics . 
  the balkan countries present many similar problems as the countries from eastern europe . 
  historically a troublesome region of modern europe , integration and supervision by the eu should finally change the dynamic . 
  lastly , expansion really is at the heart of integration . 
  unifying the continent has never been as successful as it has been with integration . 
  europe forges a new path together , not seperately . 
  any additional mods should probably be those who have been active members of the subreddit for an extended period of time . 
  those who are most familiar with the community here would serve it best . 
  this subreddit 's quality has largely come from the fact that it is discussion oriented , i believe we have already banned things such as polandball comics , in a bid to maintain the subreddits quality . 
  so far , i do n't think we 've reached the point where we should have a discussion on the future of the subreddit . 
  it will likely be necessary at some point , but we still have a fairly managable number of subs . 
  fortunately we 've avoided devolving into a subreddit filled with memes and image submissions . 
  it 's my most visited subreddit , and i 'm glad it 's almost entirely discussion oriented . 
  i 've heard that around 20k subscribers is the benchmark for when a subreddit starts to go downhill . 
  here 's to hoping we avoid that . 
  he also told the media that he had met with the head of mi6 despite being explicity told that he was not to mention the visit . 
  the thing about the olympics was more about him being rude to his hosts , which is not something that the president should ever be , especially to our strongest allies . 
  if you did n't think it was rude , then you did n't read british newspapers , or hearhow people such as david cameron or boris johnson responded to it . 
  though not about europe , he visited israel on his trip , and argued that culture was the reason for the economic disparity between the israelis and the palestinians ( ** and ** he even used the wrong numbers for gdp per capita ) . 
  all of these are things you would normally forgive a normal person for . 
  unfortunately , mr. romney is running for the highest office in the united states . 
  none of these are acceptable forms of behavior for a president . 
  romney does n't have an affinity for diplomacy . 
  he made an absolute fool of himself during his visit to the uk . 
  if the president is unable to avoid controversy or ridicule in even the most stalwart of american allies , then it does not bode well for europe and the world at large . 
  thankfully , he wo n't win . 
  the polls consistently give obama a slight lead . 
  i read in an article in the washington post that something like 70 % of all possible electoral outcomes involve the winner having to win ohio , and of those 70 % , obama would win close to 95 % of them . 
  polling nationally does n't give much insight because the electoral college is the most important aspect of a presidential election . 
  this archaic system has all but ensured that ohio is the single most important state in this election . 
  the scots are generally much more pro-european than the english , and as such , i think it would benefit the eu as a whole . 
  however , without scotland , labour will have a much tougher time winning an outright majority in the house of commons , thus making the uk more conservative than it already is . 
  despite this , the decision is that of the scottish people , and i will respect their decision . 
  denmark and the uk are the only countries in the eu with formal opt outs . 
  the remaining 8 outside the eurozone are legally obliged to join the eurozone at some point . 
  obviously it makes the most sense for the eurozone to integrate further , faster , but when it does become a political union , it 's very hard to imagine that many other countries will not want to follow . 
  if a referendum is held , the leadership of the conservative party will have to come out in support of retaining membership ( should the uk 's exit appear imminent ) . 
  the cost of leaving the eu is too great , and they know it . 
  that 's why i said `` fairly . '', 
  none of this is surprising or terribly interesting/enlightening . 
  cities are generally bastions of economic strength . 
  greece is a country that includes athens and a whole lot of countryside . 
  boston is also a major tech city , with some of the world 's premier institutions of higher education . 
  the united states is also the world 's largest and most powerful economy .
