  perhaps i spoke too quickly regarding direct election of either president . 
  the fact remains , however , that there is a democratic deficit that must be addressed . 
  expanding the parliament 's power is the most logical and obvious solution , but it too would likely force national referendums as sovereignty would be given up to the eu . 
   would n't this recent ruling of the german constitutional court even possibly make it impossible for germany to accept this ? 
  i believe they ruled that it would only be possible through national referendum . 
  either the threshold of countries needed to pass a bill such as this needs to be lowered , or the eu needs to become a more centralized federal authority . 
  this can be done by expanding the powers of european parliament and making the president of the european commission and possibly the president of the european council popularly elected by the european people . 
  changes such as these would likely require voter referendum . 
  the eu as it exists now operates similar to a confederacy . 
  it took about a decade for confederacy to fail in the united states for similar reasons . 
  perhaps its time that europe acknowledge that federal europe is a lot closer than was thought . 
  even if germany won the war , it 's hard to imagine that germany could have remained a superpower for 70 years . 
  germany is simply too small to be a superpower . 
  the great powers were at war with one another for centuries because no one country was powerful enough to dominate the others . 
  this is a major reason why the war ended the way it did . 
  the us and ussr ** were ** powerful enough to , in part , subdue the militaristic nature of european nationalism . 
  erecting a transfer union would solve the problem , but it 's very unpopular . 
  especially in germany . 
  it 's nice to see an article explore the beginnings of the debt crisis , rather than the ongoing mess to solve it . 
   the long-term and political perspective is to make esa become an agency of the eu by 2014 ( associated with the new financial perspectives of the eu ) ; taken from [ agenda 2011 : a document by the esa director general and the esa directors -- october 2006 . 
  ] ( http://www.esa.int/esapub/br/br268/br268.pdf ) i do n't know what progress , if any , has been made toward this goal , since this document is a bit dated now . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but is n't it a goal of the eu to turn the esa into an eu agency ? 
  it seems that the fondness for the deutschemark is similar to that of national symbols , rather than a desire to reverse economic integration . 
  this is evident in that 51 % did not think a return to the currency would produce any economic benefit . 
  putin is well known to have nostalgia for the old soviet days , but mostly for the power and status that the ussr enjoyed , not its economic model . 
  perhaps this will force the european union to strengthen its relations to other former soviet republics . 
  armenia , azerbaijan , georgia , moldova and ukraine fall within the spheres of influence of the eu and russia . 
  it will be interesting to see how the increasing unity of the eu will change its foreign policy in response to russia . 
  the west is going to have to deal with president putin again soon enough . 
  what i find really interesting is that the presidential election in russia is still many months away , but putin is already publicly acting like the president , as evidenced by this announcement . 
  the most recent * economist * also noted that state-run tv in russia is referring to medvedev as the `` current president . '', 
  i agree that the choice left to voters now is further integration or economic collapse . 
  i am a huge europhile though , so the idea that the creators of the maastricht treaty believed monetary union would precipitate economic crisis , ultimately forcing europe closer together is not so much an issue for me . 
  it was a means to an end . 
  though i fully understand why it would leave such a bad impression on people not as pro-european as myself . 
  the european union is a unique beast in government . 
  there has never really been an sort of organization like it . 
  it 's more than an international organization , but less than a state . 
  the closest sort of system i can see it resembling is a confederacy . 
  this is really the first time in human history that many countries , with thousands of years of different history , culture , language , and historical strife are coming together to create what may very well end up a federal state . 
  perhaps there could have been better ways of advancing the european project , but that is n't how history unfolded . 
  hopefully future leaps of integration will be done less clandestinely and with voter approval , but unfortunately this issue must be solved now . 
   as i have asked on other posts , my country will have a choice on joining europe with full fiscal integration , i will cast my vote in a referendum and while there will be reasons for and against i will make that decision knowing its full import . 
  can you or your countrymen say the same thing ? 
  i 'm american , so i ca n't vote in any referendum on eu affairs . 
  i do sympathize with your situation . 
  however , i think further integration is for the best , not only for europe , but the world as a whole . 
  should a global government ever come to be , the process by which the european union evolved will certainly be the prime example to look to . 
  the euro is not broken . 
  the basic flaw is that there is monetary union without fiscal union . 
  you ca n't have one without the other and expect it to work forever . 
  if you believe european integration is a fundamentally good idea , then supporting fiscal union is the best way to avoid future crises . 
  which country is left out of the euro16 ? 
  i was really looking forward to putting in new floors . 
  that was great !, 
  are there any more , perhaps of other nationalities ? 
  is it just me , or does the economist seem to be more centrist than usual ? 
  ever since the 2008 financial crisis , it seems to have advocated a more middle of the road approach to nearly all issues rather than traditional center-right solutions . 
  it seems like a lot of the articles they have been producing lately have had a line in it emphasizing their commitment to free trade , less government etc. , but then the articles go on to advocate action not identified with the center-right . 
  this is seen across their articles , not just in opinion articles such as this one . 
  i agree that this could be the best course of action for the uk and the eu for now . 
  as time progresses , the uk will find its influence dwindling even further . 
  yes , it is still an enormously influential country , but with the rise of the bric nations , the ever-increasing political and economic unity in the eu , the us 's superpower status , and a resurgent russia , the uk will find itself in a tough spot . 
  as a nation of roughly 60 million people , it is simply too small to continue to be a significant actor in international affairs , which is at odds with its aspirations to continue to be one . 
  the uk will within a decade or two be forced to pursue closer ties with either the us or the eu , or to pull back its aspirations of being a power player in international affairs . 
  i would very much like to see the uk get on-board with the european project , but it has historically been the biggest brake on integration . 
  this plan would allow the project to progress at a brisk pace and force a decision on the part of the uk sooner rather than later . 
  we should have more recessions so everybody has a chance to make more money . 
  this is a revolution in economics . 
  recessions are the new economic expansion !, 
  i 'm not sure whether or not i agree that her chancellorship is at risk . 
  yes , there has been a lot of infighting within the government , but merkel is a crafty politician . 
  after the fdp 's recent electoral losses , merkel used it as leverage to get them back in line . 
  the vote on the efsf is more likely to fail than merkel is to lose power . 
  that being said , i think the vote will succeed , and merkel will stay in power for the time being , however tenuous her grasp on power may be . 
  if the socialists win the presidential election , it will be interesting to see whether or not a center-left government in paris and a center-right government in berlin will reflect that of the partnership between mitterrand and kohl , especially given the context of the euro crisis . 
  you should write for the economist . 
  better yet , replace them with wolves . 
  someone with dual citizenship , or they all jump out of the lander at once . 
  as an american , i understand . 
  i hope to one day see nasa and the esa merge to create a large , robust international space agency capable of bolder and more numerous missions , both manned and unmanned . 
  exploring our solar system and beyond should be humanity 's common goal . 
  that 's what they said about the greens . 
  washington , d.c. 
  somehow i do n't think that would stop him , given the opportunity . 
  when the euro is in deep shit , someone will have to pull it out with a new pair of gloves . 
  we 'll be sure not to translate anything into bulgarian and romanian anymore . 
  you were n't supposed to know . 
  all signs point toward european integration accelerating . 
  as time progresses , the uk will find itself a relatively insignificant nation in the world . 
  what importance would a country of 62 million people have when china , the us , brazil , india and the eu are the power players of international affairs ? 
  give it some time , the uk will come around . 
  though informative , this has little bearing on the merit of the idea of federal europe . 
  nutjobs exist throughout all aspects of society . 
   i read about other german politicians ( and austrians also actually ) goading public anger by false and misleading statements about this crisis , the state of the euro , and cost of supporting it . 
  so this creates a strange and unfortunate dynamic of merkel reacting opinion which is substantially manufactured political outrage . 
  i do not know enough about internal german politics but i suspect that this clamor is ginned up by the opposition . 
  i ca n't claim to be an expert on german politics , but i do remember reading that the spd supported the creation of eurobonds and a tighter fiscal union , though with certain strings attached . 
  most of the opposition to eurobonds and fiscal union comes from the csu ( the cdu 's regional sister party ) , some members of the cdu , and much of the fdp . 
  so even if merkel personally believes eurobonds and fiscal union are the only solution to this crisis , she is constrained by her own coalition .
