  it ca n't just take the caucasus away from russia with a wave of the hand . 
  it still has to compete with other actors . 
  it an economic bloc , primarily . 
  there will be growing pains as it integrates politically . 
  furthermore , even superpowers can fail to achieve their goals . 
  [ norway is about as integrated with the eu as the uk is . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-16594370 ) the reason why your major parties support membership is because you are effectively a member without any of the direct political influence . 
  canada 's a lovely country with a lot to offer the world . 
  you 're damned by your geography , unfortunately . 
  if canada existed in the middle of africa , it would be a far more relevant actor in international affairs . 
  this is nonsense . 
  fascists are forced to tolerate many disparate groups because it is simply unfeasible to have a society where the entire population has the same ethnolinguistic and religious background . 
  look at russian homophobic rhetoric . 
  it 's a classically fascist tactic that unites disparate groups . 
  the entire modern far-right populist wave is an inherently nationalist movement . 
  it rejects globalization , not the nation-state . 
  it is being fueled by islamophobia and immigration patterns that are not affecting russia . 
  trump , brexit , le pen , and afd have everything to do with a backlash to an influx , either perceived or real , of brown people diluting a perceived , primarily white , national identity . 
  one of the distinguishing factors of the american alt-reich with the traditional right is its obsession with race and how it contributes to a national identity . 
  the eu 's history is marked by a consistent trend of the member states granting greater power to the common institutions at their own expense . 
  this trend will continue with or without the uk . 
  the uk , in fact , was one of the brakes on faster integration in certain areas ( foreign and defense policy among the most important ) . 
  the eu of 2017 is a more powerful organization than the eu of 2012 , 1995 , the eec , or the ecsc . 
  regardless , it 's not as if the uk undertakes significant military operations independent of international support , chiefly from the united states , nato , or the eu . 
  we 're already entering a new multipolar international system , and britain is simply not powerful enough in its own right to be a pole . 
  this century will be marked by the us , eu , russia , and china . 
  britain pales in geopolitical significance to each of them . 
  the reports of the eu 's imminent demise have been greatly exaggerated . 
  brexit will not be the death knell of the eu . 
  it existed before the uk joined , and it will exist after , always integrating further . 
  well , i did try to qualify it further by saying it was proto-fascist . 
  fascism also does n't have to be tied to racism ( although it is still very common in fascist ideology ) , but does have to be tied to a strong evocation of nationalism . 
  i can not figure out why , exactly , there is a russophilic element to western far-right parties and politicians . 
  the only explanation i have other than direct or indirect support from russia , is that the far-right 's ideology is n't too different from russia 's proto-fascist government . 
  chechnya is part of russia . 
  it 's not quite the same . 
  the imf 's 2016 estimates for the top ten national economies by nominal gdp : 1 . 
  usa 2 . 
  china 3 . 
  japan 4 . 
  germany 5 . 
  france 7 . 
  india 8 . 
  italy 9 . 
  brazil 10 . 
  canada it should be evident that there is a very clear drop in international influence after france . 
  further , britain does not exist as a large and developed economy in a region where there are n't many others , like japan/rok , aus/nz , brazil , and south africa . 
  it borders one of the largest economies on the planet . 
  britain may very well be resigned to being the eu 's canada . 
  this is n't meant to be a disparaging analogy , but to reinforce the point that it 's completely overshadowed by its neighbor in nearly every regard . 
  your superiority complex is showing . 
  it seems unlikely that the us would not have intervened at some point . 
  many firsthand accounts of americans in late 19th and early 20th century europe describe an familiar atmosphere in both britain and france , but an unfamiliar one in germany . 
  american political culture and culture at large were more similar to the former than the latter . 
  germany 's militarism was one of the starkest contrasts with america at the time . 
  i can imagine wwi occurring earlier , with france falling and britain being pushed back to the sea , a la wwii . 
  if britain itself faced serious threat of invasion , it seems likely the us would have intervened to prevent germany from dominating europe and posing an existential threat to the us . 
  that 's a function of fptp voting . 
  did you know that the falklands are also claimed by san escobar ? 
  there is a fear that russia may be bold enough to instigate a frozen conflict in a baltic state , given that its already done so in moldova , georgia , and ukraine . 
  if it can get away with it in estonia , nato is effectively dead . 
  given russia 's aggression in the aforementioned countries and syria , trump 's unpredictability and suspicious ties to the kremlin , britain 's increasingly isolationist character , and the rise of the russophilic far-right across the west , can you really blame some of us in the west , the baltics in particular , for being wary of russia ? 
  the us can protect itself from russia . 
  estonia ca n't . 
  lol, 
  i do n't disagree . 
  even if the eu collapsed , it would eventually be replaced by something that looks just like it . 
  the 19th century nation-state model just does n't work for 21st century europe , unless europeans are okay with being weaker , poorer , and more isolated than they 've been for decades . 
  the people resisting integration are holding on to the nation-state like its the be all end all of societal organization . 
  even if the eu becomes a federation , national identities will still exist . 
  french culture , cuisine , and language will still exist . 
  most people 's hatred of the eu is misplaced . 
  good luck britain . 
  you 're going to need it . 
  some people do n't learn until they get burned . 
  this sub should put a minimum account age and karma threshold in order to comment . 
  every single slightly politically-oriented subreddit is inundated with trolls . 
  trump supporters always default to `` why should n't be want to be friends with russia ?! '', 
  without realizing that friendship is mutual . 
  russia is putting on an act . 
  they are playing us like a fiddle and half of this country is oblivious to it . 
  the dollar has been strengthening across the board for the past several years . 
  it is n't because of trump . 
   so , in your eyes , anything that goes wrong is because the uk voted to leave ? 
  and anything that goes right is because of the eu ? 
  to play devil 's advocate , that is an entirely possible scenario . 
  nato has pretty much admitted as much . 
  the baltics are indefensible from russian invasion . 
  nato doctrine is to provide a swift counterattack and push russia back to its borders . 
  til, 
   there 's no such thing as ` civic nationalism ' france and the united states are two of the biggest examples to the contrary . 
  but then you would n't be a nationalist . 
   hegemony is expensive and the world hates us for it . 
  the alternative is letting entire regions of the world vacant of a stabilizing foreign power . 
  just because we fuck up occasionally does n't mean our power has been a net negative for the world . 
  every major power gets scrutinized for its actions . 
  the us just gets more because it 's the most powerful country at present . 
  our friends in europe and asia occasionally criticize us because they 're our friends , not subjects . 
  we do n't demand unquestioning loyalty . 
   is it bad policy to be pushing the recalcitrant nato countries towards the minimum spending target that they agreed to twice ?
