  he suggested that russia take back alaska . 
  are you suggesting that war should be fair ? 
  rumor has it that he 's a front-runner for high representative . 
  all this has happened before . 
  all this will happen again . 
   japan  allied with russia, 
  i agree . 
  it can easily be spun as reactionary and illegitimate , providing russia with a pretext for more comprehensive intervention . 
  and it 's not like the eu or nato will be rushing to defend the rest of ukraine from russia . 
  thank you . 
  good . 
  link does n't work for me . 
  can someone provide an alternate ? 
  explain how . 
  poland seems to be taking the lead . 
  they sent their foreign minister to kiev during the revolution , invoked nato article iv , and are moving military assets to their border with ukraine . 
  they 're really pushing for a more robust response . 
  wait , why ? 
  i know france has had trouble exporting defense technology , but why russia ? 
  i ca n't imagine the us is too happy about it . 
  while i do n't think russia will do anything outside of ukraine , it 's interesting to note that nato has basically upheld the belief that the baltic states are impossible to defend . 
  reminder that this is about article iv , not v , of the treaty . 
  article iv allows countries to request consultations with nato in response to an event such as this . 
  if i were a baltic state , i would also feel uneasy about russia invading a former soviet republic in eastern europe . 
  maybe it 's time to stop referring to a post-cold war era . 
  this shit never ends . 
   what is the penalty for breaking this treaty ? 
  probably nothing that would n't lead to dangerous escalation . 
  get me the ottomans on the line !, 
  cold war ii : the freezening, 
  why are elections held on different days depending on country ? 
  do they hold them on the day of the week used for the country 's general elections ? 
  it 's rainin ' lenin !, 
  things are moving fast in ukraine . 
  [ confirmed by bbc . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-26304842 ), 
  i do n't know of any frequent posters here who seriously think the eu is flawless . 
  iceland is in the eea . 
  if the brits still want access to the single market without being a full member of the eu , then by all means , leave it and join the eea and lose all of your political representation in eu institutions . 
  denmark is really strange . 
  they got an opt-out from the defense clauses of the maastricht treaty , but when they held the rotating presidency when sweden , austria , and finland were negotiating accession , they told them they had to sign up to everything and would get no opt-outs . 
  and that the lib-dems are the historically pro-eu party ? 
   a state being an independent state is not dependent on recognition that 's actually one of the most important criteria of statehood in the international system . 
  regulations is n't a dirty word . 
  regulations that ensure high product standards are often good for both the consumer and the producer , for example . 
  in this case , however , regulations at the european level is no different from regulations at the national level . 
  it 's only an order of scale higher . 
  and even among those three , english is more equal than the others . 
  totalitarian communist rule . 
   sure , why not ? 
  we have free trade agreements with turkey , israel , mexico , chile , china , canada , japan and many , many more without having had to join them . 
  :-) i really do n't understand people 's insistence on free trade when people bring up the lack of access to the single market . 
  sure , free trade is great , but why do n't people understand that a single market is even better ? 
  i actually outsource them to chinese sweat shops but claim them as my own . 
  i like several times now , people have been predicting doom for the french economy , and nearly quarter after quarter , it defies those predictions . 
  try as i might , i do n't think i 'll ever really understand italian politics . 
  i think the wave of privatizations of industries that had been nationalized by labour in the late 1940s is evidence enough that the conservatives were not keen on the idea of state dominated industries . 
  i think thatcher just brought that idea to a higher degree . 
  most of the comments i 've read in this thread are discussing the vote 's consequences for the eu-swiss relationship , not qualifying the vote as racist or not . 
  i think the tory leadership has historically had to love the nhs because the public has loved it . 
  it would explain the recent desires to tinker with it . 
  i sincerely hope this is the end of the eu a la carte model . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , when you join a club , you must obey its rules . 
  you can try to change them when you 're inside , but picking and choosing which ones you will respect and which you wo n't is bullshit . 
  there really is n't . 
  it seems to be widely accepted that , based on the eu 's reaction , switzerland may have shot itself in the foot . 
  this is why it 's such big news . 
  and there 's also a difference between whether they support being in the eu and whether they support further integration with the eu . 
  stupid . 
  direct democracy is such a double-edged sword . 
  i hope you 're right , but i honestly would n't be surprised if the tanks got rolling . 
  yes , but russia is also aware of what the lack of soviet intervention in poland meant . 
  i really ca n't see russia letting ukraine , one of the last countries it has significant influence over , go without a fight . 
  ukraine ca n't exist independent of either sphere of influence . 
  it 's too important for russia to keep it in its orbit . 
  it 's either with the eu or russia . 
  i 've never seen this . 
  i know people who like to put ketchup on eggs , but i think that 's popular in europe too . 
  regardless of what politicians and newspapers would say , the public would definitely be less interested . 
  giving a firm date for a referendum seems to be the only way the tories can keep ukip at bay . 
  if they do n't , labour wins . 
  they 're being too wishy-washy on the matter . 
  their promise to hold one in 2017 , if they win , is n't enough to satiate voters who are turning to ukip . 
   i know you 're not british , but if europhiles are already giving up the fight before a date has even been set then that 's slightly worrying . 
  i have n't given up the fight , i 've only grown tired of hearing about the same issue day in and day out . 
  in fact , i 'm fairly confident that the uk would vote to stay in , after the campaign gets into full swing . 
   i thought you might at least welcome it being put to sleep for another few decades . 
  i do . 
  i think the uk should hold a referendum asap and get it over with . 
  because the issue has been around for decades , and the arguments made for either side have n't changed substantially in that time . 
  it 's grown incredibly tiresome . 
  hell , i 'd settle for the esa being made an eu agency . 
  i ca n't wait for the day when we can stop talking about a british referendum . 
  a very interesting read . 
  it all boils down to the fact that ukraine is pretty much one of the last significant countries russia actually has a great deal of leverage over . 
  i think the timing of the protests is perhaps one of the most understated aspects of the whole situation . 
  were it not for the olympics starting in a matter of weeks , i doubt russia 's reaction would be as muted as it as been . 
  that 's nobody 's business but the turks ' . 
   i do n't think it 's remotely possible for a union of countries withing the eu , because now , with the size of the eu , every country seems to want to count . 
  but it 's already happening .
