  you have my sincere condolences . 
  hey , that 's a really good question . 
  maybe there should have been an answer to that before holding a referendum . 
  then the bigger problem would not membership in the eu itself , but rather that the country is still split down the middle on the issue . 
  the poles need to sleep too !, 
  i always find statements like this quite flattering . 
  agreed . 
  there are a lot of good reasons for why turkey is n't ready to join the eu , but we all know the cultural gap and islamophobia is part of the equation as well . 
  no one has a problem with albania or bosnia because they 're small countries . 
  turkey is n't . 
  i really do n't think a majority of europeans make that distinction . 
  that 's a fair point . 
  i forgot about that . 
  the referendum itself is an exercise in direct democracy . 
  yea , but what do those commies know ? 
  i 'm glad czechia is becoming a thing . 
  juncker has nearly as much democratic legitimacy as the british prime minister . 
  he was chosen by the majority party in the parliament as their candidate for the presidency of the commission . 
  the only difference between him and david cameron is that cameron stands for election in a parliamentary constituency . 
  previous to the most recent european election , the president of the commission was chosen by the european council and rubber-stamped and approved by the parliament . 
  the reverse is now true given the push that the parties made in 2014 for what is known as spitzenkandidaten . 
  interestingly , david cameron and viktor orban were the only two members of the european council to not approve juncker as the official nominee for president . 
  that 's business as usual in this sub . 
  she would just be following the old british tradition of having german monarchs . 
  good things can be bad , but only if it 's done by the eu . 
  hi , i 'm in continent . 
  neat , i have that one too !, 
  and they would be right . 
  the truly amazing thing is that this is n't hyperbole . 
  i 'm not going to bother arguing this because i see where it 's going . 
  a uk outside of the eu is significantly less useful to the united states . 
  if britain leaves , we '' d be forced to get a lot cozier with france . 
  russia would love to see the uk shoot itself in the foot and become a less prominent global force . 
  britain is the most notorious country for protecting and promoting the intergovernmental nature of the eu . 
  this is one of the reasons why the eu is so ineffective and has a democratic deficit . 
  there are two alternatives , scrap the eu or give the supranational institutions more power . 
  the first is retarded and the latter is intolerable for too many governments and people . 
  the eu is a flawed system because your governments intentionally made it so . 
  nato sort of is , but it is n't only in our interests to have a collective defense agreement with europe . 
  no nato member is a member against its will . 
  the eu has always been a primarily european project , though the us has always supported it out of self-interest as well . 
  we like having a europe that is united enough to be a capable ally , but not united enough to be a rival . 
  schengen does n't really directly benefit us . 
  hey germany , i 'm pretty sure he just called your ambassador a butthole . 
  are you going to take that ? 
  the first time i actually saw women wearing niqaabs and burqas was in london . 
  history very rarely has a singular cause that leads to a singular effect . 
  the eu is responsible for reconciling france and germany . 
  they are each other 's closest allies now . 
  that was n't the result of nuclear weapons . 
  believe it or not , there are several levels of cooperation beyond `` nations do n't go to war with each other anymore . '', 
  how thick can you be ? 
  exactly , a union comprised of members that cherry pick what they want is n't a union . 
  hello , it 's me , 1939-1945 . 
  have you met my father , 1914-1918 ? 
  maybe not for you . 
  a terrorist group does n't need to be behind an attack to make it a terrorist attack . 
  terrorism is the use of violence to achieve a political goal . 
  well britain was a superpower when he suggested it . 
  britain had little to gain from being a member of a united states of europe . 
  i ca n't say that churchill would be a member of the remain camp , however , given his ardent nationalism . 
  `` a turkey in every pot ! '', 
  russia is now legally obligated to transfer all its nuclear-armed submarines to slovakia . 
  it 's up to slovakia to get a coast . 
  they very frequently state their bias in articles . 
  they are adamantly pro-remain for example . 
  they also frequently state they are supporters of globalization and market liberalization . 
  what i respect most about the economist is that it owns its bias . 
  it never pretends to be a neutral observer . 
  but muh monroe doctrine, 
  belgium will be the first to go . 
  this is the single biggest failing of the eu . 
  i wonder how many european citizens would not be able to even explain the difference between the european council and the council of the european union . 
  i suspect it would be a very large majority . 
  av is still an improvement over fptp . 
  whoops , good catch . 
  evil triumphs when good men do nothing . 
  [ this man stood up for people who did n't stand up for themselves . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/anz6wx5.jpg ) there is a reason why he is admired in the west and forgotten in china . 
  throughout history , countless people have stood by and watched others tortured and murdered . 
  people always have a choice , but self-preservation and protecting our loved ones over strangers are incredibly hard instincts to overcome . 
  the west did n't become democratic , open , and tolerant because people were afraid to dissent . 
  people eventually revolted and changed the system . 
  every individual 's actions have an effect , however small , on their society . 
  society reflects the sum total of its people . 
  i 'm not trying to be intentionally heartless or provocative . 
  if i was a north korean , i 'd keep my head down too . 
  sounds like my kind of guy . 
  but if we 're all allies there 's no one left worth killing . 
  i want to live in a world where russia and the us are allies that rule the world . 
  i think spain calling itself east spain would more shameful than calling portugal west spain because it implies equality between the two . 
  stop being `` neutral '' and maybe we 'll let you have an old aircraft carrier . 
  canada or the uk . 
  you guys shot down av and do n't put enough political pressure on parties to reform the electoral system . 
  the latter is also true of my country . 
  do n't get so butthurt . 
  except that her opinion would also close the door to every other child that could have been in her position as well . 
  while it 's true it does n't invalidate her opinion , it is incredibly selfish and arrogant . 
  considering she was child when she came to the uk , she did literally none of the necessary steps to move there in the first place . 
  while it 's true it does n't invalidate her opinion , it is incredibly selfish and arrogant .
