  additionally , the uk gives the anglosphere a direct path toward understanding the eu that it would not have in its absence . 
  it really strikes me that the uk , as you say , appears caught between its ties to its former colonies and europe . 
  the colonies are its children , so to speak , but europe is its rightful family , its brothers and sisters . 
  the us , canada , australia , and new zealand have all set along their own path , and the physical distance from britain will always impede relations with it in a way that france , for example , wo n't experience . 
  our shared culture , history , and language are always something to be cherished , but political ties have always and will always change . 
  too many people seem to fear that , but it is a normal part of human development . 
  uniting a continent is difficult enough already . 
  the eu would have even more difficulty unifying foreign and security policy if it had to deal with areas physically apart from europe . 
  imagine if australia were an eu member state . 
  a great deal of eu policy would have to be reoriented to deal with the pacific region , despite the relatively small population of australia . 
  this disproportionality would wreak havoc on integration and the eu as a global power . 
  how can hungary and australia have similar trade policies , when they 're surrounded by completely different countries , and thus , trade partners . 
  it 's best to restrict eu membership to `` europe . '', 
  the definition of europe varies , but presumably everyone would agree that everything from portugal to western russia constitutes europe . 
  only a small part of turkey is physically part of the european continent , and the caucasus region has always been nebulous . 
  perhaps someday the eu can merge with the au , unasar , asean etc. 
  anything beyond continental unification remains an incredibly daunting task at present and for the foreseeable future . 
  that 's odd . 
  i wonder how most non-europeans , or people from the anglosphere , view britain 's relationship with europe . 
  i 'm from the us , but i 'm also a europhile , so it boggles my mind that a people who live 20 miles off the coast of france do n't consider themselves european . 
  i was n't sure if austria being angry all the time was a rule , but now that you mention it , he is angry in every comic i can remember . 
  sage is often used to participate in a thread because you do n't want to see it bumped by your own posts . 
  generally you use it if you think the thread is bad and you want it to die . 
  austria is upset that usa did n't recognize him , and in a loose sense , he wants this `` thread '' to die . 
  on sites like 4chan , people will write sage into the email text field which allows them to write a message on that thread without bumping it . 
  usa is not known for being smart . 
  he 's mixing up similar looking flags , insulting those countries in the process . 
  witch !, 
  hah , that 's fine . 
  yea . 
  it 'd be nice if we could write a bit of text next to our flag flairs to better match posters ' identities . 
  i saw this in another thread on the subject . 
  i ca n't read bulgarian , so i 'm not sure what is says . 
  are most things in the eurozone priced to the nearest $ .05 ? 
  if i 'm not mistaken , canada started doing that several years ago . 
  it 's been a long time since i was last in europe , so i ca n't remember . 
  ah yes , you 're right . 
  perhaps the comparison should be dropped to avoid its associated problems . 
  a lot of scholars and academics currently consider the eu a confederation . 
  it matches nearly all the criteria and definitions already . 
  i think its just become easier to explain the eu as a federal state by saying it would be akin to the united states of europe only superficially : a federal government and subservient states . 
  it 's an easier concept to grasp due to most people 's familiarity with american federalism . 
  i do n't think most people who talk of a federal europe see it being modeled after the american system . 
  the three scenarios you delineated are three possible ends of the eu . 
  dismantling the eu is pretty much out of the question now . 
  it 's been too useful to too many people and countries to get rid of it now . 
  europe has never been more prosperous or peaceful than under the eu . 
  the eu shrinking is slightly more likely than its dismantling . 
  it would not be entirely surprising should some countries ( the uk most prominent among them ) , leave the eu . 
  i think the eu shrinking is far less likely however , as nationalist sentiment is the only real argument against unification . 
  the single market and other benefits the eu brings still outweighs remaining outside the eu ( except for switzerland ) . 
  in fact , it is probably more likely that the eu will continue to expand . 
  the balkans are the main focus of expansion for now . 
  turkey has a long road ahead of it , as do the caucasus states , though of those three , only georgia and armenia have made it an explicit desire to join the eu . 
  federate . 
  this is by far the most likely future for the eu . 
  it has really been the end goal of unification and integration attempts for many people from the beginning of the coal and steel community . 
  it 's become increasingly evident to just about everyone that the eu has become more important in world affairs than any of its member states could hope to achieve alone . 
  it 's economic and demographic weight make it a great power in its own right . 
  further integration will lead to greater domestic and foreign power for the eu , and will allow the eu to become more and more democratic . 
  it will likely evolve into a parliamentary system like most of its member states . 
  however , it is very likely that several coherent , codified tiers will emerge in the process of federation . 
  there will be a core of countries that federate first . 
  this is most likely to be the eurozone , due to the necessity for a common fiscal policy . 
  outer tiers are likely to include the more euroskeptic countries , the uk most prominently . 
  over time , however , these tiers will probably started to blend together again , and the countries on the outside will increasingly find themselves closer to the core tier . 
  this will probably happen over a long time and as a result of self-interest and a desire to seek greater power in the continental order . 
  should federation occur successfully , the eu will become more than just a sovereign state . 
  it will become a model for other regional organizations . 
  this would be very welcome indeed , as it could lead to age old prejudices and hatreds dying with time , and would facilitate economic and political growth and cooperation . 
  the world would become more streamlined and easier to manage as a result . 
  humanity 's potential would increase greatly . 
  one could argue that what we are seeing now , cheap loans from rich states to poor states , is a form of transfer union . 
  i seriously doubt that greece will be able to pay back its loans in full , thus some of them may be forgiven , establishing the beginnings of a real transfer union . 
  i 'm almost certain that when the time comes to create a federal european state , that question will be put to the voters if every country that wishes to join . 
  yugoslavia failed , but now its successor states are joining the eu one by one . 
  the eu has not been built on conquest or coercion , but by individual countries ' desire to join and strengthen it . 
  there are plenty of places and times in history where unifying diverse groups of people have failed , but there are also times where it has succeeded . 
  the eu has been anything but a failure . 
  it has its problems , but to equate it to yugoslavia is doing it and its history a disservice . 
  i 'm aware that a country can be your community , that does n't remove the obstacles to progress that it presents . 
  http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/patriotism `` love or devotion to one 's country . '', 
  it is not love of community , but country . 
  i both admire and detest a lot of things my country and most every country do . 
  i do n't side like to consider myself a patriot because i find it counterproductive to human advancement . 
  devotion to one 's country is not contrary to , but often an obstacle to devotion to one 's fellow man . 
  my mild distaste for patriotism does not blind me the the fact that the average man in every country feels patriotic to a degree . 
  a sense of community and striving to better your country are not qualities i reject , but rather would see put toward cooperative efforts , which is often not the case because of patriotism and nationalism . 
  they are both unifying and dividing forces , no one can deny that . 
  i find it to be just another artificial construct that further divides people into different groups that inevitably come into conflict with one another in some fashion . 
  patriotism is irrational . 
  my interest in the eu is academic and an interest for european cultures , history , and languages . 
  i think it is a model for other regions to emulate in a bid to temper nationalism and facilitate cooperation between peoples . 
  it 's hardly an organization i would give my life to defend or swear an oath to . 
  it is , but canada is n't an economic power . 
  one of the major benefits of being in the eu is that countries can use the eu to lobby for certain things with more effectiveness than they ever would have been able to alone . 
  it 's already being worked on . 
  the eu delegation in washington has begun talks with the obama administration on the fta . 
  it would be a major selling point for obama if he could pass it under his watch . 
  it would likely receive bipartisan support .
