  france and germany showed moral leadership in 2003 over the iraq war and were vindicated by time . 
  germany may not have the hard or soft power that the united states has , but it can make a strong goddamn case for being the west 's moral leader . 
  germany , please step up to the plate . 
  we have n't just been learning about donald trump since the inauguration . 
  his campaign lasted nearly a year and a half and he has been a public figure for almost half a century . 
  if you still does not know who this man is , how he operates , or what he stands for , you have not been paying attention . 
  you 're posting this on an internet forum that is dominated by discussion of european politics . 
  i 'm in the same boat . 
  not when our president is soft on russia , weak on support for nato and our other allies , and a supporter of brexit and further fragmentation of the eu . 
  we 're going down a path that ends with us being just a big country with a big economy and military . 
  like china , but with elections . 
  when you 're a star , they let you do it . 
  were the eu a more cohesive entity , i would n't be as worried about the erosion of the liberal international order under trump 's presidency . 
  unfortunately , it 's not . 
  germany is just its most important member , but germany 's influence and power pale in comparison to the united states . 
  the extra influence and power it has through the eu does n't come close to making up that gap . 
  now you understand why i 'm nervous about our collective future . 
  it very much does feel like obama was passing the mantle of leader of the free world to merkel . 
  whatever your thoughts on america , it has undeniably been the keystone of the liberal international order that has existed since 1945 . 
  trump has thrown that into question . 
  germany is the only other country that can possibly assume that mantle because of its leading role in the eu . 
  i hope germany is up to it . 
  god , fuck this . 
  you 're the one implying that higher murder rates are tied to leftist political ideology , rather than a thousand other reasons . 
  it 's way more of a stretch than tying republican ideology to higher gun ownership rates . 
  gun ownership is one of the cornerstones of american right-wing ideology . 
  murder is n't a cornerstone of american left-wing ideology . 
  [ do you think anyone is going to find it surprising that more murders occur in places with more people ? 
  you 'll find that gun ownership is much higher among one of those teams . 
   yes total negative exposure . 
   however when the press is like `` hillary will save you . 
  '' , and then people find out hillary literally wants to go all out against russia people get scared . 
  i stopped reading here . 
  and they also hung on trump 's every word , gave him a ludicrous amount of exposure , and were complicit in normalizing him by creating a horse race of an election that should have been an utter blowout . 
  it is n't so black and white . 
  oui out is my favorite one . 
  more cat pictures please !, 
  ridiculous . 
  no one forced the british to either join or leave the eu . 
  you may recall that pretty much every single one of britain 's friends and allies wanted it to remain . 
  anyone who expected brexit to be nothing but sunshine and rainbows is na\u00efve . 
  the eu gave both benefits and responsibilities to each of its members . 
  the british have decided they want none of them . 
  the eu is not obligated to look out for brexit britain 's interests . 
  i 'm upset that britain will be leaving , as i think both the eu and britain will be weaker for it . 
  nevertheless , the british people made their choice . 
  the premise that the eu will be vindictive is just people laying the groundwork for excuses for brexit 's inevitable detriments . 
   i have a degree in transport studies and state categorically that a horse and cart is really an automobile do you not understand how this is completely different from how a specific word is used by people in writing and speech ? 
  i wrote that the eu is used * colloquially * as a * shorthand * for the eec/ecsc . 
  nowhere did i suggest that the eu * is * the eec/ecsc . 
  people use it so they do n't have to constantly switch between eu , eec , and ecsc when writing a paper or giving a speech . 
  the context of the writing or speech makes it abundantly clear to what the writer or speaker is referring . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 're just arguing for the sake of arguing , so i 'll stop here . 
  i have a degree in eu politics and government . 
  i have firsthand experience in eu studies and ir academia . 
  i know more about this than you do . 
  colloquially and in academia , eu is used as a shorthand for the eu and its predecessors , including the eec and ecsc . 
   that trend ended last year . 
  the eu has no secured future , it has integrated as deeply as it can without raising fundamental questions over its future trajectory which , in time , will require public support from each member state . 
  there will come a time when the nations of europe will have to pick between the eu and ` independence ' . 
  you do n't seem to understand that britain has always been the odd man out in the eu . 
  a huge portion of the british public has always been eurosceptic . 
  euroscepticism has been consistently higher in the uk than in any other eu member state . 
  the fact that brexit squeaked by in the least committed member state should speak volumes about the general consensus on the eu among the other member states . 
  furthermore , it 's more than possible that brexit britain may act as an impetus for further integration . 
  its political views and culture never meshed well with the rest of them . 
  you 're projecting a british understanding of the eu on the rest of the continent . 
   you severely overestimate russia , even actions in syria and crimea are limited to areas of long-term russian interest - a legacy of the soviet era . 
  it has no potential to be anything but a limited power in the same league as the uk or france , especially as its population declines and economy stunts . 
  russia was able to influence the outcome of the american presidential election . 
  you are severely underestimating it . 
  hard power comparisons have n't been in vogue since 1991 . 
  further , the uk and france are constrained by self-imposed international norms as well as a deference to the united states , making them less willing to take independent military action . 
  these are constraints that do n't exist for russia . 
  there is no question that russia , militarily , is a step above both britain and france . 
   regardless of whether britain will be a ` pole ' , which i never claimed , the eu can not be such when it will never be able to agree to meaningful military action , even after the potential emergence of a strictly european military body . 
  the eu does not use hard power , it has never used hard power , and it will never use hard power . 
  it 's soft power serves to ` europeanise ' periphery regions , and admittedly it has been successful in eastern europe . 
  there is nowhere else for it to act however . 
  the areas with which it is partnered now , such as specific parts of africa , only play lip-service to european ideals in order to guarantee access to european aid packages . 
  turkey , north africa and the caucasus will never be part of the eu 's sphere of influence . 
  hard power is not as important as it used to be , given that the great powers have n't gone to war with one another since 1945 . 
  nearly every conflict that the great powers have been involved in since 1945 have been to beat up some dirt-poor country in the middle of nowhere , where the scales are so tipped that the full strength of the country 's arsenal is barely tested . 
   the eu does not use hard power , it has never used hard power , and it will never use hard power . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/operation_atalanta whether a common european armed forces ever becomes a reality is a better question . 
  it came close in the early 1950s with the proposed edc . 
  i have no idea why you would categorically refuse the possibility . 
   it 's soft power serves to ` europeanise ' periphery regions , and admittedly it has been successful in eastern europe . 
  there is nowhere else for it to act however . 
  the areas with which it is partnered now , such as specific parts of africa , only play lip-service to european ideals in order to guarantee access to european aid packages . 
  turkey , north africa and the caucasus will never be part of the eu 's sphere of influence . 
  the rest of mena is a target for europeanization as well . 
  that 's what the union for the mediterranean was aimed at . 
  mena is a complete clusterfuck . 
  expecting the eu to change it anytime soon is wishful thinking . 
  turkey * is * part of the eu 's sphere of influence . 
  it 's a part of the customs union and a candidate for eu membership . 
  it has literally transcribed european laws into national laws . 
  turkey 's recent regression has no bearing on whether or not the eu is an actor . 
  foreign policy failures do n't throw the eu 's very existence into question .
