  this article could easily have been written twenty years ago . 
  firstly , that is n't true at all . 
  having a stronger currency allows you import more goods . 
  this is particularly important for britain given that it historically runs a trade deficit . 
  a weaker pound hurts your economy . 
  secondly , the pound was n't intentionally devalued by the boe . 
  i 'm kim jong-un and this is my pawn shop . 
  the pound is still significantly weaker than it was before the referendum . 
  everybody who has their wealth in pounds is poorer now because of the vote . 
  wow , is that why eve 's currency is isk ? 
  i never put two and two together . 
  pushing your problem somewhere else does n't solve it . 
  yes , the european union literally sends tanks in to crush anti-eu demonstrations . 
  you have a nationalized healthcare system . 
  you 're a dirty commie . 
  your prime minister is unelected . 
  you have an anti-democratic nature . 
  the accusations of abuse and poor living conditions are n't only recent . 
  the way you wrote your comment implies that australia has solved their migrant problem , which is far from true . 
  do albanian keyboards have broken space bars ? 
  a couple things : 1 . 
  there is a difference between a flawed and a failed democracy . 
  the us has one of the most mature democratic political cultures in the world . 
  we are the world 's oldest still-functioning democracy , though a case can be made for the uk as well . 
  we have had populist and strongmen figures in our history , one of whom is running for president right now . 
  however , he is still just a candidate for president . 
  additionally , our system of government is highly federalized and has an elaborate web of checks and balances that make the president fairly weak on domestic policy . 
  our legislature is far more powerful than in most democracies . 
  even if the us was a flawed or failed democracy , that is n't an argument in favor of turkey 's system of government . 
  right , i recognize that germany and japan have more specific issues with the birthrate , but there has been a general downward trend in the birthrate among the west for a few decades now . 
  maybe if maintaining our living standards was n't so damned expensive people in the west would actually have more children . 
  i would not consider australia 's handling of their migrant problem a good example . 
   we are ok with the fact that the ruling party gets to decide who will be elected into the parliament as mps this is how party list voting works and is not unique to turkey . 
   our system demands strongmen . 
  before erdo\u011fan there was demirel , before demirel there was \u00d6zal , before \u00d6zal there was demirel again , before him there was menderes , \u0130n\u00f6n\u00fc , atat\u00fcrk . 
  before atat\u00fcrk there was the ottoman parliament . 
  all strongmen . 
  all elected . 
  your system demands strongmen because you do n't have a mature democratic political culture . 
  you are closer to russian democracy than french democracy . 
  again , nothing about this is unique to turkey . 
  the world has seen plenty of leaders like erdogan and plenty of flawed democracies like turkey . 
  there is so much stupid in this comment that i 'm not going to bother . 
  it reads as if written by an 18 year old who had his first community college class on international relations . 
  exhibit a :  everybody 's economies are tied to the big daddies , china , the usa and of course ** russia . 
   well one way of looking at this is by saying yes you are correct , but what about our trade relationship with the rest of the world ? 
  more than half of your trade is with the eu . 
  it was your most important trading partner 20 years ago . 
  it is your most important trading partner today . 
  it will be your most important trading partner 20 years from now . 
  after you leave , you will be europe 's canada . 
  your economy is forever tied to the closest big economy . 
  furthermore , the eu , by virtue of being something like seven times the size of britain 's gdp , has more leverage in international trade negotiations than any of its member states . 
   do you never stop and think that the eu bullies nations that are n't a part of it into trading with it and allowing free movement of people ? 
  it will try and effectively strangle the small countries until it becomes clear that their is no other choice but to trade with them . 
  countries like slovakia , hungary , bulgaria and even others that are n't in the eu such as albania and serbia know well and truly that the eu pushes the message , `` you ca n't beat us , join us '' very effectively . 
  no country was ever forced to join the eu . 
  it is not an empire built on conquest . 
  you 're even free to leave . 
  you do realize that most people in democracies really only ever participate by casting a vote , right ? 
  the vast majority of people do n't show up at protests or city council meetings . 
  erdogan is a strongman . 
  that he has popular support does n't mean he is n't a threat to democracy . 
  i genuinely do n't care whether turkey is a democracy or not . 
  that 's up to your country to decide . 
  i just think that democracy is an inherently better and more just way to govern a society . 
  it is impossible for your trade relationship with the eu to be better as a third party than as a member . 
  strongmen and dictators have existed in every culture . 
  turkey is not special . 
  a confused german is a warlike german !, 
  keep jokes out of germany to keep europe safe !, 
  oooh , you touch my tr\u00e4l\u00e4l\u00e4 . 
  human nature cuts across borders . 
  this includes little data from after the referendum and britain has not yet left the eu . 
  something to think about ... 
  toppest of keks, 
  feel free to send me some of your money then . 
  neutrality works until it does n't . 
  furthermore , it 's sort of ridiculous to claim neutrality as an eu member . 
  the eu is a power bloc that pursues its interests with its members ' blessings , despite the creative use of language they occasionally use on foreign policy statements . 
  germany too . 
  i love seeing forest camo after decades of desert camo dominating media images of military equipment . 
  old habits die hard . 
  sweden too . 
  well , except that everyone who has their money in pounds is poorer now than they were before the referendum . 
  legally it is non-binding . 
  they can say whatever they want . 
  american stereotypes of germany come from bavaria because that was our occupation zone . 
  we were discussing a ideological issue , not a specific policy . 
  we strayed away from the article 's topic and were discussing whether the state should regulate clothing at all . 
  american media outlets will show whichever one makes the us look better . 
  in my opinion , the best system is to allocate 3 points for every gold , 2 for silver , and 1 for bronze and then just add them all up . 
  i wonder what it will take for your country to come to grips with the fact that it is n't special . 
  what about 2004 , 2000 , 1996 , 1992 , and 1988 ? 
  edit : or 1984 , or 1980 , or 1976 , or 1972 , or 1968 , or 1964 , or 1960 , or 1956 , or 1952 , or 1948 ? 
  a burqa can be a security risk because you can not visually identify the person . 
  there is some room for state regulation , in my opinion . 
  this is why india and china always have huge medal hauls , right ? 
  i 'm not going to discuss this any further . 
  look at 1961 to 1972 for a taste of brexit .
