   i contend this to be honest . 
  even with a fully united and integrated europe i believe the united states , if it plays it 's cards right , will remain the top power in the west . 
  i absolutely agree . 
  the us has a lot of things in its favor that help it increase its power and influence significantly . 
  although i 'm a social democrat , i greatly appreciate some of the aspects of classical liberalism in the us . 
  the us is arguably still the most innovative and dynamic economy in the world , and even though there will be a time when both the eu and china have larger economies , they are n't as diverse or as much of a controlling power as the american economy . 
  ( i think i 've worded this poorly , but think of it this way : the chinese economy is built far , far too heavily on manufacturing for the west . 
  if the us were to suddenly stop buying things from china , their economy would implode . 
  the reverse is not true , though a chinese economic collapse would hurt the us . 
  the us brought the entire rich world into recession in 2008 . 
  the eurocrisis of the past several years , however , has not forced the american economy into recession . 
  i 'm an advocate of a federal eu , with a centralized armed forces , but even with a federal structure as strong as that of the united states , the eu would almost assuredly not be america 's equal in terms of global power and influence . 
  the us has too many unique advantages that europe does not have . 
  nevertheless , i think a more integrated europe is better for both itself and for the world . 
   i 've said this a couple times before , but there will be no super power by 2030 . 
  we 'll be in a multi-polar world where the great powers of the day are the united states , china , the european union and russia , with brazil and india coming up from behind . 
  i 'd say we 're definitely in a multipolar world now ( us , eu , china ) , although the us is still the most prominent pole . 
   and the thing is though , and the reason i think the united states is so committed to seeing the european union consolidate and take more responsibility for itself , is because while it does n't fear the european union , it does fear being the `` the only west left '' in this new `` asian century '' as it 's been called . 
  the us has always been supportive of european integration , but it has limits . 
  the us does not support any kind of collective european armed forces , because it could undermine nato . 
  the us likes having the eu around as a loose collection of states because they 're stronger together than they are apart . 
  however , a strong , federal eu could easily rival the us for global power and influence , and the us is determined to remain the top dog , if not in the entire world , then at least in the west . 
  us eu v russia china that 's a world war i do n't want to happen , but want to read the wikipedia article about . 
  i 'm american . 
  and if we did n't make generalizations about countries we do n't live in , we would n't have much discussion in this sub . 
   we 're probably going to have to `` agree to disagree '' i guess so . 
  it just seems to me that the whole argument against the eu is built on emotional appeal and patriotism , which are both artificial and superficial . 
   perhaps 30 years ago , but now , i think india , malaysia and south africa , for example , are going to emerge onto the world stage and britain already has a ` head start ' as opposed to the other european countries . 
  india , yes . 
  malaysia and south africa are both small and relatively poor countries . 
  furthermore , they 're a great deal farther away from britain than the rest of the eu . 
  proximity is the biggest asset to trade . 
  this is the netherlands has always been a big exporter : they 're nestled in between three big , rich countries . 
  it 's also why canada , which is 1/4 the size of china 's economy , is still a bigger trade partner with the us . 
  chances are germany will still be the uk 's biggest or second biggest trade partner by the time either of us die . 
   we 'd be morons not to exploit those links , and it would be a damn sight easier to do just that if the eu was n't part of the equation . 
  the eu has negotiated a lot of ftas already , and is able to do so on more favorable terms than any individual member state could , because it 's collective economic clout is far greater . 
  for example , south africa is more interested in accessing the eu market than it is in accessing the french market , so the eu has more leverage in the negotiations . 
  the eu is also negotiating a lot more ftas at the moment , many of which are with commonwealth countries . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_free_trade_agreements http://ec.europa.eu/enterprise/policies/international/facilitating-trade/free-trade/#h2-1 trade policy and negotiations would be much less favorable and more difficult for britain alone . 
   i 'm a francophile ( something which may surprise you ) and i believe that franco-british connections are crucially important . 
  i also like baguette , strong cheese and wine xd . 
  i would like to see better co-operation between two powerful european countries with fairly similar interests globally speaking . 
  that being said , the cap is rigged in favour of france and a bit of a clusterfuck as it stands . 
  this can be done without the framework of the eu , which , if time could be turned back , a lot of the worst decisions could be removed and we could remain a ` club ' for trading and good relations , rather than everyone being jammed together and bad blood forming as has happened . 
  the cap is rigged in favor of france insofar as the french agricultural sector is many times larger than britain 's . 
  do n't forget that while the british complain about cap subsidies for france , the french complain that the british do n't apply more robust regulations on their finance sector ( the financial transaction tax , for one ) . 
   i 'm also in favour of reconciliation with germany , but that 's going to be difficult with them trying to throw their weight around and being the bully-boys of europe . 
  this is just unhelpful rhetoric . 
  most scholars agree germany has actually been very reluctant to lead europe . 
   a federal europe would be one-size-fits-all by definition . 
  only at the federal level . 
  the state governments would likely differ greatly , just as they do in the us , for example . 
   the ec is n't exactly accountable in terms of it 's finances and the parliament feels like a rump parliament to me . 
  the ec is absolutely accountable . 
  as i said earlier , the parliament can and has on occasion exerted pressure on it . 
  the ep is , as you suggest , fairly toothless as far as parliaments go , but this is because empowering it would undermine the power of national leaders , who are essentially the only ones who can actually empower it anyway . 
   in the civil service , departments have their political heads who are generally in charge of making sure that the technocrats stay in line , amongst other things . 
  the eu commissioners are n't as directly accountable for the actions of their departments , by the simple virtue of the fact they are appointed rather than elected representatives as our ministers are . 
  baroness ashton is in charge of foreign affairs , but who voted for her ? 
  she 's just a washout from the domestic scene . 
  you do n't elect someone foreign minister , chancellor of the exchequer , home secretary , etc. 
  they are given the portfolio . 
  even so , only a few thousands of people vote for them , so most people do n't actually directly vote for the people who end up in the government . 
  commissioners , while not elected , are also given a portfolio and can be tossed out by the parliament , which is elected . 
  the santer commission was effectively forced into resignation because of pressure from the parliament , so there is precedent as well . 
   and why should our value as partners to the us determine our foreign policy again ? 
  we are close allies , but not some sort of protectorate . 
  because british pms have , for the past 70 years , kept close ties with the us as essentially their top priority , largely because of a great overlap of interests . 
  i do n't think anyone would argue that the relationship exists on equal footing , however . 
  it 's very clear who the senior and junior partners are . 
  the european nato members , for example , did n't have the logistical support nor the material means to intervene in libya without the us . 
  it 's not often that the uk will intervene somewhere alone , whereas it is common for the us . 
   we 've not fought off continental tyrants for centuries to give it all up now . 
  it would be preferable to be a bit weaker and less relevant and retain independence rather than abstract ideas of ` stronk ' and subservience as part of some unworkable union . 
  what value does this have if not to instill nationalist and patriotic sentiment ? 
  the eu is n't an empire built on conquest , hellbent on subjugating britain , like previous attempts at continental unification . 
  it 's a project undertaken entirely by the free will of countries . 
  if the uk wants to leave , no one will stop them . 
  i just think it would be a colossal mistake that people who realize in hindsight . 
  why does it matter if the uk is n't an independent and sovereign nation ? 
  you have more in common with the french and the germans than you do n't . 
  you 're human first , not british . 
   i 'm personally very disappointed with the way the trade with the commonwealth was carried out in terms of the eu . 
  we did our closest partners and allies over because of the french not wanting cheaper dairy on the market . 
  the commonwealth was never a viable trading bloc . 
  much of it was too far and too poor to come anywhere close to the importance of trade with germany and france . 
  it still is . 
  canada and australia were , and still are , the only other two commonwealth members that are close allies of the uk and are n't poor . 
  despite this , canada 's most important trade relationship has pretty much always been with the us . 
  australia 's most important trade relationship is with china . 
  furthermore , france is one of the uk 's closest allies . 
  the reason they even have a unsc seat is because the british insisted , since they could n't be sure that the us would n't become isolationist again . 
  they share nuclear weapons technology , co-develop new technologies , and the french aircraft carrier is patrolling british waters while the uk is without one . 
  they also have far more similar global capabilities than canada or australia , and thus are each other 's natural partners for intervening in africa and the middle east , for example . 
   even my economics summer project gave me enough reading material to thoroughly put me off the institution . 
  it just makes utterly no sense , with the assumption that a one-size-fits-all solution is findable and that we can trust the technocrats to do it all for us with not much in the way of oversight . 
  the eu is n't made up of any more technocrats than any national government . 
  it has elected officials in the parliament , heads of government in the european council , and cabinet ministers ( who are usually appointed by the heads of government ) in the council of the eu . 
  furthermore , the idea of a one-size-fits-all europe no longer exists .
