  they do n't need you as much as you need them . 
  but what if they vote to leave ? 
  well if they did n't listen to experts and facts in the first place why would they now ? 
  all it does is reinforce the perception by many of the uk 's superiority complex . 
  this completely reasonable stance is seen as vengeful by many leave voters . 
  which is n't consistent with wanting to get rid of the eu altogether . 
  `` you think you deserve to win by winning ? '', 
  nonsense . 
  it was a team effort . 
  yes , good point . 
  there 's nothing worse than being someone else 's equal . 
  whenever i hear brits say they want to scrap the eu and start over , what i actually hear is `` we want the eu , but we want to lead it instead of the french and germans . '', 
  that last picture is cool as fuck . 
  only when it 's cold . 
  yes , that was a pretty big thread on this sub as well . 
  i like it . 
  backup is here . 
  the woman on the far left is a professor of european politics at the london school of economics . 
  i 'm still not comfortable with austrians telling people what to do . 
  cool cities attract talent . 
  there are plenty of cities as stable as london in the uk , but london is the one that matters . 
  yea , it is n't coincidence that the top global financial centers are london , new york , singapore , hong kong , tokyo etc. 
  when you have money and ambition , you want to be in the coolest cities . 
  no offense to amsterdam , frankfurt , and dublin , but none of them are paris . 
  why would anyone want to visit it now ? 
  yes , but which came first ? 
  i hate to disappoint you , but nearly every functioning democracy on earth has some relatively undemocratic or entirely undemocratic institutions . 
  the bundesrat is an example from your own country . 
  the eu forced them to leave democratically . 
  you mean like economic uncertainty and brexit ? 
  the us 's global interests were more closely aligned with britain 's than with any other eu member state . 
  now they wo n't have a seat at the table when the eu is deciding on economic and political issues . 
  they are demonstrably less useful to us outside the eu . 
  that does n't mean the special relationship is dead , just that it 's not as powerful as it was . 
  this is all readily apparent to even a casual observer of international relations . 
  yes , we 're irritated . 
  we want britain to stay in the eu . 
  we have always supported their membership . 
  and you 're making a major implication that it wo n't . 
  the eu has steadily grown in power for over six decades . 
  judging by historical trends , the eu will continue to integrate further . 
  it existed before the uk was a member and it will exist after . 
  the uk wo n't be delivering the death blow that so many of them hope . 
  in the past week we 've witnessed a collapse of existing political leadership , a drop in the pound , and battering of financial markets , backtracking from the leave campaign , increased racist incidents , an irritated eu and us , and an far more likely breakup of the uk itself . 
  britain has n't even left the eu yet and the entire country is in the midst of a constitutional crisis . 
  we have always said that the worst is yet to come . 
  britain 's economy and political stature will always be at a permanent disadvantage outside of the eu . 
  if you do n't think it 's bad now because it 's only been a week , when literally nothing has changed , just wait . 
  a majority of the british people have completely failed their entire country . 
  this man is the biggest coward in the country . 
  i 'm genuinely astonished that people think like you . 
  recreational marijuana is not legal in california . 
  i 'm not continuing this discussion . 
  it is n't going to lead anywhere productive . 
  i 'm not going to bother continuing this discussion as i can see where it 's headed . 
  you can form an opinion on anything with no information whatsoever . 
  there are people who are more knowledgeable than you in literally every discipline . 
  reading the wikipedia entry on the human heart makes you more knowledgeable than most people , but it does n't make you a cardiologist . 
  perceived corruption and actual corruption are out of sync . 
  direct democracy is garbage because the population is not knowledgeable enough on the wide array of issues that government deals with . 
  there is a reason we elect representatives . 
  popular referendums in california are a travesty . 
  the voters brought in term limits for legislators and voted to deny marriage rights for gay people . 
  pretty clever . 
  better than most political cartoons . 
  it 's hilarious to watch , even as an anglophile and europhile . 
  i feel badly for the 48 % of voters who wanted to remain , however . 
  this is the most infuriating thing about discussions about the eu . 
  people do not know what the single market is . 
  the companies listed on the ftse100 make around 70 % of their revenue outside of britain . 
  the weaker pound means their earnings look better than normal because those figures are being converted from foreign currencies back into the pound for reporting purposes . 
  the ftse250 is the better barometer of the british economy because the companies listed on it generate about 60 % of their revenue in britain , which means the weaker pound hurts them more . 
  the ftse250 is down a lot more . 
  every single one of your reputable newspapers has been pointing this out since friday . 
  this is literally the biggest blow to the eu the uk can deliver short of nuking it . 
  when the eu is still around in ten years , maybe you 'll realize you were wrong . 
  jesus fucking christ , people like you are delusional . 
  the uk is n't as powerful as you think it is . 
  this has been the worst week for england since early june 1940 . 
  no , but funny considering how often the british shit on france 's economy . 
  britain , what have you done ? 
  just in time to build a wall around the uk . 
  if by europe you mean the uk , russia , belarus , ukraine , serbia , albania , andorra , the vatican , san marino , fyrom , montenegro , bosnia , kosovo , georgia , armenia , turkey , and moldova then i would n't disagree . 
  london will be the financial capital of the eu as much as toronto is the financial capital of the us . 
  keep in mind that this is before britain has actually left . 
  the public 's disdain for the political elite is right , but for the wrong reasons . 
  they should never have held this referendum and some of them should n't have exploited it for personal gain . 
  britain is truly fucked in one way or another . 
  backpedaling and ignoring the results of the referendum is the least shitty of its options , but it 's still a shitty option . 
  literally nothing good will come of this decision . 
  this debacle has undertones of the british , or english more specifically , coming to terms with the fact that they 're just another country in europe now . 
  there 's nothing more exceptional about it than france or germany . 
  we all know this is bullshit . 
  the special relationship will endure , but it 's certainly not going to be as strong as it once was . 
  the uk is more useful to us as a member of the eu . 
  we share many of the same global interests and goals . 
  britain was the natural voice for american interests in europe . 
  the eu first started developing a foreign policy dimension in the 1970s with european political cooperation ( epc ) . 
  these meetings were held behind closed doors , much to the dismay of the us . 
  the uk was instrumental in changing the nature of epc so that the us was briefed on what transpired in those meetings after the fact .
