  i suspect that parity in the relationship will return once france and germany are more similar in population and gdp . 
  let 's compare greece and japan for a moment . 
  japan 1 . 
  total government debt : ~ 235 % of gdp . 
  10 year bond yield : ~ 0.44 % 3 . credit rating from s&p : aa - greece 1 . 
  total government debt : ~ 175 % of gdp . 
  10 year bond yield : ~ 12 % 3 . credit rating from s&p : ccc - what this tells us is that the markets are more confident in the ability of japan to pay its debts than they are in greece , even though japan 's debt is much larger . 
  government debt is too often thought of as something that gets harder to manage the larger it gets , which simply is n't the case . 
  debt is not an inherently bad thing . 
  france 's economic situation is n't the best right now , but it is far away from being anything like greece ( or even italy for that matter ) . 
  we also have to consider that if it were france in this situation rather than greece , then shit has really hit the fan , and a frexit ( lol ) , if it was even considered , would mean the end of the euro . 
  france is , in my opinion , the single most important country in the eu . 
  the only other contenders for this position are the uk and germany . 
  the uk can not seriously be considered to hold this position because it is less integrated with the rest of the eu than france . 
  germany has a larger economy than france , but france has a far more powerful and active armed forces . 
  france also has the second largest diplomatic corps in the world after the us . 
  unlike germany , it has extensive links and close relationships with a lot of countries around the world , primarily in africa . 
  it is a permanent member of the un security council , and has historically been the west 's most independent great power . 
  on top of that , if any country could claim ownership of the eu , it would be france . 
  the eu and its forerunners were essentially the brainchild of ( primarily ) french statesmen . 
  i actually hope that is true . 
  i 'd like to see france reemerge as germany 's equal in the eu . 
  why on earth you were downvoted is beyond me . 
  germany 's debt was forgiven almost immediately after its slaughter of millions of people . 
  what greece is guilty of is saintlike by comparison . 
  i 'd love for the u.s. , canada , and mexico to federalize . 
  the difference is that europe has been talking about federalization somewhat seriously for a century , and has a unique history with the destructive nature of nationalism . 
  it is one of the most advanced societies on the planet , but it ca n't even solve a relatively small economic problem in a timely manner . 
  europe needs to federalize in order to stay relevant . 
  the u.s. does n't need to form a super union with the rest of the americas to do so . 
  that 's just a fact . 
  as i said , i really do n't mind europe being the robin to our batman , but europeans really do love criticizing whatever the u.s. does , but do n't bother to change the nature of the relationship . 
  why do n't you show the rest of the world the way forward again , as you have done so countless times in the past ? 
  the overhaul the eu would need to become less democratic would require the member states to give up even more sovereignty to brussels . 
  the british , in particular , always complain about the eu 's democratic deficit and then go on and on about protecting national sovereignty . 
  you ca n't have both . 
  i do n't know how many times this has to be explained to people . 
  europe needs to get over its lingering nationalist tendencies and federalize or they will continue to be the junior partner to the united states . 
  i do n't particularly mind the current set-up because it benefits my country , but good fucking lord is europe an inward looking continent . 
  so much time is spent by european leaders sorting out their own problems that they 're barely visible on the world stage . 
  we 've had germany since 1945 . 
  this was because spain and portugal had large agrarian sectors at the time , and would require cap funding and compete with french agricultural goods . 
  spain and portugal joined with restrictions on cap benefits for a number of years , if i recall correctly . 
  if britain is a well-trained dog , then italy is a senile old cat with one eye . 
  greece should open a twitch channel and accept donations . 
  remind me of all the countries and empires that gave their recently defeated enemies massive grants to rebuild themselves . 
  the f-22 ended production a number of years ago . 
  i thought i was in / r/jokes for a second . 
  perhaps you could create a fiscal union complete with financial transfers so that the euro would actually work . 
  greece 's debt is a drop in the bucket for the eu 's gdp . 
  if you really wanted to solve this problem you could just give them an actual bailout , but when push comes to shove , you guys do n't really care that much about european solidarity and unity . 
  if it was n't greece , it would have been portugal , or spain , or italy . 
  greece is a symptom of the real problem : an incomplete euro . 
  yea , it was in our interests , but so is europe having a fiscally sound greece . 
   obama should put his money where his mouth is and offer greece billions from a check from the us treasury . 
  we did this once before . 
  it was called the marshall plan . 
  maybe the other european countries could pay it forward . 
  i 'm aware . 
  that 's why i 'm saying germany needs a proactive leader who can create support for their initiatives . 
  then maybe it 's time for merkel to retire . 
  germany needs a chancellor who will lead rather than follow opinion polls . 
  i think it 's worth the price tag . 
  god damn that thing is ugly . 
  it looks so out of place too . 
  i would be ok with the us bailing out greece . 
  i still think there will be an eleventh hour deal . 
  the can of worms a greek exit would open is not worth either side standing their ground to save face . 
  i fail to see how it is the voters ' fault when the people they vote for deliberately modify , fabricate , and/or withhold information . 
  if the croatian government suddenly announced tomorrow a massive and previously unforeseen budget deficit , would it be fair to hold you and your people responsible ? 
   lol . 
  americans , seeing threats everywhere . 
  climate change , natural disasters , uncontrolled immigration , foreign invasion , terrorism , an aging and shrinking population . 
  take your pick , these are all happening in europe today . 
  how the fuck are the greek people responsible when their governments lied to them about the country 's finances for the better part of a decade ? 
  no one knew how bad it was until the financial crisis hit and the greek government was forced to admit the truth . 
  the greek people have suffered at the hands of the imf , the eu imposed austerity , and their own duplicitous governments . 
  if , ** if ** , a solution is not found in the next few days and the greek economy collapses and the country is forced to leave the euro , it will say a hell of a lot more about the rest of europe than it does greece . 
  the greek people have been asked to endure an economic depression , and so far have done so admirably . 
  the management of the crisis has resulted in a lost generation that will be worse off than the previous one . 
  if all the high-minded talk of european solidarity and integration that has been spewed by politicians for the past 50 years can be undone because the rest of the eu ca n't contain an economic problem in a country that comprises 2 % of its population and even less of its gdp , then the legacy of the eu will be permanently stained . 
  imagine if this crisis hit germany instead . 
  surely 25 % unemployment and 50 % youth unemployment in the eu 's largest economy and most populous country would have been handled with greater haste and vigor . 
  if we assume this to be true , then the fact that the greek crisis has been managed in this manner reveals that there is no solidarity in the eu . 
  some of the eu 's greatest accomplishments have been to economically develop greece , spain , portugal , and the former communist countries . 
  seeing one of them revert should be considered one of its greatest failures . 
  if europe ca n't even sort out its money troubles , how the fuck is it supposed to defend itself from greater threats ? 
  kudos for compiling all of this information !, 
  most countries have a form of geographic wealth distribution . 
  your country has it too . 
  brussels is becoming the washington dc of europe . 
  relevant europe is the uk , france , and germany though . 
  i remember mashing my refresh key on both nasa 's and esa 's websites for the newest pictures from huygens as it descended onto titan . 
  i do n't think i 'll ever again have the opportunity to experience , in real time , the discovery of a world as alien as titan . 
  i 'm hoping pluto has a few surprises for us . 
  so ... how can i get deported from italy ? 
  you can tell it 's european . 
  to remind germans that they lost the war . 
  of course we would defend them . 
  what i 'm saying is that i do n't think we would fight as hard to defend them as we would france .
