  one will have to be held at some point . 
  of course . 
  it was just a joke . 
  we will blot out the sun . 
  at least you 're a jedi master . 
  it took 12 years of convincing , but france has finally decided to join us in iraq . 
  i guess thatcher had a soft spot for irn bru . 
  i think he was disagreeing with the outcome , not the process . 
  does this mean england can stop caring about scotland again ? 
  the us has planes stationed in europe already . 
  nato 's overwhelming air power would make damn sure that russia could n't waltz into warsaw in two days . 
  yes . 
  the point i was trying to make was that the eu was able to absorb smaller countries of comparable wealth . 
  absorbing turkey is like absorbing four romanias . 
  sure , it 's richer than bulgaria and romania , but the problem is that turkey is huge . 
  it would be expensive to extend all of the eu 's spending programs to turkey . 
  the moon . 
   what is that ? 
  two tour buses and a minivan ? 
  sounds like it could be turned into a bad road trip movie . 
  in all seriousness , it 's because europe has the capacity to solve the problem whereas africa does n't . 
  that 's not being cynical , it 's being realistic . 
  did we do good , pa ? 
  while that 's true , the us is very aware of the eu 's potential to become a rival . 
  the us wants a strong and capable europe that remains the junior partner in the relationship . 
  will alcohol be enough when the banks leave for frankfurt ? 
  because i 'd like to think that alcohol-based economies might be the next big thing . 
  i look forward to seeing this comic used again for the eu referendum . 
  english and b2 french . 
  it 's never too late to chase your dreams . 
  this fella ai n't so bad for a mexican . 
  i agree with the portuguese gentleman . 
  the problem then is with integration into french society rather than immigration itself . 
  i 'm not sure why you 're being downvoted . 
  you 're not wrong . 
  no , because that leaves france and the uk the eu 's major leaders . 
  on economic issues , germany has acted as a good bridge between the two . 
  oh my god . 
  belarus is the puppet-master . 
  the us , eu , and russia are all just pawns in this game . 
  what was the text ? 
  north side , what what . 
  contrary to popular belief , lincoln was not assassinated , but rather was frozen in case of a situation like this . 
  united states of the atlantic . 
  then you europoors could chant usa with us . 
  a lot of which is related to the draw down of the wars in iraq and afghanistan . 
  hell hath no fury like a woman scorned . 
  it sounds like the synopsis of a bad sitcom . 
  we could call it * the european union * . 
  my condolences . 
  i 'd pay to see barack and michelle compete in a wife-carrying competition . 
  it 's easier for a foreign country to drive a wedge between allies than it is to disrupt a single political entity . 
  russian military doctrine since the fall of the cold war has changed to support the use of tactical nuclear strikes should conventional weaponry fail . 
  i ca n't say for certain if this applies to battlefields outside of russia , but the way they perceive ukraine really blurs the lines between the two countries anyway . 
  what makes stationing an ally 's troops on your soil more worthy of a referendum than any other political issue ? 
  there 's quite a bit of overlap between / r/europe and / r/polandball . 
  it 's generally considered okay to reference it here . 
  yes , but nato doctrine has been to provide a swift counterattack in the event the baltics fall . 
  a futile effort that will only make putin more sure of his actions . 
  i agree . 
  any decision made should have the support of the people . 
  i just do n't like the ambiguity of sweden 's and finland 's relationship with nato . 
  it 's not just that sweden and finland already have close relationships with nato . 
  it 's that they 're members of the eu , which is a power bloc in itself . 
  the eu is a weak military power , but a military power nonetheless . 
  it has the capacity to use its military assets to pursue its objectives . 
  sweden and finland already contribute their fair share to many eu missions . 
  this means that sweden and finland are n't neutral , nor non-aligned . 
  i think they should either just up and join nato , or actually become neutral/non-aligned . 
  the gray area they inhabit has been the most politically expedient option for decades . 
  it 's a result of reactionary governance rather than proactive governance . 
  merkel tells putin she will be asking him to explain himself more often . 
  it seems like it 's a move aimed at politically aligning themselves with nato in a manner that does n't get the public upset . 
  i 'm sure there are members of the swedish and finnish government that would expect nato to assist them in the face of a russian invasion . 
  hell , i would expect it . 
  in the event of an invasion of either country , i do n't see how nato would be able to calm the baltics and eastern europe down without actually defending sweden and finland . 
  i 'm pretty sure both nato and swedish/finnish officials know this , but are able to avoid membership because it 's not popular . 
  there 's a whole lot of - stans in central asia that no one would care if you took . 
  nato 's deterrent power is built almost entirely on the credibility of american commitment to europe 's defense . 
  should the us fail to respond to a russian incursion into a nato member 's territory , then the entire alliance will fall apart , and would likely shake the international system to its very core . 
  if putin invaded a nato member , i would seriously think he 's actually insane . 
  i 'm not really a fan of this move . 
  i do n't think countries should think they can benefit from nato protection without being a member . 
  finland and sweden should just drop the whole neutrality act and join nato . 
  they 're already eu members , they 're not politically neutral . 
  i know some people have argued that they 're not neutral , but rather are nonaligned , but let 's not kid ourselves : sweden and finland are western countries and have their fates tied to the us/eu/nato . 
  africans are tall too . 
  i think of it more like the character lenny in of mice and men , who is big and strong , but limited mentally . 
  god damn i love la marseillaise . 
  my money 's still on china . 
  russia has the ability to upset the region . 
  china has the ability to upset the international order . 
  i really wish / r/yurop was more active . 
   i never figured out what 's supposed to be so great about precedent based jurisdiction . 
  i think the main idea is that two similar cases should have similar outcomes . 
  the marshall plan consisted of both loans and grants . 
  the grants did n't have to be paid back . 
  probably something along the lines of devolution in the uk , where each country varies in power . 
  feel free to return it to us if you 'd prefer it that way . 
  surprise , canada !,
