  this is fucking awesome . 
  [ it 'll have a nice set of building instructions that way . 
  spoken like a true useful idiot . 
  electrical brexit, 
  the problem with making any generalizations about generation z is that they are literally all still children , assuming you use 2000 as the starting year of their cohort . 
  it 's just too soon for any useful data . 
  we 've only just in the past couple of years reached the point where all millennials are adults . 
  such a german thing to say . 
  i thought t_d posters hated political correctness , so you should feel free to just say you do n't want more brown people and/or muslims in europe . 
  semi-relevant url ? 
  yes , but in order to make the joke he had to first identify as a russian . 
  i bet putin likes full lips . 
  the buffer zone between her back and his claw is actually poland . 
   social tension in us is mostly because of classicism , not cultural or ethnic differences . 
  * boi * the us is absolutely rife with social tension of all kinds : rich versus poor black versus white old versus young rural versus urban educated versus uneducated men versus women liberals versus conservatives california and new york versus we are not nearly as united as some may seem . 
  we speak the same language , wave the same flag , and watch the same movies , but we fucking hate each other under that veneer of cultural cohesion . 
  agreed . 
  there are a million better reasons for why turkey should n't be in the eu . 
  peddling the `` they 're not european '' argument first and foremost reeks of bigotry . 
  dick cheney , is that you ? 
  and therefore very gorgeous . 
  this is so unlucky . 
  i really hope that germany can make renewable resources work really well . 
  g o o d v e r h o f s t a d t, 
  agreed . 
  it would fit in perfectly in any sci-fi film . 
  i had n't heard of it every happening , but i have n't studied the issue extensively . 
  / u/juicy _ k_girl claimed it had happened before , so i 'd be happy to see an article and be proven wrong . 
  i just read over that article quickly and did n't see any mention of new zealand ever denying nuclear-power ships into their waters in dire circumstances . 
  please let me know if i overlooked something . 
  and with a single carrier you could n't have a carrier permanently at sea , hence the debate about cost . 
  your government decided to have diesel carriers so it could afford at least two carriers . 
   and they do , do n't forget the marine corp of the usa will procure 340 f-35 b 's , italy will procure 45 f-35b 's along side the 138 f-35b 's uk will buy . 
  right , but i can imagine a scenario in which an american carrier has been sunk and a dozen f-35cs have to be ditched because they ca n't land on a qe class carrier . 
   that 's true . 
  but i 'm quite confident in the f-35 . 
  as am i ; the anti-f-35 circlejerk is largely unjustified imo . 
  i 'd never heard of that , can you direct me somewhere to read about it ? 
  regardless , i do n't see how the us navy lets a nuclear carrier sink instead of strong-arming new zealand 's government or ignoring them altogether . 
  this is an extreme hypothetical , to be fair . 
   after all france has filled in for some of the temporary uk gaps of capability . 
  yea , this was a good development , and i wish the joint anglo-french carrier proposal had been realized instead . 
  any serious defense integration prior to brexit was always going to be borne out of bilateral agreements between the uk and france . 
  getting aircraft carrier procurement and operations in sync would have been a big step forward in both practical and symbolic terms . 
   yes . 
  but i do n't think the primary concern of a foreign carrier should be american planes right ? 
  there will still be plenty of f-35 b 's should the situation arise . 
  it 's certainly helpful for nato members to have interchangeable equipment . 
   i 'll be perfectly honest , it 's not comparable to the qe . 
  the qe can carry a max of 70 f-35bs . 
  the cdg can carry a maximum of 40 airplanes . 
  that 's a huge difference . 
  i do n't know if the qe deserves the super carrier classification , i 'd imagine the naming had something to do with the qe in mind . 
  america generally gets to choose the definitions as it innovates first . 
  ie fifth gen planes or whatever . 
  yes , this is a perfectly fair point . 
  the sheer size of the qe gives it a distinct advantage over the cdg in this category , but again we have to weight that with how effective the aircraft it carries are ( f-35b versus the rafale etc ) , and what their role would be in different hypothetical scenarios . 
  was n't the whole debate about nuclear versus diesel ultimately due to cost and everything else was secondary ? 
  i think the government wanted a nuclear powered carrier , but also did n't want to spend that much money . 
  this is some great insight , thanks !, 
  one thing i do want to point out is that the charles de gaulle is consistently put under undue stress because it 's the only major carrier france operates . 
  if there were a second , then they would be swapped out every six months like the us navy does with its carriers . 
  the british were right to at the very least make two carriers . 
  if an american nuclear carrier was taking on water just outside of new zealand , i do n't think they would deny it entry . 
  similarly , in the event of a severe war , the fact that you have an aircraft carrier would mean that respecting those laws matter a hell of a lot less . 
  if an american carrier needs to get into a port in new zealand during wwiii , it will be allowed in whether their government wants to or not . 
   no , steam catapults have existed for 60 years , long before nuclear carriers were a thing . 
  india 's new carrier wo n't be nuclear and it installed the emal system with the help of the usa . 
  you 're right , i actually had amended my previous comment . 
   true , in the grand sense a c is a bit better than a b , but the b also is able to operate from more airbases/carriers/assault ships . 
  for example . 
  while that 's true , super hornets are inter-operable with the charles de gaulle . 
  i suspect the f-35c would be as well , but i 'm not sure . 
  if so , then that means the qe class is less useful for american planes . 
   well yes , but i do n't think that 's a fair statement . 
  the qe will be the 2nd strongest carrier in the world until china launches the type 003 , which is still in planning phase . 
   i do n't think it 's entirely fair to compare the us navy to the uk navy . 
  for a non superpower it 's already incredible . 
  well , it 's being labeled a supercarrier , so it 's only fair to compare it to the only other supercarriers in service . 
  besides , i had already suggested that the charles de gaulle might be better . 
  the french navy is as close to an equal as the royal navy as . 
  that comparison is perfectly apt . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but nuclear power is generally considered necessary to have a cost effective steam or electromagnetic catapult in the first place . 
  furthermore , both france and britain have territories across the world that have historically been visited and protected by existing and previous carriers . 
  the f-35b is a less versatile aircraft than the f-35c because of the lack of a catapult . 
  it has a shorter range and smaller payload . 
  the qe class will be fine to project power against some dirtball country in africa , but a nimitz or ford is far more useful against a more technologically capable adversary . 
  it 's being classified as a super-carrier based on its displacement , but i think you 're right . 
  the queen elizabeth class lacks a number of the critical features that define the nimitz and ford classes , nuclear power generation and catapults being the most obvious . 
  i think the charles de gaulle is probably still the best carrier europe has to offer ; its chief drawback being that only one exists . 
  i thought the uk ordered the f-35b , the stovl variant ? 
   i just wonder what the hell happened to us . 
  your country and mine have a significant portion of the population prone to believing that our countries are somehow special and better than others , and that our power and cultural significance somehow vindicate a sense of superiority rather than us being the beneficiaries of circumstance . 
  our histories of consistently coming out on top , even when things are at their worst , does n't elicit a strong sense of international cooperation like it does on the continent , for example . 
  throw in some casual anti-intellectualism and a right-wing media that reinforces all of this and you 've got the mess we 're both in . 
  american nationalism is more on the nose than british nationalism , what with our rabid flag waving and fireworks , but that alone does n't make it any more intense than british nationalism . 
  i 've always thought that britons ' lack of outwardly patriotic sentiment was itself a defining characteristic of its form of nationalism , sort of like how humility can be someone 's form of pride . 
  what a fucking year it 's been . 
  the us and france are democracies and nato members and are not best friends . 
  greece and turkey were both democracies and nato members in the 2000s and were not best friends .
