  you know , i wonder if the russian government has ever considered being friendlier to neighboring countries . 
  it seems like all the countries that used to be under their thumb want to be associated with the west because it has a better societal model . 
  i honestly do n't understand why russia refuses to give in and accept that the western model of open democracy and capitalism is what eastern europeans increasingly want . 
  all russia does is end up pushing countries away from it because of its aggressiveness and obsession with power . 
  there was a german girl in my program who was outraged at the us spying on germany . 
  she would always bring it up when discussing us-european relations . 
  i wonder what she thinks of this . 
  i , for one , welcome our new franco-martian overlords . 
  if it had 13 stars pointed inward and was oriented vertically , i would salute the shit of it . 
  the eu is politically impotent relative to russia . 
  gdp is n't the only factor to consider . 
  russia 's military puts everyone except the us and china to shame . 
  china and russia are the only great powers not fully incorporated in the international system . 
  neither of them have many allies , nor do they come close to the military power of the us or nato . 
  / r/dataisfabulous, 
  very unfortunate . 
  i think there 's a blue filter or something in that photo because it does n't look that cool in person . 
  such a shame , because i do n't know any american who legitimately hates canada . 
  there are a few subs that have a huge user overlap with / r/polandball . 
  / r/vexillology and / r/europe are two of them . 
  i do n't really see the problem with x-posting to / r/europe . 
  stream does n't work for me . 
  is it over ? 
  if it is part of a formal resolution brought to the security council , then yes . 
  probably abstain . 
  i 'm inclined to agree with you that britain has n't had a cultural golden age , but i do think it has been more consistent and constant than other countries . 
  british culture has been incredibly prominent for 300 + years , with no signs of abating . 
   russians are proud about ww2 win , as it was a war for survival and we did survive , but calling it the greatest time , is like calling someone who fought cancer and won , but lost almost everything in the process - from hair to house , to will to live , to abandoning any ideals or dreams we ever had . 
  nowadays we just live the day without giving a shit about anything . 
  the soviet union suffered a great deal as a result of wwii , but i do n't think that analogy is quite apt . 
  within a few years , the ussr was a superpower . 
  i think it would be more like beating cancer and then winning a triathlon a month later . 
  my uneducated guess on a russian golden age would have been the early cold war as well . 
  i thought the general consensus is that russian elections are far from being free and fair , but despite that , putin and united russia are still so popular that they would win anyway . 
  in high school , i was taught the causes of wwi were main : militarism , alliances , imperialism , and nationalism . 
  all four go hand in hand , though . 
  are electric charging stations generally free regardless of country ? 
  i do n't even have an idea what they 're like in the us . 
  i do n't think i 've even seen one . 
  yea . 
  the use of military force is out of the question . 
  nato is n't going to risk getting involved in a direct confrontation with russia . 
  that leaves economic sanctions as the only other hard measure that you can use to deter russia . 
  if they 're too weak , putin might take it as a sign that the west is just talk and will take what he wants anyway . 
  if they 're too strong , russia might as well outright invade since they would n't have anything to lose . 
  unfortunately for western policymakers , economic sanctions do n't seem like a good deterrent in this case , but rather something that is used after the fact . 
  speculation time : the ukrainian government is closing in on the separatists in donetsk , making intervention the only way for russia to keep at least some of ukraine under its thumb . 
  russia will try to get unsc approval for a russian peacekeeping operation in ukraine under the pretense of restoring stability , order , and protecting local residents from potential harm and abuse . 
  any combination of the us , uk , and france will veto this proposal . 
  russia will intervene anyway , claiming it tried to resolve the issue through legal international means only to face american/british/french intransigence . 
  it will point to how the us did the same thing regarding iraq in 2003 . 
  russia has been amassing further troops and equipment on its border with ukraine for several days now , and when coupled with the gains the ukrainian government has been making in the separatist strongholds , makes intervention more likely . 
  russia has already been hit with strong eu/us sanctions targeting specific sectors of its economy , so putin might think that since russia will have to endure economic sanctions in the short-term anyway , it 's better to get part of ukraine in the long-term . 
  then again , there 's also the possibility that russia wo n't intervene , but i just ca n't see putin 's russia accepting the entirety of ukraine aligning itself with the west . 
  i think the only thing precluding an outright invasion is the possibility of very tough sanctions , possibly including an eu embargo on russian oil and gas . 
  i agree with most of what you said . 
  i never really bought into the whole brics thing , since china seems to be on another level . 
  brazil , russia , india , and south africa fit the mold of nearly every other country that has industrialized in the past century and a half . 
  china 's potential is far greater than the rest of these , and has the capacity and the will to alter the international system to a degree such that it benefits itself more than it did previously . 
  i do n't think russia , brazil , or south africa will ever be that influential in the international system . 
  india has potential mostly due to its sheer size , but it has so many domestic problems that i think it can be written off for the next half-century at least . 
  well we 've done that with china despite an arms embargo . 
  even if we were to assume that the eurasian union is n't designed to be the soviet union 2.0 and instead really was based on the eu , complete with democratic supranational institutions , russia would still easily dominate it due to the size disparity of the member states . 
  look at the eu . 
  germany is pretty much unchallenged on economic matters , even though its economy and population are n't that much larger than france and the uk . 
  the eurasian union will basically russia and the russettes . 
  but how does selling them weapons help that , given that they were rivals only years prior ? 
  i do n't understand why there has n't been a joint us-eu arms embargo on russia for the past twenty years like there has been on china . 
  i fucking love export treemaps . 
  is there a subreddit dedicated to them ? 
  synthetic drone poop . 
  i have never wanted anything to be real more than this . 
  early reports coming out of moscow indicate that the bird was a homosexual cia agent . 
  no , i think it was immediately post 9/11 . 
  i can smell the us/french/british veto coming . 
  it 'll start to become more prominent when china is more powerful . 
  well of course , but it 's still something that someone , somewhere may take in to consideration . 
  well , i think we should just buy it anyway if for no other reason than to prevent russia from expanding its war-making capacity . 
  `` they '' are brits who value the special relationship , even if they are only a handful . 
   world 's most powerful political and economic unit , the european union most powerful economic unit , yes . 
  most powerful political unit , no . 
  by doing so i made it look like i was joking . 
  yea , it would make the surprise bombing of the uk and france that much easier . 
   i do n't think the uk leaving the eu jeopardises the special relationship , though the usa might try and use that as an argument to keep us in the eu . 
  if the special relationship were dependent on uk 's eu membership it means it is n't that special and can be dropped ... 
  it does n't jeopardize its existence , but it would harm it . 
  it would mean britain has less to bring to the relationship than it did previously , but would presumably expect the relationship to remain the same . 
  cancel one , buy one from france ? 
  the solution is for the three countries to never disagree and bomb every country together !, 
   this is n't something that brits should really take into consideration . 
  it is if they value the special relationship . 
  haha , that 's pretty good . 
  putin likes to keep token opposition groups to maintain the facade that russia is open and democratic . 
  i do n't understand why the us does n't buy it . 
  the thing i hate most about political cartoons is how cartoonists feel the need to label everything . 
  if they do n't let their work speak for itself , then they are n't being clever . 
  i 'm aware . 
  both points are valid . 
  germany no longer had the capacity to be belligerent , and the us would not have allowed two nato member states to come to blows . 
  all i was saying is that the second point is also true for the warsaw pact .
