  downvote it and move on then . 
  i appreciate your dedication to taking things very seriously . 
  how did hitler tie his shoesies ? 
  with little nazis . 
  as long as they were in a bubble that prevented them from harming the outside , i would n't mind watching an eternal slugfest between germany and russia . 
  as much as i 'd like to reassure you that the us would come to your aid as vigorously as we would for any other country , i think we all know that 's not really true . 
  if we had to choose between saving france or saving the baltics , it would be france every time . 
  but if things have gotten to the point where france is threatened then that means we have much bigger problems . 
  germany and italy also have different strengths and weaknesses . 
  italy has greater naval capabilities , and germany has greater ground capabilities . 
  hold up . 
  in this scenario , are there two physical germanys , or are they both fighting in the same germany ? 
  if it 's the former , then i suspect that 2015 germany would win , but if it 's the latter , then i think 1944 germany would win due to its manpower . 
  in the former , it would be more of a conventional war , where 2015 germany could fire a few missiles and destroy 1944 germany 's ships , tanks , and industrial centers . 
  the latter would mean a lot more urban warfare and guerilla fighting where air power would be far more limited . 
  i think that most people bundle the iraq and afghanistan wars together ( in the us and the uk at least ) . 
  there was a far greater justification and legal basis for the afghan war , not that it really amounted to much . 
  picture states that it is heads of government . 
  putin is the head of state of russia , medvedev is the prime minister and head of government . 
  `` turkey is one of our favorite foods . '', 
  yeaaaaa !!!!!!!!, 
  we did it boys !, 
  i feel like a single drone could take over ireland . 
  way to go poland . 
  i 've heard people say that because it is so hard to quantify how much each country contributed to the victory , it 's easier to just determine who did n't lose . 
  by that measure , it 's pretty much just the united states , but the soviet union rebounded very quickly . 
  the arguments over who won world war ii are n't really that insightful . 
  the soviet union suffered the most losses , but were also complicit in invasion of poland , which started the war and set in motions the eventual german invasion . 
  as the video the united states provided a huge amount of material and financial aid to britain and the soviet union , and it is hard to know exactly how its absence would have affected the outcome of the war . 
  british military intelligence and successful prevention of a german invasion gave the western allies a staging ground for the opening of the western front . 
  resistance groups in many occupied countries aided the allies as they fought the germans . 
  furthermore , the british and americans were n't fond of the soviets to begin with . 
  if i recall correctly , historians seem to believe now that fdr and churchill deliberately delayed the opening of the western front because they were content to let the soviets and nazis kill each other . 
  from a certain perspective , that was a pretty smart strategic decision . 
  what i find more interesting is how different the world looked immediately after the war , and how the international power structure has n't really changed if you just replace the soviet union with modern china . 
  thanks . 
  you should probably cite your data too . 
  do we not consider russia part of europe ? 
  i wish i could get paid for shitposting . 
  nsa if you 're reading this , please contact me . 
  that 's a beautiful skyline . 
  being fat . 
  maybe turkey should remove kebab . 
  boats will be better than tanks for the inevitable dutch-poseidon war . 
  yes , this is generally how it is done . 
  the term superpower has been retroactively applied by various historians and scholars to entities like the roman empire , which obviously did n't have the capacity to project power globally , but were far and away the most powerful political entity at the time . 
  thank you france for helping us gain independence . 
  if you want to claim a country is in your sphere of influence , then you should probably make sure your biggest rival/potential enemy is n't holding military exercises there . 
  imagine if russia was holding military exercises in mexico . 
  i remember in my 8th grade ( age 13-14 ) french class , we had an exchange student from austria . 
  the teacher asked a girl in the class if she could point out where austria was on a map . 
  she pointed at australia . 
  the exchange student was visibly upset . 
  it worked when we bombed germany . 
  that 's a fine lookin ' ship . 
  thanks switzerland . 
  textbook ? 
  is that some kind of food ? 
  if i was obama my foreign policy priority would be to bang the shit out of her . 
  http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/analysis-of-economic-benefits-of-britain-s-eu-membership-a-881813.html it is also hard to quantify the added power and influence that the uk receives from the eu . 
  britain 's eu membership is far more lucrative than its contributions to the budget . 
  britain has historically resisted addressing the eu 's democratic deficit . 
  britain has always preferred intergovernmentalism over supranationalism , which is inherently undemocratic . 
  the party 's membership is that wide . 
  the party 's elected officials fall on a narrower spectrum , but still larger than most mainstream european parties . 
  no , but it 's one of the most important measures . 
  greece 's problem is a sovereign debt crisis . 
  uncompetitiveness is separate issue . 
  evaluating how expensive it is for a government to borrow in order to fund itself shows you the markets ' relative confidence in the managing of the situation . 
  although i wish we used pr , our system is n't as bad as people make it out to be . 
  in most parliamentary systems , coalitions have to be formed in order to form a government , which force different parties to compromise and cooperate . 
  in the us , the two parties are themselves coalitions . 
  for example , the democratic party encompasses communists , socialists , greens , and moderates . 
  similarly , the republicans have fascists , corporatists , libertarians , and moderates . 
  the main difference between the two systems is when coalition-building is done . 
  in most parliamentary systems , it is done after the election . 
  in the us , it is done before the election by the way of a single party . 
  i was half expecting to see the hitler did nothing wrong party . 
  as long as the trees are n't from florida . 
  i wo n't lose any sleep over it . 
  i concede that i live in a world where we occasionally conflate justice and retribution . 
  [ this graph says otherwise . 
  ] ( http://graphics.thomsonreuters.com/f/09/eurozone_report2.html ) the situation is n't ideal , but it is being dealt with rather well given the lack of institutional capacity that the eu had to address the issue from the outset . 
  britain has , more than any other european country , punched well above its weight . 
  this is best illustrated by the fact that english is the world 's lingua franca . 
  it was the most powerful country in the world for a long time , created the world 's largest empire , has n't been conquered in nearly a thousand years , and has made immeasurable contributions to global culture and knowledge . 
  there is also something to be said for the many brits who feel a greater cultural proximity to the anglo states than to many other european countries . 
  the continent knows better than britain the horrors that nationalism and animosity wrought . 
  when the dust of the world wars and the cold war finally settled , they agreed on greater cooperation and reconciliation . 
  by comparison , britain was relatively untouched by some of the most important events of the 20th century . 
  britain is used to giving the orders , not receiving them . 
  it really comes down to nationalism . 
  this is why you almost always only ever hear british eurosceptics rambling on about sovereignty . 
  the uk is generally the country that prevents ( or tries to prevent ) the union from becoming more of a union . 
  a referendum is like any other election . 
  the outcome can be predicted , and that prediction can be wrong . 
  the greek issues has little effect on britain since it is outside the eurozone . 
  although the issue is far from being resolved , it is being better managed than it was a few years ago . 
  the rhetoric going back and forth between greece and germany/eu is designed to resonate with domestic audiences rather than have any legitimate meaning . 
  both sides know that greece leaving the euro is n't really an option .
