  i do n't think so . 
  european nato states should spend more on defense . 
  the way trump is going about this is undermining the confidence that european states ( and our other allies by proxy ) have in the american security guarantee . 
   if we end up leaving nato , then good . 
  this means that the us loses leverage over the eu , the eu becomes a more independently powerful and cohesive actor , and russia is strengthened relative to the west , all while china is gaining strength in the asia-pacific . 
  congratulations , you 've just destroyed a stable unipolar international system and replaced it with an unstable multipolar one . 
  the last time there were n't one or two countries that were head and shoulders more powerful than everyone else , we had the world wars . 
  you 're taking the post-ww2 peace among the great powers for granted . 
  that 's the thing . 
  he and his supporters do n't understand that their foreign policy is going to piss away american hegemony for no good reason . 
  how anyone can think of those four people and decide they seem smart enough to be in positions of power is beyond me . 
  fuck that 's cool, 
  by federalizing it . 
  i see you 've correctly identified the reason why people come to the us is to escape popular voting . 
  there 's no reason why a developed and diversified economy of 500 million people and ~ $ 18 trillion gdp should have any financial centers ? 
  finance is significant part of every diversified economy . 
  if you 're suggesting that there 's no reason for the eu to have a financial center as large as new york or london , then that 's a different argument , because any moderately sized city is a financial center . 
  cities are not only clusters of people , but of industries . 
  you can toss a couple of banks in the middle of a cornfield in iowa and it would be a financial center , albeit a small one . 
  no , i do n't work in finance . 
  i think they 're sort of busy at the moment . 
  paris is already among the most important financial centers in the world . 
  if the french government aggressively took advantage of a hard brexit , paris would be up there with new york , hong kong , and tokyo soon enough . 
  the fact that paris is n't on par with london is n't because of onerous french labor laws or lack of english speakers ; it 's that its competing with london . 
  we do n't have two new york sized financial centers in the us . 
  there 's no reason why the eu should either . 
  the quickest way to reinvigorate support for the eu would be for it to collapse overnight . 
  sometimes people do n't know how good they 've got it until they do n't have it anymore . 
  we tried , man . 
  our slave-owning founding fathers are responsible for our uniquely shitty electoral system . 
   sometimes look into anglophone political discussion fora , british hostility towards the eu has been planted in all anglophone country , with the added problem that these people do n't know the first thing about european politics and honestly believe the eu is about to collapse . 
  i have a degree in eu politics and government . 
  you have no idea how hard it is to try to convince my countrymen that the idea of the eu 's imminent collapse is absurd . 
  these people know next to nothing about the eu other than it 's in europe and uses european dollars . 
  americans ' knowledge of the eu is like a watered-down version of the british public 's knowledge of the eu . 
  one ticket to the region of tortellini and blowjobs please . 
  why does a comment like this get upvoted ? 
  it adds nothing to the discussion . 
  you 're just insulting people for its own sake . 
  would i be upvoted if i said europeans are stupid ? 
  newsflash : populism exists all across europe . 
  there are stupid people in every country . 
  thinking your people are somehow immune to deleterious political ideologies is what everyone thinks until it actually happens . 
  this may have been true fifty years ago . 
  pretty much everyone now knows about the internment camps and atrocities committed against the native americans . 
  i predict it will become a pilgrimage site for drunks to piss on . 
  the far right was creeping up in europe before it did in the us . 
  it is a phenomenon that has swept the western world . 
  the peculiarities of our electoral system gave it a greater foothold here than is some other western countries , however . 
  nevertheless , i do n't see trump lasting a full term . 
  cultural similarity is a more powerful bond than any geopolitical factor . 
  because our cultures are incredibly similar , we watch the same tv shows , speak the same languages , share the same values , have a shared history etc. 
  what a stupid idiot . 
  what is happening to my country ? 
  i appreciate it . 
  i learned something !, 
    china does n't have the same natural linguistic diversity that the us and uk have . 
  it 'll be harder to find someone who speaks swahili in china than in the us . 
   this is incorrect . 
  china is ranked way higher in the ldi ( linguistic diversity index ) than the us . 
  china is ranked at .491 while the us is ranked at .353 which 23 spots below china . 
   i think that what you 're trying to say here is that the us has more numerous and diverse immigrant communities than china . 
  that would probably be correct . 
  it would indeed be easier to find someone who speaks swahili in the us than it would be in china . 
  yes , this is what i was trying to say . 
  you are right , but i do n't think there are millions of russians who are both fluent in english and qualified to work on state cybersecurity issues . 
  furthermore , the us and uk also pool a lot of their security efforts with each other and their allies , most of which are not english speaking countries . 
  no , but right-wing parties embrace religion to a far greater degree than left-wing parties . 
  and they 're usually specific religions . 
  the republican party embraces judaism and christianity , but not really islam , where as the democratic party is more accepting of all of them , but does n't really invoke them in their political ideology . 
  if i was gay or a jew and had issues with islam , one of these parties would be more appealing to me than the others . 
  i also want to add on that certain elements of the american far-right are anti-semitic ( alt-reich ) , while others rabidly defend israel ( rank and file bible-thumping republicans/freedom caucus ) it increasingly seems that only things that bind the disparate elements of the american right together are a desire for lower taxes and a distaste for liberals . 
   they drew and keep drawing talented people with relevant knowledge due to their reputation worldwide . 
  it 's not just their reputation , but the fact the uk and the us ( even more so ) have huge and diverse immigrant populations with foreign language skills . 
  more homogenous countries do n't have this luxury . 
  the article itself mentions that anglophones were scarce in china decades ago . 
  the fact that there are so many english speakers in china is due to english being a lingua franca . 
  china does n't have the same natural linguistic diversity that the us and uk have . 
  it 'll be harder to find someone who speaks swahili in china than in the us . 
  it 's part of an image he purposefully cultivates . 
  i did hear that there is a spot for an island nation opening up . 
  / u/strebor30 did n't even address his opinion . 
  he set up a strawman and went after the fact that / u/heeuman expressed an opinion on defense policy while also * assuming * he has n't or would not serve in the armed forces . 
  the content of his opinion was completely untouched . 
  he was attempting to establish a barrier of entry to even discuss defense policy . 
   farming is super important for the future and our country should heavily invest in farming and we need to have hundreds of thousands of people to be trained as farmers . 
  people talk all the time about how we need more nurses , doctors , and teachers , without going into any of those professions . 
  i 'm willing to bet you 've supported those very ideas too . 
  we live in complex societies where every person has a specialized role because no one man is capable of doing everything . 
  we have open and honest discussions about how our society should be managed , including on war and defense , because every single person has a stake in it . 
   i however , do n't want to be a farmer because it 's hard and i could get hurt . 
  so i think everyone else should implement my farming idea while i find something easier and safer to do '' nowhere in this comment chain did he say anything like this . 
  you 're making an unfair and bad analogy by introducing new variables . 
  this is such a stupid argument . 
  he 's expressing an opinion on defense policy . 
  are you going to chastise him if he expresses an opinion on agricultural subsidies even if he 's not a farmer ? 
   is there no attempt / public interest to decrease work time ? 
  not really . 
  the people who do risk being branded as lazy or socialists . 
  there is a huge social stigma against laziness in america .
