  the us has a dark history in the americas ( and many other places ) . 
  i would n't be so sure about yourself friend . 
  no country has a clean history , which is something that everybody knows too . 
  people also generally understand why the us has better relations with the americas today than thirty years ago : because nearly every country in the hemisphere is a democracy , and democracies tend to talk about and address their differences peacefully . 
  the us also does n't possess any formal colonies any more , and the era of state-sponsored covert regime change in latin america has been over for quite some time . 
  notice how we never got rid of hugo chavez ? 
  notice how we 've normalized relations with cuba ? 
   i suspect we 'll see more `` eu '' like organisations appearing within the next few decades , south america and africa especially , africa already slowly becoming one ( there was even a proposal for freedom of movement in the african union several months ago ) . 
  they already exist . 
  asean has been around since 1967 , but has n't come anywhere close to the level of integration of the eu . 
  unasur and the au are more feelgood projects than they are actual regional governing entities . 
   i do n't think us credibility has ever been lower than it is now . 
  are you too young to remember 2003-2009 ? 
   no 'em pire ' lasts/stays on top forever . 
  right , but there 's no indication that the us is anywhere close to being on its way out . 
  the doom and gloom was always about the british economy after brexit , not the referendum . 
  furthermore , no one ever seriously suggested that the british economy would implode upon leaving the eu , but rather it would perform far more poorly than had it remained . 
  let 's also not forget that although literally nothing about your status in the eu has changed since the referendum , you are all poorer because of the hit to the pound . 
  i agree with all your points except that the eu is capable of overtaking the us as the senior partner in the partnership . 
  the us has a lot of things going for it that make it a superpower . 
  it is n't just gdp + population + military power , although these are the most important elements . 
  for example , the us is geographically blessed relative to every other great power . 
  there are no other great powers in its hemisphere . 
  almost every country in the americas is an ally or friend of the us . 
  the us is also bounded by two massive oceans that make invasion almost impossible . 
  the us also has a lot more allies , and powerful ones at that , than every other great power . 
  it has foreign bases in every part of the world as a result , and has more vested interests in asia than europe does , and has more vested interests in europe than asia does . 
  it is a global trendsetter , innovation center , and attracts the most highly educated and trained individuals in the world , and has been the largest destination for immigrants for almost two centuries . 
  it also has a national identity that is n't linked to any ethnic or religious group . 
  it 's really a perfect storm that accentuates american power . 
  no other country ( or regional organization ) on the planet comes anywhere close to having all of these advantages . 
   until quite recently , the geo-strategic view of europe from washington has been extraordinarily consistent since the end of the cold war . 
  at base , this view holds that europe is important to the united states . 
  ** but it also holds that europe is the most stable , the most prosperous , and potentially the most self-sufficient region of the world . 
  for the last three decades , the us approach to europe has focused on getting europe to provide for its own security and even , optimistically , to become an exporter of stability in its broader neighbourhood to the east and south . 
  ** the soviet union has been gone for 20 + years , the eu exists as a functional , albeit imperfect and slow , regional government , and europe itself is populous , rich , and technologically advanced . 
  on paper , europe is more than capable of being a superpower second only to the united states , but its complacency to let the us informally lead the west on most major international political issues dampens our ability to pursue our interests in other parts of the world . 
  the us should n't have had to have been the driving force behind nato 's interventions in the balkans wars , nor the chief opposition to the russian annexation of crimea and state-sponsored insurgency in eastern ukraine . 
  on joint ventures , like in syria , iraq , and libya , europe should be contributing far more than they currently do . 
  a region with twice as many people as the us and a larger gdp still acts timidly toward russia . 
  the us does n't want to have to refight the cold war with russia . 
  it 's busy fighting a new cold war with china . 
  european nations ' resurgent nationalism and growing antipathy toward europeanization are making it a less effective partner of and increasing nuisance to the united states . 
  in what world do you live where america circa 1945 is n't better than the soviet union circa 1945 in virtually every respect ? 
  nice , can you be a billionaire ? 
  i thought we all agreed in 1945 that you 'd all speak english instead of european so we do n't have to keep the tanks fired up 24/7 . 
  i had no idea this was an actual word . 
  thankfully this was a false alarm . 
  regardless , i ca n't help but imagine what the fallout would be if the eiffel tower was destroyed . 
  it may very well be the most recognizable structure on earth . 
  term limits for elected officials make elected officials more reliant on lobbyists and their staff , who are unelected , making them less capable representatives of their constituents . 
  and yet a healthy number of presidents have still lost reelection . 
  this is n't true . 
  in reality , term limits make elected officials more reliant on lobbyists and their staff ( who are unelected ) to perform their jobs , making them a less capable representative of their constituents . 
  it also means that they become less invested in the job when they start looking fora new one because they 're about to be kicked out of office . 
  term limits are one of those things that sounds good on paper , but sucks in reality . 
  it 's been awful in california , where the legislature has become less capable as a result . 
  weak . 
  i plan to , but she is no obama . 
  russia is n't interested in democracy or free markets , which is what the us has striven to make the international system based on . 
  they invade and annex territory both formally and informally that it sees as historically russian . 
  they 're a threat to both us and our allies . 
  turkey has no intention of leaving nato , and it was under a year ago that they shot down a russian combat aircraft . 
  turkey is a mess , but its still our mess . 
  agreed , but i do n't think obama would run for a third term anyway . 
  he seems tired . 
  yea , that 's a big problem here too . 
  given our options this year , i 'd rather have obama for another four . 
  there is an issue emerging in the us regarding streaming . 
  five years ago , netflix was really the only game in town , but now there are a lot of competitors like amazon prime , hulu , hbo go etc. 
  one of the main reasons netflix got so big in the first place was because it was a one-stop shop for many consumers . 
  i suspect that piracy in the us will increase again now content is becoming increasingly spread across a number of different streaming platforms , most of which require their own subscriptions . 
  is something similar happening in europe ? 
   surprise flaschm\u00f6b, 
  it was an emergency call from the international drainage commission in springfield !, 
  it 's not worth it anymore though . 
  i love that the us is often the scapegoat for shady political turmoil across the world . 
  it makes people think we 're more powerful than we actually are . 
  * viktor orban * nigel farage * david cameron * sobriety * the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland, 
  it 's amazing how safe nato makes you guys feel . 
  it 's amazing how safe nato makes you guys feel . 
  it 's amazing how safe nato makes you guys feel . 
  take notes britain . 
  oh shit , slovenians confirmed for jewish illluminati lizard people, 
  that is why there are two measures of gdp , nominal and purchasing power parity . 
  no , i 've just fallen in love with the idea that trump is a manchurian candidate for putin . 
  yes , i 'm aware . 
  melania trump to visit parents in slovenia tomorrow . 
  donald trump : `` we have the best coincidences , do n't we folks ? . '', 
  she should be fired and replaced by a lesbian . 
  every article uses pre-brexit figures because brexit has n't happened yet . 
  the referendum will undoubtedly have an impact on export and import figures , but not nearly as much as actually leaving the eu will . 
  no , the council of the eu is the one that is comprised of national ministers and functions as the upper house . 
  the european council consists of pms/presidents , the president of the council , the president of the commission , and the high representative . 
  gdp is simply a measure of the total value of goods and services in a country . 
  it 's useful insofar as it lets us compare the size of economies . 
  trying to extrapolate quality of life from it rather than from other measures that are explicitly designed to measure it is your fault , not gdp 's . 
  it 's the council of the eu . 
  the european council is the body made of up heads of state/government . 
  the names are retarded .
