  i agree with everything you said . 
  the united states is very often hailed as being the most successful monetary union in history . 
  i doubt anyone would really disagree that it has been wildly successful , but this is mostly because the federal government has grown more powerful over the past two centuries . 
  the eu is still very much a confederation , and monetary union will not be fully realized until it evolves into a more federal structure . 
   the parliament needs changes too , because as it is now , its a parking area for those politicians who are not worth using at home . 
  this is because it has little power relative to national parliaments . 
  one of the reasons why integration has been so successful is because it has consisted almost entirely of `` low politics '' like economics , rather than `` high politics '' such as foreign policy and national security . 
  national parliaments still have a fairly strong monopoly on high politics , and as such , they attract those who aspire for more power , prestige , and influence . 
  as the european parliament gains more and more power , this will begin to shift . 
  it is actually quite interesting just how similar the development of some aspects of the eu have been to america 's political development . 
  from the inception of the constitution until the end of the civil war , state legislatures were generally considered to be more prestigious , and as such , congress was generally used as a stepping stone for political aspirants . 
  this gradually changed as the federal government 's role expanded and its power became more defined through tradition ( and also because congress was one of the first buildings to install air conditioning ) . 
  the exact same thing is happening to the european union . 
  this is a good thing . 
  i hold the belief that the more parties in a democracy , the better . 
  this is also notable because it is forcing established parties to create more coherent policies regarding internet issues . 
  the increasing power and use of the internet has come to a head , now forcing it into the policy arena . 
  it remains to be seen what will come of this . 
  explanations : japan industrialized much more quickly than the rest of asia , and as such , became the first non-european great power alongside the united states . 
  for much of the 19th century and the first half of the 20th century , they were the most powerful country in asia . 
  the korean peninsula and much of northern china were under the influence of imperial japan , coupled with a strong chinese identity , the widespread belief that their culture was superior to europe 's , and the geographic complexity of colonizing inner china explains why some areas of china were never colonized . 
  thailand resisted colonization through widespread modernization efforts and it also served a practical purpose a a buffer between british india and french indochina . 
  afghanistan is a geopolitical nightmare to try and conquer , though it was influenced to a degree by the british presence in pakistan . 
  perhaps someone can explain why saudi arabia was never colonized . 
  if i had to make a guess , i 'd say it was because some of the holiest places in islam are located there , and colonizing it would be incredibly difficult . 
  the mayonnaise v. ketchup debate might be the single most important debate between europeans and americans . 
  how is the lse ranked so low ? 
  i 'm calling bs here . 
  as different as the uk is from continental europe , it 's still closer to it , culturally and economically , than canada is . 
  canada is like diet america . 
  this is definitely true , but i think the aim is to facilitate it . 
  as it stands now , individual european nations are increasingly irrelevant in international affairs . 
  i understand that many europeans may like not having the associated burden of being a global power , but europe has been the center of human civilization for centuries , and still has a lot to offer the world . 
  with the emergence of china , india , russia , brazil in addition to the united states , the only way europe can make its voice heard is through unity . 
  i do n't want to see a europe with the hard power that can match the united states , but i do want to see a europe that can exceed the united states in soft power . 
  europe can serve as an exemplar of human civilization , which is only further substantiated by a conscious decision to avoid conflict . 
   other than not being america , are there any other things you are looking for ? 
  this is important . 
  you should really have several other , legitimate reasons for moving to a different country . 
  the us may have a lot of problems , but so does every other place in the world . 
  i hope it is n't . 
  only savages have sex face to face . 
  all the nutella i 've had in the united states has been the french kind i guess . 
  sounds a lot like america . 
  his lack of conviction , his uncomfortable and plastic nature , and bland personality . 
  i should mention that i am a box of oatmeal . 
  it 's fascinating how so many in the united states insist on fighting the cold war more than 20 years after it ended . 
  unfortunately this applies to every country . 
  i 've heard that there are a lot of people who consider themselves british as a result of having each parent of a different nationality . 
  welsh father , scottish mother --  british offspring, 
  this wo/man is doing it right . 
  if only all 7 billion of us thought this way . 
  let 's not forget that the bailouts are not a transfer of money , but rather loans that greece and other countries will have to pay back in time . 
  the east v. west thing is really more of a friendly rivalry . 
  the biggest cultural divide that exists in the united states is between the northeast/west and the south . 
  can california join the eu please ? 
   spiegel : sarkozy accuses you of stigmatizing success . 
   hollande : if i were to support failure , i would support nicolas sarkozy . 
  a particularly scathing and clever remark . 
  i hope hollande ends up winning the election , if for nothing else , to establish the need for a more moderate approach to european policy between berlin and paris . 
  having opposing parties in power in the two most important eu states may provide greater room for flexibility and creativity in dealing with europe 's woes . 
  this is most likely a ploy to appeal to the far right of the french electorate to try and consolidate a wider base of support , similar to the whole burqa ban debacle . 
  even if sarkozy were to win a second term , i find it very unlikely that he would follow through on something like this , especially when he and chancellor merkel are constantly calling for the necessity of more europe , not less . 
  those are also characteristics of many developed countries right now ( france and the us for example ) . 
  if it were revealed tomorrow than the governments of france and the us had been hiding just * how * bad their fiscal state was , then surely it would be wrong to blame the french and american peoples . 
  they were lied to by their governments just like everyone else . 
  they did n't know . 
   maybe also on the thousands that committed pension fraud , on the greek 1 % who have their money in swiss bank accounts to not pay taxes . 
  on a widespread mentality that somehow managed to dissociate the fiscal part of their state from themselves . 
  of course there were bad apples that exacerbated their fiscal state . 
  what i 'm arguing is that the vast majority of greeks had little to do with the state of their affairs . 
  it is n't fair to blame ten million people for the problems that a few created . 
  it is these people who are now suffering unjustly and unnecessarily . 
  it 's like blaming 310 million americans for the financial crisis that was created by a lack of regulation and an abundance of bad decisions by businesses . 
   when you say the past several governments in a democracy , do n't forget that these greeks have voted for these governments . 
  voted for the guys who 'd get them short term benefits above the long term financial safety of the country . 
  let 's not forget that the revelations that several , successive governments lied repeatedly to various organizations , including the greek public , did not come until after the fact . 
  how does the fact that people voted for the offending parties give them any sort of responsibility when the parties lied to the voters ? 
  should i blame the american people for the problems their country has endured because they voted for one of two parties ? 
  is it really the voters fault that a government does much of what it does ? 
  of course not . 
  they vote for parties or individuals with the intent that they will represent their own political views better than anyone else on the ballot . 
  modern democracies are not government by the people . 
  they are representative democracies . 
  if the 10 million greek citizens had concluded with each other as a collective to lie to eurostat about their fiscal order , then i would agree that the greek people are to blame , but this is not the case . 
  it 's not my fault that my representative is n't a perfect representative of my political ideology . 
  it 's simply reality . 
  political systems do n't just change on a dime . 
  much of the time you have to work with what you 've got , as sad as that is . 
  the greeks , spanish , portuguese , irish and italians all have to make do with the parties that helped get them into this whole mess . 
  such is the nature of these institutions . 
  blaming the greeks for the problems that plague their country may feel good to many people , but it does n't solve the problem , and it is largely unsubstantiated . 
   greeks have mostly themselves to blame for the condition of their country . 
  most of the blame lays on the past several governments . 
  one of the things that frustrates me most about this entire debacle is the assertion that this is the fault of the greeks . 
  the vast , * vast * majority of greeks had incredibly little to do with the situation their country faces . 
  they can not be held accountable in the same way i can not be held accountable for my own countries failures . 
  this is especially troublesome given that the greek governments not only lied to the eu and various other organizations , but they lied to their own people . 
  there was no conspiracy among the 10 million + greeks to deliberately hide or alter their financial woes . 
  the greek people are suffering terribly as result of this unfortunate misunderstanding of the crisis .
