  the intervention is libya is evidence of that . 
  you defeated av , while not perfect , would have been an improvement over fptp . 
  house of lords reform has been delayed by successive governments for decades . 
  the majority of your country still supports the monarchy . 
  i have an advanced degree in ir and eu affairs . 
  i think i 'm ok on the informed front . 
   because we have a say in our own goverment , but most feel that we have little say in the eu its out side out control and the people with the power to change it do n't seem to want reform . 
  britain has a say in the eu , just like every other country . 
  the difference is that the rest of the eu does not harbor the same views as you do to nearly the same degree . 
  this is what it means to be the minority in a democracy . 
  it means you do n't always get what you want . 
  ask a scot how they feel about the government in westminster . 
   as an american would you want the us to join the eu ? 
  no , for several reasons . 
  we are a superpower . 
  we do n't need to be a member of an organization like the eu to increase our relevance in global affairs . 
  if we had to wait for luxembourg 's prime minister to approve a policy , it would only hinder our ability to act on the global stage . 
  we would be the largest member state by an enormous margin . 
  we are four times as populous as germany , with a higher growth rate . 
  our economy would account for more than half of the eu 's gdp . 
  we would have outsized influence in the eu . 
  federations generally do n't work well when one political subdivision is so much larger than the others . 
  this is actually one of the reasons why the soviet union fell apart . 
  russian nationalists , like boris yeltsin , argued that the soviet union was a bad deal for russia since it was the biggest and wealthiest soviet republic ( it was over half of the ussr 's population and gdp ) . 
  our political culture is drastically different from europe 's . 
  we do n't have anything close to the general consensus on a social market type economy that the majority of eu states do , including your own . 
  we would be even more liable than we already are for your defense while carrying a disproportionate amount of the burden . 
  none of those four points hold true for britain . 
  furthermore , i very much want a global federation , but it will not happen in my lifetime . 
  i want the us to be a part of that organization when it is realized . 
  could the eu be more democratic ? 
  yes . 
  could the uk be more democratic ? 
  yes . 
  why do brits make a huge fuss about the eu but not their own government ? 
  furthermore , why do you continually support governments that oppose democratic reforms of the eu and support the intergovernmental institutions to a greater degree ? 
  it 's hypocritical . 
  if you 're going to bitch about the eu being undemocratic and then leave it , you should be doing the same thing about your own government . 
  you have zero moral high ground to stand on . 
  i 'm just going to stop here . 
  british parliamentary constituencies are n't equal in size . 
  the prime minister is indirectly elected . 
  the house of lords is unelected . 
  the british head of state is an unelected monarch . 
  furthermore , nearly every single democracy on the planet has undemocratic characteristics : the united states senate gives california and wyoming equal weight , even though the former is ~ 70 times more populous . 
  the president of the united states is indirectly elected . 
  the germany bundesrat gives 3 votes each to hamburg and bremen , even though the former is three times as populous . 
  france , the us , and the uk , among the oldest and most powerful democracies on the planet , are majoritarian democracies that do not use proportional representation . 
  should i go on ? 
  i swear to god , you guys are really reaching for any excuse to hate the eu . 
   learning more about how the eu operates made me considerably more skeptical and distrustful of the eu than i was when i did n't really understand how it worked . 
  that people like junker have so much power over 500 million people without having any democratic mandate is obscene and dangerous . 
  you should try learning more then , including how to spell his name ( merkel 's too ) . 
  juncker has the strongest democratic mandate of any commission president . 
  the 2014 ep elections were run similarly to your own elections , though they 're even fairer since they 're pr . 
  the parties named their nominees for the presidency of the commission if they won , just like how you 'd expect the labour leader to become pm if he won . 
  the process has been called spitzenkandidaten if you 're interested . 
  guess who fought hardest against this change ? 
  david cameron , then-prime minister of the member state that complains the most about the perceived democratic deficit in the eu . 
  furthermore , the powers of the president of the commission have been significantly reduced ever since jacques delors held the office . 
  the rise of the european council , which is actually one of the more undemocratic institutions of the eu , but one of those liked most by the uk , has grown in power at its expense . 
  if you truly want to become informed about the eu , read scholarly articles about it , not newspaper articles . 
  newspapers reach a broader audience and dumb down their information as a result . 
  the most important scholars to read are stanley hoffman , ernst b. haas , and andrew moravcsik . 
  they should honestly be required reading for anyone before they take a strong stance on the eu as a whole . 
  i do n't know what leaders you 've been listening to , but eurocrats have , for decades , lauded the eu and explained its importance in facilitating business , political and economic cooperation , cultural understanding , and reconciliation . 
  if you take your cues from national leaders , who use the eu as a convenient punching bag and scapegoat to advance their own careers , you wo n't have a clear view of the eu . 
  the people who actually work for the eu are n't eurosceptics . 
  lol, 
  sure , the uk has a great deal of soft power , that 's true , but russia 's conventional forces dwarf both britain 's and france 's . 
  the only thing russia lacks in relative terms is a strong navy . 
  but that does n't matter because russia 's interests are almost entirely located in eurasia , where it does n't need a navy . 
   we are also significantly more powerful than france . 
  no , you are n't . 
  this is the kind of nationalist drivel that makes it hard to take some british posters here seriously . 
  just because you used to be more powerful than france a lifetime ago does n't make it true today . 
  it 's been a toss-up between the two for decades now . 
  you have similarly sized populations , economies , have roughly the same allies , are members of the same significant international organizations , and cooperate closely with the united states . 
  britain has marginally closer ties than france to the anglosphere and certain former colonies like india , and france has marginally closer ties with the rest of the eu , africa , and some former french colonies . 
  france 's armed forces are currently more engaged more extensively than britain 's . 
  france is not as war-weary as britain because it did n't participate in the iraq war . 
  france has an active nuclear powered aircraft carrier that is inter-operable with american planes and naval assets , whereas the same will not be true of the queen elizabeth class carriers . 
  france has more nuclear weapons than britain , as well as ones that can be delivered by aircraft . 
  france 's air force , navy , and army are also all slightly bigger than britain 's at the moment . 
  if anything , france currently has the edge on britain . 
  i do n't give a shit if britain or france is slightly more powerful than the other , but to claim that one is significantly more powerful than the other is outright wrong . 
  japan and germany are often considered economic great powers , but they do n't come close to the military power of even france or the uk . 
  they have very little power projection and are n't nuclear powers , and have spent less on defense for decades . 
  brazil is the weakest of the four you named . 
  it 's domestic situation isnt stable , it 's economy has historically performed poorly , and it is not considered a relevant military power by anyone . 
  india certainly has a claim to being a great power , but it has so many domestic shortcomings and a lacking military sophistication to be considered superior to the uk or france . 
  it gets by on sheer size alone . 
  the benefit of intelligence sharing we receive from the special relationship does n't come close to the value of the geopolitical stability the eu provides to an entire continent . 
  the fact that the eu took former soviet republics and satellite states under its wing is more valuable than sigint sharing between the us and uk . 
  we 'd rather make sure the eu can keep the continent working together than have to continue to fight your enemies for you . 
  it 's comments like this that make it hard to tell who is a troll and who is retarded . 
  you 're right that it is a ridiculous premise , but it gets to the heart of the point that the eu sans uk is more important to the us than the uk alone . 
  the us , russia , china , the uk , and france are the most widely agreed upon great powers . 
  there is stratification among those 5 however , with the uk and france clearly occupying the lowest tier . 
  across the eu they 're the minority , but yes , in britain they are no longer ( though they used to be ) .
