  there can be multiple official languages within each member state , however . 
  21 october 2026 `` brexit is the best thing the uk ever did . '', 
  it 's true , but we supported european integration from the get-go , decades before britain was a member . 
  we like the eu because it makes europe a more capable junior partner , but make no mistake that we still very much prefer having the eu as the junior partner . 
  the problem is that brexiteers would view that as the eu being mean and petulant , only furthering their argument that any hardship brexit britain faces is because of the eu . 
  `` alright everyone , i 've decided to quit our book club at the end of february . 
  however , it 's still january , so i 'm not going to agree to read * harry potter * even though the rest of you want to , so pick something else for this month . '', 
  you 're not the only one paying for dinner . 
  you 're not even the biggest contributor to the budget nor the richest country in the eu . 
  do n't act like it . 
  granted i 'm not british nor a resident in britain , but i 'm a strong supporter of britain remaining in the eu . 
  however , i do n't agree that remainers should fight for eea membership . 
  yes , it would preserve a lot of the rights and benefits that britain currently has , but it would also add fuel to the fire of brexiteers and eurosceptics . 
  regardless of whether or not one believes the eu is too undemocratic to stomach , the eea certainly is . 
  i think a hard brexit is necessary to quell the dangerous rise of populism in the uk . 
  furthermore , i think the hardships that britain is likely to face outside the eu will act as a convenient control experiment for those who wish to see what life is like for a modern european state outside of the eu . 
  we wo n't have to rely on counterfactuals , which are inherently unprovable . 
  brexit may very well strengthen the eu , the exact opposite effect many brexiteers hoped for . 
  i truly feel for the 48 % of voters who opted to remain and those whose minds will inevitably change going forward . 
  i have zero sympathy for anyone who doubles down on their brexit support despite hardships . 
  there 's no doubt in my mind that britain will eventually rejoin the eu . 
  hopefully as a fully engaged member , rather than one whose foot has been out the door for decades . 
  giving national governments and parliaments more power over eu policy makes the eu less democratic , not more . 
  a handful of states that represent a small minority of the population can kill legislation and trade deals . 
  it 's undemocratic for 4 states with 3 % of the eu 's population to kill an initiative supported by 24 states and 97 % of the eu 's population . 
  yes , veto power is essential for certain areas of governance , but the power that individual states have within the eu is ridiculously high . 
  people grade the eu as if it was a federal government , but refuse to give it the power to actually act as one . 
  the eu is in a situation where it 's damned if it does and damned if it does n't . 
  this is actually not an uncommon occurrence . 
  an example : the reason why the eu constitution was rejected by french voters was because the parties used it as a way to score political points at one another 's expense . 
  chirac called a referendum partially as a way to undermine the socialists , who were more split on the issue ( though their official stance was eventually in support of the constitution , like the government ) . 
  before the brexit referendum , the french and dutch referendums on the eu constitution were commonly highlighted as examples of the danger that direct democracy posed to european governance and integration . 
  direct democracy is a terrible way to govern a country when it comes to major decisions or constitutional issues . 
  it 's fine for more trivial matters , like legalizing marijuana or casinos . 
  yea , it 's remarkable how little the average person knows about the eu . 
  i ca n't tell you how much it frustrates me when i see people conflate a free trade area with the single market . 
  at the very least , some people are getting a civics lesson out of this . 
  rome, 
  the uk always had control of immigration from outside the eu . 
  limiting immigration from the eu itself undermines the single market , which is one of the main purposes of the eu . 
  the fact that people bang on about immigrants from eastern europe , but almost never about immigrants from the anglosphere or western europe only furthers the argument that they 're xenophobes or racists . 
  are you suggesting that immigration was n't an impetus for many leave voters ? 
  immigrants in the uk can see and hear your political discourse , which has now been infused with more xenophobia and racism . 
  / u/vaultsnapper made an insightful comment on the / r/unitedkingdom thread for this same story . 
   yeah that 's not how we really see it though . 
  i 'm a second gen eu immigrant and the fact the vote was so overwhelmingly about immigration leads us to feel like people either want us to go ` home ' or they would deny us entry if we arrived today . 
   telling people like us to fuck off is really not that different to telling us to fuck off . 
  man , i have such a hard fucking time trying to understand brexiteer/eurosceptic arguments . 
  on nearly every objective measure , eu membership is a good thing . 
  europe has never been better organized than it is today under the eu . 
  every single one of their more substantive arguments can be easily countered by facts and figures . 
  the * only * argument that makes any sort of sense to me is that the eu undermines national sovereignty . 
  personally , i do n't agree that nationalism is a good reason to leave or hate the eu , because it 's an emotional argument , but at least i understand it . 
  i have zero problem with anyone who voted out because of nationalist sentiment . 
  i have a problem with those who twist that argument into anything else that can be easily beaten down . 
  i feel like a lot of the leave voters are pretty ardent nationalists that either do n't realize it or do n't want to admit to it . 
  put yourself in her shoes . 
  what would you take away from this ? 
  what better way to prove your tolerance and open-mindedness by booing a foreigner as she explains why she feels unwelcome . 
  transcripts of the brexit negotiations will be framed and put on display in the louvre . 
  my hope is that being outside the eu for some time will humble britain . 
  unfortunately , it looks like brexiteers are already establishing the narrative that any hardship will be because of the eu seeking to be punitive . 
  the eu can just wait them out . 
  i love stromae . 
  / r/murica, 
  based on what television and movies have taught me about britain , this represents close to 75 % of their gdp . 
  fucking love it . 
   the ~ ~ scots ~ ~ british wo n't leave , not after realising that the ~ ~ snp ~ ~ tories and ukip had lied about everything in the ~ ~ last ~ ~ referendum campaign , especially the value of the ~ ~ oil ~ ~ uk 's contribution to the eu 's budget remember that we live in a post-truth political environment now . 
   the saucer-shaped robot was supposed to have touched down on the red planet just before 1500 gmt ( 1600 bst ) . 
  a radio transmission that should have allowed scientists to follow the probe to the surface was not received . 
   ...  the european space agency will not be rushed to judgement on whether this mission has been a success or a failure . 
  it will wait on the reports of the satellites . 
  both european and american orbiters were tasked with tracking the event . 
  landing on mars is notoriously difficult . 
  i hope they 're able to recover the signal , otherwise it does n't bode well for the planned esa rover in 2021 . 
  damn stocks , they ruined stockland !, 
  the eu has had a major treaty revision roughly once a decade since its founding . 
  it 's a gradual process . 
  the argument that it ca n't be improved or reformed is complete horseshit peddled by people who do n't know anything about the eu . 
  remember to get lettuceraum , pickelhaubs , and mustard gas on it . 
  but callisto , like turkey , is n't * really * part of europe because it 's muslim . 
  esa 's * mars express * deployed the british-made * beagle 2 * shortly after arriving at mars in late 2003 . 
  two of the lander 's solar panels failed to deploy and blocked its communications antenna , making its location on the surface unknown for twelve years . 
  it remains to be seen whether or not this was prophetic . 
   to celebrate we 've hidden 10 pieces of reddit gold on different european subreddits . 
  each piece can only be claimed once !, 
  ( max one per person ) . 
  you have to find one without any clues . 
  spaniards and portuguese , man the ships !, 
  we 're lookin ' for gold !, 
  that kind of marketing genius and more for your business in beautiful paris !, 
  you made the right choice to be born in a developed country . 
  there has never been an internal expansion of the eu . 
  these would be uncharted waters , just like brexit is . 
  there is no precedent upon which to rely . 
  greece , spain , and portugal were all poor countries when they joined the eu . 
  regional , structural , and cap funds helped turn them into developed economies . 
  no , it was n't . 
  the ecsc was initially created to make war among its member states materially impossible . 
  as a european , it is your civic duty to know this .
