  i forgot that this is why china is the poster-child for environmentalism and that ireland is not a tax haven . 
  all three of those countries are intimately tied to the common market , which is something post-brexit britain will not have . 
  britain is destined to become the canada to the eu 's united states . 
  that is n't meant as a slight ( canada is a wonderful country ) , rather that it will always exist in the shadow of a giant . 
   regulatory competition this is how you get a race to the bottom . 
   there are racists , xenophones and bigots all over the world . 
  rather than singling out the uk here , it would be better if you pointed this out . 
  otherwise you are implying incorrectly that the uk has a specific problem that other countries do not have . 
  and that would be bigoted of you . 
  i never suggested otherwise . 
  you 're inferring something i never said . 
  i 'm more than confident that you know i do n't think racism is only a problem in the uk . 
  furthermore , the guy i was responding to is the one who brought up the uk :  `` nah man , in the uk literally everything is deemed offensive these days . '', 
  maybe you should get upset at him for making this about the uk instead of me . 
  my first comment in this chain was only about political ideology vis-a-vis politcal correctness . 
  it had nothing to do with any specific country . 
  you are n't arguing anything substantive here , nor are you even arguing with me . 
  rather , it looks exactly as though you 're rushing to defend an imagined slight against your country 's honor . 
   for a start many many people that voted for brexit wo n't talk about it openly because they will automatically be labelled bigoted or racist this is literally what i was describing in my previous comment . 
  you 're pretending to be a victim despite being in the majority of british public opinion . 
  you derided political correctness and then got defensive when i suggested that britain has a problem with racism , xenophobia , and bigotry . 
  newsflash : there are racists , xenophobes , and bigots in britain . 
  if someone does n't like brown people and does n't like political correctness , they should n't complain about being called a racist . 
  they should own it . 
   you 're exactly the kind of person i 'm talking about , it 's priceless haha ironic . 
  you ( rhetorically , not you personally ) ca n't complain about political correctness and then whine when people call you a bigot for scapegoating muslims and eastern europeans for britain 's problems . 
  there are plenty of people like this in britain . 
  furthermore , complaints about political correctness often go hand-in-out with overblown feelings of victimization . 
  in america , white evangelical christians get their panties in a twist when people say `` happy holidays '' instead of `` merry christmas . '', 
  it 's a complete non-issue that makes them feel like they are under assault despite being the dominant demographic in america . 
  people like to play the victim because it gives them a perceived moral high ground . 
  farage was instrumental in applying political pressure to the conservatives to force a referendum in the first place . 
  his party may be dead , but his actions effectively turned the conservatives into ukip . 
  the right calls it political correctness and the left calls it not being an asshole . 
   i like how some british conservatives try to take the high stand over marine le pen while they pander to the same demographics shamelessly and use even stronger policies . 
  it 's the exact same thing with trump too . 
  he campaigned on many of the same things that the tories , ukip , and leave voters stand for , but i rarely , if ever , see members of british right-wing praise him . 
  i think his fully transparent stupidity is what turns them off despite the massive ideological overlap , which seems completely disingenuous to me . 
  i think that if trump was well-spoken , he 'd have a lot more fans in britain and europe at large . 
  lake como is one of the most beautiful places i have ever been . 
  let 's try concern trolling , that 's a good trick !, 
  eventually . 
  in any other year this would have caused public outrage . 
  the problem is that yesterday and the day before dropped massive news bombshells regarding the trump-russia scandal . 
  the entire us media has been engulfed by it , allowing this to slip under the radar . 
   a senior european intelligence official told the associated press that ** his country ** might stop sharing information with the united states if it confirms that president donald trump shared classified details with russian officials . 
  it 's the first fucking line . 
  read the fucking article . 
  i would take berlusconi over trump every day of the week . 
  farage , his eyes closed !, 
  iirc , this was after the bataclan attack . 
  i would n't put it past her to outlast robo-de gaulle at this point . 
  lol, 
  the us is a superpower at ~ 4.5 % of the global population . 
  the eu has all of the elements to assume a leading global role , but it suffers from the fact that it is less than the sum of its parts . 
  if the eu ever federates , it would become a superpower overnight . 
  your superiority complex is showing . 
  that looks amazing !, 
  i had no idea it was so low in the us . 
  scottish nationalism is civic , which is different from english nationalism , for example , which is ethnic . 
  left wing ideologies are more compatible with civic nationalism than ethnic nationalism . 
  it 's important to distinguish civic and ethnic nationalism . 
  left wing ideologies are more compatible with the former than the latter . 
  that 's fine , but it means you are n't going to get anything better than one of the ftas the eu has with other third countries . 
  you will not be part of the single market . 
   it also specifies that if you are not sure which area of a city is the expat area ( or if there is n't an expat area , as is often the case ) , you are to enter prices for the center or most expensive area . 
  ok that makes sense . 
  i live in new york and the only places i can think of that would sell $ 7.40 beers are in midtown . 
  where does uber currently operate in europe ? 
  this is a waste of time . 
  feel free to have the last word . 
  i thought you would have taken the hint that turkey has slowly descended into a dictatorship over the past decade and a half through democratic means . 
  history is littered with other examples . 
  britain is not special . 
  the british people are not special . 
  you are as fallible as the rest of us . 
  democracy must be jealously protected from both outside forces and from itself . 
  democracy is not inherently good . 
  50 % +1 of the population should not be allowed to deny gays marriage equality , for example . 
  protests help change public opinion . 
  i 'm sorry that you get upset by other people protesting democratic votes , but you should get used to it , because otherwise you 're only supporting a tyranny of the majority . 
  i 'm sure our turkish friends on this sub would like to answer that . 
  `` stop fighting for what you believe in . '', 
  if people did n't keep protesting brexit , more people would mistakenly think that everyone supports it . 
  protesting is a vital part of a democratic society because it is the closest thing it has to a pulse . 
  no , you 're thinking of globalism . 
  globalization has been an innocuous term for decades . 
  brexit was fueled by the exact same things that have fueled the rise of the far right across the world : xenophobia , populism , nationalism , bigotry , and anti-intellectualism . 
  do n't convince yourself otherwise , britain is n't special . 
  well done , france . 
  should have gotten one before you had any . 
  let 's start with you . 
  yep . 
  i do n't know . 
  let 's put it to a vote to find out . 
  it 's also russian botnets mass upvoting posts and brigading other social media content . 
  just say you do n't like brown people . 
  let 's have referendums on whether or not we should systematically kill minorities . 
  it 's democratic , so that means it 's automatically good , right ? 
  it is n't coincidence that all of these issues that have n't been relevant in decades are now surfacing as the uk is leaving the eu .
