liberal . 
  the one is strasbourg is much nicer . 
   the trucks were carrying ammunition and fighters , said a military spokesman , ** but the bbc can not confirm his report . 
  ** important to note . 
  my father is one of those people who thinks that nato should never have expanded to the east . 
  i tell him that it 's easy for him to say that as an american , and if he was polish or estonian , he would not think the same way . 
  he still thinks that we should respect russia 's sphere of influence rather than deny them it in order make russia feel better that it 's not a superpower anymore . 
  i just do n't understand it . 
  russia 's pivot to asia is n't a viable strategic move . 
  it 's a good way to try and stick it to the west , by allying with its most powerful rival , but a sino-russian alliance is still one in which russia is the junior partner . 
  furthermore , russia 's economic fate is tied more closely with europe than with china by virtue of its geography . 
  this means the west will always have some leverage over russia . 
  on top of that , china 's relationships with the eu and the us are far more important than its relationship with russia due to the size of their economies and america 's military presence in asia . 
  whereas one could reliably predict what the us and europe will look like in 50 years time , the same is not true of russia , nor , for that matter , china . 
  when putin is gone , so is his russia . 
  for now , putin 's russia will continue to fester , isolated , with waning geopolitical significance , a stagnating economy , an uncertain future , and suffer from delusions of grandeur and revel in the nostalgia of its glory days , long since passed . 
  the west 's policy should be to contain russia with economic tools and let it rot from the inside out . 
  maybe the people will get it right the next time there 's a massive domestic uprising in russia . 
  judging from history , however , i wo n't hold my breath . 
  it was churchill who wanted britain to play the role of ancient greece to america 's roman empire . 
  the cultural and ideological proximity of the anglo countries has made them appear to be each other 's natural allies , despite the massive distances that separate them . 
  frankfurt would most likely become the eu 's financial capital , not ireland . 
  god damn i love france . 
  if i was n't born in the us , i 'd like to think that i would have been born in france . 
  the reform that the uk wants to see is n't a shared by the most of the other member states . 
  part of being in a club means that you do n't dictate the rules . 
  if you do n't like what the club 's rules are , you can try to change them or leave , but complaining about them when no one else shares your opinion is not constructive . 
  it is used in academia . 
  opinions of erdogan aside , i think it looks pretty cool . 
  it has an imperialist vibe going on . 
  the picture on the article looks like something straight out of star wars . 
  good on you . 
  i hope the internet stays in its `` wild west '' phase for a long time . 
  this is a topic i had never really thought of , but found very interesting . 
  greenland 's geopolitical importance is only going to grow in significance with greater exploitation of its natural resources . 
  i 'm sure it would be in the eu 's best interests to keep a close relationship with it . 
  thanks for sharing the link , op . 
  there 's a huge overlap with / r/europe . 
  people have been posting comics here forever , i think we 're ok with it . 
  i can see moldova applying for membership in 2020 , but it 's at least a decade or two away from actual membership . 
  `` man , this law is gay , i 'm out . '', 
  there 's also the argument that the only way to make the eu more effective and efficient is to increase its power , which is exactly what center-right and center-left parties have been doing for the better part of a century . 
  in this sense , they * are * reforming the eu . 
  there is a serious problem in that what the people want from the eu can only be done in a way that the people do n't want ( gradual federalization ) . 
  the tories have been criticizing the eu for decades . 
  exiting the eu has n't ever been their official stance . 
  ukip is the chief reason why some tory mps are calling for an exit now . 
  your governments are the ones surrendering sovereignty to brussels . 
  they are your legitimate representatives . 
  if you do n't like what the governing parties are doing , vote for the eurosceptic parties . 
  upgrade the torch into a lightsaber . 
  yea , i think i should have avoided the word recession and instead just said that the uk has had a slower recovery , since slow growth is still growth . 
  unemployment is another important measure . 
  i think that we have to look at most of the big economic indicators to get a more complete picture of the health of an economy . 
  its just that gdp has been the norm for a long time . 
  [ look at this . 
  ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.mktp.cd/countries/gb-fr-de?display=graph ) the uk 's gdp plunged a lot farther than france and germany . 
  the uk still has n't reached pre-crisis levels of gdp . 
  [ here 's the eurzone data too ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.mktp.cd/countries/gb-xc?display=graph ) , but it 's harder to spot the peaks and troughs because of how much larger its gdp is . 
  nevertheless , the eurozone did n't dive as far the the uk . 
  edit : as of 2013 , the uk 's gdp is 88.4 % of its peak . 
  the eurozone 's is 94 % of its peak . 
  http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.mktp.kd.zg/countries/gb-xc?display=graph remember that despite the eurozone 's problems with greece , ireland , portugal , spain , and italy , the uk does as poorly until the past year or so . 
  the uk dived deeper and faster than the eurozone , and had a more tepid recovery until the past year or so . 
  nothing . 
  it suffered a deeper and longer recession than continental europe . 
  it has more room to grow than other advanced economies . 
  looks like i 'm moving to romania . 
  european `` union '', 
  i agree . 
  montenegro has been lauded by the commission as an example for the rest of the ex-yugos . 
  this thread 's atmosphere is disgusting . 
  why are you making this about america ? 
  the gdp of the entire continent is smaller than the uk 's . 
  they are not wealthy by any means . 
  africa does n't have the capability to solve this problem . 
  europe does . 
  it has a moral responsibility to act . 
  these are your fellow men , not rats . 
  to be fair , this also describes europe . 
  picture of space from the iss obscured by earth . 
  yes , like britain . 
  large scale immigration of europeans to north america in the 19th and 20th centuries have made north america `` western europe . '', 
  europe is now all eastern europe . 
  i mean , technically it could work that way , since that 's how the machinery works at present . 
  it would n't be efficient by any means , but it could work . 
   only the uk and france , in europe , have any real capability anyway . 
  and that capability is laughable to what could be done with a single european armed forces . 
  europe is the only region in the world that could become a superpower overnight , but it continues to delude itself into thinking it is n't possible . 
  as per the section 4 , article vi of the north atlantic treaty , germany is hereby transferred to russia . 
  edgy . 
  that is n't how courts work . 
  no , terrorism is the use of violence and intimidation in the pursuit of political goals . 
  those goals could be anything . 
  stalin told roosevelt at the yalta conference that he would declare war on japan 3 months after germany 's defeat . 
  yalta conference : 4 - 11 february 1945 german surrender : 7 may 1945 soviet declaration of war on japan : 9 august 1945, 
  in b4 turkey . 
  that 's why i said * one * of the most . 
  the eu is one of the most salient issues in british politics . 
  labour will only alienate itself from voters if it continually refuses to hold an in-or-out referendum .
