  i 'm american , but i love the idea of european integration , and am making it my life 's work . 
  i think continental unification can offer a lot to the people of europe whilst still allowing for cultural preservation . 
  i hope that the lessons europe learns can be applied to other regions in order to make a better world . 
  france is responsible for its defense . 
  a resident of monaco is known as a monegasque . 
  holy shit . 
  yes . 
  eurozone figures do n't tell the whole story . 
  the eurozone could be growing at a respectable rate even with spain and greece still mired in depression . 
  the euro 's underlying problems will persist for a long time to come . 
  joining the eu is a comprehensive and transformative political and economic process . 
  much of the justification for expanding the eu quickly since the fall of communism was to take the former eastern bloc countries and transform them in the image of the western countries : democratic and capitalist . 
  it was also a very important geopolitical move that effectively neutered any chance of a resurgent russia reasserting its power over eastern europe . 
  it solidified the end of the cold war and the dominance of the west . 
  the whole idea behind the eu is continental unification ( though we all have different thoughts on what the end goal may be ) , so it 's only natural to expand to include as many european countries as possible . 
  corruption and crime is a persistent problem in bulgaria and romania , yes , but it is no stranger to other member states as well , such as italy , one of the founding members of the ecsc . 
  ** tldr : ** it 's better to have them in the eu so that they can be improved , for lack of a better term . 
  which country is your least favorite ? 
  vatican city 17 % god damned vaticanians . 
  why is that ? 
  that last photo is fantastic . 
  fuck you parisians , for living in such a beautiful city . 
  i know that in the uk you are put in the same pool of job applicants as uk/eu citizens if you have a british degree . 
  i also believe there is a special kind of british visa for commonwealth countries that allows one to work for an extended period of time . 
  unfortunately , i do n't know much about visas for other countries in europe . 
  it is a large country by both area and population , and fairly poor , making possible eu accession trickier than most countries . 
  kiev is the capital and largest city . 
  the holodomor famine claimed millions of lives . 
  it has a beautifully simple flag . 
  ukraine is very corrupt , and its politics are very volatile , often switching from pro-eu to pro-russia parties fairly drastically . 
  the orange revolution in 2004 settled an electoral dispute between viktor yanukovych and vicktor yushchenko , with yushchenko winning . 
  yushchenko has been disfigured as a result of an assassination attempt involving poison . 
  yulia tymoshenko , the former prime minister and an opponent of yanukovych , the current president , has been imprisoned for several years . 
  her sentencing has been condemned by the eu and i believe the us as being politically motivated . 
  typical telegraph euroskeptic drivel . 
  or both . 
  this is hardly surprising , given that germany was built up as an american client state in the early cold war . 
  many decades on , the us still exerts considerable influence over the country , even if they have loosened the leash a bit . 
  the us has always been one of the strongest supporters of european integration , because it acted as a strong buffer against the soviet union . 
  now that the ussr is gone , and the eu is becoming increasingly powerful , i can imagine some in the american intelligence community are a bit paranoid that it may represent a threat to american power and interests . 
  cooperating with european intelligence agencies keeps the us in the loop and prevents its allies from straying `` off course , '' as it were . 
  i wonder what europe 's population would be today without the world wars . 
  spying on all of you . 
  it was a joke . 
  the black hand was responsible for the 20th century . 
   why do you think france was so apprehensive ? 
  its wwii experience was a national embarrassment , and many were envious of american and british preeminence in establishing the post-war order . 
  there 's no doubt in my mind that if the us had cultivated as close a relationship with france as it did with britain , that france would have been as much of an american lapdog as britain . 
  you can always fall back on the age old tactic of speaking more slowly and loudly . 
  and people argue that turkey is n't part of europe . 
  granting him asylum would be a great way to give the us the middle finger without europe having to tank the free trade agreement . 
  do it . 
  the us needs to be taken down several pegs . 
  just like every preceding month . 
  the rest of the balkans seems the most likely for foreseeable future . 
  turkey and the caucasus states are problematic for various reasons . 
  iceland may resume talks after another election , who knows . 
  it 's up in the air . 
  norway will join when it runs out of oil and switzerland will join if/when its banks collapse . 
  ukraine and moldova are too poor and corrupt and under too much russian influence to join for a long time . 
  belarus is too heavily influenced by russia and is a dictatorship so it wo n't join for a long time as well . 
  russia wo n't join unless something dramatic happens , on a scale similar to the collapse of the ussr . 
   as it is now there is 28 states and only nine of them are net payer . 
  unless switzerland and norway joins there will only be more net recipients it seems . 
  that 's true , but the net payers also tend to be the larger countries . 
  if the nsa is reading this , i 'd be happy to do some field work against those damn european commies . 
  i worked as an intern in the eu delegation in washington . 
  i wonder where they put the bugs . 
  this seems to be part of many european countries desire to achieve greater power projection , which would mean less reliance on american support . 
  i can see no other way of revitalizing the european horse meat industry . 
  nope . 
  i 'm a huge europhile . 
  i would guess that most people on the fence will bend toward what they 're used to . 
  i doubt it will . 
  last i checked , support for independence had been consistent at around 30-35 % for about a year . 
  could you tell us what you do ? 
  seems fascinating . 
  competition was definitely the major driver of the space race . 
  it 's a sad reflection on our species that in the more than forty years since the last apollo landing , we have yet to send another human beyond low earth orbit . 
  we should have had a lunar base by now . 
  he may not be stupid , but he is a populist and a shill for the european council . 
  i find it humorous that nasa pulled out of the exomars project , only to announce about a year later that it would be sending its own rover , based on curiosity , to mars only two years after the exomars rover is set to land . 
  it seems to me that it makes more sense to have collaborated with esa in order to improve their technology so that esa could have more extensive exploratory capabilities . 
  i really wish we had an international space agency , where countries contribute something like .5 % of gdp to its budget . 
  i do n't even want to think of jon retiring from the show . 
  operation sea lion is go !, 
  angela `` literally the love child of hitler and eva braun '' merkel, 
  all you needed to do was convince britain to stay out . 
  you had one job . 
  it was a former soviet republic , and the southernmost and most populous ( close to 3 million ? ), 
  of the baltic states . 
  the capital is vilnius . 
  poland-lithuania was big . 
  it will hold the presidency of the council of the european union for the second half of this year . 
  honestly , that 's about it . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nuclear_sharing about 480 believed to be throughout europe . 
  thanks for the explanation !, 
  the birthplace of mozart and hitler !, 
  my knowledge of austria really begins in 1683 with the battle of vienna , in which the holy roman empire defeated ottoman forces and halted their advance into europe , marking the beginning of the decline of the ottoman empire . 
  the 19th century 's german confederation included parts of austria-hungary .
