  i was under the impression that german syntax is much more similar to english syntax than romance languages . 
  i might be wrong , but if not , i would imagine that would be a great boon to an english speaker learning german . 
  merci !, 
  turkey has a very strong history of secularism , much like france . 
  yes , it is a very large , fairly poor , and muslim majority country , and this sets it apart from most of europe . 
  this is the major obstacle to turkish accession , but it is basically soft islamophobia . 
  freedom of religion is a core belief of eu member states . 
  what does it mean when a european country is excluded from the club because it has a different majority religion from the norm ? 
  a strong sense of secularism is more important than what a country 's major religion is . 
  when it comes to europe 's cultural identity , what is more important , christianity or secularism and tolerance ? 
  i 'm fairly certain that the net economic benefit from being in the eu is more than enough compensation for the money the uk has provided to the eu . 
  there is far more to the new constitution than just this . 
  combine all of them and it gives fidesz a systematic advantage . 
  it is a kind of rigged democracy somewhat analogous to russia . 
  this is not the kind of governance that should be accepted of an eu member state . 
  because in this way , member states retain a great deal of sovereignty while still integrating further . 
  giving more power to the parliament undermines national sovereignty because it is a european institution . 
  most europeans would still rather have their head of government or fellow countrymen make political decisions for their country . 
  by expanding the parliament 's power , danes start making decisions on the most important issues that ultimately affects slovaks , austrians in part determine the course that portugal will take etc. 
  this is where the problem arises . 
  europeans still largely think in nationalist manners , and the prospect of the above is met with suspicion . 
  confederacy is the name of the game for now , and it will take some time for the citizens of the eu and the major parties of member states to warm to the idea of empowering eu institutions rather than continuing with intergovernmental governance . 
  the french , specifically sarkozy 's ump , are major proponents of intergovernmental governance . 
  this is because in recent years , the critical franco-german partnership has tilted in germany 's favor , a phenomenon that is likely to compound this year . 
  by pursuing this strategy , as well as a more integrated core of countries , france can maintain a large degree of influence in eu affairs . 
  this is what i find so ridiculous about the situation . 
  we 're all friends here . 
  interestingly , the rise of china is only going to push europe and america closer together , because america 's waning power ca n't match china 's potential . 
  the eu is really the only other international actor that the us can turn to in order to counter china . 
  the democratic deficit will not be solved unless the eu becomes a federal state . 
  the eu functions very much like a confederacy , which at its core is undemocratic . 
  eurocrats and europhiles want nothing more than to address this issue . 
  the problem is the citizenry of europe wants a much more democratic eu * now * , but it still unwilling to surrender the necessary amounts of national sovereignty to make it happen . 
  all we can do is wait for public opinion to start supporting greater degrees of federalization . 
  until then , the democratic deficit will still manifest itself in some manner . 
  sarkozy will most likely lose the election to hollande . 
  putin will win the presidency and more protests will ensue . 
  the scope of which can not be determined . 
  i would n't rule out turkish , or even nato , intervention in syria , though i think it is far more likely assad will ultimately fall to domestic pressure and unrest . 
  i do n't think anything bold will happen to the eu unless germany really starts to feel the pinch . 
  the eurozone , along with the majority of europe , is almost certainly already in recession . 
  how deep this recession will be remains to be seen . 
  i think the likeliest big step that europe may undertake this year is an agreement to issue jointly backed eurobonds . 
  most meps would love to fix the democratic deficit , because it would almost assuredly mean expanded powers for european parliament . 
  the trick is to get national governments to surrender larger amounts of sovereignty . 
  rest assured , eurocrats are well aware of the democratic deficit , and would love nothing more than to fix it , but it will take time for public opinion to support the kind of necessary integration . 
  i 'm curious ; what sort of options does the eu or other countries have in dealing with this issue ? 
  the way the eu is going , bringing them into it could see it fade . 
  rationality and higher thinking are also human nature . 
  we are capable of dismissing such primal instincts . 
  like i said earlier , it would only represent a small step , but a necessary one . 
  killing nationalism will take small steps . 
  replacing individual european nationalism with a pan-european one is the first step toward eradicating it at large . 
  yes . 
  my hope is that the european union one day becomes a sovereign state . 
  making people realize that their first and foremost allegiance is to humanity starts by slowly killing off nationalism , among all forms of tribalism . 
  supranational organizations such as the eu provide that possibility . 
  if you 're referring to the schengen area , the uk is not a part of it anyway . 
  i could be wrong that it is n't part of the treaty per se , but it has been an idea lobbied for by them and wished to be included in a new treaty . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/16131346 ) a bbc article explaining cameron 's veto . 
   many in the british government and parliament had feared that the city would have been unfairly disadvantaged , had they signed up to some of the ideas proposed by eurozone countries such as france and germany , such as an eu-wide financial transaction tax ( ftt ) . 
   that 's mainly the reason given for the cameron veto in brussels . 
  when cameron and the conservatives took power , a pushed a law through parliament stating that if a new eu treaty would be drafted during their time in office , and that it required london surrendering more national sovereignty to brussels , a national referendum would be held on british membership in the eu . 
  the conservative party is largely euroskeptic , and as such , would love to see a larger repatration of powers from brussels . 
  many would go so far as to leave the eu altogether . 
  some in the party , like mr. cameron , are not euroskeptics . 
  he is not a europhile in the same sense that politicians of continental europe 's center right parties are , like merkel and sarkozy , but he understands the benefits of british membership in the eu . 
  the treaty that merkel , sarkozy , and the rest of the eu were pushing for includes a financial transactions tax . 
  this , argued mr. cameron , would hurt the united kingdom disproportionately more than the rest of europe . 
  this is because london ( the city to be more precise ) is the world 's biggest financial center . 
  it is far bigger than any financial center in continental europe . 
  as such , the conservatives deem this kind of tax to be a surrendering of national sovereignty to brussels , and would thus trigger a national referendum that would , according to polling data for many months , most likely see the united kingdom leave the european union . 
  mr. cameron wants to avoid that , and as such , used his veto on the proposed eu wide treaty . 
  meanwhile , the rest of the eu appears to be going ahead with this `` fiscal compact . '', 
  this has several profound effects . 
  firstly , it displays just how little influence the united kingdom now has in the european union . 
  previously , it already had little influence in the eurozone 's affairs . 
  sarkozy famously told cameron that `` he had lost a good opportunity to shut up '' in reference to the cameron government 's insistence on telling the eurozone what to do despite being outside it . 
  historically , the uk has been the proverbial brake on european integration , and has found some allies within the union with similar interests , mostly nordic countries like sweden and denmark . 
  for many decades , the uk has pursued a policy of eu enlargement in an effort to dilute franco-german power in the union , since the uk itself is reluctant to embrace the european project in the same manner that france and germany are . 
  it now appears that the uk is utterly alone , and now has no leverage over the rest of the eu to pursue what the conservatives want , which is a further repatriation of powers from brussels . 
  politically , this development has shaken the governing coalition in the uk , which is composed of the euroskeptic conservatives , and the europhilic liberal democrats as their junior partner . 
  the leader of the lib-dems and the deputy prime minister , nick clegg , is reported to be very angry with mr. cameron 's decision . 
  this issue could potentially cause more instability in an already awkward coalition of two very ideologically opposed parties . 
  whether or not the government could fall , only time will tell . 
  that stream is down now . 
  here 's an [ alternate ] ( http://www.ustream.tv/riduscam3 ) . 
  full fledged federalization fixes this problem . 
  the eu as it exists now is most similar to a confederation . 
  this is where most of the undemocratic institutions and methods originate . 
  a fully federal state and democracy are not mutually exclusive . 
  it frustrates me that many people still seem to believe that more europe means less democracy . 
  more europe means an empowered european parliament and european commission , at the cost of national sovereignty . 
  there is no good reason why a federal europe could not be as democratic as other federal states , such as germany or the united states . 
  the eu has not built upon conquest or warfare . 
  it has been built by cooperation , dialogue , and spirits of friendship and kinship . 
  that one change has made a whole hell of a difference . 
  if you ca n't recognize how the european union is different from napoleonic france or nazi germany , then i do n't see how i can convince you that federalization should be welcomed . 
  as an outsider , the relationship between the british and the french has always amused me . 
  i 'd say that kicking the habit of killing one another is sufficient to show why the eu is different .
