  the problem is that russian political events have been historically unpredictable . 
  go back 30 years and tell people that the soviet union will collapse in a decade and you would likely be laughed at . 
  russia 's future is currently tied to putin , but given the context of the arab spring , slowing economic growth , and massive emigration , i would not be surprised to see major socio-economic and political developments in the coming decade ( s ) . 
  once putin is out of the picture , russia will be a completely different beast . 
  i 'll try my best to keep this short and simple , but i probably wo n't succeed . 
  in the early 1990s , the european union was established under its current name , and a monetary union was agreed to be created . 
  this became known as the eurozone , which was established in 1999 . 
  17 of the 27 eu members use the euro as a currency . 
  the problem is that while monetary union was established , fiscal union was not . 
  thus , fiscal policy is still done at the national level , and not by the eu . 
  germany , greece , spain etc all have their own fiscal policy , which can affect the euro currency . 
  for the better part of a decade , the greek government ( both major parties , when they were in power ) , lied about their financial status to eurostat , the eu 's statistical office . 
  thus , it was only about a year or so ago that it became known that greece was in much worse shape . 
  portugal , ireland , and spain are all in bad spots for different reasons , but the two most significant countries to worry about are greece and italy . 
  greece , first and foremost , because the yield on its governments bonds are above 30 % , which is not payable . 
  thus , without money from other countries , the greek government would default . 
  greek government debt is held largely by private entities , such as banks , that are spread out throughout europe . 
  this means that if greece defaults , then german and french banks stand to lose a lot , spreading the crisis to countries that are relatively well off . 
  italy 's main problem has been a severe lack of growth for the past decade . 
  as such , the government has had to borrow more and more money in order to finance all its operations . 
  as such , the yield on italian bonds is hovering near 7 % , which is considered unsustainable , and was the benchmark at which portugal , ireland , and greece needed bailouts . 
  thus , italy is worrisome because it is a huge economy , the third largest in the eurozone , only a few hundred billion dollars/euros smaller than france . 
  because it is so much larger , european banks are even more exposed to italian debt . 
  thus , the fear is that italy will eventually need a bailout , which would cost many times more than the greek bailouts . 
  the problem with bailouts is that they are temporary fixes . 
  governments need to get their finances in order , and austerity has thus become a major string attached to the various bailouts . 
  the fundamental problem in the eurozone is a lack of fiscal union . 
  as long as government finances are done at the national level , rather than at the eu level , there is the opportunity for one bad apple to mess it up for the rest of the eurozone . 
  gradually , people are warming up to the idea of fiscal union , which would mean surrendering a great deal of national sovereignty to brussels . 
  keep in mind that this is still met with a lot of resistance , as nationalism still runs strong in europe , especially among older generations . 
  because a common european identity is still not universally accepted in europe , it is hard to explain to/convince the average german/frenchman that fiscal union is in their best interest . 
  most politicians that come from the major centre-left and centre-right parties in europe , fortunately , understand that greater fiscal integration is required . 
  the problem is that this will be a very time consuming task . 
  it will require extensive treaty changes , new treaties , national referendums , and approval from national legislatures . 
  the eu functions as a confederacy , and as such , national issues often trump pan-european ones . 
  this was the case in the national referendum on the `` eu constitution '' in france and the netherlands in mid 2000s . 
  both countries are largely pro-european , but their major parties found ways to bicker over the finer points of the treaty in order to score political points . 
  thus , everybody had a reason to hate it , ultimately causing it to fail , though it was reborn as the lisbon treaty is 2007 . 
  thus , there are three relatively good short-term solutions to the crisis ; solutions that would give europe enough time to create a new treaty that erects fiscal union . 
  they are : 1 . 
  eurobonds 2 . 
  letting the european central bank ( ecb ) act as a lender of last resort 3 . 
  pool eurozone countries ' special drawing rights from the imf eurobonds are a proposed idea that would see all 17 members of the eurozone issue jointly-backed bonds , rather than each country issuing their own bond . 
  this would lower borrowing costs for countries such as italy and greece , though it would raise them for countries such as finland and germany . 
  resistance to this comes mostly from germany and other well-off countries , as their borrowing rates would rise , and they also argue it would disincentivize the bad apples to reform and proceed with austerity measures . 
  letting the ecb act as a lender of last resort would make the ecb a central bank like those of most countries . 
  it could then be allowed to buy unlimited quantities of government bonds from eurozone countries , giving italy and greece the money they need to operate . 
  resistance to this comes mostly from germany , where they argue it would risk inflation , something that germans know about all too well . 
  special drawing rights are funds that countries can draw upon that they have invested into the imf over the years . 
  by pooling the money that each eurozone country has invested in the imf , a large sum of money can be used to bail out other countries without taxpayers having to foot the bill . 
  the problem with this is that the sum may still be too small , and that many of those in well-off countries , like germany , feel their money should n't be given away to the greeks or italians . 
  number 2 appears to be the best option , followed closely by number 1 , and lastly number 3 . 
  germany will have to give on one of these three options in order to get the time necessary to create a new treaty . 
  the most likely outcome will be expanding the powers of the ecb to act as a lender of last resort . 
  it is generally accepted that a more integrated europe will be the result of this crisis , paving the way toward more federalization toward europe . 
  this is perhaps the most important event in european history since the last world war , because it is likely that within a lifetime , the eu will become a sovereign state , similar to a united states of europe . 
  sorry for the wall of text . 
  i figure that as this crisis continues to progress , chancellor merkel will eventually warm up to the idea of eurobonds and increased powers for the ecb . 
  it 's quite possible that she personally already supports the ideas , though it is not terribly popular among the germany electorate or the cdu/csu , and even less popular among the euroskeptic fdp . 
  despite what anyone may think of her , she is a very intelligent and calculating politician . 
  i 'm sure she knows that there are a few band-aid fixes that are better suited than what the eu has come up with so far . 
  if i had to guess , she 's just biding her time until the euro is on the brink of collapse , at which point , she will support the measures that should have been implemented many months ago . 
  now that credit ratings from across the continent are at risk , i think we may be entering the endgame . 
  it 's time for the german government to stop resisting the only viable short term solutions ( ecb buying unlimited bonds , introduction of eurobonds , pool eurozone 's special drawing rights from the imf ) . 
  giving the ecb the mandate to act as a lender of last resort is the quickest temporary solution that will buy the eu enough time to fundamentally alter itself . 
  the time to act is now . 
  correct me if i 'm wrong , but if the fed intervened , would it not set a precedent for foreign unilateral monetary and fiscal action ? 
  many germans , especially many at the bundesbank , believe that the ecb should not be a lender of last resort . 
  they argue that it exceeds the ecb 's mandate , stepping into the realm of fiscal policy rather than strictly monetary policy . 
  many others also argue that it risks inflation in germany . 
  i can only imagine the uproar if the fed began acting as a lender of last resort for europe . 
  i do n't appreciate being called an anti-democratic federalist . 
  i 'm not responsible for the eu functioning the way it does . 
  that is the result of maastricht and lisbon . 
  what i want is for the eu to become ** more ** democratic . 
  the way that can be best done is through federalization . 
  confederacies are not democratic because national issues can supersede supranational issues , and stronger states can dominate the weak . 
  creating a strong central political authority akin to any parliamentary system would do wonders to making the eu a more democratic system . 
   this is why eurosceptics exist . 
  this is some orwellian sounding stuff , right here . 
  it 's politics . 
  it was the economist itself that projected that a breakup could cost the peripheral economies up to 50 % of their gdp and the core economies up to 25-30 % of their gdp . 
  the more that european leaders start talking about a break-up of the eurozone , the more unattractive it will become to the european populace . 
  if done right , this could be used as a political tool by merkel and sarkozy . 
  by legitimizing the prospect of a breakup , they can warm more europeans up to the idea of surrendering national sovereignty to the eu in order to erect fiscal union . 
  at the end of the day , a breakup of the eurozone is unacceptable . 
  it would cause too many financial institutions to collapse , and would plunge the entire world back into recession . 
  it must be made abundantly clear to the european people that a breakup is not an option . 
   is another thing why everyone dislikes you . 
  hohoho , generalizations . 
  well it 's been proposed that the uk is one of the principal advocates of enlargement because it dilutes german and french influence in the eu , as well as making it more difficult for the eu to federalize in many aspects . 
  [ it is a little bit higher , ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/01/gini_since_wwii.svg ) but you 're right that it is close . 
  the timing of industrialization was key to the development of the political culture , and thus culture at large , of both europe and the united states . 
  the uk was the first country to industrialize , followed shortly by the us , then by continental europe . 
  in the uk and the us , industrialization occurred naturally , that is , without much governmental assistance , simply because it was a new phenomenon . 
  british industrial goods at this time were far cheaper than french or german industrial goods , as they had no competition , thus it was necessary for government to help industrialization along in continental europe . 
  this allowed the other european powers to level the playing field once more , in order to continue competing with great britain economically and militarily . 
  thus , society in continental europe began to agree that government played a useful and necessary role for the economy . 
  in the uk and the us , the ideal of the entrepreneur or rugged frontiersman endured because of the lack of government assistance in industrialization . 
  since then early 1800s , the uk has shifted closer politically to continental europe , while the united states has not .
