  it 's a small country , and probably the best candidate to experiment with for a transfer union . 
  that is not the only remaining option . 
  both . 
  good . 
  he 's like a comic book villain . 
  what do we know so far of merkel 's role in all this ? 
  tomorrow 's headlines : music industry lobbies united states to deliver freedom to europe . 
  breaking news : the united kingdom has convened an emergency meeting of the un security council to discuss recent reports that the vatican has secretly been developing nuclear weapons . 
  italy 's gdp is third largest in the eurozone , fourth in the eu . 
  agreed . 
  the last thing europe needs is hostile economic relations with any country . 
  world 's leading exporter of political antics . 
  perhaps the uk could get spain to reassert its claims to argentina . 
  this is what i was getting at . 
  the rising cost of energy is definitely is definitely a contributing factor to europe 's economic problems , but the most significant cause has been the euro itself . 
  we 've heard it time again , that monetary union without fiscal union does not work , and it 's entirely true . 
  the us and many other developed nations returned to growth soon after the financial collapse in 2008 , but europe has yet to crawl its way out of its economic malaise . 
  this is because the financial crisis exposed the euro 's flaws , artificially prolonging the crisis . 
  so long as the eurozone does not coordinate fiscal policy at the european level , it will always be slower than other countries to bounce back from recession . 
  agreed . 
  party discipline helps to moderate governance . 
  in the united states , one person can throw a deal made between the two parties into complete disarray because it does n't help his popularity back home . 
  i still ca n't believe this is a serious proposal . 
   in exchange for exploration rights for natural gas in cyprus '' exclusive economic zone somehow i do n't think the eu would agree to this , even if cyprus did . 
  then again , i am entirely unaware of whether or not gazprom , or any russian oil company , has already done this in an eu country . 
  i 'd rather have my savings than shares in a poorly run bank . 
  the white smoke rises from the traditional `` burning of the euros . '', 
  merkel needs to fucking go . 
  regardless of anyone 's personal opinions about her , she 's become far too powerful in the eu . 
  no one comes close to matching her influence . 
  good . 
  this has been one of the most stupid decisions made in brussels . 
  i ca n't believe other european leaders agreed to this deal . 
  what were they thinking ? 
  the situation in cyprus should be a massive wake up call to every european . 
  a small country with massive banks can not exist on its own . 
  it 's economy and the welfare of its people become dependent on external forces . 
  either the eu becomes that external force or cyprus gets fucked . 
  this is why confederation does not work . 
  without a strong central government , states pursue their own economic interests , sometimes at the expense of other members . 
  create a transfer union , continue reform in the worse off countries as a condition , and get out of this self-inflicted crisis . 
  plenty !, 
  i 've never had a kinder egg :(, 
  declare war on winter !, 
  good on him . 
  the munchies make their eyes bigger than their stomachs . 
  theresa may as prime minister . 
  i think harriet harman would have made a better labour leader than ed miliband . 
  labour shot themselves in the foot by picking him . 
   while what the majority of the founding fathers proposed was inspired by european thinkers and intellectuals , the federal-style of our government and the imposing debate of state rights is a theme , while not created by the united states , one which it has some of the strongest influence on , and probably why thirteen break-away colonies were treated more than just that after their independence . 
  yea . 
  all i 'm saying is that the state 's having certain powers and rights are not unique to american democracy . 
  this has been an aspect of european governance since the 1950s , and will continue to be as long as the eu exists . 
   being from scotland , can you not see the benefits of set , equal representation between all member states , so as to not be dominated politically and legislatively by larger , more populated states such as those in the eu3 ? 
  i 'm actually not the above poster , but i took the liberty of responding to your question . 
  i 'm american myself , from california actually , so i 'm quite biased in my opinion on the senate . 
  i understand why its beneficial for the smaller states , but it 's still fundamentally undemocratic and makes governance far more difficult . 
  i would n't have as much of a problem with it if the senate was much weaker than it is . 
   this is something i disagree with , but can understand how is it not though ? 
  the senate is the most , given that it provides equal representation for the states . 
  the electoral college disenfranchises voters in the populous states . 
  a vote from california or texas has far less weight than one from wyoming . 
  the electoral college also makes certain states more valuable than others ( ohio , florida ) in the election . 
  it 's hardly fair for presidential candidates to focus so much on the issues of these few electorates when the office they seek is responsible to govern a union of 50 states . 
   but this i ca n't . 
  the european union and the euro happened , this is just as unlikely as they were . 
  european political culture will be constantly changing , that 's the point of democracy . 
  my point was that most eu states have prime ministers , who are indirect representatives of their country . 
  i would n't be opposed to a directly elected president of the eu . 
  all i 'm suggesting is that europeans already have a clear preference for executive power , and that is prime ministerial . 
  ** 1 ) state rights ; guaranteeing that each state has a defined and permanent authority over certain issues regarding sovereignty , governance , trade , image and etc. 
  that are guaranteed in a constitution ** this is fine , but hardly unique to american democracy . 
  this is what makes federalism federalism . 
  ** 2 ) a legislature with an lower chamber resembling the u.s. house of representatives that would recognize the increased influence of the more-populated states ( i.e. 
  the eu3/calfiornia , new york ) through representation by population , but also possessing an upper house like the u.s. senate which would preserve the influence of the less-populated states by ( i.e. 
  alaska , sweden ) restricting each member state to a equal , set number of representatives . 
  ** the senate is the most undemocratic thing about american democracy . 
  most eu countries have weak upper houses , especially relative to the united states senate . 
  it would not fit european political culture . 
  something like an elected bundesrat would be more appropriate , having something in between proportional representation and equal representation . 
  it already exists in some eu institutions through weighted voting . 
  ** 3 ) an electoral system that balances the will of both the general population and states through a system like the electoral college , so as to , once again , avoid the executive branch from being dominated by the eu3 or more-populated american states . 
  ** the electoral college is the second most undemocratic thing about american government . 
  it also does n't fit european political culture , since most eu states have a parliamentary form of government . 
  a directly elected president of the eu may not be the best idea in a federal europe . 
  ** 4 ) a united , competent and coherent military that can be used effectively for national defense , while also affording the member states the authority to raise state defense forces ( to lazy , wiki it ) under the sole authority of each state 's executive and reserve troops ( national guard ) under the nominal command of each state 's executive ( but reserve troops can be federalized at any time by the e.u. / u.s. 
  president ) ** again , this is also not unique to american government . 
  a centralization of european government seems to imply a centralization of defense policy as well . 
  keep in mind that when the united states of europe is thrown around as an idea , it is really only used as a simple analogy in which there is a strong central government with many states . 
  the term does n't imply that europe should emulate american government . 
  it 's just easy to use since the us is the federal system most europeans are most familiar with . 
  if and when a federal europe comes about , it will be its own entity , based on its own ideas , as well as ideas from other countries across the world and throughout history . 
  it may emulate american government in some ways , and not in others . 
  trying to impress her with fine european cuisine ? 
  / r/polandball / r/unitedkingdom / r/london / r/mapporn / r/vexillology / r/historyporn / r/space / r/askreddit / r/4chan, 
  i 've been trying to get into eu3 and victoria 2 , but it 's such a daunting task . 
  / r/hotbelgianpastries, 
  turkey can either sort itself out or stay outside the eu . 
  there should be no middle ground here . 
  if they 're going to whine all the time then they 're not ready .
