  today , support for slavery is nonexistent . 
   you have to accept that turkey will not accept gay marriage at the moment for example . 
  no , you never accept it . 
  you recognize that it 's an uphill battle , but you do n't stop advocating for a better society . 
   you could drag them against their will , but that would go against everything you supposedly believe in . 
  no , sometimes people need to be dragged kicking and screaming to a fairer society . 
  even if 60 % of a country 's population does not support gay marriage does not mean they are justified in denying a minority equal rights . 
  failing to recognize something like this is a personal issue . 
  social conservatism has shown itself to be on the `` wrong '' ( again , i say `` wrong '' because morality is entirely subjective ) side of history time and time again . 
  at what point should social conservatives seriously rethink their personal ideology ? 
  yes , opposition to nuclear energy is a form of anti-intellectualism that is more prominent among the left . 
  i hope you do n't think i was arguing that anti-intellectualism only exists on the right , rather that it is far more prominent on the right . 
  even the modern anti-vaccination wave , which was popularized by left-wing american coastal liberals , have bled into the right . 
  for example , there was a map on this sub a few years ago that showed the more religious ( generally more right-wing ) parts of the netherlands had lower vaccination rates than other parts of the country . 
  donald trump is an anti-vaxxer too , and he 's the most prominent right-wing figure in the world today . 
  the severity of anti-intellectualism on the right is the chief problem here . 
  i wo n't consider it a neutral issue until i start seeing center-left and left-wing parties publicly deride the new york times , the new england journal of medicine , ivy league alumni , and scientific consensus on the age of the earth , evolution , and anthropogenic climate change . 
  these are all things that my own country 's right-wing party eagerly ridicule and dismiss . 
   some people like an authoritarian leader , some people are more socially conservative , for example . 
  this gets into the completely subjective nature of human morality . 
  there is no rule book of the universe that says slavery is inherently wrong , but as a civilization , we 've come to view it with near-universal contempt . 
  what about racial segregation ? 
  what about racial gerrymandering ? 
  what about denying marriage equality to homosexuals ? 
  there has been a trend in human history toward greater individual liberty and equality . 
  everything i 've mentioned were things that were deemed acceptable by social conservatism in their respective eras . 
  at what point do social conservatives have to be dragged against their will toward a more just society ? 
  you can bring a horse to water , but you ca n't make it drink . 
  these are the same people who deride intellectuals , subject matter experts , and academia in general . 
  they elect politicians ( who more often than not know better ) that pander to them and reinforce anti-intellectualism . 
  anti-intellectualism is the scourge of democratic societies . 
  there 's nothing inherently wrong with being ignorant , but there is something wrong with being willfully ignorant . 
  \\  northern ireland \\  attractive people, 
  particularly amid a global lurch toward the right . 
  i have noticed that there is a strain of soft sinophilia on this sub , and is particularly pronounced when china is compared to the us and/or russia . 
  europe has comparatively few interests in the asia-pacific . 
  china does n't consume much of their foreign policy beyond economic matters . 
  i 'm more than happy to criticize my own country , but i 'm not interested in engaging in whataboutism . 
  i opposed the iraq war , am not an apologist for cia-backed coups in democratic countries , ane oppose the creeping domestic surveillance state . 
   when did china topple governments all over the world , had a massive spying operations , or stated spreading their gov propaganda , funded protests/revolutions/political parties around the globe , expanded military presence , built bases the prc is guilty of all of these things . 
  the us is richer and more powerful than china , which is why it seems like we 're worse in all these regards . 
  the american-led status quo has kept the region stable since 1945 . 
  american control of the commons has protected maritime trade routes and has allowed much of asia to develop using the export-oriented growth model . 
  chinese defense spending has unsettled just about every single other country in the region , and forced them to raise their own defense budgets or seek closer relationships with other regional powers . 
  their territorial claims not only violate international law , but are far more expansive than any competing claims and they have ignored international tribunal rulings against them . 
  they are militarizing artificial islands and bullying non-chinese ships and planes in international waters and air space . 
  they are competing with the us and eu for influence in africa by dumping money into the continents ' infrastructure and using their own workforce to build them without any regard to who pockets the money . 
  they illegally subsidize and dump certain goods in the us and eu in order to inflate economic growth . 
  you 're mistaken to think that china is n't interested in expanding its own geopolitical power . 
  literally every great power , both historical and current , has been . 
  it 's part of the reason why they 're great powers in the first place . 
  china is constrained by an existing order that favors other countries , particularly those aligned with the us and eu , and continually frays the edges of the international order as a means to enhance its relative standing . 
  the resources that exist in the east and south china seas are only one reason why they 're interested in territorial expansion , but not the sole reason . 
  you may also notice that xi jinping has broken with previous presidents by taking a more nationalist , militarist , and authoritarian approach to governance . 
  this is n't without historical precedent . 
  china does n't promote stability by being increasingly aggressive in the east and south china seas , whether its expanding its adiz , building military installations on artificial islands , or intimidating naval vessels from other countries in international waters . 
  china is deliberately attempting to change the american-led status quo in the asia-pacific that has kept the peace for seven decades and allowed much of the region to prosper . 
  the whole idea of a peaceful rise is chinese propaganda aimed at international audiences . 
  china is deliberately ignoring established international laws and norms and duplicating existing international institutions , ultimately undermining the global order . 
  just because they avoid war does n't make them benevolent . 
  it 's the sunken trees in the middle that sold me on it . 
  this is really cool . 
  i 'll have to visit it next time i 'm in paris . 
  i do n't understand what is happening to the world . 
  this is cool as fuck . 
  the palace and culture and science and doom, 
  today is a great day to invest in bus advertisements . 
  at least france is one of the few countries that everyone gets right !, 
  yea , i never understood the argument that nato is unnecessary because the soviet union is gone . 
  why would n't we want to stick together to ensure that no one ever threatens us ? 
  eh , he was an emperor . 
  close enough . 
  i would have put louis xiv instead though . 
  i disagree , i think it shows that a lot of people are not ideologues and just want to vote for anti-establishment figures . 
  do you ever spell check your comments ? 
   this essentially means that the uk was not , to use your own words , able to `` derail something that is necessary for the rest '' . 
  they did through official eu channels , but you 're now being pedantic . 
  it was clear from the context that the entire incident resulted from the fact that britain vetoed it . 
   this only works if the eurozone members also can not influence the policy of the non-eurozone members . 
  however , because in practice a huge amount of legislation is single market legislation it applies both to eurozone and non-eurozone members , despite the fact that these have different needs . 
  all members of the eu are members of the single market , which means all members should have a say in how it is governed . 
  the same is n't true of the eurozone . 
   this has been one of the many good consequences to have come from brexit . 
  the uk , which was pushing for a multi-speed eu hard , is now getting what it wanted partly because we voted leave . 
  multi-speed europe already existed . 
  the major divergence came from the first major official opt-outs that member states got was from the maastricht treaty . 
  capitaine jean-luc m\u00e9lenchon de l' u.s.s. 
  no , the compact was negotiated outside of the eu framework , but they essentially wrote that the treaty 's provisions would be implemented by the eu institutions . 
  it was a cheap , but still legal way to get around the rules . 
  i still do n't agree with the method . 
   i do agree that it did demonstrate that having member states outside the euro but within the eu is not really sustainable this is n't what i was suggesting . 
  i do n't think it 's necessary for every eu member to be a member of the eurozone as well ( though it would make it easier ) , rather that non-eurozone members should not be able to influence the policy governing the euro itself . 
  i was advocating for a more strict implementation of multi-speed europe than exists currently . 
   it 's practically a carbon copy of the german bundesrat . 
  federal systems are not like other systems , and state representation works differently than popular representation . 
  i understand that , what i 'm suggesting is that the council of ministers should be a single configuration of elected officials with each state having a number of members somewhere between pr and equality , like the bundesrat . 
  i do n't like unelected upper houses unless they are largely powerless and politically irrelevant , like the house of lords . 
   the us congressional parallelism , is actually fairly weird by comparison , since all it does is copy the popular vote in both it 's houses . 
  it does n't though . 
  house district lines are malleable ; they 're redrawn every ten years by 50 different states with different methods of doing so and are subject to gerrymandering and geographical disparities ( e.g.
