  the eu is a proto-federation . 
  it makes more sense to compare it to the usa . 
   the single market is a free trade area , just one that is deeper than most . 
  the single market can be described as a free trade area as much as britain 's internal economy can be described as a free trade area . 
  yes , it 's technically true , but it ignores the entire reason why it * is n't * called a free trade area . 
  maybe it 's a deliberate incentive for people to have more children ? 
  the key difference here being that people voted on a major constitutional issue without understanding what was at stake . 
   people tend to have an overview , but a very shallow understanding , that does n't mean that they ca n't make decisions on broad questions ( like ` should we create an eu superstate ' ) there 's a difference between a very shallow understanding and a fundamental misunderstanding . 
  a very shallow understanding of the single market would be something like `` a free trade area with freedom of movement . '', 
  a fundamental misunderstanding of the single market would be `` a free trade area . '', 
  the number of brexiteers who conflate the single market with a free trade area is disgustingly high . 
  i agree with you . 
  even if you point out the benefits of immigration , people find a way to rationalize opposition to immigration . 
  most people seem to be okay with immigrants that resemble themselves . 
  i think there is a large group of people that are generally okay with immigrants who do n't resemble them so long as they remain a very tiny minority . 
  there also seems to be a hierarchy of who is an acceptable immigrant : for example : westerners  east asians  arabs there is no doubt in my mind that many of the people who clamor about the 1 + million migrants from the middle east would being do so even if those migrants were as wealthy and educated as the native populations . 
  i do n't have a problem with people being opposed to certain groups of people necessarily , but just be honest about it . 
  if you do n't want your country to be 15 % muslim , just say so instead of beating around the bush . 
   norway only implements legislation that are relevant to the eea agreement and that 's close to 75 % of all european legislation , iirc . 
   the ability to negotiate our own trade agreements the eea is your trade agreement with the eu . 
  75 % of your trade is with the eu . 
  i 'm not sure having full control over the remaining 25 % is worth having no political representation in the eu . 
  i guess it 's fine if you 're okay with that , but i 'd prefer to be democratically represented in a political institution that writes my laws . 
  you are members in all but name . 
  there 's a reason why your center-left and center-right parties both support full eu membership . 
  the parliament has been strengthened with every treaty . 
  even if the commission was willing to give up that power to the ep , it would take a treaty change , which means national governments are the ultimate arbiter of the ep 's power . 
  even if it could be passed as simple legislation , it would not be approved by the council of the eu , which is an arm of the national governments . 
  the eu is flawed because national governments are petty and jealous of their sovereignty . 
  guess who wants that : the european parliament . 
  guess who does n't want that : national governments . 
  guess who gets to decide on it : national governments . 
  no dude , the overwhelming majority of people genuinely do n't know shit about the eu . 
  i bet you could count on one hand the number of people in your immediate social circle who could explain what the single market is . 
  the eu 's democratic deficit exists because of national governments ' penchant for intergovernmental institutions like the council and council of ministers . 
  the supranational institutions like the parliament and commission are the most democratic parts of the eu , and are also the institutions that resemble a national government most . 
  ever since jacques delors left office as commission president , the european council has co-opted more of the commission 's role and appointed uncharismatic people in important positions . 
  the uk , in particular , loves these intergovernmental institutions , yet it constantly complains about the lack of democracy in the eu . 
  david cameron fought hardest against spitzenkandidaten , which made the commission president elected similarly to a prime minister . 
  * an esa engineer furiously scribbles on a post-it note , * `` do not crash exomars rover into mars . '', 
  [ norway is about as integrated with the eu as the uk is . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-16594370 ), 
  i am willing to bet that a lot of people are opposed to a european superstate simply because they do n't understand * why * giving the eu more power would alleviate most of its problems . 
  i think they believe that giving brussels more power wo n't result in a more effective eu . 
  given that brexit has highlighted the pathetic lack of knowledge the public has about the eu , there is no doubt in my mind that the average european citizen could n't tell you why intergovernmentalism hamstrings the eu . 
  `` why should we give more power to an organization that does n't work ?! '', 
  i do n't understand how media organizations can get maps so wrong . 
  that is n't even remotely true . 
  because the vast majority of everything he is notable for was done after he moved to germany . 
  i think a degree of creative license is warranted here . 
  on the map , germany effectively has three most famous people : einstein , hitler , and kant . 
  i think the isds is really the major sticking point for opposition to of ceta , ttip , tpp . 
  i wo n't claim to be an expert on these trade deals , but it 's the issue that i see gets referenced most in online discussions . 
  if i had to guess , however , even if it was excluded , popular opinion would still be against these ftas . 
  there is a growing western populist backlash to free trade and globalism . 
  ah , fair enough . 
  what makes you think the us wants to reward the uk with an expedited trade deal when you can no longer shill for us in the eu and cozy up to china ? 
  stiglitz has a hate-boner for the euro . 
  i was pretty surprised by that . 
  i was expecting george washington or abraham lincoln . 
  greece is n't called the cradle of western civilization for nothing !, 
  and christianity is a major pillar of western civilization . 
  what is your point ? 
  it was mostly tongue in cheek , but i do think it would make more sense to assign the person to the country they are best associated with rather than their place of birth . 
  in that case , yes , stalin would probably make the most sense for russia too . 
  immanuel kant was born and died in prussia . 
  konigsberg became part of russia after his death , so i think russia should have lenin at the top . 
  i also feel like germany is getting off on a technicality . 
  i never would have guessed aristotle and plato are more famous than literally jesus . 
  i also expected literally hitler to score a lot higher . 
  i suspect this is mostly a result of my western bias . 
  numbers of hours worked is important within the context of worker productivity . 
  my understanding is that while greeks work a higher number of hours on average , their productivity is lower than other countries closer or below the average . 
  japan is notorious for this as well . 
  on paper , the eu can sign this trade deal through qualified majority if it wants to . 
  furthermore , british politicians were notorious for using the eu in that manner . 
  they exacerbated one of the problems they had with the eu in the first place . 
  the best way forward is to reduce the power national governments have and give it to brussels instead . 
  the other two options are the status quo or to dismantle the eu and make europe poorer and weaker again . 
  this is 90 % belgian politics and 10 % european politics . 
  the eu 's system of government is not at fault here , the belgian system of government is . 
  it 's one thing to oppose ceta , and it 's another to oppose globalism . 
  globalism has lifted hundreds of millions of people out of poverty . 
  if you have a problem with that then you 're just an asshole . 
  russia 's power comes from its military , not its economy . 
  it 's sort of the opposite of europe , which is seen as an economic power , but not a military power . 
  it and china are the only countries that can give the us military a run for its money . 
  oh fuck , do we have to warm up the tanks ? 
  i think the urban-rural divide is at play here too . 
  cities are generally more walkable , younger , and full of people who both value and better understand fitness and healthy eating . 
  goddamn hippies . 
  britain 's reputation in the capital cities of europe has definitely taken a hit . 
  it does n't matter what the normal citizen 's opinion of britain is at the moment because they 're not the ones who will be negotiating with britain , the governments will be . 
  pretty impressive that we have pictures of it so soon . 
  at least the lander was mostly a technology demonstrator . 
  i hope the rover does n't suffer the same fate . 
  you should read more then . 
  the historical consensus has almost always been that the allies would have won wwi even if the us had not entered the war , but the us 's entry into the war hastened it . 
  to clarify , each member state can choose one language to add to the eu 's official languages . 
  malta chose maltese and ireland chose irish .
