  those are the working languages of the eu institutions , but there are 24 official languages of the eu . 
  people say the same thing about londoners and new yorkers . 
  do you have any info for the us ? 
  you 're all already poorer because of the hit to the pound and you have n't even left yet . 
  then i assume you support leaving nato as well . 
  if a country more powerful than yours invaded , you would n't be clamoring about sovereignty while you were defended by another country . 
  fortunately that is n't something your country has had to worry about for 70 years . 
  do n't take it for granted . 
  does n't quite roll off the tongue . 
  because they are members of nato , whose larger members can already provide more and better aircraft without the three countries duplicating one of nato 's functions . 
  then there 's no point in discussing this with you . 
  the differences are readily apparent . 
  because a popularly elected european president could claim more legitimacy than any national leader and would have the power of a larger bully pulpit . 
  reading the comments in this thread made me unreasonably upset . 
  they already are . 
  you 're thinking too small . 
  if the us does n't rush to the defense of its nato allies , none of our other allies will trust that we will defend them . 
  japan , south korea , and the philippines will all rearm themselves and tension in asia will run even higher . 
  none of those countries have nuclear deterrents to fall back on . 
  this is why what trump suggests is so dangerous . 
  suggesting that article v is not ironclad undermines america 's security guarantees and encourages aggression by other actors . 
  why stop there ? 
  let every country have nukes . 
  nato is n't as much as a two-way street as it should be . 
  if germany is invaded by russia , we will be there . 
  if the united states was invaded by another country , how exactly are the rest of nato 's forces supposed to get here ? 
  france and britain are the only other members with significant power projection capabilities and they are laughable compared to us . 
  the united states can guarantee the security of the other 27 members . 
  the reverse is not true at all . 
   we want nations to handle their own problems and have the ability to fight along side us . 
  like britain and the falkland wars . 
  no us military needed . 
  no we do n't . 
  we want allies that contribute their fair share of the defense burden . 
  estonia could spend 100 % of their gdp on defense and they would still be steamrolled by russia . 
  furthermore , the point of nato is not for member states to augment american forces , but for member states to be augmented by nato forces . 
  for example : estonia ca n't supply an aircraft carrier , but france can . 
  estonia can supply soldiers , allowing france to deploy soldiers elsewhere . 
  we are your insurance policy . 
  when you ca n't defend yourself , you rely on us . 
  we do n't have an insurance policy , we are the insurance policy . 
  the least you could do is contribute the amount suggested by a treaty that you are bound to . 
  mad only exists between russia and the us . 
  no other nuclear powers have large enough stockpiles or advanced enough delivery systems to have mad with another country . 
  they do have nuclear deterrents , however . 
  example : pakistan does not have a large enough stockpile or the delivery systems to destroy the united states . 
  the united states would not go to war with pakistan regardless , because pakistan has a nuclear deterrent and would make an invasion too costly . 
  they 're conventionally powered as well , unlike the charles de gaulle . 
  bosnia is also essentially the eu 's project for the high school science fair . 
  i do n't understand why people reject western societal models . 
  it is n't coincidence that we 're the richest , most powerful , and most technologically advanced countries on earth . 
  right , but i meant if that was what convinced them to pull the trigger . 
  i wonder if the terrorist attack in nice pushed the military over the edge . 
  the us and eu are negotiating a free trade agreement . 
  the us is n't joining the single market , for which freedom of movement is necessary . 
  the queen in the north . 
  i 'm not going to continue this conversation because it is n't going to go anywhere . 
   the uk is only pushing this to be ethical , the eu is being hardball because they do n't want to be seen giving in to our demands whilst wanting to cause maximum upheaval . 
  the eu did n't vote to kick you out . 
  you voted to leave . 
  free movement of people and workers was one of the eu 's core concepts that you willingly chose to give up by leaving . 
  no one had any concrete plan for a post-eu britain , including what would happen to british residents in the eu and eu residents in the uk . 
  if you 're upset that the eu , and you as a result , are going to be using each other 's residents as bargaining chips , then the blame lays squarely on the uk for setting up the game in the first place . 
  the eu is looking out for its own interests now , which no longer coincide with yours to nearly the same degree as they did prior to the referendum . 
  do n't expect them to treat you like a delicate snowflake . 
  your country voted to leave the eu . 
  that means you do n't get the benefits of being an eu member . 
  it 's a two way street . 
  britain does n't get everything it wants . 
  we ca n't let this become the new normal . 
  what does the government define as poverty in each if these countries though ? 
  france has historically exceeded the 2 % threshold , but that has n't been true for the past several years . 
  it 's almost assuredly the former . 
  the us was opposed to brexit , and this clown was one of the people most responsible for it . 
  it 's also clear to everyone in the state department that he took that stance purely out of political opportunism . 
  boris had already significantly damaged american national interests before he was a member of the government . 
  this article is about the french defense budget . 
  you wrote that it 's more than enough for every threat europe faces . 
  how is 32 billion euros anywhere near enough to defend europe from anything ? 
  not quite enough , but it 's a start . 
  all hail the all-knowing and infallible public . 
  happy metric fourth of july !, 
  i motion to kick the uk out of the un . 
  sign up here . 
  damn french , why ca n't they speak english like the germans ? 
  do we have anyone here who can translate from fyromian ? 
  wow , that 's awful . 
  how fast were they going ? 
  by tying their fortunes increasingly to a country they think views them as an equal . 
  oh wait , you said help . 
  it does n't matter what germany , france , or the uk think of turkish membership in nato . 
  the us wants you in , and we practically run nato . 
  turkey is one of the most strategically placed countries in the world . 
  it is better to have them as an ally than not . 
  appeal to hypocrisy . 
  you seem to think that trade between the uk and eu is going to completely stop . 
  even under wto rules , trade between the two is going to be strong . 
  giving the uk the deal that most leave voters seem to want , access to the single market without freedom of movement , is unacceptable to the eu because it completely undermines the benefits of eu membership and the single market itself . 
  the eu has more to lose by giving the uk this sort of deal than by having a less favorable trade agreement . 
  the uk is a big market , sure , but the eu is like seven times larger .
