  if france acts and britain does n't it could be used as a way to show that european foreign and defense policy is too fragmented to be useful , allowing them to call for greater integration so as to have more power in these kinds of situations . 
  syria was a french mandate for two decades . 
  france has a very long history of getting involved in the affairs of its former colonies . 
  this is just something that they do . 
  i 'm interested to see how this will affect france . 
  it could sway them in either direction . 
  the united states has already indicated that if the president ordered military strikes , it would do them alone if necessary . 
  france , which has more of a vested interested in syria than britain , could foster a closer military relationship with the united states in britain 's absence . 
  this would serve french interests well , seeing as the french government has sought increased eu military integration since it 's getting harder and harder for the french to maintain their own robust armed forces . 
  a closer military alliance with the united states would be mutually beneficial . 
  i 'll be completely honest : i have no idea where i stand on this issue . 
  i do n't know if assad or the rebels used chemical weapons . 
  i do n't think there will be any good outcome from the syrian civil war either way . 
  i 'm just glad i 'm not the one who has to make the decision to strike or not . 
  you 'd be mostly correct . 
  for all practical purposes , the eu is a confederation , but few people like to acknowledge it because it makes it seem more like a single state , which is n't a terribly popular idea among europeans . 
  when turkey satisfies all the copenhagen criteria and the cypriot issue is peacefully resolved i would love to see them in the eu . 
  that being said , i doubt they will join any time soon . 
   but is n't the e.u. 
  based around the notion of equal , sovereign states ? 
  belgium or luxembourg , as long as their independent and sovereign , should be afforded just as many votes as germany in the upper house . 
  they are in union with germany as equal , in a sense , partners . 
  the eu in its current form is . 
  a united states of europe would be drastically different to what exists now . 
  there 's no inherent reason to assume that a federation must have equal representation among its political subdivisions , many countries do n't . 
  in this scenario , luxembourg and germany could just as easily be compared to bremen and north rhine-westphalia as it could to wyoming and california . 
   because you have the same number of senators as wyoming , but keep in mind , you have huge influence in the lower house , with a bunch of representatives . 
  proportional representation in the upper as well as the lower house would just give california excessive influence in the government . 
  you have to remember , california is only 1 in 50 states . 
  the problem is that the american senate is an incredibly powerful upper house , relative to most . 
  the house of lords has basically no power , the french senate is fairly weak , and the bundesrat ( one of the most powerful upper houses in europe ) is only slightly stronger . 
  the senate is n't a problem only for california . 
  california is just the biggest victim . 
  all the other big states suffer too . 
   proportional representation in the upper as well as the lower house would just give california excessive influence in the government . 
  you have to remember , california is only 1 in 50 states . 
  i do n't advocate for pr in a hypothetical european senate . 
  i 'd be fine with weighted voting like it currently exists in the council of the eu . 
  california is 1 of 50 states , but californians are 1 of 8 americans . 
  the senate and the electoral college disenfranchise citizens in the big states and empower the citizens of the smaller states . 
  my vote is less powerful than a voter in wyoming . 
  it defies the idea that my vote is equal to everyone else 's . 
  more than half of the country lives in the ten most populous states . 
  this means that more than 50 % of the population is represented by only 20 % of the senate . 
  i do think that individual states need some sort of representation , but the senate it its current incarnation is a gross violation of modern notions of democratic government and political equality . 
   angela merkel could save europe by pushing for a constitutional convention for the eurozone and creating a political union on anglo-american lines with a consolidated debt and common representative structures ... it is unlikely that she will do so , however , because her political style is largely reactive . 
  it 's unlikely that she will do so because it 's politically impossible , not because of her political style . 
  if the eu collapses , something else like it will replace it . 
  there 's really no other way for europe to exist in the modern age . 
  the eu already has an upper and lower house , the council of the eu and the european parliament , though the former is a bit more loosely structured . 
   equal number of senators from every nation big or small nononononono . 
  equal representation sucks so much ass . 
  something more along the lines of weighted voting like in the council of the european union or the distribution of votes in the bundesrat would be better . 
  this would be somewhere in between the two . 
  it ensures that individual states ' interests can be addressed thoroughly , without giving malta the same power as germany . 
  keep in mind this is coming from a californian , so i 'm pretty biased in that i hate the senate . 
   the big 5 ( uk , france , germany , spain & italy ) will just dominate everything the uk does n't have much leverage in many aspects of eu governance because it 's more euroskeptic than any other member state and is n't in the eurozone . 
  it does , however have more influence than every country in foreign policy , save for france . 
  spain and italy are n't really leaders in the way that france and germany are . 
  they 're not powerful enough on the world stage to significantly alter foreign policy , nor are they financially stable or rich enough to push france and germany aside . 
  eu policy , historically and at present , is run mostly by france and germany . 
  a senate with equal representation does n't change this , because the european council is where more and more of the important decisions are being made . 
  yeah !, 
  estonia kicks ass among former soviet republics !, 
  armenia is a very poor country , but bulgaria was about as poor when it was negotiating accession to the eu . 
  i know there 's been a lot of debate over some countries joining the eu too early , but i 'm of the opinion that it 's better to have countries in the eu , so that they can be molded , than to have them out of the eu , where other powers can influence them , like russia . 
   definitely would n't like the end-result to be comparable to the american political system today . 
  i can not stress enough that the term `` united states of europe '' is pretty much only used to refer to a europe with both a federal government and state governments . 
  i have never come across an advocate of a united states of europe who has implied that the american * system * of government would be emulated in europe . 
  it is simply a term that people use to convey the idea of a federal europe , since everyone is familiar that in the us , there is a two-tiered system of government . 
  those look like they 'd taste similarly to cinnamon rolls . 
  do they ? 
  i actually meant to type the 18th century , thanks for catching that !, 
  this is all really interesting . 
  thanks for posting it . 
  that 's a fairly strong number . 
  i 'm actually quite surprised . 
  far less than the other two baltic states . 
  it 's the most populous of the baltic states , and was a part of the polish-lithuania commonwealth until its partition in the late 18th century . 
  along with latvia and estonia , it is among the wealthiest of the former soviet republics . 
  it joined the eu in 2004 . 
  the capital is vilnius , and its flag would fit well in africa . 
  that 's about it , sadly . 
  edit : changed 19th to 18th century . 
  this could be a pretty big deal . 
  it may still be to soon too talk about intervention , but it should be noted that france has been eager to intervene in some form for quite a while now , though the french foreign minister said yesterday that the idea of french troops on the ground is out of the question . 
  the uk has been a bit less eager than france to intervene , but much more so than the us . 
  any hypothetical intervention would only happen with the blessing of the us . 
  france and the uk do n't really have the ability to sustain a large military intervention without american support , as evidenced by libya , and mali , to a lesser extent . 
  syria is a much more complex puzzle than libya and mali . 
  there is n't a strong , moderate rebel group that the west could back . 
  the whole thing is a mess with no good outcomes for anyone . 
  remove weekends . 
  socialism is bad everyday of the week . 
  [ like the arrow in the fedex logo . 
   germans . 
  be quietly smug about how superior you are . 
  postwar germans anyway . 
  and thus , european integration was conceived . 
  i 'll see you guys in 1951 .
