  did i say that it was ? 
  i hope everyone is learning how fucking stupid direct democracy is . 
  i 'll always remember where i was when they first booted the internet up in 2013 . 
  i also expected david cameron to invoke article 50 immediately . 
  instead we have a government dedicated to a policy of schr\u00f6dinger 's brexit . 
  it 's a complex of historic buildings in the center of moscow . 
  but that 's also irrelevant to my point , since i was essentially accusing you of being a government paid russian troll , which is why the context is important . 
  the word kremlin was both appropriate in the context and a stylistic choice . 
  in this context and in english , it 's used as a shorthand for the russian government , similar to how we say `` on friday , the white house responded to xyz . '', 
  your comment history reads like a kremlin-paid shill . 
   there would have been a massive decline as services jumped ship in anticipation for ` brexit proper ' . 
  the vast majority of businesses are n't going to spend millions of dollars moving operations to another location when there is a chance that nothing may happen . 
  they can plan for it , but why would a smart businessman actually spend money relocating from london to paris only for several months later for the uk to either remain in the eu or join the eea instead ? 
  it makes more sense to assume everything is business as usual until it is n't . 
  everyone is waiting to see what is going to happen with britain after article 50 is invoked and after it formally leaves the eu . 
  i mean , i assume donald trump will be voting . 
  last i checked we 're still bombing stuff in syria and the country is still in the midst of a civil war . 
  nato intervention in libya was an aerial campaign . 
  there was no invasion . 
  the uk and france could n't even do that without american help . 
   no the difference is no on in the uk wants to punish the eu what ? 
  i see rhetoric from leavers all the time expressing hope that brexit will destroy the eu . 
  british news sites ' comment sections are filled with it . 
   eu supporters and politicians want to actively sink the uk even if it hurts the eu some do , but do n't fall into the line of thinking that the eu is deliberately punishing the uk by treating it as a third country ( which is exactly what it voted for ) . 
  they 're just there for show . 
  you drink straight from the bottle . 
  ok , so you do n't want an eu president then . 
  the sum total of all your opt-outs is more than any other single member state has . 
  [ even norway , which is n't even in the eu , is about as integrated with the eu as the uk . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-16594370 ) [ this is an overly simplified chart of the level of integration of eu members . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/multi-speed_europe#overview_of_non-uniformity_inside_the_eu ) look at the uk . 
  you are the eu 's special snowflake . 
  constitutional changes should never be this easy . 
  nonsense !, 
  in my racist mind , russia is populated only by government-paid online trolls , matryoshka dolls , and closeted homosexuals . 
  based on three months of data after the vote and before actually leaving the eu ? 
  the vote itself did n't change any laws or regulations that facilitate business in the eu . 
  once britain is no longer a member of the eu is when the consequences will matter more . 
  no it would n't , because britain imports more than it exports . 
  if you think any other member state has been a brake on integration to the degree britain has been then you 're mistaken . 
  no idea . 
  you 've got them beat on meme production too . 
  i never really understood the hate for wind farms . 
  i think they look bitchin ' . 
  driving between la and sf , i always loved to see the altamont pass wind farm . 
  because neither side has an incentive to escalate to nuclear weapons first . 
  there have been military clashes between nuclear powers before , and both sides have shown restraint . 
  russia is more likely to instigate a frozen conflict a la eastern ukraine in the baltics than flat-out invade it . 
  this is something that nato has had to clarify would warrant invoking article v. why would the west respond to this kind of conflict with nuclear weapons ? 
  furthermore , military comparisons become pointless when you bring up nuclear weapons . 
  it 's pretty clear from the context that this discussion is about conventional arms . 
  i never claimed russia had naval superiority . 
  the point here is that russia would n't fight the eu , it would fight nato . 
  without the united states , europe does not have a single state that can conceivably stop russia . 
  collectively , the eu has military superiority over russia , but the eu has barely integrated on defense . 
  we can talk about a european economy , for example , but not a european military or even defense policy . 
  the former exists , the latter does n't . 
  if russia invaded poland tomorrow and the us did n't show up , much of europe would be fucked . 
  furthermore , russia has more missiles and military satellites than the eu . 
  it has been one of their main priorities since the 1960s . 
  european states do n't put nearly as much emphasis on them because the us does it for them . 
   are you of anglo or european origin ? 
  that cultural connection may be true for you , but it is not there for an increasingly large number of americans . 
  the americans who come to r/europe are probably statistical outliers in their interest ( selection bias ) . 
  yes , i am . 
  that does n't change the fact that millions of asian-americans , african-americans , and hispanic-americans consume european culture on a daily basis . 
  of course filipino-americans will have a connection to their ancestral culture , but in america they 're more exposed to european culture and norms than they would have been in the philippines . 
   and we generally do n't speak the same languages . 
  the age of americans having high rates of french or german as a second language are over . 
  we probably have more people in the us that fluently speak persian ( farsi ) than german . 
  nearly every single person in this country speaks either english or spanish , both of which are european languages . 
  most europeans can speak english now . 
  this is what i meant when we speak the same languages . 
   do you think the affinity is there with indian americans ? 
  chinese americans ? 
  black/african americans ? 
  absolutely , but of course i wo n't argue that its as strong as it is with americans of european descent . 
  the point is that an indian-american in general has a stronger affinity for europe than an indian does , and in general will have a stronger connection with europe than most other parts of the world aside from india . 
   troops are only part of russia is more than a match for any individual european country . 
  sorry , this should have read : `` russia is more than a match for any individual european country . '', 
  which segues well into your next point  no , we do n't . 
  not for defence . 
  we need them for interventions halfway around the world but those have always been american ideas anyway . 
  russia is second only to the us in military power . 
  without us support , the russian air force would obliterate european air defense . 
  a hypothetical conventional war between europe and russia would not resemble ww1 or ww2 . 
  troop numbers do n't matter as much as they used to . 
  missiles , rockets , planes , and satellites are more important . 
  all of which are areas in which russia is superior . 
  furthermore , you can win a war without occupying a country . 
  russia does n't need to occupy poland to destroy its ability to fight back . 
  the war in asia began in 1937 . 
  it ramped up several orders of magnitude after pearl harbor . 
  regardless , 1937 imperial japan was a bigger regional naval power in asia than 1937 britain . 
   it 's not like european countries need us troops for their defence . 
  no , you do n't need american troops per se , but you need american ground , naval , air , logistical , and intelligence assets . 
  russia is more than a match for any individual european country . 
  poland could throw 5 million men at russia and still lose handily . 
  nato 's purpose is to fill in the gaps of its member states and not to augment the us armed forces , as many people mistakenly believe . 
  the us is the only nato member state that is capable of filling in everyone else 's gaps .
