  the issue of surrendering sovereignty has more to do with political leaders than the electorate . 
  the electorate has very little say in the eu because political leaders have kept it that way , so as to retain as much national sovereignty as possible . 
  you do n't need to surrender sovereignty to make the eu more democratic , but it does make it a lot easier . 
  the current eu could make the commission an outgrowth of the legislature , like most other parliamentary systems , and the president of the european council could be popularly elected . 
  there has been an idea set forth of merging the posts of the commission president and president of the european council . 
  this is an interesting idea because it would create a single , more powerful , executive of the eu . 
  the problem is that without this president 's mandate coming for direct election or parliamentary support , it is undemocratic . 
  as such , it would make more sense to either directly elect a super-president ( which would also serve to foster more pan-european identity ) , or to keep the posts separate , one elected , one an outgrowth of the legislature . 
  surrendering sovereignty to brussels does not make the eu more democratic . 
  what it does is create favorable circumstances to make the eu more democratic . 
  national leaders are the biggest obstacle to federalism . 
  sovereignty and democracy are not one in the same . 
  they can exist separately or harmoniously in federations , confederations , or unitary systems . 
  a superstate makes democratic legitimacy much easier . 
  the reason the eu is n't as democratic as it should be is because it would sap sovereignty from the member states , who fight tooth and nail to keep intergovernmental institutions instead of supranational ones . 
  ah , to be german . 
   the world should be ours for the taking , this should n't be so hard . 
  hell , you 've done it before . 
  yes . 
  i 'm studying political science , and have taken courses mostly on european history and politics . 
  i hope to pursue a master 's in european public policy at a european university within the next year or two . 
  i plan to apply to several schools in england and scotland , and possibly one or two in belgium or france . 
  i am an ardent federalist , and believe that european integration can serve as a model for other regions around the globe . 
  i hope to be one of your despised eurocrats . 
  if it is n't a sovereign state by then , it will look a hell of a lot like one . 
  it is a tragedy that depression has fallen on greece . 
  in american culture , we poke fun at the french . 
  in french culture , they make fun of the americans . 
  it 's all in good fun . 
  well , in the case of italy , the pubic numbers did n't meet the targets necessary to enter stage iii of erm . 
  italian debt and deficits were , declining though . 
  as a sign of goodwill , italy was let into erm iii , because it was one of the largest states in the eu , both by gdp and population . 
  it was one of the founding members of the ecsc , and harbored some of the most pro-european governments and individuals of any state . 
  there was a real fear in italy at the time that if stage iii of erm proceeded without them , it would be an embarrassment for the country . 
  there were mistakes on all sides . 
  the problem with the current debate is that too much focus is put on pointing the blame at countries and individuals . 
  what is more important is creating a lasting solution to the problem . 
  they were hardly stupid . 
  it 's been often argued that they knew it was only possible to get monetary union at the time , which would precipitate a crisis such as this one , forcing fiscal union out of necessity . 
  with fiscal union would come expanded powers and greater democratic legitimacy to the supranational institutions like the commission and the parliament . 
  it was political engineering aimed at political union . 
  can hardly blame them though . 
  they 're essentially in a depression with no end in sight . 
  replace the words muslim and islam with jew and judaism respectively , and it becomes evident that mr. wilders and many other europeans are not far removed from 19th and early 20th century thinking . 
  it 's estimated that there are roughly 50 million muslims in europe , a continent with a population greater than 731 million . 
  about 16 million muslims reside in the eu , which has a population of just over 500 million . 
  i would hardly call this tantamount to an islamitization of europe , as geert wilders suggests . 
  immigration per se is not a bad thing . 
  immigration is one of the most significant reasons the united states became as politically , economically , and culturally powerful as it is today . 
  i have my problems with islam just like i have my problems with every religion , but labeling specific groups of people as unwelcome does nobody any good , especially when an aging europe is increasingly reliant on infusions of immigrants into its workforce . 
  this is nothing more than xenophobia . 
  sure , there are problems with a failure of various minority groups to integrate into european society , but that 's hardly a justification of such vitriol . 
  eurocrats desperately want to make the eu more democratic . 
  the problem is that it would take power away from national leaders , whose main roles in the eu are within the european council and the council of ministers . 
  the eu has a democratic deficiency because much of what the eu does is decided by these councils , who are responsible only to their national electorates , rather than the european electorate . 
  if these powers are instead transferred to the commission and parliament , then they could easily be reformed into a more traditional parliamentary system . 
  this has been the single most fundamental debate over european integration . 
  how far does supranationality progress at the expense of national sovereignty ? 
  taking away power from the european council and the council of ministers would represent a huge loss of sovereignty for every member state , which is something most europeans do not want . 
  europeans need to understand that the desire for a more democratic eu can really only be done at the expense of their own nation-state 's sovereignty . 
  the moment this debate is resolved is the moment that the eu 's endgame becomes clear : either it becomes a federation or not . 
  most eurocrats want federation , or something closer to it . 
  the only practical way to get to federation is decades of gradual integration and building a common european identity . 
  this issue will resolve itself in time , but it wo n't happen now . 
  to put it simply , what do europeans care about more : a democratic eu , or preserving major elements of national sovereignty ? 
  that being said , there has been talk of merging the president of the european council and the president of the commission into one position . 
  this would provide a bit more democratic legitimacy to the highest office in the eu , though i honestly think the president of the commission can be reformed immediately to emerge out of the parliament like in national governments . 
  what astounds me is that many republicans in the united states point fingers at europe and say that austerity is the path that the united states is heading to under obama . 
  what they do n't seem to realize is that austerity ** has been the republican platform for decades now ** . 
  it makes me so angry . 
  i believe france has been , for quite some time , the power most actively calling for the possible necessary use of force to end the crisis . 
  i remember reading an article ( i think it was from the economist too actually ) , about how korean pop stars , who are often themselves plastic surgery recipients , have such an enormous influence on popular culture in much of asia that people from many asian countries travel to seoul seeking plastic surgery . 
  i do n't know if k-pop ( korean pop music ) has made its way to europe yet , but it has traveled around the pacific rim fairly quickly , making inroads even in the us and canada . 
  i have read other articles about how k-pop has become a tool of korean soft power , amplifying the country 's influence in east asia , particularly in japan and taiwan . 
  it 's the seemingly insignificant oddities such as this that seem to offer more insight than one would expect . 
  it 's quite interesting . 
   but the uk is firmly european . 
  believe me . 
  i 'm not against you on this . 
   if the ` rationalisation ' is nothing of the sort then i certainly will . 
  belittling someone for any reason is n't terribly justifiable , let alone for one as trivial as this . 
  again , the rationalization is weak because the argument itself is weak . 
  i 'm simply presenting a belief than many americans ( and brits ) hold : that the united kingdom is more similar to the united states than to continental europe . 
  i happen think it 's a ridiculous belief , held by those who do n't understand either country very well at all . 
  do n't belittle me for merely attempting to come up with a rationalization for another person 's comment . 
  in the sense that some on this side of the pond consider it the 51st state . 
  america here . 
  when you guys start killing each other again , make sure to send us our invitation . 
  let 's keep in mind that the uk had to receive a loan from the imf in 1976 . 
  this is the point of the imf . 
  today you , tomorrow me . 
  [ relevant . 
  ] ( http://www.theonion.com/video/time-announces-new-version-of-magazine-aimed-at-ad,17950/ ), 
  europe has and always will be a continent of diversity . 
  embracing this diversity is a good thing . 
  adopting english as the sole official language jeopardizes the cultural histories of europe . 
  ideally , a federation will be formed that gives individual states the power to preserve their own culture to various degrees . 
  i believe some of the political motivations behind the creation of the euro was to facilitate political union . 
  the euro is a symbol of europe more than anything else . 
  the creation of a stronger , common european identity was decided to be a necessity before more significant advances toward federation could be made .
