  there is n't a single regional organization on the planet that is comparable to the eu . 
  the african union , the eurasion union , and unasur are incredibly less complex and powerful than the eu . 
  while asean has a longer history than the aforementioned three regional organizations , it differs greatly from the eu in that it has always been highly intergovernmental , having almost no supranational characteristics . 
  and while proposed asean economic community aims to emulate the eu 's single market , it has almost no plans to create supranational institutions to govern it , so its already doomed to fail . 
  the eu is referred to as * sui generis * for a reason . 
  what you do n't understand is the difference between the single market and a free trade area . 
  this , unfortunately , is one of the most common misunderstandings of the eu . 
  ** a free trade area aims primarily to reduce tariff barriers to trade . 
  ** both nafta and the eu are free trade areas . 
  ** a single market aims primarily to reduce non-tarrif barriers to trade ( e.g. 
  divergent laws , regulations , currencies etc ) . 
  ** nafta is not a single market . 
  the eu has a single market . 
  think of it like this : the eu 's economy resembles the economy of the united states much more closely than the economy of nafta . 
  the single market exists to make business in europe easier . 
  freedom of movement allows a business in berlin to hire the best person in the eu for that job , rather than the best person in germany . 
  this removes the requirement for sponsoring an individual with a work visa . 
  freedom of movement is not a prerequisite for being a part of the single market , but rather it is part of the single market . 
  remove it , and you no longer have a single market : you have a different economic system that is far less robust . 
   we are n't as childish or bitter as the continentals . 
  so now you think you 're morally superior to the rest of the europe , the degenerates . 
  not counting the microstates , norway , switzerland , and iceland add up to three . 
  norway is as close to being a member without actually being one . 
  switzerland has complicated trade relationship with the eu that has been trending toward greater integration over the years , despite the country being synonymous with neutrality . 
  iceland applied for membership as recently as 2009 before withdrawing it in 2013 . 
  the eu is more powerful now than it has ever been . 
  it was instrumental in transforming spain , portugal , and greece from poor , agrarian economies into developed , diversified economies . 
  if you expect the eu to undo the damage of decades of communism in 12 years then i do n't know what to tell you . 
   the eu ca n't convince countries to join that will be net contributors likew we are . 
  net contributors , other than the uk , that were not founding members of the eu : denmark austria finland sweden special mention : norway ( lol ), 
  congratulations , you now understand that states do n't have friends , only interests . 
  furthermore , us support for european integration was never covert . 
  we publicly supported the ecsc , edc , eec , and the marshall plan itself called for a joint european proposal for how the money would be spent , despite that proposal never materializing . 
  sorry , so did racists , victims of populism , and lots of uninformed and misinformed people . 
  you act like modern democracies have n't seen this kind of thing before . 
  we know exactly what sort of demographics voted for brexit . 
  a lot can change in 40 years . 
  the eurocrisis will be largely forgotten and the british economy will not perform as well as it would have inside the eu . 
  the eu has had a policy since 2004 of not giving new applicants opt-outs from the euro . 
  when britain reapplies , the eu will have all of the leverage . 
  either accept the euro or stay outside of the eu . 
  you literally held a referendum on eec membership two years after joining . 
   tell that to those in scandinavia , czech republic and even poland no one ever suggested euroscepticism has n't risen across the continent in recent years . 
  the argument has been that euroscepticism in britain has historically been higher than the other member states , which is objectively true . 
  i recommend you read [ this book ] ( https://global.oup.com/academic/product/euroclash-9780199542567?cc=us&amp;lang=en&amp;# ) . 
  it gives a great rundown of europeanization . 
  britain 's high level of euroscepticism has been incredibly well documented through eurobarometer polling for decades . 
  i 'm not going to link every single report from the past forty years because i 'm not in grad school anymore , and i think you 're more than capable of researching the topic given how passionate you are about it . 
  what unity ? 
  your country has had one foot out of the door since you joined the eu . 
  the eu has bent over backwards for decades to accommodate your whining , giving you special consideration and opt-outs and now it is n't even clear if or when you 're leaving . 
  everyone other country more or less agrees that the eu is worth expanding on and being a part of . 
  your country has , historically , been the most eurosceptic member by a significant margin . 
  you have a fundamentally different outlook on the eu from the rest of europe . 
   it 's a non-binding referendum that represents an internal process of the uk . 
  if the eu starts determining how member states should run their internal processes ( `` we 're going to upgrade this to be binding and further to be treated as if the member actually took action x at time y '' ) , that 's substantial overreach . 
  involvement in elections or in formal declarations should n't be something forced . 
  you or i would scream bloody murder if the us federal government decided `` well , people really wanted this , so we 're going to treat some state ballot choice as if it were the state actually taking action in a particular way '' . 
  it 's a bad precedent for the british government to set , not the eu . 
  if the government decides to ignore the result of a referendum , then there 's no point in referendums to begin with and will only further the contempt that the populace holds in their elected officials . 
  if this is let to fester it can become an existential threat to democracy . 
   uk nationalism is a matter for the uk , not for the eu . 
  no it 's not . 
  i 'm not sure if you 've noticed , but there is a massive nationalist populist wave moving across the west . 
  it has serious implications for global politics and economics . 
  we do n't live in a time when countries are largely sealed off from the outside world . 
   that 's saying is that there 's risk that the uk might leave ... so you 're advocating for doing it in a hostile and forced manner . 
  that 's like saying that there 's risk of a car crash , so you 'd best immediately drive your car into a wall at high speed . 
   businesses weigh risk all the time -- nothing new . 
  any implications of that risk -- like businesses considering setting up in the uk and hoping that the uk wo n't leave or that the uk will retain a form of single-market access sufficient for their needs -- will weigh more-heavily on the uk than the eu . 
  does n't need to be forced . 
  the governments of other countries do n't answer to the british people , nor are they responsible for ensuring the best outcomes for them . 
  they 're responsible for their protecting and advancing their own interests first . 
  an ambiguity in britain 's relationship with the eu is bad for economics because it will lead people and businesses to hesitate about long-term plans and bad for politics because it undermines britain 's stability and reliability as an international actor . 
  no , but the uk leaving the eu will already do more to negatively affect eu exports to the uk than any new trade agreement between the two . 
  and to add : maybe i should have been more clear , but i was talking more about the eu 's institutional foundation and principles , like freedom of movement . 
  a federalist is not going to let britain be in the single market without accepting freedom of movement . 
  you intentionally damaged your own national interests as well , but those are , of course , of less concern to every other country on the planet . 
   this sort of thinking is why it was the best idea to get the fuck out of the eu . 
  we 're so sorry , we should have voted in because it 's in the interests of america 's rich . 
  in fact remain 's slogan should have just been `` vote in , because retaining the status quo is good for goldman sachs '' . 
  you were literally just arguing that you 'd be happy to give the us a favorable trade agreement because they 're friends and now you 're defending being spiteful to your friend . 
  this is why no one takes brexiteers seriously . 
  i want to say you 're wrong , but nationalism is a helluva drug . 
   mr davis said this week that having access to the single market was not the same as being a member of it i wanted to highlight this because it is intentionally ambiguous . 
  everyone has `` access '' to the single market in the sense that i can buy a french product and have it shipped to me in the us . 
  however , the single market itself is more like a country 's internal economy than a free trade area . 
  it is governed by common laws , rules , and regulations that facilitate business among what were previously 28 disparate economies . 
  there are only 28 full members of the single market , as well as a handful of other european states with varying degrees of participation . 
  having `` access '' to the single market does n't grant a country any special privileges . 
  being a member of the single market does . 
  the problem is that for centuries people looked at who was in charge and saw almost exclusively white men . 
  it ignores the fact that the other 99.999 % of white men did n't fare much better than other groups . 
  firstly because it spits in the face of democracy , secondly because it will only further enrage nationalists and populists , and thirdly because an ambiguous state of affairs produces both political and economic uncertainty that affects the world , not just britain . 
  no , because that 's not how international politics works . 
  it is n't a schoolyard playground . 
  states have interests . 
  it was in us and european interests to keep the uk in the eu for political and economic reasons . 
  we should n't go out of our way to reward you for shooting yourself in the foot . 
  you 've intentionally damaged our national interests and the interests of the other 27 members of the eu , as well as other western-aligned countries and global business interests .
