  this is a blanket ban on government procurement of foreigner-produced analysis of brexit , not just trade negotiations . 
  for example , a foreign expert may be the only person who could even explain to the government what sort of institutional knowledge britain would have to build on agricultural policy , given that this policy has been conducted primarily at the eu level for decades . 
  this is n't just a ban on foreign experts ' advice on trade negotiations . 
  furthermore , even if this move was purely in anticipation of trade negotiations , which is n't comparable to matters of national defense as you brought up , they are being conducted with an organization that britain has been a member of for more than 40 years and whose membership are all british allies . 
  this move is unnecessary , spiteful , and stupid . 
   i must be honest , i find it quite alarming that the lse is so low on attendance from brits ( i think ts cool that people come from all over the world to study there , but its concerning that their are no native students in your class , even if only 10 % ) . 
  why do you think that might be ? 
  we are not smart enough or can not afford to study and live in london ? 
  even though you 're asking a loaded question , i 'll go ahead and answer . 
  london has a billion other universities , many of which are filled to the brim with british students . 
  from what i recall , british students still make up the largest portion of lse 's students , at around 30 % , but they make up a larger percentage of the total number of undergraduates than postgraduates . 
  lse is overwhelmingly postgraduate , however , because it has carved out a niche as the world 's premier social science institution . 
  it has higher global name recognition than any other london university , save for maybe ucl . 
  london also attracts more international students by nature because the city itself is highly international . 
  the european institute historically has fewer british students than other departments , and if i had to guess why , it 's because the british generally do n't care about or like the eu enough to warrant pursuing it in academia at a much lower level than other europeans . 
  to give you a sense of scale , my program had people from germany , france , the us , china , taiwan , canada , italy , romania , poland , sweden , turkey , austria , greece , spain , belgium , the netherlands , norway , the czech republic , slovakia , and denmark . 
  the largest contigents were from germany , france , and the us , unsurprisingly . 
  similar programs were also severely lacking in british students . 
  it 's often discussed here that there are significant racist elements present in polish culture . 
  europe endured thousands of years of war , culminating in the utter devastation of the world wars , ultimately emerging as client states and second rate powers in a new global paradigm dominated by countries several orders of magnitude more powerful than britain , france , and germany had been just several years prior . 
  european leaders feared that a third world war would destroy everything and took the necessary steps to avoid that . 
  the middle east has n't experienced anything remotely close to that . 
  nor has any other part of the world , for that matter . 
  europe 's experience is truly unique . 
  unfortunately we do n't live in 1904 and ca n't count on the ottoman empire to govern the entire middle east . 
  but of course , it 's also wrong to assert that they mostly got along when the middle east did have its fair share of religious strife and conflict from 600ad to 1918ad . 
  i 've been actively participating in this sub for five or six years . 
  i have absolutely seen an increase in the number of british eurosceptic posters over the years , particularly in recent months . 
  whether or not my observation correlates with reality and is n't just selective memory is something of which i ca n't be sure . 
  flair confirmed . 
  carry on . 
  the far-right is inherently nationalist , which is about as antithetical to the concept of the eu as you can get . 
  they 're not going to create pan-european nationalist movements because that does n't make any sense . 
  furthermore , there are very few true pan-eu political groups and movements . 
  european politics is still very much conducted at the national level . 
  when national leaders and government ministers meet in brussels , they are still thinking in national terms and seeking to advance their country 's interests before the interests of the eu as a whole . 
  one of the few places where the interests of the eu as a whole are placed above national interests , in general , is the european parliament , which is n't as powerful as any national parliament . 
  this is purely from my own observation , but there seems to have been a huge influx in the number of brexiteers posting on this sub over the past couple of weeks . 
  before the referendum , they were few and far between . 
  post-referendum , they 've come out of the woodwork , seemingly to justify their decision . 
  we certainly have n't helped things , but the biggest problem in the middle east is that no one gets along anyway . 
  if boat people turn up on australian shores on this kind of boat do they still get turned back ? 
  if you 're okay with being poorer , then who am i to argue that brexit is stupid ? 
  if you think equating the eu with nazi-dominated europe is somehow reasonable then you 're beyond salvation . 
  forgive me for trying to use more creative language . 
  caricature is n't the right word because it would mean i 'm exaggerating your characteristics . 
  i 'll edit my comment back to stereotype . 
  no , i imagine someone banging on about sovereignty , german cars , british militarism , polish workers , and a false sense of superiority . 
  all of which feature in your recent comments and make up the stereotype of the brexiteer . 
  my god man , you are the actual stereotype of a brexiteer . 
  the ghost of thatcher would close it . 
  i 'm upset that nasa pulled out of this mission . 
  i get that they wanted to build their own rover , but i 'm afraid the russian launch and landing systems will fail . 
  i went sailing in french polynesia years ago . 
  it 's probably the coolest place i 've ever been . 
  if the ping to gaming servers was n't so high , it 'd probably be paradise . 
  [ there are american territories on the list too . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_nations_list_of_non-self-governing_territories ) the un special committee on decolonization has also called on the us to expedite a solution to puerto rico 's political situation . 
  the euro is a currency . 
  the ems was part of the mechanism by which member states linked their currencies together so they could create a common currency in the first place . 
  this is comparing apples and oranges . 
  the ems is not the euro . 
  if greece did n't leave the euro at any time over the past 8 years , then there 's no reason to believe any other country will in the next 8 years . 
  are you living in the 18th century ? 
  i do n't know much about this guy . 
  can any portuguese give us some insight ? 
  when winston churchill said `` the best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter , '' he was talking about you . 
   where berlin holds the real power . 
  implies that the eu is run by a single state . 
  in fact , the smallest states are disproportionately more powerful due to veto power/weighted voting/qualified majority in various institutions . 
   where there 's talks of an eu army . 
  there 's been talk of this since the 1950s . 
  the renewed talk comes because the uk , historically the main opponent of defense integration , is leaving the eu and thus unable to prevent or slow this integration . 
   where they overthrew a democratically elected president of a sovereign country which lead to a bloody civil war . 
  i assume you mean ukraine , a country whose populace is split between east and west . 
  domestic unrest and protests turned violent is what precipitated yanukovych 's fall from power . 
  the eu ca n't be both a hobbled giant incapable of solving anything and a machiavellian organization that overthrows governments on a whim . 
   where the executive body bend to the wishes of goldman sachs . 
  lol  where they want everyone to be the same the motto of the eu is `` united in diversity . '', 
   the same currency makes business easier than 28 currencies . 
  nevertheless , countries that have whined enough have been given opt-outs . 
   same borders have you forgotten that many member states have created additional walls and fencing , reintroduced limited border controls etc. 
  in response to the migration crisis ? 
  have you forgotten that not every member state is part of the schengen area ? 
   same language the eu has 24 official languages and 3 working languages , 1 of which is the global lingua franca . 
   same ideas what, 
   `` today too many people in positions of power behave as though they have more in common with international elites than with the people down the road , the people they employ , the people they pass on the streets , '' they probably do have more in common with their fellow elites than their working class employees . 
  i do n't know if it 's just me , but recently i 've seen a lot of british posters in this sub that would fit right in at / r/the _ donald . 
  the quote never mentions the word fascist by the way . 
  if you ca n't see that the uk and france are being threatened by populists and demagogues its because you drank the kool-aid . 
  funny , because the eu is the only entity that has ever peacefully united europe through voluntary membership . 
  what ? 
  right wing parties have been in power in more european countries than not for the better part of the last 16 years . 
  it 's funny because the quote is now most applicable to the uk and , to a lesser extent , france . 
  wow , i 'm not even going to bother with this one . 
  how dare lithuania look out for its own interests by not letting what is a soon to be ex-eu member state skirt the rules , which is exactly what you 're castigating them for . 
  thankfully for them the bulk of their defense does n't come from a country that threw czechoslovakia under the bus . 
  while i agree that most of nato does n't spend enough on defense , the idea that you would risk letting eastern europe fall under russian domination over a matter of money is a shitty way to play geopolitics . 
  furthermore , your own country could be spending more money on defense too . 
  britain could increase its defense spending by 25 % and have more of an impact than lithuania would by increasing theirs by 400 % .
