  i may not have agreed with her ideology , but i recognize the tremendous impact she had on britain . 
  her death should be a time of reflection for the british people and others the world over . 
  norway is saudi arabia , but with more cold and democracy . 
  first energy drinks , now nutella . 
  why do n't they just cut out the middle man and steal a truck full of diabetes ? 
  i believe it 's from 2011 or 2012 . 
  what 's with the bay area and expats ? 
  i 'm from the bay area and will be in london in a few months . 
  i know a lot of people living in china , japan , and europe who are from the bay area as well . 
  at least you 've mastered the cultural immersion aspect . 
  i can speak some french , but i 'm far from fluent . 
  i started learning french at age eleven , because the choice in my school was between that and spanish . 
  i was n't interested in latin america , nor spain , nor did i want to take the more popular course , so i chose french . 
  i 'm a bit of a francophile , which has reinforced my desire to learn it . 
  i want to live in brussels for a bit in the next few years in order to pick up some more . 
  it 's pretty hard to learn a second language as an average american . 
  we 're fairly self-absorbed and there is n't really a need to learn a second language , since the country is so big . 
  none of my close friends can speak another language fluently , and only my mother 's side of the family can speak a second language . 
  my mother speaks armenian , but never taught me as a child . 
  i wish she had . 
  i 've always wondered how the british feel about their colonies relative to their rivals ' colonies as well as their other territories . 
  some british colonies are far and away the most successful former imperial holdings ( usa , canada , australia , new zealand ) . 
  how is the topic taught in british schools/how does the british public view it ? 
  ah yes , the arctic powder keg . 
  that was one of my favorite books i read in high school . 
  i agree that france needs to undergo some structural economic reforms , but even if france was successful , the euro is still 90 % of the problem with the european economy . 
  it does n't matter how successfully and extensively individual countries reform so long as the euro retains its inherent flaws . 
  now you 're starting to understand . 
  what happened to your complimentary freedom beer ? 
  [ you just need the right carry-on . 
  in grade school my class took a trip to a jelly belly factory . 
  it was everything you imagine it would be . 
  yep , my mistake . 
   what is conquest ? 
  true , western countries do n't send tanks into the streets anymore , we use soft power instead . 
  every country that has joined the eu has done so because they elected to do it , not because someone forced them to at the barrel of a gun . 
   the daily telegraph uncovered from declassified archives that the us directly financed the eu construction [ 1 ] as it would align europe against totalitarian ussr . 
  how is this newsworthy ? 
  the ecsc was a european idea , not an american one . 
  it happened to served american interests as well . 
  do n't forget that the marshall plan , too , was devised in part to prevent socialist and communist groups from taking power in western europe in the early postwar period , and yet europeans and americans alike hold in it very high regard . 
  none of this is surprising or new information . 
  just because integration served us interests in the cold war does n't mean it was a bad idea . 
   it 's sad to think of it this way , but europe enjoyed peace because there were enough thermonuclear intercontinental ballistic missiles that would lead to mutually assured destruction in case of war , not thanks to some piece of paper . 
  what has been more responsible for keeping europe at peace , integration or nuclear weapons ? 
  this is one of those questions we can never really answer , because both happened at the same time . 
  even so , integration did n't just help keep europe at peace , it repaired franco-german relations and brought germany back into the fold . 
  nuclear weapons would n't have done that . 
   europe is not fine today , it has the highest unenmployement rates , greece never had such high unenmployment rates except just after ww2 . 
  in relative terms , yes , it is fine . 
  it is one of the richest and most stable and democratic regions in the world , with strong rule of law and high human development . 
  high unemployment and economic contraction are infinitely better than total war . 
  no one is denying that the eu is going through rough times , but i sure as hell would rather be unemployed than dead . 
   you 've got guys like thomas padoa-schioppa [ 2 ] who fathered the european common currency saying the eu is enlightened despotism what makes his interpretation of the eu 's history right ? 
   the roman empire , the napoleonic wars , the nazis , the soviet union and now the european union . 
  one of these is not like the others . 
  the eu is n't built on conquest . 
   europe thrived when it was `` divided '' , as it promotes the competition of different ideologies people can choose from . 
  europe also suffered the worst wars in human history , incessant religious and ethnic persecution , terrible early industrial practices etc. 
  i wo n't argue that europe was n't the height of human civilization for centuries , but progress came with a great deal of suffering . 
   let 's not forget that when their ideas were n't liked by the authorities of their home country , many thinkers fled to other european countries , who delighted in protecting them from rival countries . 
  and many others fled to the new world to escape the europe of their day . 
  europe has never been more peaceful or prosperous than it is today . 
  you seem to be one of those people who finds any flaw in the eu and twists it into another tyrannical attempt at subjugating europe . 
  if that is indeed true , there 's nothing i can say to change your mind . 
  here is the text from the treaty verbatim :  the parties agree that an armed attack against one or more of them in europe or north america shall be considered an attack against them all and consequently they agree that , if such an armed attack occurs , each of them , in exercise of the right of individual or collective self-defence recognised by article 51 of the charter of the united nations , will assist the party or parties so attacked by taking forthwith , individually and in concert with the other parties , such action as it deems necessary , including the use of armed force , to restore and maintain the security of the north atlantic area . 
   any such armed attack and all measures taken as a result thereof shall immediately be reported to the security council . 
  such measures shall be terminated when the security council has taken the measures necessary to restore and maintain international peace and security . 
  what 's important to point out is that it does not force all member states to declare war on the aggressor , rather that nato will pursue a course it deems necessary . 
  however , let 's get into a hypothetical situation where part of san francisco is destroyed by a north korean nuclear attack . 
  i have no doubt that most nato members would stand ready to actually fight north korea , but it would really depend on whether or not the us asks them to . 
  a resumption of the korean war could be won by the united states and south korea alone , since they have overwhelming military superiority and have been planning for it for the past sixty years . 
  adding in some nato countries that have n't been in those planning sessions may only make the operation more difficult . 
  in this scenario , i think nato countries would probably provide logistical and operational support , and * maybe * a few countries would actually fight ( i 'm thinking britain and france most likely ) . 
  ultimately , its up to the us to decide how the war is conducted . 
  this is all assuming that china does n't get involved somehow . 
  it really is . 
  it resembles many confederations or proto-federations , but there is an important difference . 
  what makes the eu different from other unification efforts is primarily its scale and diversity . 
  whereas the german confederation was the first step toward unifying small and constantly changing principalities and states in a relatively small geographic area , the eu leads the gradual unification of countries with thousands of years of history , identity , and rivalry and animosity amongst each other . 
  the eu is aimed at continental unification , which has never been successful ( since the only way it has been attempted before is through conquest and forced subjugation ) . 
  asean is not a supranational union in the way the eu is . 
  it is a regional organization designed to promote dialogue among its members . 
  it aims to preserve sovereignty through this method rather than relinquish it to a central authority . 
  a supranational union is not possible in asia given the prevalence of nationalism and continued mistrust , bitterness , and even hatred among asian countries . 
  the african union is too big and too weak to be relevant as a supranational entity . 
  the continent is too diverse , too poor , and too bloody for it to resemble anything like the eu in this century . 
  similarly , the arab league is united primarily through a loose idea that there is a common arab identity , through reigion , language , culture , and history . 
  the problem is that many of these countries do n't like each other , have widely different interests , and is further complicated by membership of north african countries in the african union . 
  south american integration , through unasur , is explicitly modeled after european integration . 
  south america represents the next most likely region where a supranational union could function . 
  democratic institutions and rule of law are stronger in south america relative to most of the rest of the world . 
  a common colonial heritage , with two main languages makes it a less diverse continent than europe . 
  it never experienced war on the scale that europe has , which may or may not affect its long term development . 
  a north american union could work in theory , if limited to canada , the united states , and mexico . 
  the main problem would be that the united states would dominate the union , since it is by far the largest and most powerful country . 
  a secondary problem would be mexico 's economic weakness relative to the other two . 
  it would be easier to justify a union to americans and canadians if mexico was n't as populous as it is . 
  unfortunately , it wo n't happen anytime soon , because nationalism in the region ( particularly in the united states ) is far too powerful . 
  i point out all these regional organizations because it shows what a unique position europe is in .
