  in the eu , the uk was a big fish in a small pond . 
  outside the eu , the uk is a small fish in a big pond . 
  good . 
  i do n't want that fucker injecting his toxicity into my country 's already cancerous political culture . 
  sorry , that should have been `` also . '', 
  do n't feed the troll , guys . 
   people switched from sanders to trump because they would both `` change stuff '' . 
  this is a meme and was a point that was deliberately blown out of proportion by russian propaganda to hurt hillary . 
  something like 90 % + of sanders voters ended up voting for hillary . 
  furthermore , people who did swap from bernie to trump are not people with an adherence to any political ideology beyond contrarianism , since they are about as far apart as you can get in american politics . 
  these people will not redefine the political spectrum because they are n't fucking on it . 
  they are contrarian retards . 
  many people , such as myself , believed it was entirely satirical up until the primaries . 
  then we realized we were among people who thought it was serious and promptly left . 
  it 's a very common shared history among redditors who have ventured to that sub . 
  using us terms : liberal = left conservative = right libertarian = socially liberal , fiscally conservative libertarianism is closer to the classical definition of liberalism than american liberalism is . 
  american liberalism is split into two roughly equal camps that both fall under the auspices of the democratic party : progressives ( social democrats ) and moderates/centrists ( probably closest to continental european liberalism ) . 
  it 's worth pointing out that the entire american political spectrum has lurched toward the right since reagan united the rockefeller republicans ( business elite ) and evangelical christians . 
  the republican party is much further right of center than the cdu/csu , lr , tories etc. 
  there are very few moderates left in positions of power in the republican party . 
  for example , yesterday 's passing of the ahca by the house was largely due to numerous concessions ( repealing the aca 's ban on insurers ' ability to deny coverage based on preexisting conditions chief among them ) made to the house freedom caucus , a group of 31 republican congressmen at the extreme right of the party . 
  they do not believe in compromise . 
  no , the bnp has been rightfully stigmatized in british political culture . 
  the racists and hatemongers will have to re-brand themselves in the same way as the alt-right did in the us . 
  washingtongue, 
   clearly you hold animosity towards the uk , which is somewhat understandable ( only somewhat ) . 
  i 'm only going to address this point because i 've been seeing a lot of british posters on reddit peddling this idea post-brexit referendum . 
  i find it interesting that there is a common default reaction to any post critical of brexit is that the poster hates the uk for some reason . 
  to qualify my post : i lived in the uk for a little over a year while attending grad school at lse . 
  i absolutely love the uk , have many friends there , and am planning to visit again in august . 
  i oppose brexit with every fiber of my being , and will not beat around the bushes about how bad a decision it is . 
  try and separate this from a personal attack . 
  americans are well accustomed to being criticized by europeans for absolutely fucking everything we do . 
  my advice to you is to grow thicker skin , because brexit is n't going to get any easier , and you are n't going to make more friends or set an example for the rest of europe by playing the victim . 
  it is a defining moment in your country 's history , and will dominate your politics for as long as you are n't a member of the eu . 
  that being said , aside from participating in the invasion of iraq , brexit is the dumbest thing your country has done in living memory and will be remembered by history as such . 
  i 'm not going to get into the nitty gritty of policy here , but i will say that i have a master 's degree in politics and government in the eu , so i 'm exceedingly informed on the topic . 
  nearly all of the leave camp 's arguments boiled down to appeals to emotion rather than actual substance . 
  the fact that brexit is a solely self-inflicted wound via democratic referendum makes it even more embarrassing to those who actually know the eu and its history . 
  an entire country 's collective ignorance was put on full display for the entire world to witness . 
  winning the referendum is not a vindication of pro-brexit ideology . 
  brexit is fucking embarrassing . 
  and yes , i 'm aware of the irony of writing the above from what is now trump 's america . 
  it 's code for `` we want everyone else to do what we say because we do n't actually like voluntary cooperation when we do n't agree with it . '', 
  anyone who followed the issue understands that the fbi clearly stated * twice * that a recommendation of indictment was not appropriate in the case . 
   if english does decline it will not imply a resurgence of french . 
   most likely it will be mandarin which will be even worse . 
  i do n't agree . 
  almost no one who is n't chinese speaks mandarin . 
  french and spanish , for example , cross way more cultural and national boundaries while also having massive numbers of speakers . 
  english is in its own league at the moment . 
  i could n't say with any amount of certainty which language would eventually replace english if it disappeared overnight . 
  iirc , every american president has supported turkish eu membership since like the 1960s . 
  turkey is just that geopolitically important . 
  it 's disingenuous to imply that obama started this policy . 
  i think it 's far more likely that you do n't agree with their opinion and consider everything contrary to yours wrong . 
  why would they even attempt to hide something that they have always been public about ? 
  both papers are public about their editorial stance . 
  both support neoliberalism and globalization . 
  neither supported brexit . 
  they never hid it . 
  you scots sure are a contentious people . 
  the economist and the financial times are the only good british newspapers , imo . 
  americans care about soccer once every four years . 
  since 1939 . 
  yes , the world was a shitty place when nationalism was at widespread as it was . 
  globalization and internationalism are largely responsible for ushering in the most prosperous and peaceful era in human history . 
  literally hundreds of millions of chinese alone were lifted out of poverty because of globalization . 
  that is n't something i 'm willing to risk throwing away by reverting back to a world where most people have an overly emotional attachment to the tribe they did n't choose to be born into . 
  maybe watching so much star trek as a kid made me too idealistic . 
  how much did he pay you to write that ? 
  `` so , that 's it huh ? 
  we 're some sort of european union ? '', 
  i genuinely do n't understand how so many of you are this delusional . 
  this is n't the 19th century . 
  britain is n't the power it once was . 
  on nearly every measure , the eu is more important and powerful than the uk . 
  your understanding of the eu has been obfuscated by british nationalism , your garbage media , and your opportunistic politicians who scapegoated it for decades . 
  if only we had a time machine to send nationalists such as yourself to belgium circa 1916 . 
  then we 'd both get what we want . 
  maybe the english national team would be better if they moved the goalposts as much as you . 
  the eu and uk go their separate ways instead of being together in an uncomfortable relationship . 
  other than that , i really do n't think there are any . 
  britain will be weaker and poorer outside of the eu than inside . 
  getting rid of freedom of movement and reasserting national sovereignty are empty rhetoric to me since i 'm not a nationalist . 
  they rely on a strong emotional attachment to the * idea * of britain that i do n't have . 
  i may be able to provide someone with statistics showing the benefits of freedom of movement , but so long as they feel like eu migrants dilute british culture , and that that 's a bad thing , we 'd be talking past each other . 
  brexit is ultimately a debate between the head and the heart . 
  i 'm an unabashed europhile and internationalist . 
  brexit , trump , le pen , wilders etc all represent a tribalistic ethos that i had hoped the west had relegated to the history books . 
  humanity can be more than the sum of its parts . 
  nationalism is just another way people divide themselves and holds themselves back from achieving greater things . 
  of course , but my master 's degree in eu politics and government disagrees . 
  in b4 useless degree or pff experts, 
   let me stop you right there mate . 
  this is exactly why brexit is happening , because people in the uk do n't want to be a subnational polity i know , it 's called nationalism . 
   were most definitely not sold that when they joined the precursor to the eu the eu has been a political unification project from the beginning . 
  read the schuman declaration . 
  this was all public knowledge more than two decades before the uk even joined . 
  it is no one 's fault but the british public 's for believing the eu was ever anything else .
