  it 's obvious that the baltics are a strategic liability rather than an asset . 
  nevertheless , the courteous thing to do for any small member of a military alliance is to contribute their fair share . 
  well yes , but being a freeloader in a military alliance risks giving your allies pause should something actually happen to you . 
  freedom of movement in the eu essentially means that an eu citizen can live and work in another eu citizen without having to go through the immigration process . 
  [ the commission 's website explains it in greater detail . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/social/main.jsp?catid=457 ) the schengen area abolished border controls between eu member states . 
  it is most commonly experienced when , for example , someone drives their car from france to germany without having to stop at the border . 
  the uk is n't in schengen , so eu citizens have to flash their passport as they go through the border control , but that 's pretty much all they have to do . 
  it does n't really matter that much that the uk is n't in schengen because it 's an island , and you 'll be arriving by train or plane most of the time . 
   the eu certainly could beat the russians in a conventional war , ** if ** they were united and had the will to fight . 
  this is why i do n't think they could . 
  this is a huge if , and it 's one that russia does n't have to deal with . 
  by the time they were united to the point of being able to mount an operation to retake finland , russia will have entrenched itself so much and have prepared for so long . 
  it 's not like the eu 's conventional superiority over russia is a complete blowout either . 
  i mean , we often talk about how russia could give even the us a run for its money . 
  one decisive battle could turn a conventional war in either sides favor . 
  it would definitely shake the eu to its very core , but i do n't think it would collapse if they did n't respond militarily . 
  if anything , there would be greater support for increased political and military integration . 
  that being said , i really do n't think the eu could take back finland without american help . 
  i love how anti-american propaganda makes us seem like we 're pulling the strings in literally every part of the world and that they 're all connected as part of a grand strategy of global domination . 
  do people really think that we 're * that * powerful ? 
  i do n't think he would either , but finland is actually more of a grey area for the west . 
  it 's one of the few eu members that is n't in nato , the others being austria , cyprus , ireland , malta , and sweden . 
  unfortunately , they border russian and have a complicated relationship with them . 
  nato and the eu do have some intimate links , but i would n't be so sure that nato would rush to the defense of finland like it would estonia . 
  the fact that they are n't in nato gives nato countries an easy out . 
  any russian action against finland would certainly test the west 's resolve . 
  i think that we would intervene more likely than not , and i 'm sure nato has contingencies plans for this specific case , but i ca n't be certain either way . 
  do n't raise it any faster or your budget might burst into flames . 
  no , but he is absolutely correct in that prior to the civil war , people did identify primarily with their state . 
  washington and jefferson were very proud virginians , for example . 
  remember that the us was a confederacy for the first few years of its existence , and that the federal government was very weak relative to the states until the end of the civil war . 
  and let 's be honest , other than linguistic and some minor cultural differences , how different are the french and germans really ? 
  they share some of their most cherished values , such as personal liberties , social welfare , etc. 
  i think the differences among europeans are generally overstated , particularly of younger generations . 
  penis and testicles with cancerous growth . 
  come on putin , let 's go shootin ' . 
  nazi germany is also not the only example of a fascist state . 
  yes , but ireland is n't a quasi-fascist state of 145 million people , armed to the teeth with nuclear weapons . 
  if obama had n't been seen in public for 10 days without explanation , we would be having the same discussions . 
  that 's true . 
  the only countries with any substantial form of power projection are the us , uk , and france . 
  every other country on the planet would have an incredibly hard time fighting a war beyond their borders without third party assistance . 
  that 's why its commentary and opinion . 
  the times ' actual reporting is at least a tier above any other paper in the us . 
  it might be partly because they are held to a higher standard than others , given their reputation and that they are the paper of record . 
  here 's the thing . 
  the belligerents in world war i and ii were far closer in power than the most likely belligerents in world war iii . 
  there are really only two countries in the world that could possiblygive the us a run for its money : russia and china . 
  neither of these countries have many allies , and the ones they do are generally weak and poor . 
  any way you cut it , the west outstrips russia and china in the vast majority of relevant military and economic comparisons . 
  i do n't think any war is going to break out when military and political leaders in russia and china are fully aware of just how outmatched they are by the west . 
  why risk war when you 're likely to lose ? 
  i 'm glad . 
  i absolutely hate desert camo . 
  i also hate desert maps in video games . 
  fuck dust_2 . 
  i never knew that . 
  that 's pretty cool . 
  i think it goes vice president , speaker of the house , president pro tempore of the senate , secretary of state , secretary of the treasury , secretary of defense . 
  after that i 'm not sure . 
  so fifth is treasury . 
  that 's actually a cabinet level position and fifth in the presidential line of succession . 
  what the fuck ... 
  jesus christ , it 's happening again . 
  ideally , i think the eu should have a unified foreign policy and armed forces and remain a strong ally of the united states . 
  realistically , i think the eu needs more cooperation on all security , defense , and foreign policy issues . 
  at the very least , every nato member state should be meeting the 2 % of gdp mark for defense spending . 
  you did n't get this month 's newsletter ? 
  the people voted their government into office . 
  do n't blame the us for their choice . 
  sadly , i do n't think a two state solution will ever work . 
  imagine if belgium was a country . 
  two different languages !, 
  we never forced any current nato members to join . 
  hell , we even put up with france and greece quitting nato integrated military structure . 
  [ are we occupying all of these countries with < 100 men in each ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:current_us_military_deployments.png ), 
  what a piece of shit . 
   anyway , like i said , i 'd prefer there would be no foreign troops in order to guarantee the independence of the country . 
  i think the vast majority of people everywhere would prefer this . 
  the problem is that it is too idealistic . 
  the real world is filled with countries that are big and small , strong and weak , and rich and poor . 
  romania is not big , strong , or rich enough to be able to guarantee its independence from russia . 
  foreign troops do occasionally train or operate some of their equipment in the united states . 
  i believe that the uk operates some drones out of the us . 
  if the us was somehow invaded by another country , you can bet your ass we 'd be calling in the rest of nato to help us . 
  the reality is that romanian troops do n't have to be stationed on american soil because there is no significant threat to our country like russia is to romania . 
  the us did n't force romania to join nato . 
  it is not an american client state like it was a soviet client state . 
  how would you feel about british , french , or german troops being stationed in romania instead of americans ? 
  well , we 're also capitalists . 
  the only thing we love more than exporting freedom is charging people for it . 
  oh wow , that really sucks . 
  were they their only two children ? 
  my academic expertise is in europe . 
  i think it has the most interesting political situation of any region in the world . 
  comparing absolute numbers is ridiculous . 
  cyprus could spend their entire annual budget on their military and still be nowhere near as powerful as france . 
  the uk and france are n't that far ahead of other european states in military spending as a percentage of gdp .
