  the iraq war was a completely artificial and unnecessary war . 
  the war against isis is a natural extension of the chaos that resulted from the iraq war and arab spring . 
  well whatever the fuck we 've been doing for 4 years has n't worked either . 
  it could also have a rally around the leader effect for hollande . 
  too early to say at this point . 
  to be fair , europeans often point out how large their aid budgets are relative to a country like the us . 
  american posters are then quick to point out that americans are among the most charitable in the world in terms of private aid . 
  i can see why clarification would be necessary . 
   ukip received 3.9 million or 12.9 % of the votes in the last general election , however thanks to fptp this translated to just one seat in the commons . 
  even in the european parliament where they 've traditionally dominated the votes the effect has been essentially nil because the parliament itself is just too bloated and intractible . 
  the continued existence of fptp is also a failure of the british people to address their own democracy 's inadequacies . 
  they had an opportunity to switch to a slightly better option in av , but they shot it down . 
  ukip has been largely powerless in the european parliament for two reasons . 
  the first being that the ep itself is not powerful . 
  the second being that ukip 's european affiliate has a very small portion of the total seats in the ep . 
  euroscepticism just does n't exist on the same scale outside of britain . 
  they 're a loud minority , nothing more . 
   on this issue the democratic process has simply failed , but no one is quite sure what can be done about it . 
  as a people the british are generally slow and very conservative when it comes to political change , so any attempt at reform faces a number of substantial roadblocks . 
  this is solely a result of britain 's political culture . 
  there is no one to blame but themselves . 
  ridiculous . 
  the rest of the eu should n't bend over backwards just to accommodate one country . 
  it sets a bad precedent that will only fragment the eu further and make it less effective , and accelerate europe 's decline . 
  let britain leave and find its own way if it 's what they really want . 
   the issue broadly is that there has been literally no way , at the national ballot box , to back parties that are credible and had a different view to the official government view on the eu in most instances . 
  this is a failure of the british public alone to organize a mainstream eurosceptic party . 
  if the people really wanted to leave the eu , they should have stopped voting for labour , the conservatives , and lib dems . 
  even if they were banned , they would just show up at the olympics `` on vacation . '', 
  mr. gorbachev , tear down this pay wall !, 
  well hello there . 
  none of us mind so long as your explanations do n't get too forceful . 
  well , there are some countries that are inherently better positioned to retain their sovereignty , whether its because of the difficulty another power would have subjugating it , its remoteness , or lack of geopolitical importance etc. 
  a country like suriname , which is small and weak , does n't really have to worry about its sovereignty because none of the big powers are really interested in it . 
  hungary , however , is positioned in an area of major geopolitical importance to a number of powers , such as the us , france , germany , uk , and russia . 
  protecting sovereignty is something that differs on a case by case basis . 
  the early 2000s , when the akp and eu were actually making credible efforts toward membership , seemed to be ok , at least relative to everything that has happened since . 
  this is just my perspective as an outsider , however . 
  your country has deliberately allied itself with some of the most powerful states on the planet . 
  this is what the small and weak states of the world do in order to protect their sovereignty and interests . 
  the best case scenario for these countries is that the alliance they enter into is n't one of convenience , but rather friendship and shared values . 
  most of the countries in the western world are fortunate enough to actually be friends . 
  this looks like it could be in vietnam . 
  if people like him continue to leave turkey , the country will only get worse . 
  turkey used to be held up as a model for a modern society in a muslim-majority country . 
  they should still strive to be that model . 
  turkey has so much potential to be a great and powerful country on the world stage . 
  it 's a shame to see that become a more distant possibility . 
  that is how democracies decay . 
  maybe erdogan will have an unexpected heart attack , because it does n't seem like turkey is going to go in the right direction as long as he is still around . 
  is 10 % the threshold to get into parliament ? 
  because that is unreasonably high . 
  estonia would probably become richer than the nordics purely from american tourists who would want to see the 51st state . 
  oh ok , so it 's actually ours . 
  whut, 
  he 's not wrong . 
  we are n't paying for your stupid firewall !, 
  conventional war = everything except nukes nuclear war = everything, 
  my old reddit account was deleted inside of the e-schwitz concentration camp . 
  just chiming in here to say that your country is broken too . 
  as is mine . 
  the only thing darker than my chocolate is my humor . 
  can you pay me in pre-2016 toblerones instead ? 
  i would like a marshall plan for my bank account . 
  no , but you have brexit , which was propelled by many of the same forces that got trump elected . 
   man , calm down . 
  i 'm sure he 's awful , but no stupid people wins an election . 
  are you serious ? 
   let 's be serious he wo n't push the button to fire atomic bombs . 
  he asked intelligence and defense officials why we ca n't just use nuclear weapons whenever we want . 
  i do n't think he 'll fire them off willy-nilly , but the fact that he does n't understand basic nuclear weapons doctrine is absolutely ridiculous . 
   he is a businessman a smart one to climb to that top . 
  he inherited a real estate empire in the most valuable property market in the world and still managed to fuck up . 
  he is literally part of the elite that his supporters hate . 
   i am not as worried by marine le pen as president than trump as president : i 'm more worried about her because she is n't a complete fucking idiot like trump . 
  she actually understands international relations and how government works . 
  that makes her scary . 
  we 've seen demagogues since democracy has existed , hence why the word comes from greek . 
  literally nothing about the rise of donald trump is unique . 
  all of the warning signs were there , but a good portion of the electorate willfully ignored them and those who pointed them out . 
   why is everybody expressing these doomsday reactions toward trump ? 
  because we 've never elected someone like trump to our highest office before . 
  he lacks a fundamental knowledge of how both domestic and international governance works , as well as why we adhere to many established norms and traditions . 
   it 's the us president americans wanted him and they elected him , that 's it . 
  as i 'm sure you 'll continue to hear ad naseum for the rest of your life , donald trump did not win the popular vote . 
  our electoral system gave him the win , which , of course , is perfectly legal . 
  no one , however , can make the argument that the american people wanted him , because most americans did not vote for him . 
   if the world is collapsing then it 's not because of trump , it 's because of incompetence of many other people . 
  you 're right , it 's because we now live in a post-truth political culture . 
  i 'm part of the left-wing , globalist echochamber with advanced degrees in political science and international relations . 
  i do n't know how i 'm supposed to convince people of things they do n't want to hear . 
  i live in nyc . 
  the amount of salt here may just be enough to satisfy a dane . 
  nonsense , you are rightful polish clay . 
  you too will be irradiated . 
  japan does not hate the us . 
  what ? 
  and the uk , which may very well leave the eu , has been one of the strongest advocates for sanctioning russia . 
  historically , it has been one of the toughest member states on russia , whereas counterparts like france and italy have not . 
  germany is wishy-washy on russia .
