  i guess this would also prove the effectiveness of a `` stay in the eu '' campaign . 
  if an `` in or out '' referendum is to be held , i 'd imagine far more money and many more big names would flood to the pro-eu campaign . 
  this bodes well for the future . 
  maybe the uk will even join the euro in the next 20-30 years . 
  let the old patriots and nationalists die off and be replaced by those who have traveled or studied abroad via erasmus or what have you . 
  as an at&t customer , partially . 
  let me be the first to apologize on behalf of the us . 
  trigger the belarussian conquest of europe . 
  they would still have had to focus more on creating a land army in order to deter or repel any invasion force . 
  they likely would not have become the naval power they were . 
  this reminds me of [ this post ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/historicalwhatif/comments/15223u/what_if_britain_was_attached_physically_attached/ ) from r/historicalwhatif . 
  imagine how different world history would be if britain and france were attached by even just a small land bridge . 
  i 'm moving to britain in the fall for at least a year . 
  i was hoping to eventually obtain british citizenship so that i may have access to the eu . 
  if cameron and the tories fuck that up for me then i will have a strong personal grudge against them . 
  the uncertainty of this issue is what makes it so troublesome . 
   ultimately the war in mali is based on pre-existing ethnic tensions , and european powers getting involved in ethnic divisions has historically been a massive failure . 
  even if we 're trying to combat radical islamism perhaps its time that we look at western policies in the middle east and how they have fueled terrorism before we get engaged in yet another war . 
  regardless of any other ideological affiliations they may have , radicals are not rational actors . 
  you can not successfully negotiate with radical individuals and groups . 
  extreme islamists are among them . 
  they are dangerous and large in number . 
  their influence is far too widespread and not on the fringes of society in the middle east and north africa . 
  i 'm no hawk , but the middle east and north africa have been problematic areas for hundreds of years prior to european imperialism . 
  that 's not to say that european powers did n't exacerbate some of the divisions among different ethnic and religious groups , but it gets a disproportionate part of the blame . 
  sometimes force is necessary to change the world . 
  i wish it did n't have to be , but fundamentalists and extremists have black and white views of the world and will not yield unless they are made to . 
  if the fighting continues to intensify and the african troops are ineffective , i wonder if france will increase its commitment or call on other eu nations to help . 
  increased defense cooperation has always been a french pet project . 
  hopefully this can be resolved peacefully , but i seriously doubt it will , given that these are extremists . 
  i saw it in some thread on krautchan . 
  2012 may have been a fluke , given the previous year 's 8.5 % growth rate . 
  turkey still has room to grow . 
  it will start to mature and its average growth rate will fall in line with that of a developed economy . 
  at that point , access to the single market will be necessary for economic revitalization . 
  she would support it as long as gay couples send their bank statements for her to review . 
  is anyone familiar with how icelanders view the eu now ? 
  are they more or less euroskeptic than they have been in recent years ? 
  once their economic growth slows they 'll be more eager to join . 
  the sun never sets on the purple empire ... it 's permanently at sunset . 
  any move to combat euroskepticism in britain is welcome . 
  i misinterpreted the title as people gathered in public areas to celebrate the euro . 
  if controversial is what you want , why not just put in a world map , with all former colonial possessions colored in , and label it europe . 
  and no end in sight . 
  this is getting insane . 
  speaking as american , a strong , unified eu is only an economic rival . 
  our peoples are too friendly and connected , our cultures too similar , and our history too intertwined for us to become something more than that . 
  the us really does want the uk in the eu because it helps us balance out what the us perceives to be the major potential threat to the global order : china . 
  the global order greatly benefits the us and eu . 
  china represents the first substantial threat to that since the soviet union . 
  the eu is seen as a very strong ally among the american public , even if we do have disagreements . 
  our government and people really do see europe as one of our best friends . 
  let 's also not forget that the us has always been the strongest third party supporter of further integration . 
  all i see here is a troll . 
   because when we had an empire that ruled over 1/4 of the worlds population we could only do that because we were in the eu ? 
  oh wait , that 's right , we were n't . 
  the british empire was built by conquering nations and peoples that could not come close to resisting it . 
  that time is long past . 
  it 's been nearly a century since the height of the british empire , and what 's left : the commonwealth , an incredibly loose association of countries that are not britain 's most important trading partners , whose visibility is derived mostly from a regularly scheduled sporting competition . 
  britain is the 22nd most populated country in the world . 
  it 's had its time in the sun . 
  other countries are catching up and surpassing it . 
  this is the new reality . 
  call me a communist , but i think that when individual wealth can be counted in tens of billions , it 's crossed a certain threshold into the obscene . 
  yes . 
  britain 's days as a great power are numbered . 
  the eu will be a great power or superpower with or without britain . 
  the british penchant for free trade and enlargement have made the eu what it is today . 
  the british economy and people benefit directly from being in the eu . 
  the eu 's new purpose is unification , and without britain , it will never be whole . 
  europe is far stronger together , and though britain would n't be in a terrible spot if they left the eu , it would eventually find itself completely irrelevant in global and even regional economic and political affairs . 
  the only `` good '' reason for leaving the eu is self-determination , which is ultimately no more than an outgrowth of nationalism . 
  yes , brussels will make laws that britain must implement , even if the people disagree with it , but that 's how a democratic eu will work . 
  rather than giving up and leaving the eu , britain should stay in and commit itself to reforming the negative and neglected aspects of the eu . 
  britain brings tremendous foreign and defense policy potential to the eu that is rivaled only by france . 
  there is not a single good reason in this day and age for britain to leave the eu . 
  their place is in it , and if they do leave , it will only be a matter of time before they rejoin it . 
  at that point , they will have squandered their reputation and become less powerful in their own continent . 
  and yet japan has its own problems with massive debt and negligible growth . 
  perhaps this is all cover for reviving the franco-russian alliance . 
  an interesting read . 
  i 've always thought this subreddit as a model for others : mostly discussion about news , culture et cetera rather than pun threads and image captions . 
  then we have the occasional thread that is either directly or tangentially related to islam , and everything changes . 
  there are certainly racists within this community , as in every community , but there is also a valid concern about islam in modern european society that must be allowed to be discussed openly without devolving into insulting one another . 
  i wo n't claim to be an expert on islam , christianity , or religion in general , but it seems to me it is more likely for muslims rather than christians to believe in stricter interpretations of their religion . 
  as such , one may become less willing to assimilate to a different culture , and may see those who are not of the same belief system , or unfamiliar with their beliefs as hostile . 
  being a devout muslim in a european country is probably very difficult , given the fact that society is secular , and the majority of people are atheists , agnostics , christians , or unaffiliated . 
  christianity was , at one point , very much like what islam appears to be today . 
  the difference is that europe entered a new era , facilitated by the renaissance , the scientific revolution , the enlightenment , the industrial revolution , and two world wars . 
  the most common form of christianity that exists today is compatible with european and western society because it was gradually subdued over the past two thousand years . 
  there are many muslims that successfully integrate and assimilate into the cultures of the countries they move to , but there are many that do not . 
  that is something to be worried about because it threatens to dilute cultures and damage social and political nuances that have been built up over thousands of years . 
  many posters here often talk about how further european integration represents a similar threat . 
  this is also a valid point , and only goes to show that islam is n't the scapegoat many people see it as . 
  this article is a month old . 
  the fiscal cliff has been dealt with . 
  this article is completely irrelevant now . 
   english news source posted to a website with an overwhelming majority of english speakers . 
  i find it confusing as well . 
  forgive my ignorance , but i do n't really understand the rationale behind replacing the monarchy with a republic .
