  i am for a federal europe . 
  even with a strong central government , britain , france , estonia et cetera are not going away . 
  i feel as though a lot of euroskeptics seem to miss this . 
  probably nothing . 
  it would be america 's and south korea 's fight . 
  they 've been preparing for this for decades , and the us would jump at the chance to put an end to the north . 
  i suspect that some nato members/american allies may involve themselves of their own accord via a un resolution ( probably the uk ) , but the heavy lifting would n't be done by europe . 
  expect us . 
  you 're mistaking the european council and the council of the european union ( council of ministers ) . 
  this is entirely understandable because the people who named them are retarded . 
  the european council is the body made up of the 27 heads of government . 
  yes , they are representatives of the people , but most of them are directly elected by a small constituency in their country , rather than being directly elected by their entire electorate . 
  the european council has in the past decade or so sidelined the commission by delving into very specific policy detail and expecting the commission to follow through with it . 
  the european council meet in secret , the reason being that it is thought to make it more likely for leaders to concede on certain issues . 
  if they were public , it would remain a game of political posturing in order to score approval and popularity in their own country . 
  the council of the european union is the meetings of the relevant government ministers from each country . 
  for example , there is a council for economics and finance ( ecofin ) that is composed of the finance minister from each country . 
  the council of the european union is essentially the upper house , in that they have codecision with the parliament . 
  it is not a directly elected body . 
  the democratic deficit is often misunderstood . 
  people hear it and they assume it means the eu is undemocratic . 
  this is not the case , since the main eu institutions are linked to the democratic process in some manner . 
  the problem is that they are too far removed from the electorate , thus leaving room for improvement . 
  for example , the prime minister of the united kingdom is directly elected by only his constituency , but he is considered a democratically elected leader of the country . 
  he is , through the european council , a major european leader as well , whose ideas and policies can impact the entire eu . 
  it is not unreasonable to say that he is too far removed from the people in this role , since he is not directly elected by his country 's electorate , let alone the european people . 
  make the president of the commission and the college of commissioners selected and elected by the parliament . 
  dissolve the european council . 
  make the council of ministers an elected body . 
  give the parliament and council of ministers the power to introduce legislation . 
  that would give nigel farage a heart attack . 
  the eu is a threat to freedom !, 
  time to nuke brussels . 
  the democratic deficit has spread to r/europe . 
  maybe we can . 
  with colonies and inca gold !, 
  1 ) i do n't care . 
  what 's our fiscal outlook for q2 ? 
  rip italy . 
  we shall fight on the beaches !, 
  but i thought old people go to switzerland to kill themselves , not browse the internet . 
  i agree that a split in the tories is probably needed . 
  it 's too difficult to operate a party when it is so visibly split on one of the most important issues of the day . 
  it would be strange to see a post-split tory party campaigning for voting reform after the notoav campaign ( though av is n't that great anyway ) . 
  how common is it for young people from the higher income countries to move to relocate to other higher income countries ? 
  in america evading taxes is indicative of a superior work ethic and patriotism . 
  the primary motivation being that there is almost no distinction between china 's space agency and the pla . 
  there 's a reason why china is n't part of the iss . 
  brussels , it seems . 
  this is good news , since taco bell 's meat did n't contain enough meat to be called meat . 
  expect american pressure . 
  there 's nothing it fears more than china getting its hands on advanced technology . 
   the only problem i can imagine is the lingual barrier , which would have to be solved in having one official language for the army , or by using live translator-devices like google glass or similiar , but i doubt the practicality of having to wear one of those in all combat situations . 
  there are several ways i see this being addressed . 
  use english , french , and german as the working languages of the armed forces , similar to how eu institutions run now . 
  have sub-units based on language that report to higher authorities in a common language ( english , most likely . ), 
  use english . 
  the third option is best and probably most likely , since an armed forces fractured by language barriers will not be as effective as one with a common language . 
  i 'm all for it . 
  it would more likely save money by eliminating redundancies among current armed forces . 
  pooling together the resources would also make the eu a major military power . 
  [ the eu currently has its own battlegroups as well . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eu_battlegroup ) if it does happen , and i 'm fairly confident it will , it wo n't be for several decades , since defense policy is likely the last vestige of sovereignty a country is willing to give up . 
  horse tears . 
  someone once told me that italy perfected coffee , but france perfected drinking it . 
  it 's only a provisional deal . 
  i suspect more details will be released in time that may shed some light on these questions . 
  is anyone familiar with different taxation laws in various eu countries regarding fixed salaries and bonuses ? 
  good . 
  moving money around is not some amazing talent deserving of exorbitant pay , praise , and glorification . 
  i find it surprising that a new secretary of state is n't visiting brussels when in europe , particularly given the eu-us trade deal and cooperation on syria and iran . 
  because i like the eu and its flag . 
   are you one of those paid euidf trolls ? 
  no , but i could use the money . 
  i 'm american . 
  perhaps i 'm just confident that every country would retain their membership through a referendum ? 
  hell , i do n't even think the uk will actually leave . 
  the argument in favor of the eu is far stronger than the argument against it . 
  and no , there 's a difference here . 
  a referendum on the eu membership and a referendum on euro membership are two entirely different things . 
  if greece , for example , wanted to leave the european union , fine on them . 
  if they wanted to leave the euro but retain eu membership , then i 'd have a problem , because they 'd be endangering the currency for the members who are committed to it . 
  i think that every member of the eu should eventually adopt the euro . 
  i do n't think that every european country should have to join the eu . 
  i would welcome a referendum on eu membership in any country that desires it , but a referendum on whether or not to use a currency gets into a more detailed issue that is n't suiting to direct democracy . 
  where the line is drawn between what deserves a plebiscite and what does n't can be ambiguous , but calling me an authoritarian does n't make it any more clear . 
  just because having referendums are democratic and democracy is `` good '' does n't make it an effective means of governance . 
  the line has to be drawn somewhere . 
  that is where this debate becomes relevant . 
  my language was imprecise . 
  i was n't referring to the lack of a mechanism by which a country could leave the eu , but more the lack of political will in member states to endanger and undermine european integration by leaving the euro . 
  it really is n't as dire as american and british media make it seem . 
  the situation in greece and spain is awful , yes , but the majority of people are still far better off than they were 30 years ago . 
  the eu is far , far more than just a single currency . 
  the euro is simply the most visible manifestation of the eu in everyday life . 
  further political integration would have occurred even without the euro . 
  europeans are finally now realizing the clout the eu has on the world stage . 
  even 10 years ago , the eu was far more insignificant in international affairs . 
  the euro has helped expedite integration in certain areas , but they were bound to occur at some point . 
  a single currency goes hand in hand with a single market .
