  we expect the brits to always be there and support us , largely without question . 
  it is not a relationship built on parity by any means . 
  the suez crisis firmly established the dominance of american foreign policy over british foreign policy . 
  ode to joy is the perfect choice for the eu . 
  apologies for bringing the up the us , but i 've always thought that [ battle hymn of the republic ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvsncllehd0 ) would be a better anthem than the star spangled banner . 
  it is strange that in a discussion of a serious presidential candidate , we are considering demagoguery and insincerity as better characteristics than some alternatives . 
  i am ashamed at what has become of the american political spectrum . 
  please keep him . 
  there will almost certainly be a referendum on british membership in the eu sometime this decade . 
  i 'm holding out hope that cameron is smart enough to hold it as late as possible , in the hopes that the widespread euroskepticism that has resulted from the euro 's problems dissipates as europe returns to growth . 
  whether or not cameron is privately opposed to british membership in the eu does not matter to me . 
  i know he understands the benefits of membership , and his actions as pm have kept the tory euroskeptics in check so far . 
  there is a possibility that cameron goes down as the man who saw scotland leave britain , and britain leave europe . 
  i 'm not sure if that 's a legacy he wants . 
  fostering a strong , common european identity is without a doubt the most difficult aspect of integration . 
  the commission plays a crucial role in creating it , and it is incredibly important for the people to hear what mr. barroso has said . 
  europe is more than a collection of countries now . 
  it is a quasi-state that either succeeds or fails together . 
  if the uk ever leaves the eu , it will be to it what canada is to the us . 
  if the british people are okay with being a negligible country in world affairs , then i would support a decision to leave the eu . 
  however , given the position of britain in global affairs over the past several decades , i do not think this is the case . 
  personally , i would rather have the uk in the eu , as both benefit each other , but the decision should ultimately lie with the british people . 
   eurobonds do n't solve any of the current problems that the member states have . 
  eurobonds solve the problem of italy and spain having to pay 7 % yields on bonds , albeit we do n't know for how long . 
  this is going to be a big help for the troubled countries . 
  being able to borrow at a much lower rate will make this crisis far more manageable . 
  can you bring california too ? 
  first off , there 's no way i would model a federal european state after the united states . 
  given europe 's penchant for parliamentary government , it would be strange . 
  second , there 's the problem of whether or not the executive should be a president or a prime minister . 
  having a president means he can be directly elected by the european people , which would help create a stronger european identity . 
  a prime minister is a more natural fit for europe because of its strong identification with parliamentary government , but prime ministers are n't directly elected . 
  as an american , i think i should also clear a few things up . 
  the are really only two main problems with the american system of government . 
  these two problems , however , create the vast majority of problems with the us today . 
  the first problem is that we have a two party system that came about largely because of the way institutions were structured ( the house and the senate more so ) and the electoral system of first-past-the-post . 
  as such , the two-party system became institutionalized , and has become a mainstay of american political culture . 
  even if we were to fix the institutional problems , it would take a generation or two for our political culture to adapt to the existence of multiple parties . 
  i would n't worry about this issue for a federal europe , given that nearly every country in the eu has a multi-party system . 
  the second problem is that our upper house is extremely powerful . 
  the bundesrat is among the most powerful upper houses in europe , and even it is weak relative to our senate . 
  each individual senator wields tremendous power both because of their actual position and because of their high profile/reputation . 
  as a californian , the senate has always bothered me . 
  i 've never liked the fact that the senator from wyoming , a state with 400,000 people , has an equal vote as the senator from california , a state with 38 million people . 
  the bundesrat distributes seats more proportionally , with the largest states getting 6 seats , and the smallest 3 . 
  this is a better model for europe . 
  european institutions have and do use weighted voting in many cases too . 
  the prospect of an upper house as powerful as the american senate is not very likely , but it is something to consciously avoid . 
  tl ; dr - biggest problems with the us are a two-party system and a very powerful senate . 
  many other aspects of american government are worth emulating . 
  finkle * is * einhorn . 
  you 'd be hard-pressed to find a more ardent federalist than myself . 
  however , now is not the time for an extensive political union . 
  that would be the biggest leap in integration in this nearly 7 decade long process . 
  it has to be kept for a time when people are less euroskeptic : when the economy is growing , when people feel good about themselves , their neighbors , their countries , and their continent . 
  now is the time to establish a fledgling form of fiscal and political cooperation that will become the framework for union . 
   i previously admitted to knowing who jordan was in r/europe hah , i remember that thread . 
  all the brits were surprised that non-brits were familiar with her . 
  they do n't do a very good job of keeping secrets methinks . 
  http://i.imgur.com/nfgoq.jpg i think this is it . 
  any major leap of integration will usually be conducted in prosperous times , when people are less euroskeptic . 
  the eurocrisis is forcing some leaps out of necessity , but not enough to really solve the problem , lest they endanger the survival of the eu and euro . 
  the new york times is probably the only good american news source . 
  even then , it 's degraded in the past few years . 
  works for the us and japan too . 
  maybe they can both join the eu too ? 
  merklusconi . 
  it sounds like some kind of diarrhea-filled pastry . 
  i guess i can add that bull statue to the list of things america did better than europe . 
  any federal eu , at least in its early years , will not resemble the united states . 
  in america , states have very little power relative to the federal government , and there are very , very few issues on which they work with one another , because the federal government supersedes the states in many regards . 
  a federal eu will have powerful states and a weaker federal government , though this will most likely reverse in time , as it did in the us . 
  it is n't my decision to make . 
  if the scots want to be independent , i 'm all for it . 
  i am interested in the political consequences of an independent scotland though . 
  would they have to reapply to the eu ? 
  would they join the eurozone or schengen area ? 
  additionally , without scotland in the uk , labour loses a huge base of support , marking a massive shift british politics . 
  what i am trying to say is that there is little cooperation among states in the us because states do n't have that kind of history . 
  they have been political subdivisions for most of their history , populated by the same people who populated the other states . 
  this is unlike europe . 
  i 'm trying to emphasize that any federal eu will have many elements of intergovernmentalism , which does n't really exist in the us . 
  perhaps i 've worded this poorly . 
  which means that most people around the world are essentially the same . 
  i think america has you beat on that by an enormous margin . 
  this is true in all likelihood . 
  though i think it is worth mentioning that europe 's history produces the possibility of greater state cooperation than in federations such as the us , where state culture is generally much more similar and less significant in daily life . 
   but this assumes that we first have to trick people into having a superstate by some forceful measure , before we decide to tell them that now they of course would want democracy . 
  this is not correct . 
  i am an ardent federalist , a conclusion i have come to of my own volition . 
  there are millions of europeans who feel the same way . 
  of course , part of european integration has been facilitated by political leaders artificially putting forth a pan-european identity . 
  this is a necessity for a federal state to function . 
  the eu is a confederation . 
  confederations , as decentralized as they are , still need a semblance of unity to operate , lest they risk collapse . 
  this unity is a result of decades of integration , fostered by europeans from all walks of life . 
   that 's a ponzy scheme , really . 
  how can there be democracy if people did n't want to give up sovereignity in the first place ? 
  who 's gon na vote ? 
  who 's gon na be positively passionate about something they want to tear down asap ?
