  these four countries are all friends and allies , and have together built a world order that disproportionately favors themselves and states that emulate their preferred societal model . 
  furthermore , the uk would be one of our poorest states per capita and would likely not be a net contributor to our budget ( lol ) . 
  you would be more of a liability than an asset as a state . 
  absolutely ridiculous . 
  i wanted the eu to remain committed to the transatlantic relationship , because even though trump seems less sold on nato and the eu , the majority of this country did not vote for him . 
  he has no mandate and is already deeply unpopular . 
  we 've built the liberal international order together for decades . 
  we should n't throw it away over one man . 
  stand up to us on things that matter , but driving a wedge between us , particularly on security issues , is exactly what russia and china want . 
  britain was always the odd man out . 
  the rest of europe is n't like you . 
  china and the eu are not natural allies like the us and eu are . 
  i know there 's a lot of hatred for trump within europe , but please keep in mind that most of our own country hates him too . 
  do n't throw away a 70 + year old alliance because of an anomaly . 
  from the uk , yes , i agree . 
  they 're more exposed to the eu than americans are , even if their understanding of it is poor or distorted . 
  americans do n't know anything about the eu beyond the fact that it 's a club of european countries with a common currency and flag and they all buy each other 's stuff . 
  the most common grievance americans have for europe is that we shoulder a disproportionate share of the defense burden . 
   no , that is not the same thing . 
  okay , but i said wwi would look more like wwii , not that it would be identical . 
   russia had a civil war that lasted for years after peace was signed , they were in no condition to fight . 
  we 're talking about an alternate universe where italy sides with the central powers . 
  how that affects the entire chain of events that lead up to the bolshevik revolution is entirely unknowable . 
   but russia lost in the east even without italy . 
  yes , and they nearly lost in wwii as well , even without the added destabilizing factor of an armed domestic revolution . 
  russia was nearly conquered in the second world war , whereas they signed a peace treaty in the first . 
  since we 're playing with counterfactuals here , maybe russia reenters the war after the bolsheviks take power , if at all . 
   also , france would then have a south-eastern front to fight as well . 
  yes , i mentioned this . 
   do you think italy joining the war with germany and austria would have changed the outcome of the war ? 
  it 's hard to say . 
  italy would have had more of a short-term rather than long-term impact . 
  the longer the war dragged on , the greater the advantage for the allies . 
  france and britain each had a major advantage over the central powers , their vast empires . 
  they had greater manpower and resources with which to fuel their war machines . 
  further , their naval superiority and geographic position made it safer for them to secure resources and oceanic supply lines . 
  if i recall correctly , allied industrial output began to overtake german industrial output even before the united states entered the war . 
  most historians agree that the allies would have won the war without american intervention anyway , though it would have taken longer . 
  by the end of the war , the allies had more or less perfected the art of warfare in the age of the plane and tank . 
  the later battles of the war are remarkably similar to those fought in the second world war , with opening artillery barrages followed by a column of tanks and then soldiers . 
  the germans did not field nearly as many tanks as the allies , nor were they as technologically capable . 
  what italy brings in the short-term is a threat to france 's southern flank , which would likely force a more precarious distribution of allied troops . 
  i can imagine france starting to break earlier under the added stress , but it 's hard to say definitively . 
  further , would this accelerate american intervention ? 
  ultimately , even with italy , the only way the central powers could have won was by winning quickly . 
  that 's probably more likely with italy , but their fundamental strategy would n't change . 
  if italy had sided with the central powers , wwi would probably have looked more similar to wwii . 
  it 's hilarious how right-wing subreddits like the_deluded will upvote the shit out of a minority trump supporter and hold them up as an example . 
  they do n't seem to realize how patronizing and paternalistic this is to the group they 're trying to court , and how they 're using that specific person as a prop . 
  `` hey , we have a black supporter !, 
  other black people , you should listen to this guy because you do n't know better and we ca n't win your support through substance ! '', 
  the same factors were at play , such as anti-immigration sentiment , islamophobia , anti-intellectualism , disdain for elites , perceived corruption and lack of democratic accountability , etc. 
  the fact that brexit and trump were successful within months of each other is a testament to the cultural proximity of britain and the us . 
  unlike brexit , however , i do take some slight solace in the fact that trump only won with 46 % of the vote . 
  i ca n't imagine how much worse brexit would be if a similar electoral system propelled it to victory without a simple majority . 
  spoken like a true romanian . 
  another very good point . 
  to expand on that , every single one of those countries has generated the majority of its wealth by exporting either natural resources or cheap manufactured products to western countries ( the export-oriented growth model ) , or , in the case of singapore , exploiting the fact that a city-state can specialize in a few economic areas such as finance and facilitating trade among bigger , more diversified , economies . 
   there is no such thing as a ` moral leader ' , it accounts for nothing . 
  i disagree . 
  the west prides itself on a collection of ideals that include a reverence for democracy , civil liberties , justice , and equality . 
  the us , more than any other western nation , continuously espoused these ideals in the face of rising tides of fascism and communism . 
   leaders have to be extremely cautious when dealing with a madman that is trump . 
  why the deference from western europe ? 
  stand up for yourselves . 
  you are our allies , not our subjects . 
  ignoring a bully only reinforces their behavior . 
  mccain rolled over while trump , a draft dodger , attacked him for being a prisoner of war during the vietnam war . 
  mccain also said he 'd vote to confirm tillerson for state , despite his decades-long apprehension of russia and the fact that he fed the infamous dossier to fbi director comey back in december . 
  the john mccain that was characterized as a maverick by both sides of the aisle has been dead since his 2008 presidential run . 
  for fuck 's sake , he did n't even stand up for himself . 
  why would he stand up for the american people ? 
  trump 's executive order on tpp was purely symbolic . 
  tpp was never ratified by the senate . 
  he could , of course , do a complete 180 and decide he wants to push tpp through , but opposition to ftas was part of his populist appeal , particularly among the three rust belt states he flipped . 
  he has , interestingly , indicated a willingness to pursue bilateral ftas , presumably because america has more muscle in bilateral agreements rather than multilateral ones . 
  i 'm 99 % sure that tpp is dead for good . 
  on domestic policy , the president really is n't too powerful . 
  that has largely been the domain of congress . 
  the problem is that both chambers of congress are now controlled by a party that has shown no indication of having a spine . 
  the president is most powerful on foreign and defense policy . 
  this is where a lot of the nervousness about trump 's policy pronouncements comes from , particularly from myself . 
  the president can issue executive orders , which have the full force of law , but their authority is derived from laws passed by congress that delegate power to the president . 
  i believe there are a few narrow exceptions to this rule , but i 'm not a constitutional scholar , so i ca n't expand on it . 
  executive orders , like laws , are also subject to judicial review , and can be slapped down by the courts . 
  since the constitution took effect , the congress has gradually delegated more and more power to the president . 
  congress has the ability to rein in the presidency 's power through the use of executive orders , but they 've been perfectly content to let the president make unpopular decisions because it takes the heat off of them . 
  i sincerely hope that merkel calls trump out on his bullshit . 
  there are very few people on the planet who can play at the same level as the president of the united states . 
  there are only a few in this country , the foremost among them being former presidents , but historically they do not openly criticize their successors . 
  obama has signaled he may break with this tradition . 
  everyone else in america ca n't dominate the news cycle the way the president can . 
  chuck schumer and bernie sanders do n't have the megaphone that trump does . 
  the media is too fragmented . 
  senior gop leaders are too cowardly to stand up to trump . 
  theresa may has already indicated a deference to trump 's on nato , and is attempting to get any sort of trade deal with the us given her country 's uncertain economic future . 
  francois hollande 's recent criticism rings hollow because he 's leaving office . 
  shinzo abe was the first foreign leader to meet with trump after the election , and declared that they could work together . 
  trump 's executive order on tpp have killed abe 's hope that he could get trump to sign on to tpp . 
  none of our most capable allies are standing up to us , despite them all being worried about trump .
