  the last five years do n't give you an accurate picture of the benefits of the eu , since it 's been around in some form since the 1950s . 
  it would be like looking at 1929-1934 america and declaring the united states was a failed experiment . 
  the reason being because as countries have become more powerful , appeasing them has worse consequences . 
  appeasing nazi germany did n't stop its territorial expansion . 
  it only delayed the bloodiest war in history by a year . 
  appeasing modern russia , which is far more powerful than nazi germany ever was , could be even worse . 
  far-right economics is corporatism . 
  the us is far from a corporatist state . 
  the us is slightly more right than center-right parties in europe on economics . 
  far-left and far-right economic models ( communism and corporatism ) both require a great deal of state power and were hence authoritarian . 
  this is why nazi germany , fascist italy , and the soviet union were all shades of totalitarian societies . 
  do you think appeasement was invented in 1938 ? 
  hungary ** big ** . 
  you really need to open a history book . 
  whatever you say , chamberlain . 
  ah yes , destabilize the entire international order that has contributed to the longest peace among the great powers in history . 
  [ wow , look at that . 
  each country has performed better than the other two at certain times over the past sixty years . 
  ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ny.gdp.mktp.kd.zg?end=2015&amp;locations=fr-de-gb&amp;start=1961&amp;view=chart ), 
  [ this post can only be viewed by people who value experts ' opinions ], 
  japan has also had two decades of no growth . 
  are the eu and euro to blame for that as well ? 
  italy 's economy has been mismanaged at the national level , not at the european level . 
  in the 1960s , the italian economy was growing at a faster clip than the british economy , and was one of the arguments made in favor of the uk joining the eec . 
  the eu was instrumental in bringing greece , spain , and portugal up to western standards , when they had all been largely agrarian and underdeveloped economies upon their accession . 
  the same is happening with the former communist countries as well . 
  is the eu perfect ? 
  has it facilitated economic growth among all member states over the past sixty years ? 
  yes . 
  your own government hamstrung its own economy after the 2008-2009 financial crisis with austerity measures independent of eu policy . 
  get off your high horse . 
  what a large sample size . 
  is that why far-left and far-right governments both tend to be totalitarian or authoritarian in nature ? 
  \\  mexico \\  important, 
  the number of athletes from the same country in each sport is limited . 
  and you hosted 2012 . 
  the host nation always gets a significant bump . 
  yes , this .3 % quarterly increase will surely make up for the past seven years . 
  lego pieces blocking the airway . 
  big fish small pond . 
  good morning comrade . 
  nobody wants russian troops in their backyard either . 
  if the us does n't defend a single nato member against foreign invasion , every single one of our defense agreements , which are usually the linchpins of regional security , will go belly up . 
  regional arms races would ensue due to the fear that the us wo n't protect anyone , leading to high tension and instability not unlike before the world wars . 
  furthermore , nato is britain and france in 1938 . 
  it is n't weak enough to have to appease foreign powers . 
  we are the strongest military alliance the world has ever known by an immense margin . 
  russia would not escalate to a nuclear war just because it gets out muscled in a small eastern european country . 
  wow , that 's remarkable . 
  one of the few silver linings in the entire situation . 
  it does matter , because leaving the eu may very well lead to further major constitutional issues , like scottish independence . 
   besides , despite all your power , you still have not been able to achieve your objectives in syria . 
  assad , who was supposed to be gone long ago , is still more or less comfortably ruling in damascus . 
  if you think that a limited air campaign against isis is a demonstration of `` all our power , '' you are misinformed . 
  go look up some pictures of american fleet and air formations in the pacific in 1945 . 
  remember that this was just one front that we were fighting on . 
  remember that both of these fronts were thousands of miles away from our mainland , but in everyone else 's backyard . 
  this was the last time we were involved in total war . 
  we are even bigger , richer , and more technologically advanced relative to the other great powers now than we were then . 
  we are fortunate to live in a world where we do n't have to use our full power . 
  the great powers were far closer to each other in strength during the world wars than any of them are to the us at present . 
  now toss in the fact that almost all of europe are american allies . 
  there is a reason why the term superpower was first coined after wwii . 
  russia 's naval capabilities are an absolute joke compared to nato 's . 
  in the event of an actual war between a nato sans turkey and russia , chances are all gloves are off and nato may take the dardenelles and bosphorus by force . 
  that is probably not even necessary , as any surface fleet would be decimated by nato 's air power anyway . 
  it 's important because if a major constitutional issue was decided by a group of ignorant people , then it should have never been put to the vote in the first place . 
  people do n't always know what is in their best interests . 
  beliefs like that allowed states like fascist italy and nazi germany to emerge . 
  russia literally annexed another country 's territory two years ago and has created frozen conflicts over the past two decades in eastern europe and the caucasus . 
  russia 's foreign policy in its neighborhood is still very much a 19th century mindset . 
  it seeks to dominate or cripple them to maximize its regional and global influence . 
  meanwhile , the us has ensured turkish security for more than fifty years , alongside every other nato member . 
  the us has also been the biggest advocate for turkish membership in the eu . 
  our government condemned the coup while it was still in progress and called for a restoration of democracy . 
  how exactly it can be spun that we are somehow a threat to turkey is beyond me . 
  because what else are you supposed to do when people do n't listen to reason ? 
  the vast majority of voters had no idea what the eu actually is or does , and yet they all have incredibly strong opinions on it . 
  the afghan government is also an american high school science project . 
  what a weird year this has been . 
  nato can defend itself against russia without turkey . 
  turkey can not defend itself against russia without nato . 
  and armenia . 
  they 're dependent on russia for security against azerbaijan , only for russia to cozy up with turkey . 
  what an awkward situation for them to be in . 
  erdogan 's turkey is more of a tyranny of the majority than a democracy . 
  except that by learning english you can consume cultural material at its source . 
  why bother learning german just to keep watching subtitled american films ? 
  i know a lot of europeans , particularly on internet boards , say that they learned english mostly through the internet , via video games , forums etc. 
  just by having an internet connection you are going to be more exposed to english than german every step of the way . 
  is that supposed to be surprising ? 
  french and english are so much closer to each other linguistically than they are to any asian language . 
  i think most native english speakers who do n't speak a second language have encountered someone who acted condescendingly towards them for not speaking a second language . 
  i think its more to due to the fact that you can consume a lot more cultural products in english than german . 
  not even going to bother . 
   most of western europe already wants out of this ` partnership ' , eastern europe thinks the us will protect it from russia . 
  let 's be real , we both know it wo n't . 
  i feel like you spend too much time in anti-american echochambers if you think either of these points are true . 
   this is only due to the us 's current dominance . 
  in europe we know all about the fact that history is something that is not quickly forgotten .
