  there was a tension between austria-hungary and prussia over leadership over the german confederation . 
  germany eventually unified under prussian leadership , and the austro-hungarian empire began to decline in power , due to a smaller and less industrialized population relative to germany , britain , and france . 
  the habsburgs were the monarchs and among the most influential in europe . 
  austria-hungary was one of four empires to cease to exist at the end of wwi , a war which was initiated as a result of the assassination of austria 's archduke franz ferdinand in sarajevo . 
  a few years after taking power in germany , hitler annexed austria as part of greater germany . 
  after germany was defeated in wwii , austria was occupied and split into several occupation zones as well , until it was eventually reunited around 1955 under the condition that it remain a neutral country in the burgeoning cold war . 
  it is from here that austria 's tradition of neutrality arose , though many disregard austrian neutrality since it has been a member state of the eu since 1995 , which itself is a power bloc ( the same is said for the other `` neutral '' eu countries , which i believe are ireland , sweden , and finland . ), 
  austria is a member of the eurozone , has a population of around 8 or 9 million , and vienna is its capital and largest city . 
  they speak german and not austrian , despite being an older country . 
  i do n't know why that is . 
  it 's safer for an american whistle-blower in the sense that china is america 's biggest current geopolitical rival . 
  they have the strength and reason to tell the us to fuck off . 
  plus , extradition laws between the us and hong kong are subject to individual review by each side , and even then , the government in beijing can veto hong kong 's decision if it thinks it harms its national interests . 
  all this says is that europe is too close to the united states to be a safe place for someone who did what he did . 
  germany 's president has no real power . 
  what one-size fits all model ? 
  the eu has existed as a multi-speed model for the better part of two decades now . 
  it 's not going away any time soon . 
  it 's possible that a trade war could bring some manufacturing back to europe , at a time when some countries could use it . 
  france and italy were the main countries pushing for increased tariffs on chinese solar panels , whereas germany and britain were fairly reluctant to . 
  does n't germany have a large domestic solar panel industry that suffers as a result of chinese dumping ? 
  european senate european council assembly of europe, 
  [ it was a reference to this . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vsqrkzcytqg ), 
  largest city : istanbul , not constantinople . 
  capital : ankara population : around 70 million . 
  turkey is the successor state to the ottoman empire , and mustafa kemal ataturk is considered the father of the country and its secular tradition ( along with the young turks i believe ) . 
  turkey refuses to recognize the armenian genocide , and has prevented normal diplomatic relations for the two countries . 
  greece and turkey have had cool relations over the past few decades , though they have started to warm in recent years . 
  turkey is a nato member , and nearly went to war with greece , a fellow nato member , several times since the 1950s i believe . 
  the us had old jupiter missiles stationed in turkey that were secretly removed in a deal made with the soviet union to resolve the cuban missile crisis . 
  turkey has been an associate member of the eu and its predecessors since the 1960s . 
  has been trying to become a full member since 1989 or so . 
  it was accepted as an official candidate in 2005 , though talks have stalled in recent years . 
  some of the problems with turkey 's candidacy include the occupation of northern cyprus , weak protection of fundamental political rights , streaks of authoritarianism , its large agricultural sector ( which would strain cap even further ) , and its large population , which is expected to exceed germany 's within ten years or so . 
  turkey 's population is young relative to most eu member states . 
  the recent protests could define turkey for the foreseeable future , depending on how they are resolved . 
  turkey is also considered by some to be the mexico of europe , due to large turkish minorities in certain eu member states , as well as being a cheap travel destination for european tourists . 
  i remember their ordering because it 's alphabetical top to bottom . 
  britain joined the eec in 1973 . 
  they joined a club with rules . 
  if it does n't like those rules , it 's free to try and change them or leave the club . 
  when a member of the club breaks a rule , you need to get them back in line . 
  do n't act like the commission is singling britain out . 
  they 're right now bringing legal action against spain over their hospitals ' refusal of european health insurance cards . 
  the eu has had to punish damn near every member state . 
  britain is n't special . 
  it 's not the largest country , it 's not the richest country , it 's not the most powerful country , and it certainly is n't the country that provides the most money to the eu budget . 
  the eu exists partly to make life more convenient for all its citizens , not just the british . 
  a referendum on british membership will eventually come , when you and the rest of your countrymen will be free to make their voices heard on europe . 
  this issue has gotten very , very tiresome . 
  [ i prefer store brand . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xeknjqxyodo ), 
  it does n't . 
  if the majority are unpaid internships it seems more possible . 
  many americans died to uphold the freedom to choose which sugary cereal to eat based on whose mascot appears happiest . 
  `` how are you ? '', 
  is a greeting more than an actual question . 
  what exactly would be wrong with admitting turkey once it has adopted all european law and the cypriot issue has been resolved ? 
  yes . 
  a turkey that meets all the criteria for membership is good for itself , europe , and the muslim world . 
  i 've heard people compare san francisco to lisbon , barcelona , and bologna , but i 've never been to those three cities . 
  something tells me they did n't factor in prevalence of dangerous wildlife . 
  they want a flat tax , lower corporate taxes , abolition of inheritance tax , and privatized health insurance . 
  they 're nationalist , largely anti-immigrant , and oppose gay marriage . 
  they sound like republicans , which would be considered a far right party in europe . 
  the only reason they are relevant is because of rising euroskepticism . 
  i suspect that many , if not most , ukip voters are single-issue voters that hate the eu . 
  perhaps western powers are trying to keep it a stalemate as long as possible , seeing as both sides are pretty awful . 
  this is pretty interesting stuff . 
  thanks for compiling all the info . 
  it 's current eu policy to create esa as an eu institution . 
  i 'm american , but my mother 's side of the family is all armenian . 
  mostly from iran and armenia . 
  they 've always viewed armenia at the crossroads of europe and the middle east . 
  the whole caucasus region is sort of ambiguous . 
  bosnia can into space . 
  learning from the television is also america 's national sport . 
  leave it to the germans to turn monkey business profitable . 
  reading news headlines about golden dawn is like a crazy reality show . 
  [ obligatory norway is best way . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uih4bftelme ) goddamn scandinavians are so perfect at everything that they win these song contests too . 
  split it evenly among exploratory missions to europa , enceladus , and titan . 
  well , the eu has more of a claim to the name than anything else in europe , since the vast majority of europeans live in the eu . 
  the us has less of a claim to the name america , since only about three in ten people in the americas live there . 
  he tolerated it to a degree because he saw integration as a way to increase french power and prestige in the postwar era . 
  oddly enough , it was his patriotism that allowed for robust integration efforts to proceed . 
  i think people refer to the eu as europe in the same way that people refer to the us as america . 
  paris 2 . 
  london 3 . 
  rome 4 . 
  prague, 
  it 's one of the premier higher institutions for postgraduate european studies . 
  it acts as sort of a funnel for many of its students into european institutions ( primarily ) , as well as national governments . 
  it 's very well respected , though is fairly unknown outside of europe . 
  if you want to work in brussels , or with the eu in some capacity , there are few other schools that will get you as far . 
  it 's a pretty strongly pro-federalist , so it 's not the best place to study europe from a more neutral perspective . 
  i was actually considering applying to a program there , but opted for london instead . 
  as a major europhile , i can tell you i would be very impressed and excited to meet someone who attended it . 
  i believe so , but the fta is not a surefire thing .
