  the uk and france ca n't do that . 
  there is no such thing as european defense outside of nato ; eu integration on defense is so scant as to be negligible . 
  the uk and france are the only significant military powers in the eu , but they have not committed to continental defense outside of nato . 
  the uk and france are not the pillars of european defense , the us is . 
  there is wide agreement on both sides of the atlantic that europe should do more to shoulder the burden . 
  lolwut  as the us becomes less white , you will find people with much cultural attachment to europe . 
  in the past , going to europe was the mark of an upper-class american . 
  now american college students are opting for more travel to latin america , asia , etc. 
  japan and south korea are two of america 's strongest allies , and americans of japanese and korean descent are pretty small in number . 
  we have great relations with a lot of non-white countries despite being majority white . 
  [ european countries are also still the top foreign tourist destination for americans other than mexico and canada . 
  ] ( http://travel.trade.gov/outreachpages/download_data_table/2012_us_travel_abroad.pdf ) european culture is largely influenced by american culture . 
  europeans can speak english , watch star wars , and wear blue jeans . 
  immigrants and non-white ethnic groups in the us do the same . 
  they are n't much more different from europeans as white americans are . 
   maybe there was a time we looked to europe for culture , but when was the last time a music style , big technical innovation , or cultural icon came from europe to the us ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/culture_of_europe you will recognize a shitload of stuff on that page . 
  our bond with europe is stronger than any other part of the world save for maybe the anglosphere . 
  our cultures are similar , we speak the same languages , our history is shared , and our politics are similar . 
  we are each other 's natural ally , and the most prominent powers in the western world . 
  we are inseparable . 
  \\  the eu should probably refrain from causing unneeded damage to it 's economy \\  british flair muh austerity and brexit . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're serious . 
  perhaps if you said it en espa\u00f1ol ? 
  no , it did n't . 
  it had naval preeminence in europe primarily , as well as in other parts of the world , but most notably not in the pacific . 
  the japanese and the american navy had greater presence and control in the pacific in 1941 . 
  the british had a much greater presence than anyone else in the atlantic . 
  by the end of the war , the us navy dwarfed all others . 
  the japanese destroyed force z a few days after pearl harbor , which left the royal navy without any capital ships in the pacific . 
  the us only had four . 
  britain took a back seat to the us and japanese throughout the entirety of the pacific war ( 1941-1945 ) . 
  the entire point is that the japanese and american navies were far closer in power to the royal navy in 1941 than any navy is to the us navy today . 
  the us currently has global naval dominance . 
  in the beginning of ww2 , britain had regional naval preeminence in europe . 
  the american and japanese navies were more than comparable to the royal navy . 
  british naval presence in the pacific was negligible relative to the us and japan . 
  well the top post just calls the entire referendum amateurish . 
  i do agree with you though . 
  i think it 's absurd to argue that brexit is n't the will of the people . 
  i wo n't defend the holding of the referendum in the first place , however . 
   why free trade needs to be tied to a political system i do n't know . 
  because the eu is so much more than a free trade area , it 's a single market . 
  it never even began as a free trade area . 
  it began as a common market for steel and coal . 
  in order to have a single market , you need common laws and regulations to govern it . 
  those laws and regulations have to be created by common political institutions ( e.g. 
  a legislature , judiciary , and executive ) . 
  congratulations , you now have the european union . 
  he was making a joke . 
  iirc , most of the comments in that thread were lambasting the article 's assertion that it was n't the will of the people . 
  i disagree . 
  there is a growing strain of russian apologism in the west . 
  the far-right in the us , uk , and france all have heaped praise on putin and russia in ways that their governments do n't . 
  there is less of an anti-russian echo-chamber than during the cold war . 
  china 's activities in africa are not strictly business . 
  it 's a strategic calculation to curry favor with developing nations in the fastest growing part of the planet . 
  china 's desire to create multilateral institutions parallel to existing ones like the imf and world bank start here . 
  investment in africa is becoming a three-way race among the us , eu , and china . 
  chinese activities in europe are more strictly business-oriented . 
  europe is both too far away from chinese interests and too politically close to the us to be strategically useful . 
  did you think the eu was going to start by pumping 50 billion into something its never done before ? 
  we 're talking in circles , so i 'm not going to bother writing an essay in response . 
    this is the whole point of the single market : to reduce non-tariff barriers to trade , e.g. 
  borders , divergent laws/regulations , different currencies etc. 
   sort of , the borders , laws and currencies aspect is separate in the eu context . 
  but broadly you are n't wrong , although ftas have and can touch on visa 's and regulatory competency . 
  i do n't think any touch on currency as such though . 
  no , this is n't true at all . 
  the single market needs to be governed largely by common laws . 
  an fta does n't . 
  the euro and removal of internal borders are both designed to reduce barriers to trade within the eu . 
    free trade primarily reduces tariff barriers to trade . 
   free trade traditionally focused on barriers to the movement of goods , basically it was about reducing tariffs . 
  that has shifted though , now you have services included , increasingly there are other regulatory issues and legal issues addressed too ( see isds . . ) . 
  free trade has simply expanded to remove tariffs in services as well . 
  nothing in my statement is at odds with that . 
    for example , the eu and nafta are not comparable in any meaningful sense . 
  the eu is a proto-federation . 
  it makes more sense to compare it to the usa . 
   the eu is comparable to both , it 's also very different from both . 
  the eu also is n't the single market ( nor is it the customs union , or the eurozone . . ) . 
  i think this is where people trip up , but frankly from the perspective of someone in the uk or germany or canada , the realities and aspirations are the relevant bits . 
  no , nafta is nowhere near complicated enough to be compared to the eu 's framework . 
  it 's just another fta . 
  it makes more sense to compare it to ceta than the eu . 
  furthermore , the single market is the single most important component of the eu . 
  the vast majority of european legislation deals with it . 
   people in the uk did n't just dismiss the eu because they did n't understand it , quite a lot of people ( including a lot on the remain side . . ) simply do n't really see the direction the eu is taking as one they want for the uk or themselves . . that 's a real problem . 
  there were 17 million reasons why people voted to leave . 
  the biggest ones were immigration and sovereignty . 
  we all know this . 
  the public 's complete lack of knowledge of the eu is on full display as well . 
  too many people believe things about the eu that are simply not true . 
   there are no internal barriers to the movement of goods , people capital or labour because it 's all within one country . 
  this is the whole point of the single market : to reduce non-tariff barriers to trade , e.g. 
  borders , divergent laws/regulations , different currencies etc. 
  free trade primarily reduces tariff barriers to trade . 
  this is what the vast majority of people do not understand . 
  for example , the eu and nafta are not comparable in any meaningful sense .
