  more people must understand this . 
  note that none of the above is a justification for name-calling and mud-slinging . 
  well to be fair , it 's a lot more than their central bank people are concerned about . 
   today , if europeans wish to find concrete support for the values that unite them , it 's france or bust . 
  the usual alternative , britain , is retreating from european politics -- reducing its military profile and leaning heavily on france in the process . 
  i found this to be among the more interesting statements in the article . 
  i definitely think it is true that france maintains a better image than germany that is conducive to further integration and a solution to the crisis . 
  it is also true that the uk has always been a bit more aloof in integration schemes . 
  unfortunately , germany 's image has suffered because of its recommended economic policies toward other member states . 
  i think it is unfortunate that so there is so much emphasis on a german style of economic reform . 
  germany is hardly the only economic exemplar in the union . 
  it is , more simply , the largest `` healthy '' economy . 
  the netherlands , luxembourg , austria , finland , and sweden are all in fairly good shape as well , but no one is looking to them to solve the crisis . 
  thus , it is a fallacy to think that solutions to the crisis have to come from germany . 
  the current crisis is not a german one , nor a french one , nor a greek one . 
  it is a european one . 
  it is a negative result of decades of integration that was bound to happen sooner or later . 
  the solution to this crisis has to be a european one , not a german one , and not a french one . 
  the values that unite europe are european in origin . 
  support for these values and for unity must be supported by europe , not individual countries . 
  we would be remiss to ignore this . 
  a lot of them , especially those who identify with the center-right , wholeheartedly believe that europe 's woes are a result of the social market economy . 
  these people are no different from the vast majority of people in that they fail to understand the entire situation , and instead cherry-pick facts in order to support their ideology . 
   the exception there being ireland , but i believe reason for ireland 's trouble are quite different from those of portugal , italy , greece and spain . 
  this is true mostly because of ireland 's banking and financial sector 's collapse , but it too experienced a housing bubble like spain . 
  no one thought they 'd go through belgium * again . 
  i lost it when i saw `` eu candidate , '' even though it 's probably true . 
  i love the current flag . 
  mozambique ? 
  ... tatooine !, 
  should francois hollande win the french presidency , which seems very likely , it stands to reason that the german government will have to back away from its advocacy of increased austerity . 
  the franco-german partnership has always been the backbone of european integration . 
  merkel is smart enough to know that without france , germany does n't have the public image among europe necessary to promote a viable path forward for the european union . 
  it is popular these days to talk about france 's waning influence relative to germany 's in european affairs . 
  however , i think that most people truly underestimate the leverage that france has in the european union . 
  sure , it may not be able to match germany 's economic strength , but it has a much better public image in addition to being one of the world 's foremost military powers . 
  i think that the likely scenario of a center-left government in paris and a center-right government in berlin may be able to produce the kind of audacity that resulted in the treaty of maastricht . 
  for shame . 
  space is among the few fields that international cooperation shines . 
  the things we can accomplish together are far beyond what we can separately . 
  however , this may , hopefully , prompt larger increases in esa 's funding . 
  european parliament has very little power . 
  there 's almost nothing they can do . 
   so , you think that are only the mass killings of its own citizens that qualify a regime as totalitarian or fascist ? 
  no , but you drew a comparison between the us government and four brutal dictators . 
  ( `` your regime is not that different from saddam , kim , mao or stalin . '' ), 
  aspects of fascism exist in nearly every country on earth , as well as aspects of communism , liberalism etc. 
  there are no countries that follow pure political ideologies . 
  i 'm merely stating that it is a ludicrous and unjustifiable accusation . 
  if you honestly think that you can compare the united states to these dictators then you have a lot of learn about the world . 
   indeed it does , i 'm sorry if i 'm a bit `` emotional '' about human rights and about a nation that blatantly disrespects them while calling themselves `` the beacon of democracy '' , `` land of the free '' , etc. 
  here we call that hypocrisy . 
  and yet your flair displays the european flag , a symbol of the miserably undemocratic eu . 
  every state or organization has their faults . 
  europe has a whole host of problems of its own . 
  criticizing the united states does absolutely nothing to address europe 's own failings . 
  attempting to stir emotion is the lowest form of persuasion . 
  hussein , kim , mao , and stalin are all mass murderers . 
  say what you want about the us , but having lived my entire life here , i have yet to hear about the government systematically killing swathes of its own people . 
  it is an unjustifiable comparison not unlike comparisons to nazis . 
  it adds no substance to an argument and relies entirely on an emotional response , rather than producing rational discourse . 
  agreed . 
  last i checked , turkey has met around 10 of the 35 requirements in the copenhagen criteria . 
  it has a * long * way to go . 
  someday turkey will be in the eu , but not any time soon . 
  not a chance in hell , we have among the closest political , economic , military , and cultural ties in the world . 
  let 's also not forget that china is the new boogeyman . 
  look , i do n't agree with a lot of the united states 's policies , but drawing comparisons to brutal and repressive dictators is crossing the line . 
  the us has its problems like any other country in the world . 
  a majority of americans do n't espouse the views of the republican party , let alone newt gingrich or mitt romney . 
  one of our biggest problems is the existence of the two party system . 
  the modern republican party is ideologically not far removed from many european neo-fascist parties such as france 's front national , and the vast majority of the democratic party would be considered right of center in europe . 
  because of cultural and institutional barriers , the vast majority of voters think of every issue in black and white terms , with two opposing views . 
  yet another problem with being a superpower is the nonsensical nationalist sentiment that permeates throughout all aspects of society . 
  the republican presidential candidates are vying for votes in the republican primaries , which is comprised of the more hardcore ideologues , who are far more likely to vote , and are incredibly nationalist . 
  they make statements that appeal to them in order to win the nomination so that they can go on to the general election . 
  it is a staple in american politics to run hard to the left for the democratic primaries or hard to the right for the republican primaries and then to the middle for the general election . 
  rest assured , mitt romney nor newt gingrich will become our president . 
  this in itself displays better than anything else i can think of that the euro crisis is truly a european issue , not , for example , a german , greek , or italian one . 
  when the german chancellor campaigns for the french president , it is abundantly evident that integration has reached a watershed moment . 
  everyone should now recognize that a european issue should be discussed at a european level , and by representatives of europe , not among individual heads of government . 
  it still baffles me that many europeans are n't outraged by the fact that the german chancellor is easily the most powerful person in europe , but is directly responsible to only one country 's populace . 
  a directly elected european executive is necessary to create the kind of european identity that europe lacks , and desperately needs . 
  you 're right , i did misunderstand . 
  however , forgive me if i 'm mistaken , but i believe the house of lords has historically been dominated by the tories . 
  i 'm not sure what the makeup has been like in more recent years , but this poses a problem for any unelected body . 
  the house of lords 's power is almost negligible . 
  it can really only delay legislation for up to one year . 
  i do n't think it would serve as a good model for an upper house for europe . 
  the upper house should be somewhere in between the house of lords and the american senate in terms of power . 
  the german bundesrat would probably be a better template for the kind of representation you would find in a federation . 
   you should n't replace a countries finance minister if they 're breaking agricultural eu laws , for example . 
  i agree with this . 
  obviously the eurozone needs a lot more fiscal integration . 
  a budget commissioner for greece is not only undemocratic but it does n't prevent other states from violating eu fiscal rules . 
  if greece is going to have a commissioner , then so must france , italy , germany etc. 
  thus , if every country has an unelected commissioner that can throw out their budget , then why not just give fiscal authority to the eu itself , specifically an empowered european parliament ? 
  this plan makes the eu only more undemocratic and unfair . 
  should greece surrender sovereignty , it is only fair that each eurozone member does as well . 
  just about every country has violated maastrict in some fashion , germany and france included .
