   then be used as a counter-balance to the us and ussr . 
  that was de gaulle 's goal , but the modern eu is essentially an american ally . 
  it is generally more subservient to and aligned with us interests on foreign and security policy , but the two are widely seen as economic equals by both sides of the atlantic . 
  our most egregious public spats are almost always over relatively benign trade issues that no one remembers . 
  you do n't have to be european to be an `` euphile . '', 
   anyone who claims to `` know '' this is talking out their arse . 
  do you think scotland would be politically and economically stronger or weaker outside of the uk ? 
  do you think england would be politically and economically stronger or weaker outside of the uk ? 
  do you think california would be politically and economically stronger or weaker outside of the us ? 
  this is common sense , man . 
  these are subnational polities whose economy and political power are strengthened by being part of something larger than themselves . 
  look at what happened to the soviet union . 
  russia was by far the most powerful and the richest soviet republic , but independently , it has proven to be a shadow of what the soviet union was . 
  hey , it 's just like my country !, 
  have you at least considered the possibility that the british are wrong and are making a mistake ? 
  his first statement was hyperbole too , but this is his point : brexit is bad for the eu . 
  brexit is worse for the uk . 
   i do recall some article on just this issue before the referendum , complaining about the lack of personnel with the knowledge of the inner workings of the eu required to actually build a brexit proposal . 
  to add on to this , the eu has * always * had difficulty in recruiting british employees to the point that they do n't come anywhere close to their national quota . 
  the british simply do not have the institutional knowledge of the eu that comparably sized member states do . 
  dg agriculture , for example , is basically a french fiefdom , for lack of a better term . 
  our argument has always been that the uk will be politically and economically weaker outside of the eu , not that it will revert to the stone age . 
  the vast majority of the problems that people have with the eu are most easily solved by federalization . 
  the problem is convincing anyone who is even slightly eurosceptic that more europe is the answer . 
  when you already suspect the eu is broken , giving more power to it seems counter-intuitive . 
  japan is twice as populous as the uk , with robust manufacturing , tech , * and * finance sectors , and for the better part of a century was the only large and developed economy in a region without anything comparable to the eu . 
  nevertheless , japan has suffered from two `` lost '' decades of economic stagnation . 
  comparing the uk to japan is comparing apples to oranges . 
  the fact that they are both rich island countries is n't as relevant as you seem to think . 
  you can hire someone to paint over ads on your monitor . 
  this wo n't work for long though . 
  , lord of the underworld, 
  you 're right , the uk might not exist 20 years from now . 
  seriously though , you 're right that he 's making assumptions , but if we want to see what brexit britain will look like in twenty years , the closest example we have is britain from the 1960s , when it was n't a member of the eec . 
  the british economy sucked and was being outpaced by germany , france , and italy . 
  this was the impetus for the conservatives ' desire to enter the eec in the first place . 
  the eu is far more integrated today than it was in the 1960s . 
  the economic benefits of integration are far greater today than they were more than half a century ago . 
  if only my own countrymen had felt this way . 
  this is the kind of innovation that the world economy desperately needs right now . 
  that is absolutely gorgeous . 
  second-tallest , but the tallest of any planet . 
  [ rheasilvia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rheasilvia ) , on vesta , is the tallest mountain in the solar system . 
  i 'm genuinely sorry that you and so many of your compatriots are willfully ignorant of post-wwii european history . 
  you are n't doing yourselves any favors . 
   i 've never been a nationalist person * repeats turkish nationalist talking point *  although i do understand people 's bias towards me when they see i 'm turkish , when talking about the armenian affair . 
  oh , so you 're the real victim here . 
  how odd that the most vocal armenian genocide deniers are turks . 
  there is absolutely no shame in admitting what your ancestors did . 
  you are n't personally responsible for their crimes . 
  you are , however , personally responsible for trying to erase their crimes by peddling revisionist history . 
   it started as a trade agreement . 
  the eu started as a political unification and peace process . 
  british eurosceptics constantly push the narrative that the eu has fundamentally changed ; that they joined what they thought was only an economic union and not a political unification project . 
  this is 100 % wrong . 
  the schuman declaration itself talks about the unification of europe . 
  this was all public information in the 1950s , well before the uk joined . 
  it is entirely your fault that you believed something that simply was n't true . 
  here 's the beginning of the schuman declaration :  world peace can not be safeguarded without the making of creative efforts proportionate to the dangers which threaten it . 
   the contribution which an organized and living europe can bring to civilization is indispensable to the maintenance of peaceful relations . 
  in taking upon herself for more than 20 years the role of champion of a united europe , france has always had as her essential aim the service of peace . 
  a united europe was not achieved and we had war . 
   europe will not be made all at once , or according to a single plan . 
  it will be built through concrete achievements which first create a de facto solidarity . 
  the coming together of the nations of europe requires the elimination of the age-old opposition of france and germany . 
  any action taken must in the first place concern these two countries . 
   some , but not the ones people would have cared about . 
   yea , imagine if the uk had gotten an opt-out from the euro . 
  people would love that . 
  if we were doing nothing to combat terrorism you might have a point . 
  but you 'll take offense at being called a nazi , right ? 
  this is fucking nazi rhetoric . 
  sorry , i forgot that the word invader has a positive connotation and is n't often used by reactionaries as a dogwhistle reference to migrants from mena . 
  every single brown-skinned migrant is a terrorist , am i right ? 
  keep having unrealistic goals . 
  terrorism and crime will never be eradicated . 
  you can either accept that it will always be a thorn in our side that should not be given a disproportionate response or you can be reactionary and surrender more of your personal liberties until your society looks just like the one you are trying to defeat . 
   sitting there passively while `` not giving terrorists our hatred '' is n't going to do anything . 
  passivity will not win us this struggle . 
  what do you suggest ? 
  further restrict personal liberty so that our society increasingly resembles those that the terrorists ' espouse ? 
  you seem to think that we do n't have broad counter-terrorism measures at local and international levels ( and everything in between ) , including interventionist wars . 
  you read news stories about the the terrorist attacks that happen , but almost never about the ones that do n't . 
  we are acting on it . 
  if you will only be satisfied with a complete eradication of terrorism , you will die unsatisfied . 
  you will literally never stop crime . 
  if you 're looking for critical thinking from a trump supporter , you 're wasting your time . 
  there was n't much of a difference . 
  they were both consumed by cultural issues , particularly anti-intellectualism and xenophobia . 
  the most distinguishing characteristic of the brexit debate was the perception of a democratic deficit in the eu , which gave eurosceptics a moral high ground in their minds . 
  well , it does n't really make sense for expats to favor the nationalist candidate . 
  to people who still deny that russia is deliberately manipulating public opinion in western countries : does russia have anything to gain by turning people against pro-eu/pro-nato and anti-russia policies ? 
  the answer should be obvious to anyone who has ever opened a history book . 
  furthermore , what do they have to lose ? 
  their economy is already being crippled by sanctions , are not viewed as a partner by the vast majority of countries on the planet , and it 's incredibly unlikely that they risk actual war by engaging in cyberwarfare . 
  i do n't disagree . 
  people incorrectly use racism as a catch-all term for bigotry . 
  being pedantic does n't absolve the right of bigotry . 
  \\  feminismisaids \\  supports female presidential candidate, 
  no , you do n't understand .
