  they both have a heavy disdain for social justice , for example . 
  are you completely out of touch with reality ? 
  there is a massive far-right populist wave crossing the west , most of europe included ( fn , afd , pvv , ukip/brexit etc ) . 
  social democracy has been consistently eroded as popular opinion has lurched to the right in recent years and as the eu has pursued broadly neoliberal economic policies , particularly on trade , over the past two decades . 
  furthermore , right-wing parties have been in power in most of europe for more of the 21st century than left-wing parties have . 
  read the news . 
  i 'm really afraid that trump 's stupid rhetoric is going to lead to a permanent mistrust of the us among our allies , even if he goes up in smoke . 
  thanks joe . 
  my least favorite map . 
  this sub could use more `` living space , '' as it 's getting too crowded . 
  we should annex another subreddit . 
  yes , i know . 
  and i 'm saying that the us cabinet is also all appointed , yet i have never heard people up in arms about how undemocratic it is . 
  i have zero reservations about the commissioners being unelected given that they are approved by the parliament . 
  the college of commissioners is like the us cabinet + a prime minister . 
  it 's hardly undemocratic . 
  there 's actually not that many of us , but we each weigh 400 lbs , so we had to fill out the survey twice . 
  i agree , and i think he was a better than average president . 
  i just did n't expect him to be one of the most popular major politicians among europeans . 
  damn , obama is popular as fuck here . 
  there 's a massive difference between protecting eu membership and protecting the right to free speech or religious worship . 
  for the record , i opposed brexit and the referendum itself , but support that the government should implement the referendum 's decision . 
  he never gave a solution , what are you talking about ? 
  protecting the minority 's rights is crucial to prevent mob rule . 
  it 's why my own country has the bill of rights . 
  enshrining certain rights into law does not make one an advocate for something other than democracy . 
  i absolutely do not agree that a democracy should , for example , allow 90 % of the population to oppress the remaining 10 % simply because the votes are there . 
   they 're only worthy enough to keep in nato because they have the second biggest army it 's not that . 
  turkey 's location is like 95 % of the reason why it matters geopolitically to half a dozen major powers . 
  it 's located at the crossroads of europe , russia , iran , and the arab world , and the fact that nato effectively controls access to the black sea is huge . 
  i do n't know . 
  we 've gotten exceedingly good at every from procurement to deployment . 
  it 's become an incredibly well-oiled machine . 
  we 're comparing it to a combined eu armed forces that only ten years prior had members who did n't even have air forces . 
  building the institutional knowledge to even run a superpower sized military would take decades . 
  look at china and russia . 
  they field the most powerful armed forces in the world after the us , but no one considers them to be anywhere close to being conventionally equal with the us , even after decades of investment . 
  britain and france are the only two eu member states that even have most of the same capabilities as the us , but on a smaller scale . 
  the vast majority of eu member states * rely * on other countries to provide capabilities that they do n't have . 
  how can you get the eu to field 10 supercarrier battle groups when the french and the british can barely field 1 each ? 
  this is all absolutely possible , but not within a decade . 
  a decade is overly optimistic . 
  the eu 's collective defense budget is still something like 1/3 of the us 's . 
  on top of that , the united states has a slight technological edge , a consistently battle-hardened military , and a strongly nationalist population and slightly militarist population ( certainly more so than any eu member state ) . 
  matching these would take a long time . 
  however , if the eu had a collective armed forces it would be the world 's second most powerful entity tomorrow . 
  no where did i say it would be spread evenly across the 27 member states . 
   the value of the eu 's loss of trade with britain will be spread across twenty seven countries notice how the word evenly is not there . 
  and the bulk of the reu 's trade is not with britain . 
   i see nothing racist about that statement . 
  mexican is a nationality , not a race . 
  anybody can be mexican . 
  if you want to be pedantic we can call it bigotry instead . 
   gonzalo curiel was proven to be partial because he was a member of la raza . 
  so trump 's statement was correct . 
  most judges are going to be registered party members or affiliated with political groups of some kind because they are n't robots . 
  like many other jobs , you put your personal views aside in your professional capacity . 
  it 's called being a professional . 
  trump was saying he could not do that because he was mexican . 
   the birther movement was started by hillary clinton . 
  no it was n't , and even if it was , you 'd only be engaging in whataboutism . 
  you 're recycling talking points from the_deluded and uncensorednews , which is n't surprising given your comment history . 
  i 'm not going to engage in discussion with you any further because you 're clearly only interested in pushing an agenda . 
   `` when mexico sends its people , they 're not sending their best . 
  they 're not sending you . 
  they 're not sending you . 
  they 're sending people that have lots of problems , and they 're bringing those problems with us . 
  they 're bringing drugs . 
  they 're bringing crime . 
  they 're rapists . 
  and some , i assume , are good people . '', 
  literally in his campaign announcement speech . 
  during the campaign , he accused judge gonzalo curiel of being incapable of being impartial because he 's mexican . 
  he also led the birther movement since 2011 , which was a wholly racist move to undermine our first black president . 
  do you even read the news ? 
  you 're overestimating the strength of euroscepticism on the continent . 
  britain is not indicative of continental sentiment toward the eu . 
  it never has been . 
  this is one of the reasons why you 're leaving . 
  you 're different . 
  you responded to  fortunately not nearly as hard as the uk . 
  with  based on your speculation , but in reality you really have no idea do you . 
  my comment reflects the reality of the economic relationship between the uk and the eu . 
  the former is more dependent on the latter . 
  that is a fact , regardless of whether or not you feel like it is . 
   the uk is also the second largest net contributor to the eu budget , now tell me where they will magically fill that void without being affected economically ? 
  the eu 's budget is 1 % of gdp . 
  the uk contributes about 10 % of the total budget . 
  do you really think that the rest of the eu ca n't come up with an extra ~ 15 billion euros annually ? 
  the uk 's economy is like 7 or 8 times smaller than the reu 's . 
  the value of the eu 's loss of trade with britain will be spread across twenty seven countries , whereas the value of the uk 's loss of trade with the eu will be spread across one . 
  there is no realistic situation where the eu is hit as hard or harder than the uk . 
  slovenia should also hold a purely advisory referendum on eu membership in order to boost gdp growth is the clear answer here . 
  we can build a whole new set of economic theories based on referenda !, 
  no , the other way around . 
  those are two of the most important things i want in western politicians . 
  they 're completely valid things to support . 
  london would be an asset . 
  the uk would n't be . 
  the fact that you even consider the united states , france , and germany as threats to the united kingdom is the problem here .
