  if the eu only cared about money they never would have expanded to greece , spain , portugal , ireland , and eastern europe . 
  the eu also gave the uk tons of opt-outs . 
  you are the eu 's most special little snowflake . 
   nice of you to call 52 % of the uk population `` far-right nationalist zombies '' . 
  you 're right , i should clarify by saying that much of the 52 % of those who voted to leave are far-right nationalist zombies , and the rest are just regular zombies who hate the eu despite not knowing anything about it . 
  it 's also not confined to your country . 
  support for nationalist and populist politicians and parties is becoming dangerously prevalent in the us , france , and germany . 
  if you do n't understand why that 's dangerous , i 'll refer you to 1930s europe . 
  which is fine . 
  i just think its funny that brexiteers complain about how the uk never gets what it wants in the eu while failing to realize that that 's part of being in the minority of a democratic system . 
  instead of trying to figure out why they 're always on the losing end or trying to come up with more convincing arguments , they decide to give up and quit instead . 
  democracy sure does suck when you 're on the losing end , does n't it ? 
  welcome to democracy , where the minority does n't always get what they want . 
  the rest of the eu member states do n't share many of the same views as the british . 
  yes , the eu despised the uk so much that they all wanted the uk to remain in the eu . 
  among the only people who actually wanted the uk to leave were nigel farage , donald trump , vladimir putin and their far-right nationalist zombies . 
  think about that . 
  until the british government gives us any reason not to speculate , then yes . 
  yes . 
  my own opinion is that voluntarily leaving the eu is exactly like voluntarily leaving a club or company . 
  you give up all of the benefits and responsibilities you had as a member . 
  this is what 's generally referred to as a `` hard '' brexit . 
  your economy is smaller than california . 
  you 're not as important as you think . 
  no one country 's economy will suffer more than the uk 's ; the loss of business with the uk will be spread across the rest of the global economy , not just france , germany , or even the eu . 
  ** rising superpower 's planes fly over poland **, 
  [ you wrote this comment an hour ago . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/54vkax/rfrance_just_reached_100k_subscribers/d85du7t ), 
  you have been made a moderator of / r/kenm . 
  it 'll be weird to have a country in europe that speaks spanish . 
  thanks palau . 
  this slovak is right . 
  sorry , i do n't speak hungry . 
  adolf `` literally trump '' hitler built the atlantic wall . 
  global warming is a problem in absolute terms ; the earth does n't care who pollutes what per capita . 
  futhermore , the [ us ] ( http://climateactiontracker.org/countries/usa.html ) and [ eu ] ( http://climateactiontracker.org/countries/eu.html ) are both on a downward trajectory , where as [ china ] ( http://climateactiontracker.org/countries/china.html ) is still on a huge upward trajectory . 
  the us and eu could double their efforts and china 's emissions growth would still outpace them . 
   you do realize that political parties and ngo 's are two completely different things yes , the point i was trying to make was that russia has no problem funding political parties in the west , so why should russian funding of ngos be surprising ? 
   ... and in any case , how is it different from what us and eu are doing anyway ? 
  russia consistently bans foreign ngos that it does n't like . 
   but that was not the point i was trying to make ... as an american , let me put it for you this way - this `` study '' is about the same as similar study issued by republican think tank about racial injustice or gun control . 
  it 's not , because foreign policy tends to be an area of general consensus among western democracies ' center-left and center-right parties . 
  of course , there are occasional divergences . 
  social and economic issues are where parties differentiate themselves to a greater degree . 
  furthermore , the report itself says that its initial research was built on briefings from the european parliament research service , which is nonpartisan . 
   btw , not just italian communist party , but most communist parties in the west . 
  yes , but the italian communist party was western europe 's most notorious recipient of soviet funding . 
  the unsc has no actual power . 
  powerful countries ignore it when convenient . 
  the iraq war proceeded despite a lack of un authorization . 
  russian and western intervention in syria are ongoing despite no un authorization . 
  china produces more greenhouse gas emissions than any other country on the planet . 
  it will still be a developing country ten years from now . 
  we ca n't just ignore the problem . 
  you do realize that this is an established fact , right ? 
  russia has funded parties like france 's fn . 
  furthermore , it is n't new : the ussr funded the italian communist party during the cold war . 
  ah , i meant to type american rather than british . 
  but you are right to point out that the british carriers will be able to operate american f-35bs . 
  however , i believethe rafale and f-35c require a catobar system because of their heavier airframe and payload . 
  the queen elizabeth carriers do n't have a catobar system , where the charles de gaulle and nimitz/ford class carriers do . 
  you have been made editor-in-chief of any anglo-saxon newspaper of your choice from the past 60 years . 
  you do realize that the overwhelming majority of our armed forces , both equipment and personnel , are not in europe , right ? 
  we pay for those too . 
  they would be used to defend europe . 
  both parties support it now . 
  furthermore , france is the most active ally the us has at the moment , whether its in libya , syria , mali , iraq etc. 
  french and american naval assets are also increasingly interoperable . 
  french planes can land on american carriers and american planes can land on french carriers . 
  the new british carriers will not be able to operate french or american planes . 
  every time i read a news article about the uk post-brexit i get angry . 
  make la france vive again, 
  while true , i 've never once been in a situation in the us where a spanish speaker did n't also speak english . 
  i have never needed to know a language other than english anywhere in the us , so i chose to learn a language that i found more interesting . 
  typical norwegian apologists . 
  this is state-sponsored terrorism . 
  i ca n't believe we still support that oil-rich religious monarchy . 
  further , why would you live in gibraltar and then vote to leave the eu ? 
  this is one of those things i really envy about europe that just does n't and ca n't exist in the us . 
  my french is okay , but i 'm rusty because i never get a chance to use it because everyone in the us speaks english . 
  nope . 
  if you speak english , you 'll be able to understand any other english speaker in the us . 
  there are regional accents and colloquialisms , but the language is universally understood . 
  there are a lot of spanish speakers in the us , mostly of mexican heritage , but i imagine there is a larger divergence in spanish due to immigration from all over latin america , where spanish dialects are more pronounced . 
  it takes place from 9pm to 10:30 pm et . 
  it 's being broadcast freely nearly everywhere , last i heard . 
  i 'm about 99 % sure it will be streamed live on youtube . 
  i think he was making a veiled reference to italy switching sides in the world wars . 
  i 'm very much liking italy 's new assertiveness now that the uk is leaving . 
  for a country roughly as big as the uk and france , it generally has not had nearly as much influence in the eu since the uk joined . 
  i only ever watch ice hockey at the olympics , but goddamn do i enjoy every minute of it . 
  it 's broken and half underwater and it still looks cool . 
  there is more news than just what happens in the us , russia , and china . 
  the size of a country 's economy is not the only thing that makes a superpower . 
  the us has a lot of advantages that other countries do n't have . 
  it has unrivaled cultural influence , is protected by two massive oceans , is situated in an almost entirely peaceful hemisphere , has strong allies , a constant influx of immigrants who integrate well , a constantly battle-hardened armed forces , the world 's third largest population , etc. 
  it 's not likely that the us will remain the sole superpower through the end of the century , but there 's no reason to believe it wo n't still be a superpower . 
  the eu , china , and to a lesser extent , india , are the only entities that could conceivably become superpowers by 2100 . 
  you 're right . 
  the democratic party is a catch-all for the left .
