  however , since the uk joined the eu , the three countries have largely played off of each other . 
  historically , the uk perferred a widening of the eu ( enlargement ) rather than deepening ( integration ) , france preferred a deepening rather than widening , and germany preferred both . 
  on economic policy , the uk acted as a liberal counterweight to france 's protectionist instincts , while germany occupied the center , balancing the two . 
  brexit will leave the eu without its leading proponent of liberal economics and enlargement , meaning france 's stock will rise on economic issues . 
  furthermore , france will beocme the sole dominant state on foreign and defense policy . 
  previously , the uk and france acted as the dual-engine on cooperation on these matters . 
  germany does not have the extensive diplomatic network that france has , nor its hard power . 
  brexit will also leave the us without a natural country to shill for us in the eu ( thanks uk ) . 
  as strange as it may be , france is probably the next most useful country , if only because it 's the eu 's only other military power . 
  franco-american relations improved dramatically under obama and sarkozy/hollande , particularly on foreign and defense policy . 
  trump throws that into question , but us-eu relations will continue long past his tenure . 
  if anything , brexit will allow france to reemerge as germany 's equal in the eu . 
  i hope you never find yourself in a position where you have to emigrate only to be greeted by hate . 
  and the ones who are did n't make the news because they did n't kill anyone . 
  that 's a lot of walls . 
  how was mexico able to pay for all of them ? 
  it was surreal for me . 
  it took a few days to really sink in . 
  growing up in america , you sort of had this idea that we were invincible . 
  the ethos in america and the west changed rapidly , to the point that we now use the term `` post-9 / 11 '' to describe a marked shift in world history . 
  cool , let 's do this with other groups too . 
  if there were no other intolerant white christians in america , maybe kids would n't go and shoot up schools and black churches . 
   california has referendums all the time . 
  former californian here . 
  california 's ballot proposition system is garbage . 
  issues that the public has never thought about , let alone informed themselves about , appear on the ballot all the time . 
  this one immediately comes to mind : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/california_proposition_2_ ( 2008 ) this is something legislators are elected to deal with . 
  furthermore , these referendums are a double edged sword . 
  they can be great like how california legalized recreational marijuana last year , or terrible like when it banned gay marriage in 2008 . 
  this is all we know about the attacker 's identity :  security sources described the suspected assailant as a middle-aged asian man so your comment translates to : `` i do n't like muslims because i think they 're scary . '', 
   how can you not ? 
  seriously ? 
  they do not want a rival to the us . 
  no , i do n't think that 's it , because the republicans have generally bashed europe and the eu for political points for decades . 
  the foreign policy establishment on both the left and the right have generally been wary of promoting the eu as a potential rival . 
  we have historically supported integration on all fronts , but not to the point that europe would be an equal or senior partner on foreign policy and defense policy . 
  i ca n't say how much the american far-right would support this , however . 
  they 've never had so much power until this year . 
  i think the republicans hate europe because its society is more or less the actual manifestations of the democrats ' ideology . 
  the republicans have , over the past 30 years , become more of a party of contrarianism , existing mostly to oppose progress made by the democrats . 
  sprinkle some nationalism , xenophobia , bigotry , a feeling that europe does n't shoulder its share of the defense burden , anti-pc culture sentiment , anti-socialist sentiment held over from the cold war , and and i think that 's a fairly comprehensive view of why the american right and far-right hate europe and the eu . 
  the terms first - , second - , and third-world are anachronisms in the post-cold war world . 
  they were n't used to describe rich and poor countries . 
  first-world countries were those aligned with the us/nato , second-world countries with the ussr/warsaw pact , and third-world countries were non-aligned . 
  romania was a second-world country because it was a soviet client state . 
  even in the 1990s , romania was actively working towards nato and eu membership , meaning it was seeking to join what a few years earlier had been the first-world . 
  you 're better off using the terms developed and developing economies/countries . 
  you are 100 % wrong . 
  [ feel free to look through eu structural funding line by line . 
  ] ( https://cohesiondata.ec.europa.eu/dataset/esif-2014-2020-finance-implementation-details/99js-gm52 ), 
  just the blue states then . 
  as individual states , sure . 
  as a single member we 'd be way too dominant . 
   how to successfully butthurt a eurosceptic brit, 
  you 've had 31 more years than them to complain . 
  you 've built up quite a lead . 
  thanks trump ... ? 
  wow , this thing is sleek as fuck . 
  huh , it 's the same in english . 
  yes , it was part of the eu from 1973 to 1984 . 
  colonies depicted in gray . 
  trade deals bring your geopolitical interests into closer alignment . 
  japan is a capitalist and democratic country in a region of the world where those are few in number . 
  makes perfect sense for europe to strengthen those bonds . 
   as for the electoral college , pretty much everyone knew the flaws of it when bush won the first time . 
  and yet people still defend it . 
  as long as the popular vote discrepancy becomes larger , the more untenable it becomes to support it . 
  how many people would continue to support it when someone wins the popular vote by 25 million , but loses the electoral college ? 
  every additional vote that hillary would have received in a state that she was going to win anyway would only highlight the flaws of the electoral college . 
  the popular vote is a symbolic number as well . 
  you ca n't claim a popular mandate without winning it . 
   you agree with the positions they hold does not mean they are a neutral party . 
  no , if you find yourself agreeing with a media outlet 's position , you are reading an editorial . 
  if you ca n't distinguish editorials from news reporting , then the problem is with you , not the media outlet . 
  the new york times editorial board is liberal , but the new york times ' actual reporting is largely unbiased because it 's reporting , and is often based on ap or reuters reporting , which are dedicated to being unbiased news wires . 
  that article does n't mention anything about them becoming strictly partisan . 
  this is your injecting your own opinions into the article . 
  this is the only part of the article that comes close to your charge :  the two men clashed over many issues , including strategy , editorial direction and compensation , creating what several people described as a poisonous atmosphere for managers and staff members . 
  the bad blood led both parties to scrap plans , announced in january , for vandehei to remain in his job until november . 
  nowhere does it say what the disagreement over the editorial direction was . 
  and again , do n't confuse op-eds with reporting . 
  this is not true at all . 
  politico has some of the best hill reporting out there . 
  it 's just not part of the right 's approved media outlets . 
  this is also an opinion piece . 
  do n't conflate it with reporting . 
  incredibly disrespectful . 
  this is 100 % something he would do . 
  there 's no doubt in my mind he ignored her intentionally . 
   i 'm sorry i 'm not sure how to translate `` d\u00e9diabolisation '' : / `` normalization '' is what we would say . 
  that word is getting thrown around a lot here now too that trump is president . 
  i agree with what you said . 
  i ca n't speak for the french media , since i have much less exposure to it than anglo media , but in the us and uk , media outlets have tried to avoid controversy that would harm themselves by promoting false equivalences and introducing balance for its own sake rather than to be intellectually honest . 
  if i recall correctly , a few studies were discussed in this sub about how the bbc 's coverage of brexit exemplified this phenomenon . 
  the bbc would often give equal time and weight to pro-brexit economic arguments for the sake of balance , despite the fact that the overwhelmingly majority of economists did not back brexit . 
  i have no evidence to back this up , only anecdotal support , but i suspect that video game/internet culture has a lot to do with how a segment of western youth has fallen into the far-right 's lap . 
  a significant part of the culture is built on blaming other people , outrage , and being intentionally rude to get a rise out of people . 
  i can see how these could translate into bigotry , xenophobia , and a backlash toward `` pc culture . '', 
  acting like this in real life would result in public shaming , but there are few consequences for being a dick from behind the safety of your keyboard . 
  spot on , my man .
