  i always knew canada was a whore . 
  sometimes you have to call a spade a spade . 
  or does pc gone mad only apply to people and things you do n't like ? 
  yea , this sub is only for european stuff !, 
  revolutionary war . 
  usa to join the eu !, 
  ever since jacques delores was commission president , the heads of state/government have avoided putting charismatic people or visionaries in important eu positions . 
  it seems like the entire world is intent on putting complete morons into power now . 
  on a selfish note , i hope that invoking article 50 tanks the pound so i can buy buckingham palace when i next visit london . 
  i 'd still prefer brexit to just be ignored , however . 
  thanks for the summary + translation . 
  none of the remaining states in europe aside from russia would make the eu that much more powerful . 
  the point is that the uk will become increasingly isolated in european and global affairs as the eu adds more member states . 
  the future of the uk looks a lot like what canada is to the us : a relatively rich and powerful country that is consistently dwarfed by its neighbor and fairly inconsequential in regional and global affairs . 
  the only major european countries that are n't in the eu are ukraine , turkey , and russia . 
  none of those will be joining any time soon . 
  all that 's left are small states that the eu is more than capable of absorbing . 
  do you seriously not understand how the referendum has changed britain 's calculus ? 
  before the uk voted to leave the eu , it advocated for enlargement as a means to slow or prevent deeper integration . 
  after the uk voted to leave the eu , it makes more sense to block enlargement of a potential superpower on its doorstep . 
  in both scenarios , britain pursues its interests by trying to make the eu as ineffective as possible . 
  furthermore , no member state vetoed the former communist countries from joining the eu , so do n't try to claim they objected . 
  yea , the eu has repeatedly held up montenegro as a model candidate state . 
  right , as i said , the member states usually operate through consensus . 
  one of the eu 's earliest crises was the empty chair crisis , when de gaulle effectively stopped france 's participation in european institutions because of the drift toward more supranational power and the lack of a permanent funding mechanism for the cap . 
  the luxembourg compromise ended it by giving veto power to every member state . 
  ever since , the eu has had a mix of intergovernmental and supranational institutions . 
  it 's the only way it works . 
  furthermore , veto power gives the smallest states actual influence , preventing the eu from being an organization only run by any combination of germany , france , the uk , and italy . 
  historically , however , the member states have operated based on consensus . 
  the eu has always been a work in progress . 
  it has always had problems and it always will , just like every other government humankind has ever created , yours included . 
  suggesting that its flaws are n't being addressed is complete horseshit ; there has been a major treaty roughly every ten years that have strengthened the eu 's institutional capacity and broadened its areas of authority . 
  for decades , the uk has acted as an obstacle to reform because the most effective solutions to the eu 's woes are to strengthen its supranational capacity . 
  the uk , more jealous of its national sovereignty than the other member states , blocks institutional reform that results in erosion of national sovereignty . 
  just in the past couple of years , the uk tried to block spitzenkandidaten , which made the commission president elected similarly to a prime minister , and it blocked the creation of the european stability mechanism , designed to help solve the eurocrisis , which ultimately had to be created outside of the eu 's institutional framework . 
  the uk has historically always preferred the eu 's intergovernmental aspects , which are its least democratic . 
  your country is incredibly hypocritical about the eu . 
  it wants more democracy and efficiency , but it blocks the only surefire way to solve these problems : giving the eu more of powers that a state has . 
  furthermore , its not like the eu has only been a hobbled giant for the past decade . 
  it has been less than the sum of its parts for its entire existence . 
  the uk has cosnsitently been the most eurosceptic member state ever since it joined . 
  the complaints that eurosceptics make are n't new . 
  they did n't arise because of the eurocrisis or the migrant crisis . 
  they 've always been there , and they 're being actively addressed by a collection of 28 countries that do not always agree ( some more often than others ) . 
  europe has never been richer or more peaceful than it is now . 
  you can hate the eu all you want , but in the thousands of years that european civilization has been around , it has never been better than when organized under the eu . 
   all perfectly illustrate the unwillingness to actually engage with the problems in the eu so does giving up and quitting . 
  god bless o7, 
  til i 'm a self-hating european supremacist . 
   when the european project reaches the final stages of it 's true intentions ( the eussr ) i ca n't believe people actually believe this filth . 
  you have no idea how infuriating it is to watch you and some of your countrymen ignorantly cheer yourselves off a cliff while assuming you have the moral high ground . 
  britain will never again be the country it used to be . 
  you need to accept this . 
  so you 're likely even less informed about the eu than the average brit . 
  the number of unflaired brexiteers i see around this sub makes me think you 're all putin-bots . 
  i do n't understand how you can honestly think both the leave and remain campaigns were equally distasteful . 
   the true believers in the eu are on some kind of deranged moral crusade . 
  and yet i feel the exact same way about brexiteers . 
  is n't it great how everyone is learning about the eu and economics after the vote was held instead of before ? 
  you only gave me data from june 2016 . 
  i gave you data from 1973 to 2015 . 
  read the article ; it 's eurobarometer data , as i 've stated before . 
  i 'm not going to continue this anymore because it 's a waste of my time . 
  i literally gave you the data that shows the uk is the most consistently eurosceptic member state . 
  you can even compare it to just the other 8 member states that have been around since 1973 , since they have the most data points , and you 'll see it 's clear as day . 
  it 's open to debate if you do n't actually care about the truth . 
   you would know that euroscepticism has ** consistently ** been higher in the uk than any other member state eurobarameter data going back to 1973 puts the uk as one of the most eurosceptic countries in the eu . 
  you 're acting like britain was some sort of scrappy underdog when it was in fact one of the world 's most dominant powers , controlled the world 's largest empire , most powerful navy , and was being fed materials by the united states . 
  furthermore , the battle of britain was won largely due to hitler 's incompetence . 
  he ordered the luftwaffe to stop bombing raf airfields and switch to civilian targets instead , giving the raf time to regroup . 
  if the luftwaffe had kept bombing the raf , britain would not have been safe from invasion . 
  if you actually cared enough to learn about post-wwii european history , you would know that euroscepticism has consistently been higher in the uk than any other member state . 
  you are severely overestimating the amount of euroscepticism on the continent . 
  i do n't know what else i was expecting from the top 3 . 
  do you think rising income inequality is isolated to the eu ? 
  lol, 
  yea , the pound 's pretty shit these days . 
  i just went through your comment history . 
  thanks for the laughs . 
  this comment section is garbage . 
  did you not read my last sentence ? 
  the eu has bent over backwards for 43 years to accommodate your need to be a special snowflake . 
  the rest of the eu member states , japan , the usa , canada ... * all * of your friends wanted you to stay in the eu despite having to put up with your arrogant attitude . 
  and now you have the gall to disparage the eu ? 
  can you honestly not imagine yourself in the eu 's position ? 
  if there were a way to keep 48 % of britain in the eu and 52 % out , i would be all for it . 
  yes , the british eu civil servants are quite capable , but they perform a different role from academics and scholars . 
  edit : it 's actually also important to note that the eu has trouble finding enough british citizens to hire to fill positions in the european civil service . 
  it does not have this problem with comparably sized countries . 
  there is a thing known as scholarly consensus . 
  just because you might not agree with it does n't mean it 's biased . 
  scholarly debates in eu studies are almost never about whether or not the eu is a worthwhile project . 
  those debates were settled decades ago . 
  and the vast majority of climate scientists agree that humans cause global warming . 
  balance for the sake of balance can be intellectually dishonest . 
  yes , social sciences do n't always deal with hard truths , but eurosceptic arguments generally do not hold water in academia . 
  if the government wants scholars who will only tell them that brexit wo n't suck ass , they 're going to have a hard time finding them . 
  and what i 'm saying is that britain does n't have a large enough talent pool from which to draw anyway . 
  the article says that foreign academics will not be asked to  contribute to any government work and analysis on brexit because they are not british nationals .
