  i 'm also a pretty big anglophile . 
  i was able to get 52 before giving up . 
  the only countries i completed were germany , france , britain , italy , and the netherlands . 
  i had no idea that san marino even has three cities . 
  the ramifications mean that germany , one of the world 's largest exporters , would be surrounded by countries in recession , unable to buy german products , reversing the economic miracle that the euro provided germany with . 
  the single market would be strained , and decades of work toward greater european integration could unravel . 
  the eu , and its predecessors , have represented the most successful economic and political consolidation of the continent in its history . 
  risking its loss due to archaic stirrings of national pride , rivalry , and stereotyping would be a major detriment to europe and to humanity . 
  europe either succeeds or fails together . 
  there 's a reason europe 's leaders have chosen to bail these countries out . 
  they understand the ramifications of a loss in confidence in the euro . 
  stopping would undermine confidence in the entire single currency and cast europe into a completely avoidable recession that could even border on depression . 
  it has strengthened my desire to move to and study in london . 
  soon , hopefully . 
  despite how most of us feel about these agencies , this is still newsworthy . 
  perhaps it will become increasingly evident that everyone is in this together . 
  when the markets become nervous over germany , something more substantial will have to be done . 
  i do n't know how this is supposed to sound . 
  this is the most stereotypical italian thing i have ever read . 
   that 's why calls for more federation in the eu should not mean more redistributive transfers between states . 
  federation means creating a transfer union . 
  in europe you call it greece . 
  in america , we call it mississippi . 
  it 's fairly well established that lower socioeconomic groups tend to be more religious . 
  [ for those not familiar with the reference . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_zi_aealije ) [ and the canyonero song because it 's awesome . 
  ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=og5fksh3-f4&amp;feature=related ), 
  are there any for brown or cameron ? 
  give erdogan the sudetenland and maybe he wo n't try to annex bosnia and herzegovina . 
  as long as he continues to act like this , the longer russia will suffer . 
   even if a presidency had all the powers of the eu it would not have more power than any single member nation of the union you 're right , but the trend in europe is that of gradual federalization . 
  bar some sort of catastrophe , many of us alive today will live to see the eu reconstitute itself as a sovereign state . 
  the eu president definitely has room to grow . 
  though the member states still wield a great deal of sovereignty , it is disingenuous to suggest that they it is unlikely that they would give real power to a central government . 
  integration is around 60 years old . 
  today , the member states are far less independent than they were at the outset of integration . 
  integration is a gradual process . 
  eventually , more powers will be surrendered to brussels . 
  creating a directly elected super president will help solve the democratic deficit and foster pan-european identification and politics . 
  sure , if the super president were to be created tomorrow , it would not be nearly as powerful as the german chancellor , but larger trends lead many to believe that it will eventually be more powerful . 
  the presidency that is most often proposed would be a merger of the president of the commission and of the council . 
  that position would have substantial power , with plenty of room to grow . 
  it would not necessitate any more transfer of sovereignty , as the position already exists , though in two forms . 
  there 's a fairly famous essay prompt given to british students that 's something along the lines of `` the english , welsh , and scottish are so at home with one another , that they can afford to hate each other . '', 
  perhaps the french should also be included . 
  as an outsider , the relationship between the french and the british has always amused me . 
  there 's nothing else quite like it . 
  now i know why they maintain neutrality . 
  why risk such a precious resource ? 
  does the entire movie take place in france ? 
  i ca n't remember now . 
   i do n't support further eu security involvement in asia at all . 
  our strengths are economic , not military . 
  i do n't want our strengths to be military . 
  if there is one lesson that the eu should take from the united states , it 's to not spend so much money on your military . 
  the us is more than willing to be the `` world 's policeman , '' so let them if they insist . 
  military power is irrelevant among the great powers . 
  economic interdependence and nuclear weapons have all but made war among these countries collectively undesirable . 
  as such , military assets are really only necessary for relief efforts and domestic issues . 
  in 10 or 20 years , the us is going to be courting the eu to step up its defensive efforts due to the rise of china . 
  it is imperative that the eu does not fall down that path , or it risks poisoning its political culture and threatening its way of life . 
  the era of the superpower is coming to a close , and the return of multiple great powers is imminent . 
  this century will be dominated by the us , eu , and china . 
  war among any of these entities is damn near impossible , but should it happen , then there is very little hope left for humanity . 
  frankfurt and vienna are the only ones with more than 1 million people . 
  that 's because liam neeson is too busy fighting human traffickers in eastern europe to police the streets of detroit . 
  i will claim ignorance regarding the similarities and differences between australian/new zealander ( ? ), 
  culture and british culture . 
  even if they are close , i can think of no others that are . 
  canada is sure as hell a lot more like the us than britain . 
  africa and south asia are about as far from british culture as you can get . 
  the fact that britain is physically removed from the continent has ensured a different path of cultural development . 
  britain has for a thousand years been relatively safe from the threat of invasion . 
  the rest of continental europe was not so fortunate . 
  the perpetual destruction the continent faced produced many kingdoms and empires that attempted to subdue their neighbors partly in a bid to produce a lasting peace ( under their rule , of course ) . 
  this failed miserably . 
  integration and education saved europe from warfare more than anything else . 
  britain 's experience in the past millennium has been largely shaped by the fact that it is a bunch of islands . 
  edit : sorry for going off on a tangent . 
  where are they fighting in the last commercial , mars ? 
  because if so , then i want to join the airforce . 
  that is fucking hideous . 
  ich know some of these words . 
  i hear this argument all the time . 
  while it is true that britain is noticeably different from continental europe , it is still much closer to it than any of its former colonies and territories . 
  america is very unique among the developed world for many reasons ( religiosity , military spending , two-party system . 
  canada is very similar to the united states in most regards . 
  australia is physically very far removed from most of the developed world , and has never really been in a position to be a relevant power ( whereas canada 's influence is inflated because of its proximity to the united states ) . 
  britain has been a prominent world power for around 500 years . 
  britain 's history as one of the world 's leading countries is ingrained into british culture . 
  forgive me if i doubt that the majority of the british populace is willing to give up their role as an influential country . 
  if they truly were the majority , then britain would have abandoned those aspirations a long time ago . 
  yet british politicians from all parties continue to promote britain as an influential global player . 
  if the majority of the british electorate was okay to just pack up their bags and forget about the rest of the world , their political culture would have shown it by now . 
  it is my belief that the euroskepticism that permeates britain 's political culture is largely a result of a lingering sense of nationalism that , on the continent , has been gradually dying and supplanted with pan-european identification . 
  this is due to the difference in the wartime experiences between the continent and britain . 
  continental europe emerged from the war physically ruined . 
  britain emerged as relatively better off , though bankrupt and clearly surpassed in status by the united states and the soviet union . 
  the special relationship gives the uk an advantage over countries like france , but something that most brits do n't understand is that americans do n't really feel the same away about the relationship . 
  it is one we take for granted .
