   yeah , because they , unlike the rest of those smug hypocrites on the continent ( except poland ) , are real allies , not whining moochers who enjoy all the benefits of the stability brought to them by the american military while moaning about how uncouth we are and refusing to help when we ask . 
  i 'm assuming you 're taking aim at the european countries that did n't invade iraq with us . 
  romania , estonia , bulgaria , moldova , albania , ukraine , denmark , the czech republic , fyrom , latvia , armenia , georgia , azerbaijan , slovakia , lithuania , italy , norway . 
  hungary , the netherlands , portugal , and spain all had a military presence in iraq at some point . 
  that basically leaves only france and germany . 
  the french did n't agree with the invasion because it was not internationally sanctioned . 
  additionally , the french , who developed their own nuclear arsenal so as not to be dependent on american security , are moochers , in addition to being spineless ? 
  and what choice does germany have ? 
  even seventy years after world war two , they get shit for any sort of military involvement . 
  ( `` i told you he was still nazi . '' ), 
  do n't forget that the only time article 5 of the north atlantic treaty was invoked was after 9/11 . 
  how did our whining , mooching friends and allies show their solidarity with us ? 
  by invading afghanistan and staying for more than a decade . 
   vacuums are dangerous and unstable . 
  america could pull its troops out of europe and ignore europe entirely , and things might be okay , but they might also turn ugly , fast . 
  we do n't know , but leaving geopolitical vacuums is almost always a stupid idea . 
  how could they possibly turn ugly ? 
  there is no country that could roll through europe with tanks and planes . 
  not even the united states . 
  europe does n't have great offensive capabilities , but their defensive capabilities are top notch . 
  besides that , there is no geopolitical vacuum in europe . 
  the eu is a fairly strong entity in its own right . 
   maybe they 're less afraid than states of attacking us , but it 's simply wrong to say that our policy of blowing terrorist leaders and followers to oblivion has n't dissuaded a good many people from following in their footsteps . 
  nobody is under any illusions about what the response from the united states will be to any attack : we will find you , we will kill you , and we will not give up before we do . 
  there 's always a bottom to the barrel of potential terrorists , and that barrel gets shallower and shallower as long as we make it incredibly obvious that attacks on us will a ) not be successful , and b ) be met with swift and terrible vengeance . 
  i did n't say our counter-terrorism policy has n't dissuaded potential terrorists from action . 
  we seem to be in agreement on this issue . 
   we do have a burden to bear , and most americans at some level believe that we do , because we continue to vote for people who say that . 
  we have a burden to bear because we believe ourselves to be burdened with a responsibility to lead the world . 
  self-imposed burdens are still burdens . 
  i can agree with this . 
  would n't the best solution be to realize that there is no burden to bear , instead of getting europe to share and perpetuate this nonexistent burden ? 
   oh no , i most definitely mentioned that : a tiny operation in a nearby country i 'll give you that it 's nearby , but there are n't really any troubling areas in the world outside of north africa and the middle east - conveniently located nearby europe . 
  so far it the operation in mali seems to have been appropriately sized . 
  the days are long gone where france can subjugate a large country indefinitely . 
  even american policy has shifted from being able to fight two wars , to fighting one and being able to deter another . 
  the relative power of the west is continuing to decline . 
  the french have certainly learned to pick and choose their battles more wisely than the us or britain . 
  a welshman . 
  i 'd ask how his sheep are . 
  i 'm actually part of the defense department 's new program to protect innocent europeans from threats on the internet . 
  america saves the day yet again !, 
   sorry we spent the last six decades prepared to spill considerable amounts of blood and treasure to prevent the russkies from occupying the rest of your self-righteous continent you seem to forget that the nature of relationships among great powers underwent a fundamental transformation in the post-war era . 
  nuclear weapons and economic interdependence have provided a strong deterrent for great powers from warring with each other . 
  there was never a strong enough incentive for the soviets to invade western europe after the uk and france developed their own nuclear capabilities . 
  related is the common belief held among americans that nato kept europe at peace throughout the cold war ( the american media was vociferously adamant about this when the eu was awarded the nobel peace prize ) . 
  nato was as responsible for keeping the peace as the triple entente and triple alliance were for keeping the peace in their time . 
  military alliances alone have never been effective keepers of the peace . 
   you 've summarily squandered your ability to mount any sort of competent military response to anything beyond a tiny operation in a nearby country . 
  why should europeans spent exorbitant sums of money on defense when 1 . the us is more than willing and able to do so , and 2 . there is no existential threat to europe since the end of the cold war ? 
  you also disregarded the current french operation in mali . 
   someone has to provide for your defense , and since europeans ( aside from the british , who retain a spine ) have decided that it 's not going to be themselves , we have to do it to maintain the balance of power . 
  many europeans would argue that recent british behavior is evidence of their spineless defense policy , in which they eagerly submit to american authority . 
  if anything , france is the strongest american ally that has a spine : they 've never been afraid to stand up to us and tell us when we 're wrong . 
   we have to do it to maintain the balance of power . 
  balance of power with what ? 
  we 've lived in a unipolar world for the past two decades . 
  only now is china presenting some sort of threat to the global order , yet they 're still decades behind the us militarily , and have much more of a stake in the global order and stability than the soviet union ever did . 
   yes , there 's a lot of waste in us military funding , but the impenetrable shield that it gives us and , more importantly , our allies is worth it . 
  nobody even bothers attacking anyone who has a military alliance with us because they do n't want to be blown to kingdom come . 
  except that the major military response of the west in the past decade has been to combat terrorist networks and groups , which are ** not ** afraid of attacking stronger opponents because they are not states . 
  the american military does provide a lot of stability for global trade routes , disaster and relief aid , et cetera , but to suggest that we have a supposed burden to bear that requires enormous amounts of money at the expense of other services is naive . 
  france never really experienced the population boom that other countries did when they industrialized . 
  they 're just making up for lost time . 
  it 's still amazing to me that the united states and europe can be so different . 
  i 've gotten used to reading news articles like this and smiling , but it saddens me that they never originate in my home country . 
  good on you europe for focusing so much on improving your citizens ' quality of life . 
  i raise you `` our president 's birth certificate was falsified . '', 
  this makes him appear more prime ministerial than like a party leader . 
  i applaud him for at least trying to steer his party in the right direction ( on some issues ) . 
  the tories are looking increasingly fractious ; it 's not implausible to suggest a major internal ideological struggle will occur within this decade . 
  it 's happened before to each of britain 's major parties . 
  the concern is whether it does damage to the country . 
  well done britain . 
  it 's a shame that many of the tories are so backward thinking . 
  still , gay marriage in california would be quite an accomplishment . 
  edit : it seems difficult to argue that the particular way they went about with prop 8 is illegal only under california law , since it was a ballot measure like any else . 
  the difference in this case is that one side is arguing that it is a violation of a minority groups ' rights . 
  the court can not reasonably argue that the california people can not ban gay marriage , but its legislature can . 
  i think the outcome of this case will probably have wider ramifications than for california alone , by establishing some sort of federal precedent . 
  the justices surely must know that this issue will remain if gay marriage is not legalized across the country . 
  the attention that this case is going to get will only serve to increase its importance within american democracy and history . 
  call me an optimist , but i think the court will establish denying gay marriage as unconstitutional . 
  i 'm no constitutional scholar , but it seems hard to argue that states ' rights would matter if the supreme court says that california can not ban gay marriage . 
  it would in effect be a legal precedent for the other 49 states as well , would it not ? 
  it would , in essence , legalize gay marriage at the federal level . 
  i think kennedy will be convinced by the court 's liberal wing to support an overturn of prop 8 . 
  [ the supreme court is hearing two cases on gay marriage this year . ], 
  ( http://www.nytimes.com/2012/12/08/us/supreme-court-agrees-to-hear-two-cases-on-gay-marriage.html?_r=0 ), 
  typically the 4x200m , but they 've been practicing for the 4x100m . 
  i 'm so hungry now . 
  luca/lucas/luka seems to be a very popular name across the continent . 
  21 to go britain . 
  nope . 
  we 're too stubbornly proud . 
  [ fairly relevant . 
  ] ( http://www.colbertnation.com/the-colbert-report-videos/423205/january-24-2013/france---the-mali-conflict ), 
  keep kicking ass france . 
  not surprising , since a lot of the french see them as an obstacle to integration and french influence in the eu . 
  yea , de gaulle is an interesting figure .
