  most people have a general political ideology that roughly corresponds with a specific party . 
  they then vote for people from that party . 
  that 's why if you had any doubts about what a leave vote would mean , you should have voted remain . 
  people were clamoring for an in or out referendum for decades . 
  they got one . 
  accept the consequences or have a new referendum . 
   yes , yes , i totally agree with you , but it does n't have to be the majority . 
  i refuse to believe it , i have too much trust in humanity . 
  italy is one clear example , we 're the only country in europe where a far-right party was n't able gain more than 5-10 % of the votes at the last elections . 
  even though we 're one of the most affected by the refugee crisis and the economic crisis . 
  never say never . 
  i also did n't think 46 % of the american electorate would fall for a far-right populist , but here we are . 
   i really doubt it will . 
  but remember we really believed the great war was the war to end all wars . 
  nuclear weapons are a gamechanger . 
  a full-scale nuclear war will destroy human civilization . 
  the technology to do that did n't exist in 1914 or 1939 . 
   the problem was that people did n't vote over brexit , much like in italy , they voted against the government . 
  this just illustrates why direct democracy has generally been considered a bad thing for millennia . 
  the referendum should never have been held . 
   and that 's why it 's our duty to promote discussion and celebrate factual information . 
  we do n't want to apply long-term solutions to short-term problems . 
  there will * always * be people that are easily manipulated . 
  it 's hard-coded into some people . 
  we will never have a society where everyone is capable of critical thinking . 
  this is a long-term problem , not a short-term one . 
   easy solutions create more problems . 
  i 'd rather stay as far as we can from nuclear war as i can . 
  appeasement is an easy solution that creates more problems . 
  furthermore , why are you so quick to assume that any punitive measure against a nuclear power will escalate to nuclear war ? 
  no nuclear power is stupid enough to wage war against another nuclear power over something as relatively significant as economic sanctions . 
  look at north korea . 
  they literally let millions of their own people starve to death rather than fight those who could destroy them . 
  the same is true of the us-russia relationship . 
  in a nuclear war , no one wins . 
  there is literally nothing to be gained from striking first . 
  the falklands belong to kyrgyzstan . 
   this happens every general election . 
  it is part of being in a democracy . 
  a general election is to elect representatives who then make laws and policy decisions because normal people ca n't be expected to be knowledgeable enough on every issue . 
  the referendum was a direct popular vote on a specific policy . 
  they are two fundamentally different democratic exercises . 
  here 's the thing i do n't understand about blaming the referendum for being too vague . 
  it was a simple choice that people had wanted for years and was eventually promised by cameron : in or out of the eu ? 
  the referendum did n't give other options like eea membership , revert to wto rules etc. 
  based on the referendum , hard brexit should be the natural conclusion . 
  the majority of voters voted to leave the club , which means they should give up all of the club 's benefits and responsibilities . 
  if there were people who voted to leave , but still wanted to remain in the single market , they should have voted differently . 
  tough shit , i say . 
  it is absolutely something we should be worried about . 
  there will always be people more susceptible to manipulation than others . 
  it is n't really a problem that can be fixed by looking inward . 
  it 's easier to take punitive action against another state or organization than to convince millions of people why and how they 're being misled . 
  russia should not be let off the hook . 
  maybe he should change it to butthurt gypsies . 
  good morning , comrade !, 
   the children of britain owe a great deal to the men and women who refused the currency of stagnation . 
  i ca n't tell if this is satire . 
   i was simply pointing out that the uk should aim to do the right thing rather than to do something which is popular , when these two things conflict . 
  and what we 're saying is that what 's `` right '' is entirely subjective . 
  for example , i think the right thing for the uk to do would be to ignore the referendum result and stay in the eu , even though it would be unpopular . 
   in my experience , the french tend to get quite embarrassed about their accent when speaking english . 
  most of the french people i know feel the same way . 
  the us has supported british membership in the eu for decades . 
  that is still true as i write this comment . 
  trump does n't change the past when he becomes president . 
  and trump is n't president yet . 
  the us has always supported british membership in the eu . 
  it is n't exclusive to obama . 
   the uk has always preferred cooperation with the us over cooperation with its european partners . 
  brexit is the logical conclusion . 
  which is funny because we wanted them to stay in the eu . 
  the uk is objectively less useful to us outside it . 
  itt : the trump youth . 
  the french revolution is responsible for many of the most fundamental characteristics of modern society , not only in the west , but the entire world . 
  it is the focal point for the development of both total war and nearly all modern political ideologies , including liberalism , fascism , communism , and nationalism , all of which came to a head in world war ii . 
  the fact that democracy is as widespread as it is today is due to the french revolution accelerating the democratization of europe , and by proxy , its colonies . 
  the french revolution also greatly expanded the concept of human rights ; abolitionism , feminism , secularism , and universal suffrage all have many of their roots in the french revolution . 
  it advanced the our modern understandings of individual liberty , equality , and justice . 
  you are severely underestimating the importance of the french revolution . 
  it was a landmark moment in human history , and is on the same level of importance as the norman conquest of england . 
  do n't get me wrong , world war ii is one of the most important events in history , but the ideals of the french revolution not only weathered it , but make up the overwhelmingly majority of the world 's political ideologies to this very day . 
  but i do n't have a tv . 
  i wish i was browsing reddit on my tv from the comfort of my couch . 
  i do n't disagree , but the french revolution is directly responsible for the emergence of the political ideologies that were necessary for the world wars to happen in the first place . 
  any respectable historian will tell you that the french revolution was more important than either of the world wars . 
   facebook , microsoft , google , apple et alii may look like a revolution , but they are n't driving a revolution on par with what happened between the 19th century and the 1970s ( cars , trains , planes , oil industry , pharmaceuticals and chemistry , phones , indoor plumbing everywhere , electricity , fridges etc. ) . 
  facebook , microsoft , google , and apple are products of the information age/revolution in global communications and computing . 
  they 're more comparable to specific brands of cars like ford , honda , and bmw than they are to cars in general . 
  i 'd argue that 2016 looks far more different from 1976 than 1976 does from 1936 . 
  the internet and computers are comparable to the printing press and steam engine . 
  this is one of the main problems i have with modern implementations of capitalism . 
  it is n't just for a corporation to become so integral to the economy that its failure is unacceptable . 
  it 's anathema to the very concept of capitalism and promotes risk-taking that other people and smaller business are not able to afford . 
  it 's an uneven playing field . 
  1871 was a mistake . 
  but they speak spanish in those countries . 
  everything country of america speaks spanish . 
  \\  iceland \\  not europe, 
  more than that , the french revolution shaped the modern world .
