  the kind of rhetoric employed by far-right movements across the western world is incredibly reminiscent of the far-right movements of the 1930s . 
  opposing free trade agreements may be one of the few things that the populist left and far-right have in common . 
  that does n't mean that the overwhelming majority of populism is n't on the far-right . 
  trump and the alt-reich , ukip , fn , and afd are all very firmly on the far-right . 
  no , i fully understand that . 
  i just do n't understand why the natural reaction is to lurch to the far-right when the left has been railing about these very same issues and proposing solutions for decades . 
  you 'd think think they 'd have some more credibility given that wealth inequality has always been the left 's main issue . 
   the children of the illegal immigrants are punished not by the govenment but by the parents who made the choice to cross the border illegally . 
  that 's a great justification to shit on innocent kids . 
  do sons bear the sins of their fathers ? 
  why should the children of illegal immigrants be punished ? 
  besides , surely every human being residing in a country deserves a minimum level of education . 
  if not , then at best you get a permanent underclass in society . 
  it 's so disheartening to see this happen . 
  why do people turn against each other so easily , during a time of relative peace and prosperity ? 
  all of the far-right movements , past and present , pin societal problems on scapegoats rather than face them honestly . 
  i wonder if something as seemingly insignificant as growing up watching star trek was the reason their rhetoric does n't appeal to me in the slightest . 
  xenophobia , racism , and anti-immigrant sentiment was n't nearly this heated in the west 10 years ago . 
  i 'm sure it was always there , under the surface , but now it 's out in the open after being validated by political success through brexit , trump and the alt-reich , and far-right parties in europe . 
  you misunderstand the definition of borders in this context . 
  borders are more than just physical boundaries , and freedom of movement does n't refer only to schengen . 
  an american firm in seattle ca n't hire a canadian citizen living in winnipeg as easily as it can hire another american because of all the paperwork involved for both the company and the individual in question . 
  this is an issue that arises because of borders . 
  the us and canada do not have freedom of movement . 
  a german company based in berlin can hire a french person living in paris as pretty much as easily as it can hire a german person living in munich . 
  this is what one of those issues that only exists because of borders . 
  freedom of movement creates an eu-wide labor pool , and gives those workers the right to live and work anywhere within the eu . 
   no one is talking about erecting borders that do n't already exist . 
  after leaving the eu , british citizens will not have the freedom of movement that allows them to look for work in germany as easily as a frenchman can . 
  this is a border issue because you have a different set of rules in two distinct political jurisdictions - the uk and the eu . 
   indeed , for everyone saying that free trade must mean complete freedom of movement you do n't need freedom of movement for free trade . 
  you need it for the single market . 
  borders are one of the biggest non-tariff obstacles to trade and economic activity . 
  saying you do n't need freedom of movement to have the single market is like saying you do n't need to get rid of tariffs to have a free trade agreement . 
  it defeats the entire purpose . 
  no , we already tried that . 
  you get extra points for originality . 
  i have zero reservations claiming that western culture is superior to most other major cultures . 
  it is open , free , and tolerant , and has produced the world 's richest and most powerful societies . 
  western culture is also not bound to a specific ethnic , racial , or religious group , like most other cultures . 
  its roots are in christian europe , yes , but it has become multi-ethnic , multi-racial , and multi-religious . 
  we can talk about how western culture permeates countries with radically different demographics like estonia , the united states , and japan . 
  modern western culture is something to be proud of , because any human being can assimilate in to it . 
  the same can not be said for just about any other culture . 
  your example of western decline is something that happened over 500 years ago . 
  well , they would be wrong , because the west is the most powerful and richest civilization the world has ever known . 
  which is a reason why the west can make the claim that its culture is morally superior in the first place . 
   ethnic replacement , growing religious tension , culture clashes and costing the tax payers millions is not a good thing . 
  this happens regardless of sheltering refugees . 
  look at the racist hyperbole in britain against romanians , bulgarians , and poles . 
  they 're white , christian , and , on average , more productive members of society than the british , but are still vilified by a portion of the population . 
  people will always latch on to any excuse to justify their hate . 
  if 300,000 refugees causes european society to self-destruct then it was n't the actual cause . 
  what a healthy dose of empathy . 
  most of these people are actual refugees , not economic migrants , fleeing active warzones . 
  god help you if you were in their place . 
  i agree , but i think it 's because people conflate the single market with a free trade area , like nafta . 
  there is a significant split within the government about whether the uk should seek to remain part of the single market or pursue hard brexit , which would see them outside the single market . 
  may seems intent on hard brexit , which means an fta becomes the best possible trade deal for the uk . 
  it is impossible to be part of the single market without transcribing a lot of european laws into national law , accepting the four freedoms , and paying into the eu 's coffers . 
  it is possible to have an fta with the eu without any of those things . 
  single market \u2260 a free trade area a free trade area removes or reduces tariff barriers to trade . 
  a single market removes or reduces non-tariff barriers to trade ( e.g. 
  divergent laws and regulations ) . 
  the single market includes a free trade area in the same way the internal american economy includes a free trade area ( goods traded between new york and new jersey are not subject to tariffs ) . 
  the single market is governed by common laws and regulations . 
  sovereignty was one of the major reasons people voted to leave the eu . 
  the uk was not the only country writing those laws and regulations . 
  once outside of the single market , the uk can create laws and regulations governing its own economy without the input of the rest of the eu . 
  you will have access to the single market to the extent that other third countries do , like the us or china , but you will not be part of the single market . 
  the best access you can hope for while not being part of the single market is a free trade agreement with the eu . 
  people often mistakenly associate one 's level of education with their level of political knowledge . 
  a cardiologist is obviously highly educated and knowledgeable in that specific field , but at no point in pursuing a medical degree do you learn about political theory or 18th century european history . 
  a couple of major reasons : cities are hubs of academia , which tends to be left-leaning . 
  cities have more industries and jobs that require a very specialized or high level of education . 
  people with post-graduate or higher levels of education tend to be left-leaning . 
  cities benefit more from public spending on infrastructure than rural areas , and those benefits are more visible ( e.g. 
  subways , buses , bridges etc ) . 
  cities are cosmopolitan , where individuals are far more exposed to other cultures , ways of thinking , living etc. 
  hey , you do n't need to convince me . 
  humanity is my tribe . 
   open markets would have been to let evey mega-corp to die from it 's own mistakes . 
  this is the single biggest issue i have with the modern implementation of capitalism . 
  it is n't easy enough to fail once you 've made it , whether you 're a corporation or an individual . 
  once you 're wealthy , you have access to new resources that small businesses and ordinary people do n't , and it only helps you consolidate your wealth . 
  obviously there are some parts of the economy that are too important to just let fail , like finance , but those corporations should never have been allowed to become too big to fail in the first place . 
  a common existential threat seems like the only way . 
  i think the general consensus now is that dogs also domesticated themselves . 
  technically , germany did n't end the experiment . 
   reason everyone thinks it will be americans that will take us all into space is because americans have spent the last 50 years making thousands of films where nasa is the central organization of space exploration and nasa astronauts are the main characters . 
  while i agree , it 's also due to the fact that everyone already knows that nasa is easily the world 's premier space agency by an enormous margin . 
  i ca n't speak much to hollande 's domestic policies , but i did appreciate his foreign and eu policies . 
  i would have been ok with him running again , but not if it means le pen has a better shot at winning . 
  this is literally a wall between israel and palestine , not around them . 
   around israel-palestine, 
  the only solution is to build a wall around israel-palestine and make god pay for it . 
   it certainly will not make the eu stronger . 
  stronger as in more integrated . 
  for example , an eu with a common armed forces sans uk is stronger than an eu without a common armed forces , but with the uk . 
   it might make france more powerful within the eu but if france does anything with that power the eu will become less stable .
