  we were also friends with you before you even joined the eu and we did n't have so much as a free trade agreement then . 
  amazing . 
  a federalist is never going to give in to any of britain 's demands that undermine any part of the eu . 
  i made that comment because a good portion of your country has deluded itself into thinking it can remain a part of the single market without accepting freedom of movement , or that the uk deserves favorable trade deals with the eu and us simply because they 're friends . 
  furthermore , actually leaving the eu is only going to accelerate britain 's decline , so good job , i guess . 
  so is holding a public referendum to leave the eu and then not leaving . 
  brexit will finally be the wake-up call to the people that think britain is still the power it once was . 
  i hope that that brexit humbles britain so that when it rejoins the eu it will be fully committed to the project rather than keeping one foot out of the door . 
  god help us all if this time next year the uk has begun formal negotiations to leave the eu , and le pen and trump are presidents of their respective countries . 
  eu membership is more powerful than spending an extra ~ .2 % of gdp on defense . 
  almost no countries actually wanted the uk to leave the eu . 
  not everything the west does is because we 're out to get russia . 
  let 's also not pretend like the uk leaving the eu is n't good news for russia . 
  most eu funding in the uk was actually used to employ factory workers to straighten the curves in bananas . 
  yea , there is a false equivalence being displayed here . 
  til the north pole is in hungary . 
  i disagree . 
  the concentration camps are an important part of world history , not just german or polish history . 
  you ca n't visit auschwitz in canada , so if you 're in poland , you should visit it . 
  what sort of stats does it have ? 
   you 're wit nice flair btw . 
  you 're right , but only just . 
  47 % of the uk 's exports go to the eu and 54 % of its imports come from the eu . 
  that makes the eu its single most important trading partner by a huge margin . 
  the remaining 53 % of british exports and 46 % of imports cover pretty much every other country on the planet . 
  source : https://www.ons.gov.uk/economy/nationalaccounts/balanceofpayments/bulletins/uktrade/mar2016, 
  the worst part about the brexit referendum was that you guys did n't vote to leave earth as well . 
  a plurality of trade of any single european country is with the combined eu . 
  good thing france has the best trade deal with all of them . 
  shame the uk is giving it up . 
  are we supposed to pretend that the uk leaving the eu is n't the biggest political shakeup in europe since the fall of the soviet union ? 
  its fallout is affecting all areas of european politics . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  we elected him twice . 
  he represents americans more than may or cameron could ever claim to represent brits . 
  the british empire is stronger than ever now that almost every single colony has left !, 
  after thousands of years of searching , we are still no closer to discovering the elusive west and east poles . 
  these may prove to be the most dangerous . 
  you are now a moderator of / r/murica . 
  thank you for your service . 
  this is about as close as she will ever get to admitting she made a mistake . 
  do n't get me wrong , but this is actually pretty clever . 
  lord knows i 've made crude jokes and dark/shock humor comics . 
  the weird thing about dark humor is judging how much time has passed since a tragedy before it becomes more appropriate or acceptable to joke about . 
  it 's never easy to get it right . 
  this comic , however , was probably made to be deliberately provocative . 
  the polls were closer , but the betting markets were 90-10 for remain the day before the vote . 
  source : i lost $ 50 betting on remain winning . 
  that 's why russia has been expanding its influence in the arctic and drilling into lake vostok in antarctica . 
  they 're trying to deter the north and south poles from attacking . 
  yea , the quality of our internet infrastructure seems pretty random . 
  i used to live in the east bay , not too far from silicon valley itself , and comcast 's shitty 20mbps cable was the best in town . 
  conversely , kansas city has google fiber . 
  i live in nyc now and i have a 100mbps cable connection , but my friends who live in a building less than a mile away have a much faster fiberoptic connection . 
  well , we do have one of the best freight rail systems in the world , as well as a shitload of airports and a fantastic interstate highway system . 
  our local roads and bridges suck , and public transport effectively does n't exist outside of a handful of major cities . 
  which was the same figure the bookies had the leave campaign at the day prior to the referendum . 
  i still doubt trump will win , however . 
   whats the point in having them if you say you wo n't use them . 
  because a country that is confident in its conventional power or ability to deter aggression without nuclear weapons has no need to threaten their use . 
  china and india , for example , do not face existential threats , and have large enough militaries so as to be conventionally superior to all but two or three other states . 
  they would also be ridiculously hard to invade and/or occupy given their physical size and population . 
  furthermore , mad only exists between the us and russia . 
  every other nuclear power only has a nuclear deterrent . 
  save for the aforementioned two , all nuclear powers have stockpiles that are too small , as well as disparities in delivery systems and countermeasures to achieve mad with each other . 
  exactly . 
  ukraine , syria , and the south china sea are today 's hotspots for tension among the great powers . 
  it 's easy to take a hands off approach to areas of the world that do n't matter or do n't directly affect your national interests . 
  it 's harder to take a stance on the issues that risk blowing up in your face , but that 's why we elect leaders , not followers . 
  yes , but has n't the general consensus been that united russia has always been popular enough to win outright even without electoral manipulation ? 
  the kremlin 's control of the media seems more important than actually fudging the vote . 
  they can set the entire narrative . 
   meanwhile , even united russia 's falling rating still puts it far ahead of the other parliamentary parties and the race 's nominally independent candidates , ensuring that the kremlin will maintain its control in parliament , regardless . 
  most important part of the article . 
  the opposition in russia has two major problems . 
  first is that it is fractured among a lot of different parties . 
  second is that some of these parties are either deliberately fabricated or tolerated by the kremlin to give an illusion of democratic choice and strengthen united russia 's democratic mandate . 
  historically , the only real and significant opposition party since the fall of the soviet union has been the communist party , and even it has been accused on occasion of being a puppet . 
  when russia sends its people , they 're not sending they 're best . 
  they 're bringing krokodil . 
  they 're bringing frozen ethnic conflicts . 
  they 're hooligans . 
  and some , i assume , are good people . 
  a giant waterpark . 
   every time i read about space , its known and guessed properties and its exploration i get the feeling how irrelevant and petty human struggles are . 
  this is how i cope with mediocrity in life . 
  i remember reading something years ago that showed that seismic activity in and around the black sea/anatolia has been slowly trending closer toward istanbul over the past several centuries . 
  i ca n't imagine what kind of damage a big one could do to a city that large . 
  this is the biggest news all week . 
  ikea employs 96 % of swedish citizens . 
  the other 4 % are made into meatballs . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/file:employment_rates_of_recent_graduates_ ( aged_20 % e2 % 80 % 9334 ) _ not_in_education_and_training , _ 2015 _ ( % c2 % b9 ) _ ( % 25 ) . png, 
  and greenland ? 
  damn finns just want a more efficient way to buy cheap booze . 
  yes , me too . 
  please send $ 500 euro . 
  yes , i know . 
  thanks . 
  ok , but that is n't what you voted on . 
  we literally already do this with every form of taxation .
