  you had influence in brussels , but you threw it all away . 
  your economy is barely larger than california 's . 
  stop living in the 19th century . 
  englishmen furiously convincing themselves they are n't also yuros . 
  what is it like to live in a constant state of fear ? 
  the cynic in me wants to think this is a prelude to testing nato 's resolve , but an actual accident seems more likely , given that they happen all the time in war . 
  on a side note , i do n't understand why some people think windfarms are ugly . 
  i think they look cool as fuck . 
  is it possible to learn this power ? 
  privyet comrade !, 
  i 'm open to it , but i 'd like to know if public opinion supports the idea first . 
  maybe we should take a poll . 
  a little more than a decade ago , turkey was held up by the west as an example of a successful , modern , and secular muslim-majority state . 
  then erdogan and the akp showed their true colors . 
  suicide by two poison pills to the back of the head is how most animals die . 
  true , but there are numerous configurations of `` europe '' that increasingly small subsets of the population would prefer . 
  75 % of people not supporting a federal europe does n't mean that every single one of them means they support the eec . 
  [ here 's the most recent eurobarometer data i can find . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb/eb81/eb81_publ_en.pdf ) it does n't look like they 've asked this same question since 2014 . 
  41 % agree that the eu should develop into a federation of nation states . 
  i assume it 's fallen since then given the migrant crisis . 
  from what i recall as a student , support for a federal europe of sorts has hovered around 25 % for about two decades , but of course this is just from my memory . 
  i 'm going to ignore the vast majority of your comment because it 's riddled with veiled personal attacks . 
   maybe if you have some logical arguments that actually follow about why you think the nation state model is dead , i 'd certainly listen and consider it as many others would too . 
  the nation-state model in europe is dead because the continent 's politics and economy are dominated by a supranational organization . 
  there is n't any other region on the planet that has a comparable organization . 
  it 's abundantly self-evident . 
  i said so as much in my previous comment . 
  i do n't know how to make it any clearer than that . 
  by the way , just reading through your past comments , you sometimes claim to be american and sometimes claim to be european , but your english writing is too poor to be a native english speaker . 
  based on this and your past comments in this sub and others , largely pushing anti-eu and anti-clinton rhetoric , i 'm going to assume you 're a troll , professional or otherwise . 
   it 's not superiority to not want to be ruled by a foreign government . 
  the eu is n't a foreign government . 
  your country has representatives in it . 
   i say this to an american , how would you feel if nafta ( an organisation you joined for trade ) suddenly became a political union ? 
  i 'd be cool with this . 
  you 're asking the wrong dude . 
  i 'm in favor of an eventual global federal government . 
   it would never happen . 
  because americans , above all else , value dignity , their values and most of all their constitution . 
  no , it would never happen because we are rabidly nationalist , have a fair share of people who hate mexicans for no reason , and because we have little to gain from a political union with two much weaker states that would serve only as a brake on our power . 
   it 's such a shame that the once great nations states of europe , such as greece , where fucking democracy and civilisation was born , are now crippled at the hands of a bloated corporatist supranational organisation . 
  civilization also arose in the fertile crescent , not greece , and did so thousands of years before greece existed . 
  greece was a poor and largely agrarian economy before it joined the eu . 
  structural and regional funds turned it into a developed economy . 
  furthermore , its economic crisis was precipitated by its own government 's corruption and negligence , not by the eu . 
  it was an added impetus for integration , but the stated goal of the ecsc was to make war materially impossible among its members . 
  look up the schuman declaration . 
  there are like a half dozen other eu members that have all of those things . 
  it seems to me that the defining distinction between them and britain is the latter 's false sense of superiority , as if britain is the moral authority on any of the things you mentioned . 
  why is that a precondition to getting rid of the nation-state ? 
  subnational legislatures are exceedingly common . 
  bavaria is not a nation-state , yet it has a legislature . 
   the current order was imposed on them at gunpoint by americans and soviets . 
  the soviet imposed order has been gone for 25 years . 
  the us did n't impose a pan-european order at gunpoint . 
  we gave europe a bunch of cash and supported their efforts to integrate their economies to prevent another war among them and to stand as a bulwark against the eastern bloc . 
  brexit is not the beginning . 
  brexit is the logical conclusion of many britons ' sense of superiority . 
  britain has always been the odd man out in the eu . 
  there has never been a bloc of countries that have lined up behind the uk in the eu the way they do behind france or germany . 
   individualism , liberty , natural rights , contractual government and constitutional monarchy are incompatible and alien to the european project . 
  lol, 
  about a quarter of europeans support a federal european state . 
  you do n't speak for everyone . 
  the eu 's predecessors have existed since the 1950s and there has been a consistent trend of expansion and deepening over time . 
  the nation-state model is dead in europe . 
  economic and political cooperation is the only way for them to stay relevant in a world where bigger countries are no longer dirt poor backwaters . 
  it will still be here in 25 years , maybe even processing the uk 's application . 
  i think that figure is for putin personally . 
  the economy has gone on vacation . 
  the foreign policy establishment in the us is very pro-eu , because it 's a powerful and useful ally and major trade partner . 
  why the far-right has become opposed to it , i honestly ca n't answer . 
  maybe they do n't like it because they perceive it as a left-wing hellscape full of muslims . 
  or like the bachelor , we can call it * the special relationship . 
  trump can barely put a coherent sentence together , and was frequently unable to actually answer any policy questions in debates , interviews , etc. 
  he constantly talks about himself , and at inappropriate times . 
  what exactly is to be gained from boasting about his electoral performance on a call with the australian prime minister ? 
  i do n't know how anyone can possibly think he 's an intelligent man . 
  one of the few things he is clearly extremely good at is attracting media attention , which was one of the major contributing factors to his victory . 
  trump is the culmination of the rhetoric republicans have been spouting for decades about how government is the problem , christians are being unfairly maligned , gays are desecrating marriage , illegal immigrants are destroying america and stealing jobs and taxpayer money , how not using the term `` radical islamist terrorism '' makes us less safe , how liberals are smug , effete know-it-alls , and abortion is legalized murder . 
  do n't underestimate how strongly people in the red parts of this country feel about these things . 
  people in positions of authority that they trust have been telling them this stuff for decades , and they believe it , regardless of whether it is the objective truth . 
  while the west coast and northeast are fairly comparable with european values and political culture , the reddest parts of this country truly are another world entirely . 
  let 's also not forget that 54 % of the vote went to people other than trump . 
  the quirks of our electoral system thrust him into power with a minority of the vote . 
  his victory was an anomaly to begin with . 
  in most other democracies ' electoral system , he would have been a loser and largely forgotten by now . 
   fair points , and i was n't comparing italy to russia in terms of `` power '' . 
   just feels strange the willingness trump supporters have to turn on nato , wanting to see eu fail etc in exchange for what today is just a ghost of the soviet union . 
  yea , i do n't get it either . 
  the eu is a more powerful ally in almost every regard other than the fact that it does n't have a unified military ( although the us has n't supported that for decades ) . 
  our cultural proximity also provides a kinship that we do n't have with russia . 
  bush was n't soft on nato or the eu , nor did he cozy up to russia the way trump is doing . 
  while trump 's style of governing is to just shoot from the hip , he has been remarkably consistent over his relatively isolationist foreign policy . 
  the size of an economy is only one of many factors relevant to a state 's power . 
  russia 's power comes from its powerful armed forces , which are second only to the united states , its massive land area and natural sources , and its willingness to flagrantly violate international norms . 
  italy has none of those things . 
  russia is not a superpower , but it is clearly one of only two countries powerful enough ( the other being china ) that can even consider challenging the west . 
  i think the american right 's newfound obsession with russia is more to due with the fact their own ideology has become so far to the right that it is n't too different from putin 's russia .
