   more would recognize cameron than merkel . 
  i really doubt that . 
  merkel is one of the most recognizable people in the planet . 
  she has been regarded as europe 's unofficial leader for a decade . 
  the fact that she 's a woman also makes her stand out . 
  i guarantee you that merkel is more well known that cameron . 
  she 's been in office a lot longer and has been at the center of european politics for a decade . 
  i also do n't think trudeau has been around long enough to make an impression . 
  this is my list : 1 . 
  putin , merkel 2 . 
  hollande , xi jinping ( maybe ) , assad , netanyahu, 
  term limits for state legislators in california . 
  the people are less informed about policy issues than their representatives . 
  that is why we elect them to govern in the first place . 
  i 'm aware ireland holds referendums more often than other countries due to its constituton , but i was making a general statement about referendums , since they seem to be all the rage in the eu regarding eu issues . 
  to be fair , not every political issue should be put to a popular referendum . 
  i 'm not sure why i 'm being downvoted for pointing out that representative democracy exists for a reason . 
  the edc was proposed by the french prime minister , not germany . 
  you are right that the french shot it down though . 
  none of it . 
  canadians are n't alive . 
  i really envy europeans who learned english by playing online games . 
  being a native english speaker screws you in that regard . 
  how many countries have put their constitutions to a plebescite ? 
  mine did n't . 
  are we a dictatorship ? 
  furthermore , numerous eu members have held popular referendums on various eu related topics . 
  you 've also had the ability to vote for eurosceptic politicians for decades . 
  the eu has been developed by the people 's representatives , not dictators . 
  you should try taking responsibility for your political situation rather than pass it off as the political elite conspiring against the people . 
  no , but you 're free to try again . 
  they live in the gulags . 
  did hitler have a pouch ? 
  you either die an annexed country or live long enough to annex another country . 
  i have a master 's degree in european government . 
  i also trust you have no opinion on american politics . 
  i 'm an enthusiastic supporter of the european project . 
  that puts me at odds with britain . 
  you have a very tenuous grasp on reality . 
  you really take for granted the peace that europe enjoys . 
  if nato did n't exist , eastern europe would be under russia 's thumb just like ukraine , moldova , the caucasus , and central asia . 
  not every state in europe is capable of defending itself or warding off potential adversaries . 
  if history is any indicator , you would be murdering each other over national pride . 
  the us is the linchpin of the international system . 
  without us , it does n't exist . 
  we are too important to be isolationist . 
  when we do n't involve ourselves in global affairs , we leave a vacuum that is filled by other countries . 
  that vacuum would most likely be filled by russia and china . 
  europe is too inward looking and politically fragmented to assume a more central role in the international system . 
  isolationism is not a viable foreign policy for the us . 
  it is more true today than it was in 1918 or 1945 . 
  i wonder if society 's increasingly thin-skinned nature is because mass communications technology makes it more visible or if milennials really are just giant pussies . 
  i suspect it 's mostly the latter . 
  your government has , for more than forty years , fought against democratization of the eu because the only way to do it undermines national governments ' power by removing or neutering the intergovernmental institutions that britain has always preferred . 
  you ca n't have it both ways . 
  when it comes to the eu , your country reeks of hypocrisy . 
  britain does not have the moral authority to lecture europe on the finer points of the eu 's democracy . 
   the first time in history . 
  i still can not understand the haters . 
  there is no greater achivement in human history . 
  that 's hyperbolic . 
  i 'd wager that most people would suggest it was the moon landings . 
   russia has basically humiliated them by doing very quickly the one thing they were pretending to do all along ... bring the war to and end . 
  russian intervention began in september 2015 and the war is nowhere close to being over . 
  they are different situations , as has been explained ad naseum . 
  there are enough retards in the real world for me to believe that / pol / is full of them . 
  your country has been selected for american intervention . 
  do not resist . 
  your quality of life is being improved . 
  assad has more blood on his hands than any other faction in the war . 
  there really are n't any `` good '' sides left in this war , but assad is arguably the worst . 
  he almost assuredly has the most blood on his hands . 
  if syria has to be run by a strongman , it should be someone else . 
  he should n't be rewarded for butchering his own people , especially since the entire war started because he refused to give a single inch to protesters . 
   and politicians seem to have become cowards , too afraid to say that problems are complex and easy answers wo n't work . 
  no , it 's just that the ones who do say it do n't win elections . 
  the problem has always been that a sizable portion of the people want simple solutions to complex problems . 
  this is why things like legislative term limits are popular . 
  they 're easy enough for the vast majority of people to comprehend in ~ 10 seconds . 
  understanding why they 're a shit idea takes both an open mind and a lot more time . 
  this has always been the problem with democracy ; that the least informed voter 's vote is worth as much as the most informed voter 's vote . 
  it 's a shame that this is the best we can do . 
  we 're talking about the german government . 
  / u/pillepallepulle used germans as a shorthand for the german government in the same way the article used berlin as a shorthand for the german government . 
  unless you 're facebook friends with angela merkel , `` no one really gives a shit '' about your anecdote . 
  they 're also not leaving the eu and are more integrated than the uk is by a country mile . 
   but ireland would n't get many favours from the eu because they are a small and insignificant country pot meet kettle . 
  you 're living the past . 
  in the 21st century , global politics is being dominated by the us , eu , china , and russia . 
  japan and india could make a play at it too , but they 're likely in the same tier as britain . 
   if france threatened to leave the eu i 'm sure the eu would bend over backwards for them . 
  france , more than any other country , built the eu . 
  the eu does n't need the uk to justify its existence . 
  the same is not true for france . 
  if france leaves , the entire thing would fall apart . 
  it 's too integral on every measure . 
  the uk was never sold on the idea to begin with , and germany is too small relative to the rest of the eu to carry it alone . 
  france and germany are the only countries whose exit would likely leave the eu in ruin . 
  no problem !, 
   saying that france is more economically liberal than the uk ... ** it 's definitely the opposite .
