  the eu is a political system not too unlike a state . 
  it 's about time that the commission president is selected in a democratic manner . 
  and de gaulle was only interested in a political union that was highly intergovernmental and as an outlet for french interests . 
  http://www2.gwu.edu/~nsarchiv/nsaebb/nsaebb162/72.pdf the memo states three bombs would be ready in september , and a further three in october . 
  not quite six , but they were being produced at a respectable rate . 
  the us was producing something like 6 bombs a month by the end of 1945 . 
  yes , that would be fine , although i 'm inclined to keep the monarchy . 
  it 's hard to keep a country together when there 's one political subdivision that is so much larger than any other . 
  the politics of that subdivision begin to compete with the national scene . 
  a hypothetical first minister of england would have a fundamentally different role from the prime minister , complete with different priorities . 
  it would be fairly easy for a first minister to undermine the prime minister as a way of capitalizing on political opportunism ; an unpopular position in england may be popular for the uk as a whole , for example . 
  he could use this to his advantage . 
  this is exactly what happened in the soviet union 's final days . 
  russia constituted around 50 % of the ussr 's population , and yeltsin was able to tap into russian nationalism and subvert gorbachev and the rest of the upper echelons of the government . 
  now imagine england with more than 80 % of the uk 's population . 
  federalism would only work if england was broken up into further subdivisions . 
  a federal uk would be the end of the uk . 
  england is far too big to have its own parliament . 
  i agree with all your points . 
  you 're right that britain does spend exceed nato 's guidelines , but that 2 % recomendation is n't a ceiling . 
  the us has been spending in excess of 3-4 % for decades . 
  there has been a steady decline in defense spending in both britain and france since the early 1990s . 
  the us would love for every nato member to be spending 3-4 % , as it would lighten its burden . 
  the us accounted for something like 50-55 % of nato spending during the cold war , whereas its around 75 % now . 
  keep in mind that this is with even more member states , and an significant increase in wealth among the poorer nato member states over time . 
  additionally , robert gates , former defense secretary , [ warned against britain 's planned defense cuts . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2014/jan/16/defence-cuts-uk-military-partnership-us-robert-gates ), 
   nato is basically run by the three nuclear powers of britain , france and the us . 
  let 's not kid ourselves . 
  nato is run by the us . 
  if the us left , the alliance would be dead . 
  the us has also been complaining since the end of the cold war that european states , the uk and france included , are not pulling their own weight . 
  the us does n't need nato . 
  the rest of the member states do . 
   i think it buries the idea of the eu being above geopolitics , an idea that was thrown around before the mismanagement of the ukrainian crisis i 've never subscribed to that belief either . 
  the idea that the eu 's normative power makes up for its lack of hard power is laughable , and an idea really only supported by academics and people who think that the rest of the world lives in a post-modern fantasy bubble akin to europe . 
   always makes me laugh seeing people from other countries criticising britain for acting in it 's own interests . 
  britain does n't want to be part of a federal united states of europe , why would it support a candidate that is pro-federalisation/more integration ? 
  because one of the only salient arguments for a british exit is the perceived democratic deficit in the eu . 
  juncker 's appointment would be a move toward resolving that issue . 
  actively blocking his appointment is just britain being hypocritical . 
  your post seemed to imply that they were two entirely different entities , when in reality the eea is like second tier eu membership . 
  are you ? 
  the eea is almost the same thing as being in the eu , except without political representation . 
  they have almost all the same laws as eu member states . 
  norway does n't get to pick and choose which laws it transposes into national law . 
  all of which had/have systemic problems unrelated to the euro itself . 
  and it helped a number of eurozone countries get out of it too . 
  being outside of the euro did n't prevent the uk from entering a deeper recession than many eurozone countries . 
  did n't gordon brown say that boom and bust was over prior to the financial crisis ? 
  a highly speculative derivatives market and mortgage-backed securities are n't the only ways for a bank to go bust . 
  if you 're implying that the global financial industry wo n't suffer from another downturn in the future , then you 're sadly mistaken . 
  good for you . 
  britain has never suffered from monetary instability . 
  there will come a time when your massive banks go bust and the government wo n't be able to rescue them alone , and the pound and the british economy will go to shit anyway . 
  the uk is one of the best countries at implementing and following eu law , that is true . 
  that does n't mean it does n't kick and scream about a lot of issues ( schengen , euro , jha etc. ), 
  until it gets its way . 
  it was a statement made about the uk 's stance toward the eu in general , not just this specific article . 
  there are only four member states in the eu with formal opt-outs . 
  the uk is one of them . 
  it is n't a party to schegen , the euro , the charter of fundamental right , many parts under justice and home affairs , and for a while was n't party to the social chapter . 
  the uk blocked proposed treaty changes last year or the year before that were a response to the eurocrisis . 
  25 of the other member states at the time went ahead and made their own treaty outside the eu 's framework because of the uk 's obstinate nature . 
   that good thing that the eu is doing for humanity ? 
  look at the depression in southern europe . 
  look at it . 
  you mean in countries with gdp per capita and standards of living higher than the vast majority of the world 's ? 
  the eu is largely the reason why those countries are rich in the first place . 
  it 's not that they do n't like you . 
  they do n't like the uk 's `` me , me , me ! '', 
  attitude . 
  all the uk ever does is whine when it does n't get its way . 
  when you join a club , you follow its rules , not just the ones you like . 
  you 're also a shill for the american interests in europe , which is something a lot of member states resent . 
  you do n't like having to follow rules you do n't like after hundreds of years of telling hundreds of millions of people to follow the rules you set for them . 
  i hope that if you do leave the eu , then you come to the realization that your country will be worse off because of it . 
  you can keep your sovereignty and nationalist pride while the rest of europe does something constructive for humanity . 
  maybe national parties should stop using the eu as a scapegoat for everything wrong in their countries . 
  most of europe 's problems have nothing to do with the eu . 
  what hollande is suggesting would mean giving in to the far right . 
  you 're right . 
  it started as a supranational union that controlled a common coal and steel market . 
  i love me some free trade , but the eu 's single market is shitload better than a free trade area . 
  a single market wo n't work without common institutions to govern it . 
  i 'm currently finishing a master 's program in the uk . 
  i did my undergraduate studies in the us , so i ca n't really help you with the application process itself , since i only had to submit my college transcript rather than high school transcript , sat , and ap scores . 
  i assume you have this figured out if you are considering university in the uk , however . 
  as a dual us-uk citizen , i 'd strongly recommend you attend a university in the uk , since they have far greater name recognition in the us than universities on the continent . 
  of the schools in the uk , you 'll never have to tell an american employer what oxford , cambridge , lse , ucl , and maybe imperial are . 
  depending on what you want to study , i 'd try to get in to one of these . 
  the downside of the former two is that they 're very hard to get in to , and the downside of the latter three are their location in london , which is insanely expensive . 
  beyond these , st. andrews , durham , edinburgh , and warwick are all good schools in the uk . 
  because you mentioned st. andrews , i 'll mention that i have an american friend who did his undergraduate there , and enjoyed it thoroughly , though he made a point of saying that there are a huge number of american students there , making it seems less like a british school . 
  do what you wan with this information . 
  beyond that , i 'd suggest taking the sats one or two more times to try and get a higher score , however . 
  and to echo what everyone else has been saying : find out what you want to study first , and choosing universities to apply to will be much easier . 
  norwegian doctors make billion dollar salaries and bang supermodels . 
  yes . 
  despite the eu 's faults , it 's the only way for europe to be organized in the modern era .
