  and finland . 
  yes . 
  i 'm gon na need numbers to back that up . 
  this comment chain is a surprisingly accurate microcosm of eu policymaking . 
  europe has too few muslims . 
  putin is a kind leader . 
  scandinavia sucks . 
  i really hope this ends well for ukraine . 
  i think it 's time to get away from russia . 
  a spot of good news . 
  i think it would be fine for states to have a great deal of budgetary autonomy , so long as they meet certain guidelines . 
  this is generally how it works in most federations . 
  i do n't think the eu should operate much differently from that model . 
  if you want a common currency to work then you need to enforce common rules or else there 's no point . 
  the headline reads like it was a car crash . 
  an exceptional model of government , terrible food , ugly women , and a trustworthy wartime ally . 
  i consider this fairly strong evidence that beer is superior . 
  i want what you 're having . 
  i 'll be very surprised if this happens . 
  us foreign , defense , and economic interests do n't line up as well with germany and france as it does with the uk/canada/australia / new zealand . 
  throw in the fact that germany and france pretty much lead the eu , which also has divergent interests and yea this wo n't happen . 
  us announces it is conducting solo training exercises in germany . 
  us announces it is deploying a carrier group off the coast of belgium . 
  i recall seeing a sammarinese flair a while back . 
  for political representation , i suspect . 
  look at this way , the eu has or is negotiating with nearly every country that it has any non-negligible amount of trade with ( the us should be colored orange on the map ) . 
  obviously the eu is n't going to sign an fta with china , russia , and russia 's sphere of influence , as well as many sub-saharan countries which have very small economies , and iraq/afghanistan/pakistan . 
  i 'd say the eu is doing a very good job thus far . 
  what a sleazeball . 
   i do n't think this is about what russia , as a historical entity , fears , i disagree . 
  russia has been invaded and attacked countless times throughout history . 
  its paranoia is entirely justified and consistent with russian foreign and defense policy for hundreds of years . 
  though the threat of physical invasion and attack is much more unlikely now that it was in the past , the paranoia still exists due to russia 's waning global influence . 
  it has massive demographic problems , bad infrastructure , a corrupt and unstable government , lack of personal freedoms , a weak economy overly reliant on natural resources , and an obsession with maintaining a powerful military presence . 
  the eu as a bloc is so much more influential in almost every aspect of global governance than russia that it is worrying for russian policymakers . 
  putin is just another hardcore nationalist at the helm of a country that has fallen so short of its potential for so long . 
  the eu is everything russia fears : a potential superpower on its doorstep . 
  the farther the eu expands , the more negligible russia becomes in european affairs . 
  no one really wants to be in a club with russia anymore , so that leaves spoiling everyone else 's fun as russia 's only option to maintain relevance . 
  i 'm really not a fan of russia . 
  yes , but there are far more opportunities in the eu and north america . 
  russia has a massive demographic problem , part of which is because its `` under-30s '' are leaving the country in droves . 
  there is n't much of a future for young russians in russia , so i suspect there is n't much of a future for ukrainians in russia either . 
  not surprising . 
  english is becoming increasingly important for personal advancement across the world . 
  learning english opens up nearly all of europe to young ukrainians , whereas russian is far more limited . 
  their foreign policies really are n't very different . 
  eu member state voting cohesion in the un general assembly has consistently been higher than 90 % , reaching as high as 97 % . 
  i agree . 
   i do n't understand why european institutions get blamed for some things they literally can not help . 
  because very few people actually under how the institutions work and what their relationship is with national governments . 
  how ? 
  i ca n't imagine the life of the average german or american to be a lot harder than that of the average croat . 
  ideally the eu will become a federation , with the eu assuming exclusive competence over things such as foreign policy and defense . 
  the opposite end of the spectrum is a degradation of the eu 's power , be it through a british exit , or consistently low public confidence in the eu etc. 
  realistically , the eu will become more and more statelike , assuming new powers and responsibilities without actually becoming a sovereign entity . 
  i ca n't say i 'm excited about the prospect of more merkel . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_democracy it 's a holdover from earlier times . 
  i love the german electoral system . 
  i think it 's a great fit for a federal system , and wish the united states emulated it . 
  they 're good at gymnastics . 
  i should move to france . 
  bush was n't widely hated by the american public in 2004 , which is why he was reelected . 
  his second term is generally regarded as being much worse than his first , which resulted in a huge dropoff in popularity and approval ratings . 
  it makes me feel better about the us when i see these kinds of people leading other countries too . 
  i thought that was implied though . 
  officials in the eu want this as much as the public does . 
  it 's the heads of government of the member states that do n't . 
  the saudi arabia of europe , but with cold and democracy . 
  so yes then . 
  britain had its first televised debate among the three major party leaders in 2010 as well . 
  but humans find them cute and help them propagate , so you could say that is an evolutionary advantage . 
  the legacy of iraq hangs over britain more than france , because of its involvement . 
  the special relationship has endured trials and tribulations before : suez , vietnam , the falklands , grenada etc , yet it has always remained at the core of both american and british foreign policy . 
  there 's still plenty of time for britain to change its mind on syria in the coming days/weeks/months . 
  i 'd rather have allies that were n't always so eager to follow me into battle anyway . 
  then you 're no true scotsman, 
  we should try and think of a belgian food that has the word english in it and then call it freedom whatever , since french fries are of belgian origin . 
  i would n't write it off completely . 
  one lifetime saw europe go from two world wars to what exists now . 
   you do raise valid points though i 'm not sure if actual intervention will achieve anything meaningful . 
  neither am i. i do n't know what to make of the situation . 
  i think it 's interesting to discuss though . 
   and even from france 's perspective , war is quite unpopular and expensive , i do n't know if they 're willing to go on ahead despite countries like the uk backing down from actual military action . 
  the legacy of the iraq war played a huge part in the house of commons decision tonight . 
  france does n't have the firsthand experience with iraq that britain did . 
  nevertheless , the intervention being called for is n't a full scale ground invasion like iraq was from the start . 
  syria is a giant mess . 
  of the three major western powers , the french government has consistently been the most hawkish on syria . 
  they were the first to recognize the opposition and led the effort to lift the eu arms embargo on syria . 
  the libyan operation has been over for quite some time . 
  it 's widely regarded as having been a resounding success . 
  cameron and sarkozy were given hero 's welcomes in benghazi . 
  the operation in mali is also being seen as a success . 
  french forces have already begun to pull out with no major threats anticipated . 
  a possible intervention in syria will be limited in scope , more than libya ( which was mostly a no-fly zone and airstrikes , and far more than mali ( boots on the ground ) . 
  talk this week has been mostly of several dozen cruise missile strikes from warships in the mediterranean . 
  the idea is to make it so that the germans , british , and french governments are n't the ones calling the shots , but rather the eu itself . 
  they tried before the us did . 
  they were n't eager to go back .
