  you are seriously underestimating how joint governance of the continent has bound the eu together , particularly among the more supportive of integration . 
  france and germany are referred to as the twin engine of integration for a reason . 
  take a look at how all of britain 's territorial disputes with the eu have flaired up since the referendum . 
  the eu has had a tangible impact on the world even if you refuse to admit it because of a misplaced sense of national superiority . 
  the treaty of rome established the european economic community in 1957 . 
  the treaty of paris established the ecsc in 1951 . 
  the pillar system was abolished with lisbon . 
  nato did n't make france and germany best friends . 
  nukes and nato also do n't explain why france and germany are best friends now . 
  i agree with almost everything you wrote . 
    endless social and cultural facilities , a cosmopolitan atmosphere ...  definitely not exclusive to london this is the only thing with which i take slight issue . 
  sure , europe has plenty of other great cities , but paris is the only other one in the same league as london . 
  hot shot finance bros want to bang hookers , snort coke , and live in swanky apartments in cool places like london , paris , and new york , not dublin , frankfurt , and detroit . 
  he 'll save the children , but not the british children . 
  obi-wan bested anakin in a duel on musterfrau . 
  i have one in my apartment . 
  have you ever heard the uplifting tale of darth merkel the pragmatic ? 
  i thought not , it 's not a story the nationalists would tell you . 
  it 's a european legend . 
  darth merkel was a teutonic chancellor of the europeans so powerful and so pragmatic she could use european integration to create life ... she had such a knowledge of europeanism , she could even keep the ones she cared about from succumbing to russian propaganda . 
  she became so powerful ... the only thing she was afraid of was losing to nationalists , which eventually , of course , she did n't . 
  fortunately , she taught her apprentice everything she knew , and then her apprentice united mankind and abolished the concept of irony . 
  honoring tradition and raking in tourist money . 
  they almost never publicly express their political positions on anything . 
  jesse , we h\u00e5ve t\u00f6 c\u00f6\u00f6k !, 
  this has always been my favorite eu statistic . 
  we 're not so different after all . 
   the political spectrum is a bit wider outside the us . 
  i was n't talking in an american context . 
  communism and fascism are opposite ends of the political spectrum . 
  the former is wholly internationalist and the latter is extremely nationalist . 
   in many european countries opposition to the eu was originally and for many years spearheaded by left wing anti-capitalist sentiment i 'm aware , but that changed as europe 's social democrats realized they could re-institute social democratic policies at the european level . 
  britain 's labour is the textbook example of this shift . 
  you 'll also remember that the mainstream right-wing parties of 1950s europe were n't anywhere near as nationalist as they had been a decade earlier , hence their support for early integration efforts . 
  and these would be the people who do n't understand the eu . 
  if you 're referring to anarchism , it is n't a left-wing ideology . 
  it is something unto itself . 
  no , the people on the right who understand the eu and do n't like it are nationalists . 
  i could go and create the internationalist party of nationalism . 
  that does n't legitimize internationalist nationalism as a coherent ideology . 
  what you wrote is the equivalent of me saying that [ many small parties ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:far-right_political_parties_in_the_united_kingdom ) that supported leave and are dangerously close to , if not outright , fascist , are representative of right-wing british politics . 
  you should know that in any informed discussion about political parties ' ideologies , electoral success and ideological coherence are implied . 
  we have discussions about serious parties , not parties that have 700 members and were founded in 2011 . 
  none of those are mainstream parties that have had any significant electoral success . 
  these are fringe groups . 
  the social democratic party also does n't exist anymore , since it merged with the liberals in the late 80s to create the modern , europhilic , liberal democrats . 
  comparing any of those to right-wing eurosceptic parties like ukip , the conservatives , le front national , and afd is intellectually dishonest . 
  no , i 'm familiar with british politics . 
  ukip is not like the green party , since they have actually won a large number of seats in the european parliament and were individually threatening conservative parliamentary constituencies . 
  they have received well beyond the 5 % of the vote that a third party in the us could get in a good year . 
  the us has a very strict two party system . 
  the uk is probably best described as a two-party dominant system . 
  this is not true . 
  internationalism versus nationalism is one of the major distinctions between left and right-wing ideologies . 
  the former increases in intensity the father left you go , and the latter increases in intensity the farther right you go . 
  this is basic political theory . 
  the eu is one of the most prominent international organizations in the world and a pillar of the international system and more broadly an increasingly global civilization . 
  there 's a reason why there are next to no left-wing eurosceptic parties and no shortage of eurosceptic right-wing parties . 
  i have found without fail that people who do n't like the eu are either nationalists to varying degrees or do n't actually understand what the eu is , how it works , and why it exists . 
  i can understand being a member of a political party and disagreeing with some of its minor policies , but being a eurosceptic liberal democrat makes no sense . 
  being unabashedly pro-eu is one of the party 's defining policies . 
  it 's like being a democrat who hates higher taxes on the rich . 
  there is room for eurosceptic liberals in the left-wing of the conservative party . 
  almost assuredly the college of europe in bruges . 
  it 's been the training ground for eurocrats for half a century , which is why i believe his assertion that the uk would try to poach them . 
  the referendum was held primarily for the conservatives to keep ukip at bay . 
  since it backfired spectacularly , the conservatives have essentially become ukip . 
  the norway model would have only inflamed ukip and the far-right more , since it 's an objectively less democratic situation than what british eurosceptics already harp on about . 
  the norway model was never a realistic possibility for britain led by the conservatives . 
  he must be the only lib dem who supports leaving the eu . 
  they also miscalculated how eastern europe would act in the eu after joining . 
  many foreign policy experts , not just those in britain , expected the eastern european states to form their own bloc , when in reality , they reinforced the existing blocs , by siding primarily with germany or france depending on the policy issue . 
  among the only major breaks they have with either of those two countries and their respective blocs are on the eu 's policy toward russia and refugee resettlement . 
  yes , because they believed it would slow or prevent deeper integration and dilute french and german influence . 
  thanks vlad . 
  h0n h0n h0n, 
  maybebot, 
  i support this endeavor . 
  25 units x 25 units, 
  i 'm pretty sure i still have this shirt . 
  thanks . 
  the german empire was formed before the end of the war , however . 
  i agree . 
  i think the reddit circlejerk in support of nuclear power borders on blind devotion as well . 
  i support nuclear power as a bridge between fossil fuels and mass renewable energy/nuclear fusion , but i do n't support it as an end in itself . 
  it amazes me that the first european unification attempt in history that is being conducted entirely peacefully and voluntarily is still spun by people like you as coercive . 
  edit : conquest was too harsh a word . 
  coercion still implies malicious intent , which what i was trying to convey . 
  okay , but if you love your wife , surely you 'd want to live with her . 
  these analogies break down really fast . 
  is it possible to learn this power ? 
   europeanists try hard to create mythological `` founding father '' hero figures and to lionise the eu 's origin story , ... but many of these people are still alive , and the reality is far too recent and thoroughly documented for any of this hype ( as you call it ) to gain real traction . 
  at least , it does n't with any serious , adult people . 
  the eu 's founding fathers have been dead for decades . 
  * konrad adenauer ( died 1967 ) * joseph bech ( died 1975 ) * johan beyen ( died 1976 ) * winston churchill ( died 1965 ) * alcide de gasperi ( died 1954 ) * walter hallstein ( died 1982 ) * sico mansholt ( died 1995 ) * jean monnet ( died 1979 ) * robert schuman ( died 1963 ) * paul-henri spaak ( died 1972 ) * altiero spinelli ( died 1986 ) mitterand and kohl are regarded as the * modern * eu 's architects , but the european project began immediately after wwii . 
  the term eu is very commonly used in both history and international relations to refer to the eu 's immediate predecessors as well . 
  i think de gaulle , monnet , and adenauer also deserve to be in contention for that title . 
  france and germany went to war with each other three times during the first seventy-five years of unified germany 's history . 
  today they are each other 's closest friend and ally . 
  people take the modern world for granted .
