  as long as the monarchy has no real political power , why does it matter that they are unelected ? 
  an elected president would have no real political power either , so what 's the point other than the good feeling you would get from voting for a figurehead ? 
  french and irish . 
  i like a challenge . 
  it appears russia was so successful that it separated from europe . 
  she 's certainly my favorite lizard person . 
  probably has to do with the fact that the us is the biggest and most successful european offshoot . 
  i live in california and am going to britain in the fall . 
  i knew it was going to be gloomy there , but not 1/3 the sunshine gloomy . 
  that 's pretty terrible . 
  crete would be split between the new ottoman controlled west and the cypriot controlled east . 
  the problem with a referendum not being held before 2015 is that it could really hurt the tories in the election . 
  the backbenchers are already increasingly difficult to control because of ukip 's growing influence . 
  cameron is a clever politician , he knows he ca n't delay the referendum forever . 
  the date has to be finalized before the 2015 elections happen , or cameron could lose the premiership . 
  around 2015 probably . 
  cameron needs to hold a simple in or out referendum to prevent tory losses to ukip . 
  labour and the lib-dems , which are much more pro-europe , ca n't appear to be the anti-referendum parties . 
  this ensures that a referendum will be held around the next general election . 
  the problem is the timing : cameron wants to hold it as late as possible to give the eurozone more time to get it together so that euroskepticism in the uk will recede . 
  only ` murica is free . 
  everywhere else is fascist or communist . 
  freedom is experienced , not explained . 
  poland : drunk , poor , playground for germans and russians luxembourg : what ? 
  vatican city : jesus belgium : beer , chocolate iceland : volcanoes , fish , excessive consonants finland : drunks with suicidal tendencies balkan states : never heard of 'em, 
  one of the side-effects of freedom . 
  you would n't understand , canada . 
  i 've visited france , italy , switzerland , and greece . 
  france was by far my favorite . 
  paris is amazing . 
  i 'll be going to the uk for the first time in the fall . 
  it gets renamed charlemagne , dc and loses representation in parliament . 
  this is a nice idea . 
  it would especially help with all the eu flags around here . 
  i guess if the people do n't care about political input then it does n't matter . 
  perhaps it 's difficult to understand given that i 'm looking at this from a western perspective . 
  lots of surprises in this list . 
  why is saudi arabia ranked above mexico and estonia , where being born female is a major disadvantage ? 
  why is israel ranked so highly when it 's constantly fighting wars and threatened by terrorism , and when it 's palestinian population is treated poorly ? 
  why is singapore one of the best places to be born if it 's not even a real democracy ? 
  the only category i can think of in which australia does n't score well is `` tame wildlife . '', 
  exomars is the most significant esa exploration mission . 
  unlike the american rovers , it 's mission is to search for the existence of past and/or present life . 
  i 'm looking forward to it , given that it will be the first object sent to mars since the vikings to actually look for life . 
  a lot of concern has been raised over whether the russian launch and landing systems will work . 
  manned spaceflight beyond leo appears dead in the water for now among all space powers . 
  manned programs for beyond leo will take a decade or more to materialize , and new presidents taking office , nasa 's goals constantly change . 
  what space agencies need is continuity and persistent and sufficient funding . 
  unfortunately , nasa has been plagued by shifting goals and dwindling funding since the apollo era . 
  esa 's budget is growing quickly relative to other space powers , so perhaps an independent european manned program is n't too far off . 
  it 's best before the top of their skull hardens , so you can poke a straw through their head and suck out the brains . 
  as an ardent supporter of federalism , i would welcome a britain outside of the eu , or at least on the periphery . 
  as an ardent supporter of unity , i would be disappointed by it . 
  i sit here eagerly anticipating an english response . 
  surely you must recognize that american involvement in europe helped facilitate the peace and prosperity that you now enjoy . 
  it is also clear that the us is reigning back , but not abandoning , its involvement in europe , in order to focus on the asia-pacific region . 
  as long as europe is n't fighting itself and destroying its markets for american goods , american involvement will be at an arms length : coordinating foreign and defense policies . 
  an existential threat ? 
  an inconvenient country to be neighbors with ? 
  yes . 
  it 's being worked on as we speak . 
  the us has always been an outspoken advocate of closer integration , but has also become annoyed by the fact that the eu is a very powerful economic entity now , rivaling it in many areas . 
  the two do n't see eye to eye on a lot of trade and economic issues , though free trade is n't one of them . 
  i 'd expect the deal to be complete by the time obama 's second term is over . 
  that and the fact that the us and canada are among the best of friends . 
  better the devil you know than the devil you do n't . 
  i never understood the idea behind having your country 's territory on a flag . 
  it seems so tacky . 
  * as long as you 're a small country being supported by the world 's largest economy . 
  merkelreich seems more appropriate . 
  is celebrating on christmas eve a german thing ? 
  my friend 's family is german and they 're the only people i know who do . 
  soon eastern europe will only comprise russia , belarus , and ukraine . 
  the idea behind world federation is that by the time it 's possible we wo n't hate each other . 
  no one is suggesting that it 's possible now or even in the near future . 
  it 's an end goal to work toward that is going to take centuries if not millenia . 
  we found oil in the klingon empire first , back off . 
  what 's the point of having humanity split into 200 + clubs ? 
  we can be greater than the sum of our parts . 
  i 'm american , so i 'm already in that club . 
  i 'm a europhile primarily because i think the eu is the model for eventual world federation , because it 's ridiculous that our species is broken up into 200 + tribes . 
  he agreed to the eec because he thought it would advance french interests . 
  even if he did it out of self-interest , he made the right call . 
  it 's fine . 
  the eu will join the superpower club along with the us and china . 
  britain will feel left out and either stay insignificant outside in order to save face or federate in order to stay relevant . 
  it 's really only a matter of time . 
  hopefully now we 'll stop seeing articles about how the eurozone is facing imminent collapse . 
  in b4 someone still says hitler . 
  and too many people . 
  gun culture is very different here than in europe . 
  gun ownership here is seen as sacred , given that it is a constitutional freedom . 
  the constitution is arguably the most revered non-religious text in the world . 
  its influence permeates every aspect of american society . 
  at last , the true purpose of european integration has been revealed . 
  also kebab . 
  polandball thread, 
  away . 
  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kbggfmznx28 the entire album is amazing . 
  north korea .
