  blondie did nothing wrong . 
  hello , this is russian national guard . 
  please to be come with us . 
  first they were vikings , soon they 'll be pirates . 
  what 's next ? 
  communist france does n't sound so bad anymore . 
  united swedish emirates , home of the world 's tallest building , the burj carl gustaf . 
  eu is cool as fuck . 
  there are thousands of members of the royal family . 
  most of them are not in positions of power , but do have connections and money . 
  i think it 's more a genetic predisposition to conquer foreign lands . 
  apparently supporting interventionism against terrorists is downvote-worthy, 
  i really like hollande 's foreign policy . 
  i 'll be sad to see him go , as is likely . 
   man it should be specific to your country , instead you posted well know fact across earth ... 
  fixed . 
  until age thirty . 
  this has been the idea since the 1940s . 
  it was never a conspiracy lol . 
  yea , he was born in kenya . 
  does n't that border belgium ? 
  what a truly wondrous time we live in . 
  hey , does anyone need some spare aircraft carriers ? 
  and i thought rome had already collapsed . 
   i do n't think it 's a good thing , based on my own country 's history . 
  what . 
  eleven states committed treason and entered into open rebellion because they wanted to be able to keep owning people as property . 
  i genuinely do not understand this hard-on for the states to have more power . 
  state governments are just as capable as federal governments of being absolute shit , as best illustrated by the south . 
  this country is rich , powerful , and tolerant largely because of the increasingly powerful role the federal government has played throughout our history . 
  our power helped spread our ideals and values to many other parts of the world and ushered in an unprecedented era of relative peace and prosperity . 
  it is a french ship , after all . 
  this is hardly different from the vast majority of western countries where the pm/president is either from the major center-left or center-right party . 
  because they would rather support winners . 
  this would make you more important than you are now to the us though . 
  this is one of those cynical simplifications of international relations that is n't true at all . 
  surely you remember the rift that developed between the us and france/germany over the iraq war . 
  obama has undone some of the damage done to those relationships by bush . 
  bush was also more receptive to eastern europe 's cries for a stronger american military presence in the region , hence the proposed missile defense installation in poland . 
  this was eventually scrapped by obama , and only after blatant russian aggression and cries of help from eastern europe did american assets reinforce the region . 
  maybe we can get president trump to build a wall along the russian border and make russia pay for it . 
  we did it reddit !, 
  agreed . 
  this is why the baltics and much of eastern europe have been spared of russian meddling since the fall of the soviet union . 
  i agree that people generally overestimate russia 's strength , but it is still clearly far more powerful than any other country in europe . 
  ok , you caught us . 
  we just want to add more stars to our flag . 
  the eu has been around for more than 60 years in some form or another . 
  it has weathered many crises . 
  this one will come to pass as well . 
  shouting usa # 1 is relevant everywhere you damn commie . 
   * sweden  * relevant pick one . 
  i love france . 
  i like to think that if i had not been born american , i 'd have been born french . 
  were you given laughing gas ? 
  also about ten blocks . 
  i live in nyc , so about ten blocks away . 
  destroy it and apply for statehood in our union . 
  we have kfc . 
  everything is going according to plan . 
  it 's not even a requirement . 
  at least since 1914 . 
  we comment on countries ' internal matters all the time . 
   and you forgot that poland not only receives the money , but also pay taxes and has to abide the eu laws that paralyze its economy . 
  eurosceptics always argue that eu laws paralyze countries ' economies . 
  what needs to be understood is that the single market leads to greater trade and investment because companies do n't have to abide by 28 different sets of laws . 
  poland is an attractive investment because it is in the eu , not despite it . 
  without the eu we 'd be back to the days when the only economies in europe that matter are germany , france , the uk , and italy because they are big and rich . 
  the rest of you are n't special . 
  you 're small and forgettable without the eu . 
  the polish must learn of germany 's peaceful ways ... by force !, 
  russia has always failed to live up to its potential . 
  it 's a shame . 
  keep the nhs picture and remove the one of the transfer of hong kong . 
  the transfer may have been the last major event in decolonization , but the suez crisis largely precipitated decolonization and reduced britain to the second tier of world powers . 
  both , but more so the latter . 
  yea , maybe next time they wo n't let the uk join . 
  hey polish government it 's me your screenwriter, 
  ah , i understand now . 
  we 're in agreement . 
  i mean , the gesture is certainly appreciated , but you should n't let the fear of a terrorist attack come between you and your friends . 
  combating terrorism is a global effort . 
  germany ca n't sit on the sidelines forever . 
  is conducting reconnaissance and the telling the americans and french where to drop their bombs a way for germany to clear it 's conscience ? 
  i ca n't imagine reconnaissance is something that the rest of the coalition is really lacking . 
  this whole mission seems more symbolic than not . 
  and the russian supported syrian regime or the american supported `` moderate '' rebels have n't committed atrocities ? 
  we certainly did n't help things , but the middle east has n't been stable since the ottoman empire . 
  we would n't be saying that that if a russian fighter sent on a combat sortie had flown over american or british airspace . 
  i understand that turkey is n't the greatest country in the world , but the circlejerk against it on reddit is ridiculous . 
  a country is entitled to defend its borders . 
  the line has to be drawn somewhere . 
  turkey , russia , the us , the gulf states , and numerous european states are all supporting various groups that could be considered terrorists . 
  no one country can claim the moral high ground here . 
  global security has deteriorated significantly over the past several years . 
  the mid 2000s were far more stable . 
  this year alone has seen a pretty remarkable increase in violence in the middle east ( syria , libya , iraq , yemen ) . 
  agreed . 
  best looking carrier in the world in my opinion . 
  we did it !,
