  op probably copy-pasted the original article title . 
  many news organizations write headlines like this . 
  joe balls is a rather unfortunate name . 
  that 's true , but i 'm inclined to believe that labour fighting another leftist party risks allowing the tories to continue winning elections . 
  the polls and projections for the past few weeks showed an incredibly tight race . 
  so what exactly changed on election day ? 
  it could only happen under a future labour/snp coalition . 
  there 's no way the tories will pass it under their watch , now that they should have an easy time beating a labour party that has lost scotland . 
  i imagine miliband will either have to be sacked or suffer the embarrassment of having to reconcile with the snp . 
  good . 
  god bless you . 
  defenders of freedom never truly die . 
  enjoy your immortality , fellow patriot . 
  you have been made a moderator of / r/murica . 
  it is entirely realistic . 
  de gaulle twice vetoed the uk 's application to join the eu . 
  membership in the organization was so important to the uk that they applied three times . 
  the eu had all the leverage . 
  as long as there are a core group of countries that are more willing than others to integrate further , then the eu will have an appeal just by its relative size and convenience . 
  i do n't agree with a multi-speed europe . 
  i 'd rather have an all-in-one approach that allows a few countries to integrate farther . 
  expand the organization before you expand its membership . 
  that is cool as fuck . 
  it looks like a giant server . 
  start moving all the eu institutions to london . 
  nigel farage will spontaneously combust . 
  he 's wrong . 
  [ the f-22 export ban became law as an amendment to the dod appropriations act , 1998 . 
  let 's go get 'em back , boys !, 
  no ruskies !, 
  someday ... 
  of the examples you linked , only the french third republic had lasting power , and it only fell due to nazi occupation . 
  after the war , france returned to a democratic government . 
  the other examples were short-lived and had very strong antidemocratic movements and factions . 
  ancient greek democracy was confined to a very small part of the world and did n't really catch on outside of greece . 
  its ideals were generally shunned until the 18th century . 
    the us is among the oldest continuing governments in the world , surpassed perhaps only by britain . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/san_marino[9] san marino claims to be the oldest surviving sovereign state and constitutional republic in the world , [ 10 ] as the continuation of the monastic community founded on 3 september 301 , by stonecutter marinus of arba . 
  this is why i said among . 
  it does n't matter . 
  if greece leaves , it means leaving is no longer unprecedented . 
  if greece is forced to exit the eurozone it means that markets can , in fact , pressure a country out . 
  there is money to be made betting against countries like portugal , spain , and italy . 
  either they 're all fair game , or none are . 
  every eurozone member is too big to fail . 
  this is why i do n't believe greece will be forced out of the eurozone . 
  it would undermine the entire currency and precipitate a massive economic crisis in europe and deal a huge blow to the eu 's legitimacy , reputation , and power . 
  greece leaving the euro would be a colossal failure for greece , germany , the eurozone , and the eu . 
  because once a country solidifies as a democracy , it almost never reverts back to anything else . 
  they are inherently more stable than other types of government . 
  the us is among the oldest continuing governments in the world , surpassed perhaps only by britain . 
  realistically , we can expect china to become the largest national economy within a few years . 
  it is already a behemoth in asia , and is acting more aggressively internationally than it has in decades . 
  if there are no major events akin to the collapse of the soviet union , then i think it 's reasonable to expect china to become a powerful rival to the us , primarily in asia . 
  it 's a big `` if '' though . 
  china is better positioned than any other political entity to become a superpower in the next 50 years , but unlike the us , it has a number of huge problems that make our predictions of what china will look like in the future less certain . 
  i ca n't say with any degree of certainty that in 50 years time china will still be ruled by the communist party . 
  i can , however , say with a high degree of confidence that the us will look more or less the same as it does today . 
  does he actually ? 
  i 've never heard of this . 
  domestically , i agree . 
  internationally , i think europe will fade just a bit as the rivalry between china and the us heats up . 
  europe is too far removed from the asia-pacific region to have any real significance there . 
  control of the skies is one of the most important elements in us military doctrine , and russia has among the most advanced anti-aircraft systems in the world . 
  it 's no secret that china , and iran are n't particularly friendly with the us . 
  any arms deal is welcome cash for russia 's increasingly fragile economy , but it also gives us military and political leaders a headache trying to plan around these weapon systems . 
  russia , china , and iran are not allies nor friends , but they share a disdain for american power . 
  the russian government has been aware for many years that china is best suited to challenge the united states in the international system , and that better relations with china increases russia 's economic and military security . 
  they have always been deeply afraid , however , that any sino-russian partnership will end up with russia as the junior partner . 
  i suspect that russia 's sales of the s-400 and s-300 to china and iran are meant to shake up the international order a bit , in addition to raising some cash in the short term . 
  i hope japan reciprocates by making the estonian prime minister a pokemon . 
  this is still my favorite one . 
  we have some stationed in the middle east at the moment . 
  if we felt that war with russia was likely , i 'm 100 % sure that we would be sending f-22s to eastern europe . 
  they can be refueled midair . 
  i consider anything in the eu and/or nato as part of the west . 
  all the blue parts of a map . 
  fuck me , that 's cool as fuck . 
  then i guess erdogan has done at least one good thing . 
  well no one is quite sure just how effective a carrier battle group would be against a foe like china or russia , which have developed tons of plans to deal with or sink american carriers . 
  the us navy has successfully tested numerous anti-missile systems in carrier groups , but they have largely been in controlled environments . 
  all in all , i think only some of the top military planners in the us know the true vulnerability of our carriers . 
  but in the event of a war with china or russia , carriers themselves are less important since we have a ton of equipment stationed in japan , south korea , and europe . 
  then it 's a good thing that we have 11 of them and that they are our allies . 
  that 's disappointing . 
  i 've always thought the g36 is one of the coolest rifles out there . 
  i had an airsoft version of the g36c . 
  russia and china are still considered green water navies . 
  that being said , while france and the uk are relatively naval equals , they are blown out of the water by the us . 
  we 're better at winning them . 
  usa # 1 !, 
  nato doctrine is for nato forces to fill in the gaps of a country 's capabilities . 
  if poland found itself invaded , nato would be providing more naval and air assets than infantry and armored units . 
  if germany was invaded , nato would probably be providing everything ( although it may also be due to the fact that if germany is invaded then shit has hit the fan ) . 
  that is cool as fuck , what is it from ? 
  ** god bless **, 
  it really is such a shame to see russia wasting its potential yet again . 
  one of the greatest little pleasures in my life is seeing an american flag next to english language options . 
  back to basics . 
  we do n't want to , but we absolutely will .
