  if the eu were to suddenly disintegrate for some reason , it would have to be replaced by something similar anyway . 
  the single market , schengen area etc are just too important to get rid of . 
  the governments that joined the eu all had the consent of the governed . 
  yes , the eu has changed a lot since most countries have joined , and definitely warrants a referendum in most . 
  that being said , the people do n't always understand what is in the best interest of their country . 
  this is why modern democracies are representative rather than direct . 
  it 's clearly in everyone 's interest to cooperate on economic issues . 
  if the people disagreed , then europe would be much worse off . 
  i was referring to the article 's author . 
  anyone who knows a little bit about european history since world war two knows why countries just ca n't leave the euro . 
  are people really still going on about countries leaving the eurozone ? 
  the eu is n't only an economic organization . 
  it 's a political project aimed at unification . 
  once you understand that , you 'll understand why the euro ca n't be allowed to fail . 
  i have a german friend who said that there are intensive 1-2 month dutch programs for german speakers . 
  people come out of the program fluent because the languages are so similar . 
  if you want to speak a useful language , dutch probably is n't your best bet . 
  i would go with french or spanish . 
  if you 're feeling adventurous , perhaps russian . 
  europe pls, 
  what 's the story behind the statue in # 16 ? 
  i 've seen pictures of it before and always laugh . 
  [ and what would you say is your biggest weakness ? 
  seconded . 
  quality member of this community . 
  how much did it cost to make that post ? 
  i was more curious whether some other colonies were seen as part of the home country as well . 
  the falklands is a good example . 
  they consider themselves british , despite being far removed from the british isles , and are ruled from london . 
  was n't algeria seen as part of france ? 
  and the colonies in north america as part of the united kingdom of great britain ? 
  i should clarify , i used the bundesrat as an example for how the member states should be represented , not quite proportional , but not quite equal . 
  merkel would want a look at my bank statements first . 
  i think nearly everyone recognizes that there is a democratic deficit in the eu that needs to be resolved . 
  the parliament needs the power of legislative initiative . 
  the european council needs to have its power scaled back , since it is too secretive and has largely sidelined the commission . 
  any decisions it makes must be subject to parliamentary approval . 
  additionally , the president of the european council should be an elected individual , not unlike the presidents of many eu countries . 
  his post should be more ceremonial than not , representing the direction the european people would like to choose . 
  the commission should be a government identical to that in a parliamentary system . 
  the president and the commissioners should be outgrowths of the parliament . 
  the council of ministers should be an elected upper body , somewhere in between proportional representation and equal representation , perhaps similar to the bundesrat . 
  unfortunately , most of these changes are federal in nature , and unlikely to happen as long as states fight to keep intergovernmentalism a strong force in european government . 
  what most people fail to forget is that it is their national governments who are the largest obstacle to a more democratic eu . 
  as long as they insist on intergovernmentalism , the eu will always have a democratic deficit . 
  a more clearly defined federal structure makes it far easier to implement democratic reforms . 
  intergovernmentalism and democracy are largely at odds with one another . 
  it failed in the united states for several reasons , this being one of them . 
  the eu already has three working languages , english , french , and german . 
  in addition to whatever your native tongue is , you must be able to read , write , and speak one of these three languages in order to work in an eu institution ( there are some exceptions ) . 
  not surprisingly , english is the most prominent of these three , but i think the current set-up is sufficient . 
  most people will naturally gravitate toward learning the most useful language in their society , which is clearly english . 
  i think it was someone on this subreddit who said the eu should have no single official language , but english as the official second language . 
  can you blame them for not wanting to pursue the path other countries have ? 
  all they have to do is look at greece and spain . 
  i 'm not saying that they 're going down the right path , but it 's understandable . 
  what i get from this is that africa is as problematic as i 've always thought it was . 
  north korea will exist as long as china wants it to . 
  it 's essentially a buffer state between china and what it perceives as us interests . 
  it is no secret that the chinese despise american influence in east asia . 
  their most important long term security interest is to secure the so-called `` first island chain . '', 
  this is an area that extends from southern japan to taiwan and the philippines , and encompassing the entirety of the south china sea . 
  as of now , the united states is the dominant power in asia , and controls the commons , much to the chagrin of china , which is still struggling to overcome what it considers to be its humiliation over the past several centuries . 
  as long as north korea is around , they will continue to be a nuisance for the us , south korea , and japan . 
  this forces those countries to divert more time and energy to that region , freeing up opportunities for china to expand its influence elsewhere . 
  a reunified korean peninsula would only weaken china 's position in the region . 
  chinese policy has pretty much always been to maintain the status quo . 
  this may be an overblown fear , however , as korean unification would be an extremely difficult task . 
  when west and east germany reunified , the west 's gdp per capita was three times higher . 
  right now , south korea 's is eighteen times higher than north korea 's . 
  the situation between the north and south is essentially a continuation of the cold war that slowly being modified into a microcosm for the growing rivalry between the us and china . 
  i really hope reunification happens someday without any sort of bloodshed , but i 'm not optimistic . 
  estonia will always be my favorite country that i know almost nothing about . 
  estonia more progressive than nordic . 
  now nordic can not into estonia . 
  whoa . 
  what if the person has multiple personality disorder ? 
  ireland and the british , ireland and the eu ... there 's a joke in here somewhere . 
  in the us , american football/handegg is the most popular , followed by baseball , basketball , hockey , and then football/soccer . 
  a pan-european armed forces would n't necessarily need the sum of its member states equipment , infrastructure , and associated bureaucracy . 
  that 's one of the nice things about centralization . 
  there would also be a lot of savings to be had by reducing redundancies . 
  do you have any information behind the postcard ? 
  this seems like it would be nazi propaganda . 
  mediterranean coast , london , paris , and amsterdam . 
  sounds about right . 
   i have to say that i do n't think this is valid for the new generations . 
  they are , like many start-ups nowadays , born global . 
  hence they present different characteristics . 
  this is a very insightful comment . 
  globalization has changed the world a great deal in the past twenty years . 
  europe in particular has witnessed it to the greatest degree . 
  the continent , once split into two ideological camps has slowly been unifying . 
  a developed and rich continent with so many small countries is bound to represent globalization better than any other . 
  convergence of language , politics , economics , and culture have blurred the lines between national quirks and characters . 
  it will be interesting to see what the world will be like fifty years from now , when pre-globalization generations are no longer around . 
  brits and americans are family after all . 
  landmines are scary as fuck . 
  are they being removed ? 
  estonia ** small .
