  a mutli-speed europe has existed since the late 1980s/early 1990s . 
  britain and ireland are n't in schengen , britain and denmark are n't in the euro , britain opted out of some social clauses etc. 
   at least in the british civil service , there 's a degree of accountability . 
  not any more so than with the european commission . 
  they 're both textbook bureaucracies . 
  it 's just that the commission is accountable to all of the eu , not just britain . 
   i ca n't object to close ties to the us . 
  same language and similar culture , even if they perhaps are n't as civilised as australia or canada yet . 
  there is a middle-ground between superpower and irrelevant semi-protectorate . 
  britain is n't the only eu country with close ties to the us though , just the one with the closest . 
  a further integrated eu is a stronger partner for the us than britain alone . 
   i 'm sorry , but people like that old fart schmidt coming out and writing off our opposition as delusions of grandeur , when it 's not , you know , nearly 1000 years of independence and nobody wanting to end that without a fight . 
  how is taking pride in 1000 years of defending against invasion and applying it to the eu not a delusion of grandeur ? 
  as if integration somehow undoes that 1000 years of history . 
  i meant independence among individuals , not the state itself . 
  the number of people i 've met who think britain can just trade more or pursue closer ties with the commonwealth , as if it 's as easy as flipping a switch , is disturbingly high . 
  regardless , it 's not like british euroscepticism is an arcane and new phenomenon only understandable by the brits . 
  it 's been studied for decades . 
  the vast majority of europeans , regardless of country , have nearly no idea what the eu actually is . 
  the difference between britain and the rest is that the media have purported even if the british public wholly understood their scaled back role in the world , the government sure as hell does n't , otherwise it would n't be spending billions on new aircraft carriers , nuclear subs , numerous military expeditions , and bend over backwards to maintain its close relationship with the us . 
  federalists exist in every european country . 
  yea , it 's more popular in germany than in other countries , but this has more to do with germany 's size and it 's reluctance to involve itself in global affairs to a greater degree . 
  armenia wants the russian military bases there because it acts as a deterrent against azerbaijan . 
  i recall reading a few years back that a majority of armenians wanted to join the eu . 
  that may have changed since , but the government 's first priority is to protect itself , and that means by placating russia . 
  when you 're abroad , and people ask you where you 're from , do you answer north carolina or the us ? 
  i could believe this . 
  i 'm not necessarily sure it 's correlated to the size of the state . 
  i 'm from california , and i ca n't recall ever meeting someone who thought of themselves as californian first and american second . 
  texas i could see , however , given their characteristics of self-reliance and independence . 
  russia offered more than the eu was able to do . 
  the eu has had to provide structural and regional funds to poorer states as well as bailout greece , ireland , portugal , and spanish banks . 
  yanukovych was asking for 20 billion euros a year from the eu . 
  this is n't true . 
  people generally identify as american , then californian . 
  it 's markedly different from europe , where people identify as both swedish , and european , for example . 
  a single market requires common institutions to draft and implement laws and regulations , as well as to provide oversight . 
  these common institutions subsequently require legitimacy through a common political space . 
  the only advanced single market in the world is the eu . 
  nothing else comes close . 
  this is not what globalization is . 
  globalization is the increased exchange of ideas , culture , goods , and services among countries . 
  the vast majority of what free trade does is remove tariff barriers to trade . 
  a single market exists to remove non-tariff barriers to trade , such as redundant laws and agencies . 
  it takes it a great deal further . 
  i have a feeling most people do n't actually understand what the single market is . 
  i 've heard that rasmussen is more likely to be picked for the high rep. 
  i never suggested that small countries ca n't punch above their weight . 
  the point is that the eu 's potential is far greater than britain 's alone . 
  free trade is good and all , but a single market is even better . 
  when you have mutual recognition , reduced redundancy , and common laws governing 28 countries , the economic potential for a country is much greater than with just a free trade area . 
  there was a time when the uk was the largest contributor to the eu 's budget . 
  this is no longer the case . 
  they receive all the benefits while paying much less than france , italy , and germany . 
  because it is a small country in a world of increasingly powerful big countries . 
  if britain wants to retain a respectable amount of global influence in the future , it has to do so though the eu . 
  if britons are alright with retreating from global affairs and worrying about their own island , then by all means , they should leave the eu . 
  i do n't see this is the case , given that this country created the world 's largest empire . 
  i 've always loved the relationship between france and britain . 
  there 's nothing else like it . 
  it was the largest part . 
  de gaulle , the nationalist that he was , felt marginalized by the uk and us . 
  he wanted a tripartite command of nato made up of the us , uk and france . 
  that did n't happen . 
  he was always wary of american influence and envious of the relationship britain had with the us . 
  he saw early integration efforts as a way to increase french power in continental affairs . 
  how ? 
  germany was beaten into submission and reshaped in the image of the allies . 
  britain was n't . 
  how dare you forget the mighty pitcairn islands !, 
  i 'm actually upset that khodorkovsky said he would n't get involved in politics . 
  granted , he would n't be able to do it from inside russia , but there needs to be a strong critic of putin . 
  he was one of the few people that putin saw as a threat . 
  nevertheless , if he focuses on helping other political prisoners in russia , then it 's a step in the right direction . 
  he 's not wrong . 
   the british are very stubborn . 
  the queen , the commonwealth and the special relationship with the us is much more important than europe . 
  britain peaked in the early 20th century . 
  despite that , it 's been able to retain a great amount of influence for its size . 
  the problem is that a lot of people do n't seem to understand that britain 's relative decline is n't over . 
  whether they like it or not , britain 's future is tied most closely to europe 's future . 
  the commonwealth has little significance , and the special relationship will be less important for the us if they leave the eu . 
  it 's saddening to see just how much this country is in denial . 
  maybe even a `` literally hitler . '', 
  not just that , but the member states are also reluctant to set a precedent for use of eu forces as it may slowly erode national sovereignty on the matter . 
  cameron has never really cared about the issue . 
  that 's why he does n't really have a policy on europe . 
  debt as a percentage of gdp is n't indicative of the stability of debt . 
  many countries have a very high debt to gdp ratio , but maintain fairly high creditworthiness . 
  the most important thing is whether or not markets feel that the governments are able to pay them back . 
  i was wondering whether to go for citizenship in the uk or belgium . 
  i think i found my answer . 
  because a missile defense system is less effective when the missile it must defend against is fired from within europe . 
  it 's about maintaining nuclear parity with the us and nato . 
  the us is 72 % white . 
  that sounds like a challenge , kraut !, 
  ehh , close enough . 
  i really wish sweden would drop the whole neutrality schtick . 
  and ireland . 
  and austria .
