  it attracts a great deal of foreign direct investment , and has an enormous population to which companies can bring their product/services to market . 
  the eu , despite all its success thus far , falls well short of the ability to manipulate its economy in the way that a sovereign state can . 
  couple all of these with the fact that boston ( and the united states at large ) has had more than two centuries of fairly consistent political and economic stability , giving it ideal conditions to prosper . 
  greece , by contrast , had been characterized by instability until the end of the military 's rule . 
  tldr : comparing cities with countries is stupid . 
  i 'm an american europhile planning to move to and study in london . 
  the uk and the us are not as culturally similar as people in both countries like to think . 
  the uk is much more similar to continental europe , despite some major rifts . 
  the `` special relationship '' is taken for granted in the us . 
  though most americans consider the brits our greatest ally , they do n't think of the relationship as one based on parity . 
  we expect the brits to support us on nearly every foreign policy issue . 
  this is the biggest issue i have with the uk . 
  the eagerness to have the ear of the superpower , which is more than most countries can say . 
  however , the us does n't really * need * the uk . 
  as such , i 've always found it incredibly disheartening that britain , one of the quintessential european powers , has appeared more aloof in modern europe than its former rivals and enemies . 
  despite what naysayers may think , the uk does have to choose between the us and the eu at some point . 
  the us is an established superpower , and the eu has the potential to be a superpower . 
  the uk can either decide to remain at a distance from europe and remain fairly subservient to the us , or it can be an integral component of a new european political system . 
  the 21st century is going to be about superpower politics . 
  the us , china , russia , india , brazil , and the eu will be the most important nations . 
  the uk , if it fails to embrace the eu , will experience further relative decline , at a much more rapid pace . 
  i wish it would embrace europe to make it whole . 
  i 've always been curious how long , if ever , the hitler ` stache would take to be socially acceptable again . 
  it 's a good thing they conquered a quarter of the world then . 
  indian food is fantastic . 
  good riddance . 
  maybe the party will learn a lesson from this whole debacle . 
  when 75 % of your party is to the left of the majority of labour , you do n't choose a leader from the 25 % that is to the right of labour . 
  clegg has no backbone . 
  he ca n't be gone soon enough . 
  and herein lies with biggest problem with the european union : it lacks a strong , central government . 
  nothing substantial can be done to stymie the crisis because of state politics . 
  wow . 
  look at the nile river delta . 
  europe , the 51st state of the united states under president george bush iii . 
  english is as close to a common language that europe will have . 
  having a multilingual populace will preserve the cultural differences that make europe what it is . 
  i 'm about as pro-european as they come , but i would n't want to see a single european team . 
  even though i think nationalism is incredibly stupid and counterproductive , i like that in sports it can manifest itself into friendly rivalry and competition . 
  despite my hope to emigrate from the us to europe , i still cheer for the us in the olympics and other sporting events , simply because it 's fun . 
  i live in the bay area . 
  it 's fairly well known that the bay area has among the highest percentage of college graduates of a statistical area ( i 've been under the impression that it is either the highest , or second only to the boston area . ), 
  thus , there is a huge supply of highly skilled workers in the labor market in the area . 
  a lot of the first successful tech companies , such as apple and google , started in california . 
  these two companies grew into behemoths that have attracted top tier tech talent from across the world , effectively creating the silicon valley that we are familiar with . 
  all it took was a few start-ups in the same area to get the ball rolling . 
  now things start to get interesting . 
  looks like there were n't any private emails that might have indicated a hint of charisma . 
  absolutely loved it . 
  it was different from beijing , and rightfully so . 
  i was n't a fan of the digital age stuff , nor the children 's stories bit ( though the 100 foot tall voldemort was pretty cool ) . 
  i came away very impressed . 
  my hat 's off to danny boyle and the brits for creating an impressive ceremony . 
  shorter list : * form a federation, 
  the slowdown in the chinese economy is also largely in part due to the slowdown in the european economy . 
  the slowdown in both is slowing down the american economy , which then slows down the chinese and european economies , which then slow each other down , which slow down the american economy , which slows down other economies , which slow down other economies , which slow down some more economies . 
  so essentially she wants the ecb to be a lender of last resort . 
  this is hardly a new idea . 
  the problem still remains of the loss of investor confidence . 
  additionally , acting as a lender of last resort creates more inflation , which is something that the german government has been opposed to from the beginning of the crisis . 
   the idea of another republican in power in washington freaks me out . 
  once more . 
  this frenchman knows what he 's talking about . 
   well , i like obama aswell . 
  however , i 'm wondering if we like him because all the others are so much more fucked up and he just looks good in comparison , or because he 's actually a good politician . 
  american and registered democrat here . 
  obama comes across as a genuinely awesome person , and i think has done a much better job than bush in almost every aspect of governance . 
  the democrats are europe 's conservatives , and unfortunately i identify most closely with europe 's socialists and greens . 
  thus , the two party system fails people such as myself than any others . 
  obama looks great to me relative to the republicans , but on most issues , i am much further to the left of him . 
  he is a very talented politician , but i imagine that from a european perspective , a lot of the things he does seem silly ( wearing a flag pin on his lapel , always saying `` god bless america '' etc. ) . 
  unfortuantely , these inane actions are critical to becoming successful in american politics . 
  our political culture is vastly different from the rest of the developed world . 
   following a `` technical moment of insolvency , '' her plan calls for the state to inject fresh capital into the banks so that they can continue serving those sectors that are required for the economy to function . 
  in other words , they would manage customer accounts and extend loans to companies in the real economy , thereby fending off a recession . 
  much of the investment banking sector , on the other hand , would be liquidated as part of the insolvency proceedings . 
  so her plan is to have every country in the eurozone with debt in excess of 60 % undergo a partial default in order to reach that threshold , then have each state inject capital into their banks . 
  would n't these states have to borrow money in order to inject enough capital into the banks ? 
  not only that , but a partial default in most of these countries would completely destroy investor confidence in government bonds . 
  with no investor confidence , the borrowing rates for countries like germany would shoot up , only exacerbating one of the current problems : a massive discrepancy in borrowing rates among eurozone countries . 
  i 'm no economist , but this seems like a terrible idea . 
  what a piece of work this guy is . 
   meanwhile , china is rising and starting to throw its own weight around . 
  of course the us is going to reorient itself towards the east . 
  i 'm not sure why this is seen as an alliance that is `` fading '' . 
  the us and europe are still almost in perfect lockstep on most issues . 
  i agree with you about this . 
  europe , particularly in the past 20 years , has really consolidated itself politically and economincally . 
  the end of the cold war left russia as a great power , but certainly nowhere near the importance the soviet union had . 
  as a result , america 's relationship with europe became less important due to the lack of a substantial threat to both the us and europe . 
  china 's rise was a long time coming , and is finally forcing american attention in asia in a major way . 
  japan , south korea , taiwain and other countries are going to become as , if not more , important for american foreign and defense policy in this century than western europe was in the last . 
   what ? 
  the us had to be dragged kicking and screaming into the libyan debacle . 
  this is not quite true . 
  we were happy to provide our services , and did end up doing the bulk of reconnaisance and intelligence gathering , as well as 25 % of the sorties . 
  it really was n't a huge debate in american politics . 
  the american elecorate and many members of congress were concerned with getting entangled in another war . 
  thus , our policy from the beginning was to take a more behind the scenes role , and let france , britain , and italy lead the charge . 
  i go to school in washington , dc and want to study european public policy or political economy in london because it 's a major european city and i do n't have a strong enough grasp of a second language to study elsewhere .
