  and some british complain that the us is a shitty ally . 
  better than a zoo . 
  why do people like you actually think like this ? 
  do you just latch on to any conspiracy theory you come across ? 
  i thought thatcher destroyed the uk 's salt mining industry . 
  shame , i like his eu and foreign policy , but i understand that the economy takes precedence among most french . 
  you could have quoted a more relevant part of my comment then , or just responded to my earlier comment . 
  it was a metaphorical punch , as in it can absorb the consequences of losing a member better than the member can absorb the consequences of leaving . 
  that 's nato , not the eu . 
  the eu itself has a mission in afghanistan to help train and supply the afghan police . 
  britain drags its feet too . 
  france was flying combat missions in syria before the uk . 
  if by dragged you mean joining voluntarily , then sure . 
   you realise the eu suffers as well ? 
  yea , but the difference is the reu is ~ 7x as big as the uk . 
  it can take a punch better than the uk can . 
   loses a security seat this is n't really that important given that the eu does n't have a shared seat , france has veto power , the uk/us/france are usually in lockstep , and that the permanent members ignore the unsc when its an impediment anyway . 
   quarter of its military strength the eu 's military integration is incredibly barebones . 
  brexit actually provides an opportunity for the eu to become more powerful in foreign and defense policy because britain acted as the proverbial brake on integration in this area . 
  with them out of the picture , integration is this area is more likely . 
  let 's also be entirely honest here : france and the uk are already in the third tier of great powers after the us , russia , and china , and they 're still trending downward . 
  brexit will only accelerate that downward trend for the uk . 
  furthermore , the uk and france are generally incapable of performing any substantial military operation without some kind of support from the us . 
   its largest aid giver this is true , however there have been a movement away from traditional development aid with strings-attached ( which usually include steps toward democratiziation ) to providing the least developed countries with less stringent grants , loans , and greater market access ( e.g. 
  [ everything but arms ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/everything_but_arms ) ) . 
  the eu 's market is more valuable than britain 's to africa . 
  china often makes the news for its investments in africa , which carries fewer conditions than traditional development aid . 
  the us is beginning to adopt this model as well , partly to combat chinese influence in africa . 
   its only major financial hub this is the eu 's biggest loss , but its not like paris and frankfurt are negligible . 
  furthermore , if brexit is indeed a hard brexit , london will invariably lose business to other places on the continent , even if they are n't located in a single city . 
  the eu is bigger , richer , and more powerful than the uk . 
  the impact of brexit on the eu will be spread across 27 countries . 
  the impact of brexit on the uk will be spread across just one . 
  what i love is that everyone is seemingly focused on the economic aspects of leaving the eu , while few talk about how much less political influence in both europe and the world britain will have as a result . 
  a britain outside of the eu makes it less useful to every single one of its allies . 
  the eu is n't just an economic club . 
  how 's your freshman european history class going ? 
  `` if you do n't want to be a mom then keep your pants on . '', 
   fake security remind me which nato member has been invaded by russia since 1949 ? 
  read any comprehensive european history book that spans 1945 to today . 
  read wikipedia . 
  read the eu 's website . 
  for more scholarly works , read stanley hoffman , ernst b. haas , and andrew moravcsik . 
  there are plenty of other important scholars in the field of eu studies , but those are the big three . 
  the technical expertise necessary to land people on the moon and bring them back alive far exceeds sending an unmanned probe to a comet . 
  particularly during an era with incredibly limited computers and a smaller pool of knowledge about spaceflight in general . 
  i do n't understand how this is even debatable . 
  in my mind , the moon landings are literally the most amazing thing man has ever accomplished . 
  it 's not an uncommon opinion by any means . 
  i would be saying the same thing if the soviets had done it . 
  rosetta is cool , but there have been dozens of similar unmanned exploration missions to more interesting destinations . 
   germany is n't only beer , hitler and schnitzel . 
  right , you forgot the kaiser . 
  well , you 're entitled to your opinion , but i think putting any unmanned mission above the apollo program is ridiculous . 
  these videos are great . 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  i mean , it was a cool mission , but it was n't even the most interesting unmanned exploration mission . 
  i 'd personally give that to either the voyagers or cassini-huygens . 
  furthermore , the moon landings are probably the strongest contender for the greatest achievement in human history . 
  they proved we are capable of colonizing other worlds . 
  the ingenuity , money , and man-hours that went into the apollo program dwarf any other space program . 
  the us intervened in syria before france . 
  the war in afghanistan is fundamentally different from the iraq war and the fallout that led to the recent and current interventions in libya , syria , and iraq . 
  the us was attacked by a terrorist group given safe harbor by the afghan government . 
  we invoked nato 's article v and every member came to our aid . 
  that 's called solidarity , not one member cleaning up another 's mess . 
  yes , but french airstrikes in syria and iraq are n't new . 
  what else is he supposed to say , `` run for the hills ? '', 
   emojis -- happy face , sad face , or wink will become part of language and facial expressions . 
  but soft , wut lite thru yonder window breaks ? 
  it is the east , and juliet is the sun . 
  lol juliet u wild , wyd, 
   you guys seem to think that the eu is much more `` connected '' than it actually is . 
  i 'm very well aware of the current structure of and political culture in the eu . 
   do n't get me wrong i would really like to see us closer together but the reality is that there is a long way to go until we are able to build a working military together . 
  i know , but i was responding to someone who was advocating for certain areas of the military to become a single country 's domain . 
  this is a terrible idea and a step backward from what currently exists . 
  it 's better to integrate smaller , but wholly european , units together and have it gradually grow larger . 
  if so , i 'd like to make a few suggestions : the region formerly known as ile-de-france nor man 's dy it 's brittany , bitch, 
  you know what 's less complicated and cheaper than that ? 
  the eu orders and builds its own carriers , destroyers , corvettes , frigates , submarines , and jets and then mans them with european soldiers rather than meeting arbitrary national quotas to make sure the member states do n't feel insecure about their nationhood . 
   know why i voted out ? 
  because i do n't trust a foreign entity to make decisions , especially ones that are in our interests . 
  that fact that you view what is essentially another layer of government in which you are fairly and democratically represented as a foreign entity means you are beyond the point of no return . 
  no one will ever convince you that the eu is a good thing . 
   i do n't care about globalisation , i do n't care about immigration , i do n't care about any of your exhibits . 
  i fundamentally believe the european project is fundamentally flawed in the way it is managed and setup . 
  the majority of the problems that exist within the eu are from national governments protecting their interests . 
  correct . 
  there are only two ways to correct this problem : abandon the project entirely or give the eu more power at the expense of the member states ' governments . 
   for me , thats the problem , the european project tried monetary union before financial union or political union . 
  the uk has all these unions and it works by distributing money between all countries , to equal it out regardless of how bad it is . 
  the eu problem is each country still sees the other as competition . 
  your country is full of people who have , for decades , complained about how the government continuously neglects large swathes of it by focusing on london and the southeast . 
   nothing i 've seen over the decades has demonstrated that the eu is willing or capable of changing , and any changes that are made have caveats or are the wrong direction . 
  there has been a major treaty roughly every ten years since the ecsc was formed . 
  i am continuously impressed at the public 's pathetic lack of knowledge of the eu that the brexit vote has put on full display . 
  at first i thought this was a satirical piece . 
  german cars .
