  the eurozone is more closely integrated than the rest of the eu . 
  the french government in particular loves the idea of a multi-speed europe , because france retains more influence within a smaller eu `` core . '', 
  the eurozone also precludes british influence , which is often at odds with french ideas of what the eu should be . 
  i agree . 
  i think the uk should hold a referendum as soon as possible so it can put the issue aside for a generation . 
  i really wish britain would get on board with the whole idea of integration , but then i realize the process would be so much easier without it . 
  the situation is such a mess . 
  and the uk 's incessant whining and complaining elicits these kinds of statements . 
  i ca n't for the life of me think why the us would want to minimize russian influence . 
  oh god i 've goofed . 
  they 're closer to europeans than they are to americans . 
  that much i can say with some degree of certainty . 
  yea , why would anyone want to be part of one of the richest and most powerful countries on earth ? 
  oh please , the uk has become one of the most xenophobic countries in the western world . 
  it 's not xenophobic like some countries the middle east and asia , but it sure as hell is n't canada or the united states . 
   do these researches you quote actually explain how the poor in england are worse off than before the eu accession it 's not that they are worse off after having joined the eu . 
  it 's that the lower classes are more eurosceptic because they do n't experience firsthand some of the benefits of being in the eu . 
  for example , a poor family in northern england that has n't left the country in ten years is not going to be driving across the now hassle-free border between france and germany on holiday . 
  if you 're interested , i suggest reading euroclash by neil fligstein . 
  he writes a lot about euroscepticism and european identity . 
  it 's actually a very well researched topic . 
  the poor tend to be more eurosceptic than middle and upper classes because they see less of the benefits of the eu ( open borders , erasmus , etc. ), 
  people ( brits in particular ) love to say that the eu is a bureaucratic nightmare . 
  can you show me how it 's any worse than your national bureaucracy ? 
  only 5 % of the budget is spent on administration . 
  look at all those landlocked countries britain ca n't invade . 
   yes , but would n't a truly federalized european union be no different than a nation-state ? 
  correct , but as of now it 's somewhere in between an international organization and a state . 
  it 's unique . 
  if every continent unified into a single federal state , and then those states eventually unified into a single federal state , we 'd probably stop calling it a state , since there would be a singular highest authority on the planet . 
   everybody considers the united states to be a nation-state , but under the articles of confederation , it started out exactly as it name implies , 13 sovereign states in union . 
  the difference is that the states started off very similar to each other . 
  the same is not true for the eu , au , asean , and unasur . 
  the colonies were largely homogenous . 
  the states did have a high degree of autonomy , but they were all part of a single country , which was internationally recognized . 
  it can not be used as an analogy for regional integration . 
   as it evolved , integrated more and solidified it 's federalization , that changed . 
  so i ask , why would n't it change with the european union ? 
  i 'd argue the same thing happens with nearly every country that has undergone a unification process . 
  they always start off as loose collections of territories that gradually unify into a single entity . 
  the eu is no exception . 
  the articles of confederation is formally named the articles of confederation and perpetual union , meaning that although the states had a high degree of autonomy , they were not allowed to leave the union . 
  this meant that the states were not entirely sovereign , since they did not have the authority to leave the union . 
  the same is not true for the eu . 
   the foundations are in place , they are nowhere near as far reaching , they do pale in comparison and are arguably pathetic in their reach but then again that would all have applied to the ecsc at its formation not true . 
  the ecsc was still a supranational entity that controlled the coal and steel markets of the member states . 
  there is no analogous body in any other regional organization at present . 
  asean , unasur , and the au are all almost entirely intergovernmental . 
  their membership have not even given up the degree of sovereignty to a supranational authority that the original six did in the ecsc . 
   give it time and you may well see full on integration of these regions as we have seen in europe . 
  i think we will as well , but it will be a very , very long time . 
   as for the us it was n't the same but it was similar , the us expanded from the original 13 into the 50 states we see today , the sovereignty was always there but it had to be built up over the continent much like the eu has been it was n't similar . 
  the us has been a sovereign state for as long as it has existed . 
  it was never a collection of different countries with different languages , cultures , histories etc. 
  it started as a collection of highly autonomous states with a weak central government , but that only lasted for thirteen years . 
  the us never had to `` build up '' sovereignty . 
  sovereignty is implied in statehood . 
  the same is not true of regional organizations such as the eu . 
  the us has been a sovereign state since independence . 
  it was n't the result of regional integration . 
  the eu is the only entity in history that has integrated a region as big as far as it has . 
  the african union , unasur , and asean all pale in comparison . 
   look , in a perfect utopia , i would n't want there to be any borders . 
  i think you 'd probably agree with me on that . 
  yet , i 'm not sure if that 's even possible just because of human nature i 'm with you here . 
  countries are the largest forms of tribes . 
  it 's actually one of the reasons i like the eu ; it 's the first step of human societal organization beyond the nation-state . 
  to me , the eu seems like an experiment in global governance , albeit on a small scale . 
  being pro-eu is not the same as being a european nationalist . 
  it 's no secret that the majority of this subreddit is pro-eu , but not all for the same reasons , just like the european population at large . 
  some people like the eu solely for economic reasons , some because it 's the antithesis of nationalism , some because they feel a connection with a european identity . 
  it 's a unique issue , but i would not consider positive feeling toward the eu nationalist or patriotic at all . 
  and yet it 's continually proven doomsayers wrong . 
  oil and natural gas exports are a massive part of the norwegian economy . 
  once it dries up , most of the infrastructure will become a burden , and the workers will have to be reintegrated into a new workforce . 
  there will be a major rebalancing of the economy . 
  the sovereign wealth fund will certainly help , but it would be foolish to underestimate how difficult a transition it will be . 
  i think it 's possible in my lifetime . 
  norway 's oil will have to run out and switzerland 's banks will have to go bust . 
  iceland only recently put their application on hold . 
  andorra , monaco , and san marino are in many ways already largely affected by the eu ( e.g. 
  they all use the euro . ), 
  they 're also very small countries , so i would n't be upset if they never joined . 
  the balkans are the main focus of enlargement at present . 
  some are currently candidates , while others are preparing to apply for membership . 
  kosovo is the biggest wild card at present , since it is not recognized by four eu member states , i believe . 
  i think turkey should be included as well . 
  despite the obstacles facing it , i think it will join by 2030 . 
  erdogan and the akp will have to go , and france and germany will have to reengage turkey . 
  ( merkel has already urged rejuvenating the process ) . 
  the map looks much nicer with all those countries included as well . 
  has there ever been any serious consideration given to tearing that monstrosity down ? 
   true , but ca n't it do both ? 
  one of the main gripes of the united states is that europe ca n't `` take care of it 's back yard '' and that operations like libya could draw away u.s. forces from the overall `` pivot to the pacific '' that we 're undertaking , so would n't this be a pretty effective fix-all . 
  france and the united kingdom already provide nuclear protection , and it seems the united states is n't so keen anymore on helping conventionally ( libya , mali ) . 
  i mean , i truly do n't think it 's that implausible , as we 've already considered cutting our european budget by 1/5th [ 1 ] . 
  yea , the us does want europe to do more militarily , but not within a framework that challenges nato . 
  the us would support greater cooperation , and most importantly , greater military spending , by european states . 
  any strong common security and defense policy , that includes a mutual defense clause , such as nato 's article v , would raise red flags in washington . 
  the us wants the eu to be the junior partner in the west , not an equal , and certainly not the senior .
