  you 're all mostly between 1 % and 2 % . 
  this would make europe a more potent global force and less of the weak junior partner in nato that it is now . 
  before seeing this map i thought the only significant mountain range on the iberian peninsula was the pyrenees . 
  7 february 2044 . 
  should we do the same for sakha republic for russia , nunavut for canada , and tibet for china ? 
  ... why are n't you counting alaska ? 
   the actual occupation of the fourth-largest nation in the world third largest, 
  i love these words . 
  i do n't know if we would n't strike targets inside russian territory with missiles and aircraft . 
  i suspect we would , but still would n't invade . 
  we would still destroy a lot of their equipment on our territory and rest assured that their economy would be destroyed by western , if not global , sanctions and embargoes . 
  nato doctrine has also always been , in the event of a war , to push russia back to its borders and no further . 
  by not invading russia , it is hoped that it would prevent further escalation . 
  nato was never designed to be an existential threat to the soviet union/russia . 
  rest assured that we would bomb the shit out of them in nato territory , though . 
  this is ridiculous . 
  the european union is n't going to change significantly either its structure or membership over the next decade . 
  the most realistic hypothetical scenario is the uk leaving , but even that is very unlikely . 
  i 'm so sick of reading articles and analytical pieces predicting the imminent collapse or fundamental reworking of the eu because of the current state of its economy . 
  it 's the biggest problem the eu has ever faced , sure , but it 's being dealt with ( albeit in an inefficient and slow manner ) . 
  the eu is , first and foremost , a political project . 
  it and its predecessors were aimed at continental unification . 
  it just so happens that this project has a primarily economic character because people do n't really give a shit whether telecoms should be regulated at the national or european level . 
  too many people see the eu as an economic organization , rather than what is actually is : a confederation . 
  europe is richer and more powerful today than at any time since 1939 . 
  in the seventy years since the end of world war ii , europe has only become * more * integrated . 
  even when membership of the eu has expanded , it has always been accompanied by a deepening of integration . 
  trade imbalances and excessive debt are n't going to reverse this trend , nor will they undo this work altogether . 
  and if it did , then europe would have no worthwhile future . 
  luxembourg should strap a bomb onto a cesna 172 so that it can do some of the heavy lifting too . 
  i fear you might be underestimating russia 's military power . 
  not even china is a match for them . 
  if russia really committed itself to an outright , full scale invasion of the baltics , they could have them in a day or two . 
  nato has historically said that the baltics are virtually indefensible . 
  nato doctrine is first and foremost to act as a deterrent to russian aggression , and secondly to provide a swift counterattack to retake the baltics . 
  do people really still believe that we invaded iraq for oil ? 
  if having to deal with some popular backlash is necessary to have europe as our junior partner , i 'm all for that . 
  i would n't want the us to be in europe 's position . 
  it 's not that they do n't care , since they all have opinions on foreign policy and international affairs . 
  it 's more that germany does n't come close to the uk or france in international influence , military power , or the degree of development of its diplomatic network . 
  germany 's global role is almost entirely defined by its economy . 
  germany is really just an oversized regional power . 
  france has historically been opposed to that , despite the occasionally contradictory rhetoric . 
  yes , because national governments continue to resist giving the eu more supranational power . 
  your government more than any other is the main reason why the eu is not as democratic as it could be . 
  intergovernmentalism is slow , undemocratic , and inefficient . 
  the eu is a compromise between supranationalism and intergovernmentalism . 
  you would end up with something that looks very similar . 
  norway has a sixth of the population of venezuela and , again , is part of the single market . 
  historically , it has also been much more politically stable . 
  norway has access to the single market . 
  it is an eu member in all but name and political rights . 
  but let 's not pretend that oil is n't the main reason why norway is rich . 
  switzerland has a more nuanced deal with the eu that allows it to pick and choose which parts of european law it wants to implement . 
  it also has a strong tradition of neutrality and historically significant financial sector . 
  it is also right in between three of the continent 's biggest economies . 
  it has always been a great place to stash your money . 
  not every country has the same options as these two . 
  it also helps that they 're small countries with very specific industries that are disproportionately developed . 
  eu investment and redistribution is one of the main reasons why spain , greece , portugal , and increasingly the former eastern bloc members are n't completely impoverished nations . 
   ehhhh ... what would become the eu did n't * really * start forming until 1957 , almost a decade after europe began its miraculous economic recovery through marshall plan money . 
  the ecsc was proposed in 1950 and entered into force in 1952 . 
  the eec borrowed most of its institutional framework from the ecsc . 
   and plans were coming together to make europe a more peaceful place starting in the mid-late 1940s . 
  there have been countless attempts throughout europe 's thousands of years of recorded history to create a lasting peace . 
  integration is the only one that has worked . 
  although it is also true that the advent of nuclear weapons and a common existentional threat in the soviet union also helped the continent become peaceful . 
  i like how you immediately went to wwii era europe even though i clearly stated `` any of the versions of europe that existed prior to the 1950s . '', 
  europe has never had it as good as it does now . 
  the above commenter was suggesting that a brexit would have a cascading effect , leading more and more eu members to leave . 
  europe is richer and more peaceful than it has ever been , largely thanks to the eu . 
  far too many people take for granted the achievements of the eu . 
  roll them back and europe would be tangibly worse off in nearly every regard . 
  i 'm vehemently pro-eu , but i honestly do n't give a shit how britain ends up voting . 
  if they leave , then time will vindicate the pro-eu camp and hopefully humble the country 's stance on integration . 
  if they stay , then it 's business as usual . 
  yes , let 's bring back any of the versions of europe that existed prior to the 1950s . 
  that would be great . 
  empires were built through conquest . 
  the eu was built through consent . 
  any country is free to leave at any time . 
  no one is forcing them to stick together at the barrel of a gun . 
  if a united europe feels that it ca n't oppose the united states on something as mundane as trade policy , it deserves any rotten deal it gets . 
  thought he was a more competent politician than this . 
  a lot of people can still be wrong . 
  on the eu : a force for good in europe and the world with an increasingly squandered potential for superpower status . 
  always blamed for europe 's woes , but never credited for its successes . 
  on europe : a beautiful continent with a rich , long history , varied cultures , and an idyllic lifestyle for the average citizen . 
  unfortunately , i also think that many europeans conflate european norms and values with global ones . 
  for example , europe does not value hard power the way the rest of the world does , and the rest of the world does n't value multilateralism the way europe does . 
  europe has often been described as existing in a bubble . 
  i think this is true to a large degree . 
  suffer , just like every generation of russians before them . 
  yes , greece has been mismanaged at the eu level , but primarily at the national level . 
  the opaqueness of their financial situation for the better part of a decade is not the eu 's fault . 
  furthermore , if you 're going to assign blame to the eu for greece 's economy , then surely you would agree that it also deserves credit for helping it develop in the first place , along with spain , portugal , and the former communist countries . 
  national governments and the electorate . 
  the same as it has been since 1979 . 
  if i ca n't have my way , no one can !, 
  i think you mean the great state of checkland .
