   i do n't think any of these are necessarily likely , only more likely than the reverse situation , where he decides to throw himself into europe . 
  i agree with this , though it is still hard to determine what will happen in the uk over the course of the next few years . 
  the eurozone might solve its problems and return to economic growth , bringing popular support for european federalization along with it . 
  it is also possible that the euro fails and europe is thrust into a deep recession . 
  only time will tell . 
  mr. cameron does not want a national referendum on europe , partly because he understands the benefits of british eu membership , and partly because he himself is not a euroskeptic . 
  he may not be the most pro-european mp , but he sure is n't the least . 
  he 's a talented politician , and as such will find a way to make sure a national referendum is triggered . 
  because the european union itself defies thousands of years of european history . 
   europe should be looking to the uk for wisdom . 
  we 're the most stable country on the planet , historically the most important . 
  fascism and communism have never held sway here , nor come close to it . 
  we maintain a healthy scepticism of big government , of centralisation , of statism , of surrendering powers to great big undemocratic behemoths . 
  nationalist rhetoric does not convince me that european federalization is something to be feared . 
  so now that the world is a lot larger , british power on the global stage has declined tremendously . 
  perhaps that may be alright for the average brit , but i have a hard time imagining that most would n't want a say in european affairs . 
  i agree that the voters would , were it put to a national referendum , at least at this point in time . 
  i 'm referring primarily to the majority of mps . 
  the conservative party is not entirely euroskeptic , and the lib dems and labour are both quite pro-european . 
   i really would n't regard this matter as done and dusted . 
  i agree that it is not , but i think we should all recognize that despite the outcome of this agreement , the fact than there even is an agreement on this scale is praiseworthy in the fight to beat back the euro crisis . 
   i see the uk leaving before i see them joining . 
  the only way i see british voters being happy with the arrangement is withdrawal with issue by issue acceptance of policy , similar to switzerland . 
  i think they would be willing to surrender their meps to get that arrangement too . 
  i find it hard to imagine that the the british would willingly give up their ability to actually actively participate in european politics via eu institutions . 
  the uk is still one of the three principal nations of western europe . 
  1000 + years of dealing with continental europe is proof enough that they wish to have a stake in european affairs at large . 
  6 non eurozone members have agreed to a new treaty . 
  sweden and the czech republic will consult their national parliaments . 
  hungary has said it needs more time to consider it . 
  of the 27 member states , only the uk rejected it outright . 
  you 're right in that we should recognize the possibility of other countries dropping out of the deal , or the deal being dropped altogether . 
  nevertheless , this has been one of the most significant developments of the crisis . 
  i 'll be honest , i 'm surprised that 6 countries outside of the eurozone have agreed to this . 
  these are countries that are legally bound to join the eurozone at some point , but can remain outside close to indefinitely . 
  the solidarity that berlin and paris have been stressing for months has finally revealed itself . 
  * europe * , not the eurozone , is in this together . 
  it looks like the united kingdom 's influence in the eu has declined precipitously . 
  a lot of tories are euroskeptics , and as such , will likely be pleased to have dodged a furthering of surrendering sovereignty to brussels . 
  however , i 'm sure that they wo n't be too pleased that their country is becoming increasingly negligible not only in international affairs , but also in european affairs . 
  it truly is disheartening that so many in the uk are euroskeptic . 
  the uk needs the eu , and the eu needs the uk . 
  i am hopeful in that i think it is only a matter of time before the uk begrudgingly embraces the european project . 
  what a clever cartoon . 
  if i recall correctly , krugman wrote in one of his articles fairly recently that the eurozone should establish a fiscal and transfer union akin to the united states . 
  the euro as it exists now it flawed , that much is certain . 
  there are two roads to go down . 
  one leads to recession , the other leads to less national sovereignty . 
  how is it surprising that support for the euro is on the decline and euroskepticism is on the rise amid this crisis ? 
  just because the people do or do not approve of something does n't justify that opinion or view . 
  in democracies , the people elect people to make these kinds of decisions for them . 
  merkel understands the euro crisis far better than the vast majority of germans . 
  it would be wise to consider her proposals , rather than dismissing them because they may be unpopular . 
  the will of the people is not necessarily a good thing . 
  if you have not done so before , i would suggest looking up the concept of `` tyranny of the majority . '', 
  these are good questions , but given the european penchant for parliamentary democracy , a president is not a given . 
  the questions you ask would be covered by a treaty , or more formally , a constitution . 
  federalization and democracy are not mutually exclusive . 
  i could even argue that the united states is more democratic than the uk or germany , for example . 
  the house of representatives is elected in full every two years , 1/3 of the senate every two years , and the president is almost directly elected . 
  the 50 states have various forms of government , some , like california , have propositions , which are effectively an experiment with direct democracy . 
  propositions are essentially issues that would normally be dealt with by the legislature that are instead left to the populace to vote on ( usually by proactive voters collecting signatures ) . 
  a hypothetical united states of europe is very much a possibility , though not any time soon . 
  it might actually be worth pursuing a master 's or doctorate program in france rather than the uk , so i can brush up on my french sooner rather than later . 
  i 'll have to look it up some more . 
  thanks for the links . 
  the linguistic barrier more than anything . 
  my french is not quite advanced enough to warrant living and studying in france at the same time . 
  very good point , though italian government debt is more heavily held by private banks across the continent ( especially france ) , mostly because it is so much larger than greece . 
  haha , thanks . 
  i 'm actually from the united states , but looking to continue my studies in the uk . 
  my goal is to end up in the french countryside . 
  there are two realistic options , the first being what boq wrote , and the second being what shamrock771 wrote . 
  the first would provide the eu with regulatory and enforcement powers of national budget proposals , but fiscal policy would still be largely set at the national level . 
  the second would mean fiscal policy is set at the eu level , rather than the national level . 
  european leaders appear to be set on the former , rather than the latter . 
  both sarkozy and merkel have advocated this idea in recent weeks . 
  it is the more likely of the two to actually be adopted , because it is politically safer , mostly because it requires surrendering less national sovereignty to brussels than the latter . 
  it is quite possible , but the process will be gradual . 
  the eurozone is likely to integrate much more quickly than those outside it , mostly out of a shared fear of recession , if not depression . 
  as such , countries like the uk will be resigned to a far less significant role not only in world affairs , but even european affairs , than they have been historically used to . 
  the uk has been the proverbial brake on integration for several decades . 
  it does n't want to be a part of monetary or fiscal union , so there 's no reason to believe it will embrace political union . 
  when european affairs come to be dominated by the eurozone , and the uk has very little say in it , self interest will likely bring it closer to europe than it has been . 
  i think there will be several levels of integration for the foreseeable future , but within a lifetime , the majority of europe will be united under a common flag . 
  it is not surprising that euro-skepticism is on the rise , given the context of the euro crisis . 
  once this crisis passes , the eu will emerge stronger than it was before , and people will likely adopt more pro-european stances . 
  anytime , i love this stuff . 
  this is why the european project is , at its core , paramount for global politics . 
  if europe can pull through this crisis , firmly setting itself upon the path to statehood , then it legitimizes supranational entities and cooperation among different peoples and countries . 
  the world needs more of this , not less . 
  if there is one human quality that needs to be eradicated , it is tribalism , be it religious , nationalist etc in nature . 
  finding ways to make people afraid or wary of one another does not help our species progress at the rate it should . 
  it 's really , *** really *** hard to imagine merkel as an equivalent to washington . 
  she 's an intelligent and calculating politician , but she is as uncharismatic as they come . 
  putin is becoming increasingly unpopular . 
  it was just this past week that he was booed by the crowd at a mixed martial arts event . 
  this is surprising , given his tendency to appear only at completely orchestrated and controlled events . 
  more and more russians are leaving russia , and those left behind overwhelming wish they could . 
  i agree that russia as it exists now will never be allowed into the eu .
