  famous last words . 
  please send help, 
  puerto rico 's ppp gdp per capita is within $ 8k of the uk 's . 
  i guess i should clarify . 
  nyc has a lot fewer single family homes than other major american cities , because of how valuable the land is . 
  by build up , i do n't necessarily mean 60-story skyscrapers , but more multilevel buildings like we 've been discussing . 
  i am , however , also okay with major apartment buildings . 
  i never understood why some people complain about construction of tall buildings in new york . 
  tall buildings are its defining characteristic . 
  i think it would be . 
  edit : i 'm not sure why that warranted downvotes . 
  many , if not most , dwellings in nyc would fall into that category . 
  i myself live in a three story walk-up in brooklyn . 
  this also depends on how much public transportation offsets large buildings ' environmental footprint . 
  la 's poor environmental history has largely been attributed to its car culture and congested freeways . 
  this problem does n't exist to nearly the same degree in nyc . 
  new york is by far the least car-centric city in the us . 
  if your mental image of new york is midtown manhattan , you should make it a point to spend time in brooklyn and queens , which are where most new yorkers live . 
   the issue ireland has similar to canada is what do you do when u have such a powerful neighbour on your doorstep which controls so much of your economy by way of demand . 
  which is funny because that is exactly how the uk will end up vis-\u00e0-vis the eu . 
  a more complete analogy : eu = usa uk = canada ireland = minnesota or something, 
  the overwhelmingly majority of nyc residents do n't live in tall buildings . 
  most of those are either office buildings or luxury housing for chinese , russian , and arab oligarchs who do n't live there . 
  furthermore , nyc is much more than midtown and downtown manhattan . 
  i think it 's more environmentally friendly to build up rather than out . 
  la is slightly less than half as populous as nyc , but produces more greenhouse gas emissions . 
  nyc is much denser , with taller buildings and an extremely robust and extensive public transportation system . 
  la 's urban sprawl has made its public transportation system a complete joke , so everyone sits in their car on the freeway for hours at a time . 
   that 's complete bullshit . 
  switzerland voted not to be in the eu in the 90s and still have free movement and ( almost ) full single market access . 
  switzerland was a member of the eea before it made an application for eu membership . 
   nobody in switzerland claims that the country is in the eu but everyone knows that the situation is quite close to a full membership . 
  no , this is true of norway . 
  the swiss model gives them a great deal more autonomy than the deal norway has . 
  the eu regrets giving switzerland the model it did , because it failed to incentivize them toward full membership . 
   also your understanding of democracy is ridiculous . 
  it 's not a football game where one team wins and takes it all . 
  wining by a tiny margin is a very small mandate and therefore anything else than a very soft brexit would actually be very undemocratic . 
  eu membership is not a pie that can be split 52 % -48 % . 
  that 's what parliament is . 
  this was a simple binary choice that required only a simple majority to win : in or out . 
  leave won . 
  i do n't like that it did , but it did . 
  the uk should and will be free to negotiate a new deal with the eu after it 's a third party . 
   it 's not as if they could have offered those options , since anything beyond wto depends on whether the eu even wants such a relationship . 
  the whole point is that people had wanted an in or out referendum for decades . 
  nothing else would have put the issue to rest . 
  cameron gambled that remain would win and it would put an end to the divide in the conservative party . 
  options like eea membership or revert to wto rules are n't the same as remain or leave . 
  they only become options if leave wins . 
   that may be , but eu membership today means the lisbon treaty . 
  the debate in the 70s was n't about the eu , because the eu did not exist in its current form or under its current name . 
  the debate has always been about the supranational and intergovernmental organization that academics refer to as the eu , even when it was n't called that . 
  in eu studies , the eea is often referred to as the eu out of convenience . 
  furthermore , the eu is more than just the lisbon treaty . 
  lisbon constitutes the vast majority of the eu 's structure , but it exists parallel with other treaties and agreements . 
  the fiscal compact from a few years ago is a great example , given that it was a treaty conducted outside of the eu 's institutional framework because of britain 's veto , but was designed to use eu institutions to solve a number of the eu 's problems . 
   and either way , this does not change the fact that you can be a member of the eea or customs union without being a member of the eu , therefore voting to leave the latter does not automatically mean leaving the former two . 
  especially with this thin of a margin . 
  you 're right , but all eu members are members of both the eea and customs union . 
  britain is giving up eu membership , so it stands to reason it should give those up as well , since it is a part of them by virtue of its eu membership , not because it joined them as a standalone . 
  this is the way i see it . 
  * britain is a member of the eu . 
  * members of the eu have benefits abc and responsibilities xyz . 
  * britain will no longer be a member of the eu . 
  * britain must give up benefits abc and responsibilities xyz . 
  * if britain wants to keep a and z , it can negotiate with the eu for them as standalones once it is no longer an eu member . 
  the eu has no obligation to give either . 
  i would also like another referendum , but it would reinforce the point that referendums are useless . 
  the public should not have a direct say on an issue as complicated and important as eu membership . 
  if they care so much about the issue , they should vote for eurosceptic representatives . 
  this is exactly what was happening , since ukip was starting to cut into the tories ' base of support . 
  the referendum was a thinly veiled attempt by cameron to end his party 's split on europe . 
  he never thought he would lose . 
  it was a gamble at best . 
   it does , because eu membership is essentially equal to being a signing member of the lisbon treaty . 
  add maastricht if you want . 
  no , it does n't . 
  the debate over british membership of the eu and its predecessors has been a raging fire since the 1950s . 
  the british people had wanted an in or out referendum for decades . 
  it does n't make sense to tie it to lisbon . 
   the referendum question was also clearly too vague because six months after the vote , the uk government is still trying to figure out what it means and how the process of it works . 
  they have an entire department for leaving the european union that is n't operational yet . 
  this is part of what remainers were arguing would happen . 
  a majority of voters did not care . 
  they voted to leave . 
  if they assumed that every would be peachy keen then they were wrong . 
  britain 's political atmosphere post-referendum has only strengthened the argument for why the referendum should n't have been held in the first place . 
  neither of these would have mattered if there was no referendum in the first place . 
  on # 1 : people were lying about the eu before the referendum and are lying about it after the referendum . 
  the problem is that because a referendum was held , the lies had a direct effect on the results . 
  on # 2 : people were clamoring for an in or out referendum for decades . 
  it was the only way to put the issue to rest . 
  the people voted to leave . 
  if they regret their decision , they should have thought harder about it . 
  if they wanted to leave , but remain in the single market , they should have voted to stay . 
  you 're right that it 's a problem , but it 's also a characteristic of democracy . 
  we 'll never be able to separate the two . 
   but indirect democracy also has the same results if the people have no idea on what they are voting on , they will simply follow the populists . 
  this is n't really true , because populist candidates do not sweep every election in every democracy .
