  already , the eurozone is accelerating toward fiscal union . 
  it is already a monetary union , though the euro ** will ** fail if fiscal union is not eventually realized . 
  the current crisis is a superficial problem of a much larger issue that is largely invisible to many europeans and even moreso to non-europeans . 
  i am not a european , though one day i hope to be . 
  of these two paths , i support the latter . 
  if for only one reason , because it would represent the possibility of global federal government . 
  though this is a distant dream , should humanity ever endeavor to create a world government , its founders will look to the eu as an example . 
  supranational governments represent the once unthinkable possibility of the death of nationalism . 
  i find it disheartening that humanity has been splintered for so long . 
  the collective capability of our species is an untapped potential that is almost unimaginable . 
  her cdu support is less at risk than the support of her coalition 's partners , the csu and the fdp . 
  ultimately , this is one of the most troublesome problems with the current political system of the eu ; national issues can often trump supranational issues . 
   merkel has been extremely meek throughout this . 
  sarkozy goes into the same bag . 
  no balls to talk about locking greece out until it was obvious ( yesterday ) . 
  no balls to stand up to the sad misinformed and disproven leaders in frankfurt ( bundesbank ) . 
  her peer-reviewed paper on despite being center-right , both merkel and sarkozy are strongly pro-european . 
  talking about locking up greek is antithetical to pro-europeanism ideology that is embraced by both leaders . 
   her peer-reviewed paper on quantum chemistry ( ? ), 
  has obviously thought her anything about economics or reality . 
  she 's clueless and proves it over and over again . 
  with reservations that i know next to nothing about internal german politics to see hidden motives behind her actions . 
  many politicians are not economists . 
  merkel should not be held to a different standard . 
   jens weidmann as president of bundesbank ? 
  it 's the 21th century for fucks sake . 
  i do n't know what this has to do with merkel being ineffective , but then again , i do n't really know who he is . 
  let 's not forget that merkel is the woman who was able to shut up the fdp leading up to the bundestag 's vote on expanding the efsf , bringing her then tenuous grip on power back from the brink . 
  she has helped construct a deal that would see a dramatic cut in greece 's debt . 
  saying she is meek and ineffective is , as nomowolf said , delusional . 
  merkel is not a perfect leader ; no one is . 
  she has made mistakes , but no more than you would expect from any leader that has to deal with national and supranational politics . 
  i do not identify as center-right , but merkel gets some praise from me for handling the sovereign debt crisis better than i had initially hoped . 
  this is what i would write the paper on . 
  the eurozone crisis is a temporary problem , albeit an incredibly large one . 
  the underlying issue is the debate over how far federalization should go . 
  fiscal union is already being seriously considered to prevent any sort of sovereign debt crisis akin to the current one . 
  fiscal union would precipitate consolidation of power to the central government , most notably in the european parliament , european commission , european council , and council of ministers . 
  the eu today functions very much like a confederacy . 
  you could draw comparisons and contrasts between the current eu and the united states under the articles of confederation , and what a proposed federal europe would look like in comparison to a strong federal state , such as germany , russia , or the united states . 
  the debate over federal europe goes way back , getting its real start around the formation of the european coal and steel community in the early postwar period . 
  this is truly the single most important european issue . 
  other issues such as the partition of cyprus , the past and current troubles in the balkans , and issues with subnational regions like catalonia or scotland are regional problems . 
  a paper that is meant to address a european problem should do just that . 
  * the * european problem is the debate over federalization . 
  the rise of china will undoubtedly push europe and the united states closer together . 
  the us has , recently as least , largely ignored europe or taken advantage of its close relationship with some european states ( uk-us relationship for example ) . 
  within a decade or two it will become increasingly evident to americans that they can not compete economically with a country more than four times more populous than theirs . 
  as a result , american military presence around the world will be more subdued due to increased chinese military investments . 
  the us will want to balance china 's power , particularly in asia , as is happening now . 
  as such , they will look toward their historical allies , most significantly europe . 
  the eu has the upper hand in forging and defining a new relationship with the united states . 
  it is far more populous , and is already a slightly largely economy . 
  the growing sense of unity in the european continent could also rival american nationalism , though i would hope not . 
  nationalism is a terrible thing . 
  the world is moving back toward an international paradigm of great powers , rather than superpowers . 
  though brazil , russia , india , china , the us and the eu in the near future could be considered superpowers in their own right , the fact that they might all coexist as rich , powerful nations is antithetical to what a superpower is . 
  collectively they represent more than half of humanity . 
  let 's hope that globalization , mass communication , and the threat of nuclear war keep this new age of great powers from resembling the age of european great powers . 
  optimism and a sense of friendship and cooperation clouded their judgement . 
   so what should the eu do ? 
  in my opinion , the eurozone should just start issuing eurobonds and make the giant leap toward fiscal union . 
  this would be an incredibly difficult and lengthy task , but it is the only surefire way to end this crisis , and possible future ones like it , once and for all . 
  it 's a shame that the greek people are suffering as a result of their government 's shortsightedness , ineffectiveness , and incompetence . 
  no country in the eurozone is completely immune to the possibility of a future soveriegn debt crisis . 
  this is why fiscal union is necessary . 
   what does the greek opposition propose ? 
  the greek opposition proposes cutting taxes to promote growth in the hope that it will bring back government surpluses after the recession is over . 
  basically , it will bring their debt to gdp ratio from 150 % down to 120 % . 
  a lot of countries would kill for a deal like that . 
  [ hrrmmm ... ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2011/03/22/article-1368986-0b46b89800000578-691_306x400.jpg ), 
  interesting how he did n't mention that italy did n't mean the requirements either . 
  everybody defaults !, 
  you get to default !, 
  you get to default !, 
  you all get to default !, 
  who would have thought that amid all the shit that 's going down in the eurozone , euroskepticism is on the rise ? 
  it 's been too successful for too many countries for it to be dismantled . 
  creating a single market has done wonders for every national economy , as well as the global economy . 
  one concrete example i can think of off the top of my head is the consolidation of pharmaceutical regulation agencies into the ema , allowing pharmaceutical companies to develop and market a drug to the same standards as other countries , such as the us , removing the cumbersome national bureaucratic measures required before . 
  the debate is now how far and how fast the eu should go from here . 
  by going too fast , governments may risk upsetting their electorates and artificially creating a renewed sense of euroskepticism , contrary to the pro-european mantra of nearly all mainstream european parties . 
  by going too slow , the european , and thus global , economy are put in deep jeopardy . 
  it is now abundantly evident that the eu as it exists today is too decentralized to produce the quick response needed to the sovereign debt crisis . 
  one could draw considerable comparisons to the united states under the articles of confederation . 
  in took about a decade for the articles to fail , prompting the constitutional convention that produced the constitution of the united states , creating a powerful federal system . 
  one bump in the road is not a sufficient reason to abandon the european project that has lifted the living standards of so many people , and brought more prosperity and convenience to people across the continent . 
  hopefully , the evolution of the eu into a more powerful federal entity will be the first nail in the coffin of one of humanity 's most reprehensible and base aspects , nationalism . 
  the only way from here is forward . 
  hopefully the g20 meeting and the eu summits will produce a more long-term plan outlining a viable european economic government . 
  however , i 've come not to expect audacity from sarkozy and merkel . 
  yes , but it would also become more expensive overall for eu member states , germany included , to bail each other out if the big economies , including france , keep getting downgraded . 
  i 'd like to see s&p downgraded . 
  i 'd like to see some more about this . 
  i wonder how the eurozone crisis would evolve if germany becomes the sole aaa large european economy . 
  maybe it could elicit more euroskepticism among germans , or perhaps the prospect of eurobonds could be reconsidered by merkel 's government . 
  fuck this guy . 
  fiscal union . 
  yea , it 's not very popular , but it will happen sooner or later . 
  both you and countvontroll made good points about the commission president being held accountable to the parliament .
