  alone , european countries are too small and increasingly irrelevant to have any significant influence in world politics and economics . 
  take the single market , for instance . 
  the single market is the most important aspect of the eu , and it would be impossible to have anything like it without common institutions to govern it . 
  a europe without a single market would undoubtedly be poorer and less influential in the global economy . 
  the eu is here to stay , because even if it ceased to exist for some reason , something else that resembled it would have to be created to take its place . 
  happy europe day !, 
  still does n't belong on that list . 
  the m-16 is the ak-47 of assault rifles ... 
  i think i broke it . 
  russian analysts and politicians have become increasingly concerned that any relationship russia has with china will become one-sided very quickly . 
  there is a widespread fear that it will become a supplier of resources and a junior political partner . 
  any sino-russian partnership will be one of convenience and probably wo n't stand the test of time . 
  i guess not . 
  the why is probably superfluous . 
  i think the term is heavily overused . 
  the scope and breadth of the special relationship is unique , hence it is special . 
  china 's demographics are certainly a double-edged sword , but for now it 's working in its favor rather than against it . 
  it 's hard to predict what china will be like 20 years from now , but based on the past 30 years of history , it seems likely that china will only become much more powerful in the short term . 
  in that case , i 'd probably agree with you . 
  however , it seems to me that american soft power translated into structural power . 
  american media has always been one of the strongest aspects of american soft power , and it does n't seem unreasonable to argue that global culture resembles american culture more closely than any other as a result . 
  i do n't deny that china has a long way to go before becoming a superpower , but i stand by the assertion that it has the best chance of doing so in this century . 
  the us became the world 's largest economy in the late 19th century , but was n't a superpower until 1945 . 
  the same is likely true of china , bar some massive domestic unrest , which is the single biggest uncertainty when making predictions about china . 
  i honestly would be surprised if the prc lasted throughout this century . 
   are you stupid or something ? 
  you just blatantly contradict yourself in your first two sentences . 
  no one is saying europe can match america 's hard or soft power - his argument is that europe is a better candidate for the world 's 2nd superpower in the 21st century than either china or india . 
  i 'll admit i did n't watch the video , but i am very familiar with moravcsik 's writing . 
  he has , in numerous articles , argued that europe is currently the world 's second superpower . 
  [ take this article from march 2010 for example . 
  ] ( https://www.princeton.edu/~amoravcs/library/current_history.pdf ) in the introduction he states that  ... europe is clearly the second superpower in a bipolar world . 
   moravcsik 's whole point is that hard power , in the 21st century , is becoming less and less important , and soft power is increasingly important for states to get what they want . 
  statistically , interstate wars are much less common than they were in the 20th century ( or in any other period in human history , for that matter ) , the cost of war is becoming prohibitively expensive , and public support for war is eroding quickly - even us populations are becoming war-weary . 
  hard power is less and less useful as a means for a state to get what it wants . 
  the great powers have refrained from war among themselves since wwii . 
  that does n't mean hard power is n't useful . 
  the whole reason we call it the cold war was because the us and ussr never came to blows . 
  they leveraged both their soft and hard power in third countries . 
  the us , russia , and the eu all still do this . 
  ( afghanistan , mali , libya , syria , ukraine etc ) . 
  public support for war waxes and wanes . 
  the us was war weary after vietnam , but became involved in numerous conflicts in the 1990s . 
  the same will be true of this century . 
   true , but i would n't call issues like national identity and sovereignty , essentially the core of nation-states , merely trifling , unimportant issues that european countries are inexplicably hot-headed about . 
  a country willingly abandoning its sovereignty runs directly contrary to everything any politician , philosopher , or historian has ever thought , in the entire history of humanity up until relatively recently . 
  in the grand scheme of things , they are entirely unimportant . 
  a country is just a big tribe . 
  there 's literally zero logical reason for one species to be split into 200 + tribes that compete against each other in a zero-sum game . 
  in suggesting more political unity , i do n't hold europe to a different metric than other regions of the world . 
  it 's just that europe is closest to abandoning an old style of nationalism in favor of a new one based on things less close to one 's heart than ethnicity , national identity , or religion . 
   moravcsik directly undermines this point , arguing that in the 21st century , a state 's ability to project power can be best measured via gdp per capita - the wealth of a nation 's citizens . 
  china has 300 million middle-class and upper-class citizens , and about 1 billion people squandering in poverty . 
  what good are these masses of poor doing , other than sucking up state funds , and being able to topple the government if they become too angry ? 
  the problem with that argument is that despite the billion people living in poverty , everyone is talking about how china is on the cusp of being a superpower . 
  does anyone make the same arguments for other newly industrialized countries like south africa or indonesia ? 
  no , and the reason is because they do n't have the manpower to power a massive economy . 
  the prc has n't been toppled because the economy is visibly improving for most people , even if they are still nominally poor . 
  if gdp per capita translated directly into power projection , then why ca n't luxembourg , singapore , and belgium be superpowers ? 
  at the end of the day , being a superpower is largely a function of both gdp per capita and population . 
  the us has a large population and a high gdp per capita . 
  china has a larger population with a lower gdp per capita . 
  both are conducive to superpower status . 
   i 'd say the potential is there to surpass considering we still got nearly 86 years to go . 
  i 'm not sure about that . 
  the us has had faster population and economic growth than the eu for a long time . 
  [ the imf projects that the us will overtake the eu in gdp within a couple of years as well . 
  ] ( http://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/weo/2013/01/pdf/text.pdf ) i think soft power is something that is hard to quantify . 
  it 's also entirely dependent on time . 
  i wo n't argue that germany does n't have a great deal of soft power , but if we take the example of media , then how could any country even compete with american soft power ? 
  the fact that we 're typing in english here rather than in flemish or french is indicative of american ( and british ) soft power in the long term . 
   the eu spends more of it 's budget on foreign aid . 
  and americans give far more to charity than europeans . 
  there has also been a shift in american aid policy toward microloans and having fewer strings attached , since that strategy has worked so well for china in africa . 
  i really do n't understand what the problem with recognizing the genocide is . 
  it 's not like anyone with half a brain accuses the turks of today for the crimes of earlier generations . 
   you will never have the nationalism of ` europe ' overriding the individual identities that comprise of the eu . 
  perhaps not , but it can exist alongside it . 
  most europeans identify as both their national identity as well as european . 
  moravcsik is a smart guy , but his argument that europe is the world 's second superpower is laughable . 
  it has a lot of soft power , but it does n't come close to matching american soft power . 
  they say the one thing that the us managed to export best was its culture . 
  europe does n't have a cohesive culture to export . 
  in fact , it imports more american culture than vice versa . 
  the eu is an economic giant , i 'll give it that , but its hard power is incredibly reliant on american power . 
  france and britain , far and away the most capable military powers in europe , are heavily reliant on the us for logistical support , troop transport , intelligence etc. 
  imagine if the ussr had been unable to move and support troops in afghanistan without the help of the us . 
  would anyone have called it a superpower ? 
  europe has the potential to be a superpower at most on par with the us . 
  it 's rich , has a large population , advanced technology etc. 
  the problem is that is politically fragmented for no good reason other than emotional arguments concerning sovereignty and national identity . 
  china , more than any other country , is in the best position to become a superpower in this century , and that is mostly due to the fact that it has nearly a billion and a half people . 
  farage is such a piece of shit . 
  i 've said this before and had people laugh in my face . 
  now i hate people and identify as a sentient lifeform . 
  thems fightin ' words redcoat . 
  is poland still the ring ? 
   but if you 're arguing the norway option is `` terrible '' ... yet the people who experience it as a population clearly prefer it and they have the choice any time they want to take it to join the eu , but they do n't , does n't that suggest that the norway option is far from `` terrible '' , to you ? 
  by contrast the british people have been deprived of the right to choose this option by flat-refusal of referendums , by attempts to misinform about the norway option and rubbish it contrary to the evidence . 
  if given a choice , there may be a good chance the majority of the uk people would choose this option , too ... if given a choice .
