  if you 're criticizing the us because it does n't do good for its own sake , then you 're naive . 
   the us has also divided my country and europe for 40 years because of its geopolitical aims , which was in the `` perceived '' interest of the us to fight its rival for global domination and not in the interest of europe . 
  you say this as if the us wanted germany to be split in two for half a century . 
  you 're willfully neglecting the fact that the soviets pushed into eastern europe and occupied it before the us could . 
  you also seem to forget that the us supported german reunification at the same time that thatcher and mitterand expressed apprehension . 
  i do n't know why you 're complaining that the us was acting in its own interest rather than europe 's interest . 
  this is a woefully misguided understanding of international relations . 
  if you 're going to hold this against the us , then you might as well be consistent and hold it against literally every country on the planet . 
   i did n't want the us to save me from the commies and the vietnamese did n't want to be killed by napalm . 
  the iranians did n't want their democratically elected leader be overthrown by a cia coup because of the oil . 
  allende did not want to be assassinated because his policies did n't comply with the white house . 
  these are literally all things that i hold against my own country . 
  i do n't defend them . 
   this is rich . 
  you now seek refuge in the victim-hood . 
  the biggest bully on the planet can not be a victim . 
  please do n't insult your intelligence . 
  what ? 
  i 'm literally sitting here agreeing with you about vietnam , iraq , cia coups , torture etc. 
  i 'm asking you to adopt a more nuanced view of american foreign policy and history rather just saying suggesting the us is an evil imperial power because you know better than to think of the world in black and white . 
   the fact that the us now chickens out off the mess it has created in the me is n't exactly a redeeming fact either . 
  it 's not that you do `` something bad occasionally '' it is that the logic of empire can not but lead to catastrophe . 
  as such trumpism is the logical conclusion of the empire , even if you do n't understand that . 
  we 've had a continuous presence in the middle east for decades . 
  we 're still in iraq , for fuck 's sake . 
  we 're in syria . 
  we 're in libya . 
  we never abandoned the region after destabilizing it . 
  you criticized us for occupying iraq , and now you 're criticizing us for supposedly abandoning it , even when we have n't ? 
  what the fuck do you want ? 
  this is just criticism for its own sake . 
  furthermore , please do n't mistake me for a trump supporter . 
  you 'd be hard pressed to find someone more opposed to trump than me . 
   and please do n't portray me as anti-american . 
  even though i demonstrated against the vietnam war , i have always believed in the `` benign '' superpower us until it has become impossible to sustain that belief . 
  the flimsy pretexts for invading iraq and afghanistan and for destabilizing syria are no better than the pretext hitler used for invading poland . 
  the fact that you 're conflating iraq and afghanistan is ridiculous . 
  the iraq war was an entirely unnecessary war borne out of necons ' raging hard-on to export democracy by force . 
  we invaded and occupied afghanistan because the taliban gave safe harbor to al qaeda , who killed nearly 3,000 american civilians . 
  furthermore , your country is in afghanistan . 
  maybe you should criticize it too , if you think the war was unjust . 
  any reasonably intelligent person should know better than to conflate these two wars . 
   let 's face it , the us is morally bankrupt , where even the bible belt is no longer able to keep the fascistoide lower rumblings in check and the logic of empire compels you into one misguided foreign adventure after the other in order to protect your global corporate empire without which the us economy could n't survive . 
  this is more preposterous rhetoric that could be applied to your country as well , yet i 'm not one to call germany a morally bankrupt country hellbent on protecting its own global corporate empire and massive trade surplus with the rest of the eu . 
  i used it because it 's a widespread term and appropriate in this context . 
  anti-german sentiment was a very common phrase when objections to german foreign policy were more widespread . 
   towards the end of the war til that in 1941 , when the soviet union was on its knees , japan was unchecked in the pacific , and most of continental europe and north africa had been subjugated by germany , the war was nearly over . 
  judging by your username , your ideology is largely the one that makes the rest of the world , and europe in particular , so critical of us . 
  it seems like you think i was suggesting that americans were largely responsible for literally rebuilding japan . 
  that 's not what i was suggesting , nor is it even true of europe , where we were more involved . 
  we provided financial assistance , encouraged new economic models and industrial practices , democratized the country , and provided it with security in the midst of the cold war that it could not provide itself . 
  deindustrialization of japan ended fairly soon after the war . 
  you may remember that deindustrialization was something that fdr initially supported for germany as well , until convinced otherwise by churchill . 
  just because support for japan was implemented amid the backdrop of the cold war does not mean the us does n't get credit . 
  american involvement in both europe and japan post wwii was never purely altruistic . 
  japan and europe would not be as rich or powerful today were it not for american support . 
   that however should n't make the us and nato immune to critisism . 
  nowhere did i suggest this . 
  i was just saying that nuance should be applied to any criticism of american foreign policy . 
  again , i 'm happy to criticize the us . 
  i opposed the iraq war , and am aware that it was one of the major destabilizing factors in today 's middle east . 
  i 'm not attempting to absolve my country of wrongdoing . 
  i just do n't like the narrative the the us is an evil imperial power because it 's wrong and is parroted for the sake of being edgy . 
   i have little respect for russians and little respect for americans . 
   is there a reason you do n't separate your opinions of the government and the people ? 
  at the very least , putin has won the popular vote numerous times , evidence that the majority of the people support him . 
  trump did n't come close to getting a majority of the vote . 
  most people here do not like him . 
  if you 're going to shame us for the bad things we do , you should give us credit for the good things we do . 
  we rebuilt and democratized germany and japan . 
  we rebuilt the rest of europe with the marshall plan and fostered european integration . 
  we provided safe haven for former soviet republics and satellite states to transition to capitalism and democracy . 
  we promote a world order with institutions that have kept the peace among great powers for more than seventy years . 
  the security guarantee that we provide your continent with allows you to spend money on social programs and then criticize us for not having ourselves . 
  because we 're a superpower , we get criticized for absolutely everything we do . 
  we 're damned if we do and damned if we do n't . 
  too aggressive in iraq - bad . 
  not aggressive enough in syria - bad . 
  do n't follow through with libya - bad . 
  the us is not an evil imperial power just because it occasionally does something wrong or because it has military bases in countries that willingly asked for them . 
  the public was manipulated to support both the vietnam and iraq wars . 
  over time , they eventually became unpopular and were ended . 
  i 'm sure you 're familiar with my posts here , and that i 'm not one to shy away from criticizing my own country , but i do n't like the anti-american circlejerk that focuses on all the bad we 've done and willfully omits all of the good . 
  one of the things that i hate most about european politics is the inevitable america bashing for its own sake , as if nuance and historical context can not be applied to american foreign policy . 
   the people are just the same though . 
  i absolutely do not believe this . 
  nationalism appears to be much stronger in britain than in the netherlands . 
  msnbc literally just reported that they had the tax returns and that they showed how much income he reported , what sort of deductions he took , and what he was taxed . 
  they did n't say it would destroy trump or call him stupid . 
  everything you wrote is your own distortion of the news . 
  do n't misinterpret their speculation for reporting . 
  if you ca n't tell the difference , then the problem is with you , not them . 
  state polls were off . 
  national polls were accurate . 
  hillary won the popular vote . 
  of course , you know this though . 
  really makes you wonder whether consuming right-wing anglo media makes you poorly informed and detached from reality . 
  there are a lot of problems that cross national borders , climate change the most obvious among them . 
  every portuguese citizen is affected by american and chinese policy toward climate change . 
  which is fine if you do n't mind bigger and more powerful countries running global affairs or when you 're not in the middle of a war with said countries .
