   it 's pretty small - even for mps . 
  most people ca n't name the politicians that represent them , except a few media celebrities . 
  then it should n't be acceptable to scapegoat the eu . 
  if brits ca n't name their mps , maybe britain should leave britain in addition to the eu . 
  no , because this is a discussion of europe 's global role , not its regional one . 
  last i checked , the south china sea was n't in europe . 
  no , they do n't have access to the single market . 
  those three states have free trade agreements with the eu . 
  the single market exists only of the 28 eu member states , norway , iceland , and liechtenstein . 
  you 're confusing free trade agreements with the single market . 
  the best way to distinguish a free trade area from a common market : a free trade area reduces and/or eliminates tariff barriers to trade . 
  a common market reduces and/or eliminates non-tariff barriers to trade . 
  non-tariff barriers to trade include use of different languages , conflicting legislation , restriction of movement of goods , labor , capital etc. 
  canada and the us are members of the same free trade area . 
  california and florida are members of the same common market , but ontario is n't . 
  i recall learning in one of my graduate courses on globalization and economics that the volume of trade between toronto and vancouver is ten times the volume between toronto and seattle , despite the distance between them being almost identical . 
  this is because toronto and vancouver have far fewer non-tariff barriers to trade by virtue of being part of what is effectively a common market . 
  the fact that the vast majority of people can not distinguish between , and often conflate , an fta and the common market is worrisome in any debate about the eu . 
  probably because americans , more so than europeans , are aware of the value of hard power . 
  we do n't solve all our problems by talking it out at an international conference filled with foreign dignitaries . 
  furthermore , we actively pursue and protect our interests to a greater degree than european countries , which are also more global in nature . 
  no , but you are presenting your position as the only reasonable one , which is exactly what everyone else thinks about their own position . 
  i do n't disagree with you . 
  i also was n't making this an east vs west thing . 
  british nationalists are the most notorious for wanting what they consider the good parts of the eu without accepting what they consider the bad parts . 
  nationalists all over europe want all of the benefits of the eu with none of the responsibility or burden . 
  reducing demand is n't the only way to make housing more affordable . 
  my point still stands . 
  there is increasing demand for housing and supply has not kept up with it . 
  you do n't have a declining population . 
  housing prices are higher globally , it is n't just a trend in the uk . 
  reform of the eu comes from national capitals , not brussels . 
  eu employees would love nothing more than for the eu to become more democratic , because the only way to so it is to empower it at the expense of national governments . 
  funnily enough , your country is one of the biggest opponents of this , all the while screaming about how undemocratic the eu is . 
  too much power lies with national governments , which is 95 % if the reason why the eu is slow and undemocratic . 
  ironically , the uk is the strongest proponent of intergovernmentalism . 
   lets be real here . 
  usa is n't going to start a war with russia for finland or any other country in the eastern europe . 
  they would n't have much to gain , but they would have everything to lose . 
  we will be on our own , nato or not . 
  if we do n't honor nato 's treaty obligation , every country in the world that relies on the us , at least in part , for its defense will no longer trust that it will . 
  countries will then have only themselves to count on , and will rearm . 
  this would lead to regional arms races and would destabilize the international system . 
  by not defending a nato member that comes under attack , we have everything to lose . 
  the current international system is the best one that humanity has ever constructed . 
  the us plays a central role in making sure it is not eroded . 
  if it collapses , we risk a lot more death and destruction . 
  if a nato member state is invaded and germany did n't respond with military action , you do n't deserve to be in nato . 
  i understand that germany has a culture of pacifism , but most countries in the world do not . 
  a little known fact : the polish government did the same thing in 1939 , which was the main reason for the german invasion . 
  i suspect the same thing will happen here . 
  perhaps you would 've preferred being part of the eastern bloc ? 
  you are both overestimating china 's capacity to wage conflict and underestimating the us 's . 
  china is not even close to being near the power the soviet union was relative to the united states . 
  you should also keep in mind that literally every country in the region does n't like china , save for north korea . 
  if a naval conflict breaks out between china and the us , no one is going to rush to china 's defense . 
  and yet there is no better status in the international order than being an ally of the united states , save for being the united states . 
  if the us did n't exist , the world would be dominated by russia and china , neither of which are anywhere near as humanitarian as the us is . 
  the world does n't exist in small pockets anymore . 
  you ca n't just ignore something that happens because it 's on the other side of the world . 
  we live in a global civilization . 
  if china controls the south china sea then trade between east and southeast asia and europe is imperiled . 
  furthermore , western isolationism betrays the sacrifices that our countries make to maintain the international order . 
  an international order that maintains peace among the great powers , facilitates economic growth , spurs technological innovation , and allows culture to flourish . 
  if we stop defending it , then other countries will cause it to erode . 
  russia has been doing this in the non-nato/eu countries of the former eastern bloc since the mid-1990s , with no end in sight . 
  china is increasingly testing western resolve vis-a-vis the south china sea and senkaku islands . 
  the idea is to preserve the international order , not a regional one . 
  furthermore , where would you draw the line for the eu to become involved in geopolitical conflicts ? 
  is the middle east fair game , ukraine ? 
  are we just supposed to ignore chinese attempts to effectively annex one of the most important bodies of water on the planet ? 
  reactionary has multiple definitions , but ok . 
  people who change their political opinions on a dime , rather than exposure to trends and a consistent stream of information , do n't actually have a strong opinion . 
  a single event is not evidence of a pattern . 
  this is reactionary . 
  if one statement made by one politician made you change your mind , then you were already on the fence . 
  the higher cost of living in major cities , particularly global cities like london , usually exceeds the higher wages anyway . 
  the article neglected to mention that the dutch f-35s are made entirely of edam . 
  one middle east is more than enough . 
  why would we want a second one ? 
  only mexico has more spanish speakers than america . 
  we 're making a play for it too . 
  you are really reaching for things to hate about the eu . 
  imagine how much richer your country would be if you had n't wasted all that time spelling color with a superfluous `` u. '', 
  french fries have only been in american cuisine for 100 years ? 
  wow . 
  english belongs to america now . 
  and when that does n't work , the country physically expands so that you 're still in it . 
  any hypothetical conflict involving the eu and russia will be a land war in eastern europe , where france and the uk would be completely outmatched by russia . 
  this is the reason nato exists , because only collectively and with american and canadian support is europe able to defend itself . 
  ok sorry , i take it back . 
  poland is a shithole on par with syria . 
  very few people regard india as a superpower . 
  only the us is universally regarded as being one . 
  china has a lot of global influence , but most of it is n't cultural , which is why non-chinese do n't know much about it . 
  china invests tons of money in a lot of countries , produces a huge amount of the world 's consumer goods , and is the only country other than russia that can even think of militarily challenging the us in certain circumstances . 
  india is nowhere near superpower status . 
  it 's barely a great power . 
  it has very little global influence compared to even france or germany . 
  to emphasize this point , we expect better from poland and hungary because they are n't shitholes like most countries with authoritarian tendencies .
