  you french sure are a contentious people . 
  maybe she was n't authorized to speak on behalf of the commission because she does n't have access to all the information . 
  what a swedish thing to say . 
  yes , i do . 
  i could n't think of the correct term when i was writing it . 
  yerevan is the capital . 
  it has a long and complicated relationship with turkey , and the two modern states do not have formal diplomatic relations . 
  it wants to join the eu , and the commission has stated that it is eligible to join , as they consider it part of europe . 
  it was the first state to adopt christianity , and in antiquity it was held by various empires at various times , the poland of its day . 
  it was a soviet republic . 
  it became part of the ussr in 1922 . 
  it still has close ties to russia , particularly military , given its unresolved tensions with azerbaijan over nagorno-karabakh . 
  it previously defeated azerbaijan in a war in the early-mid 1990s , but oil money has made azerbaijan considerably richer in the time since . 
  armenia remains a largely poor country , and is an emerging democracy and capitalist country . 
  there is a large diaspora of armenians , located mostly in russia , the united states , and france . 
  they tend to do very well for themselves , not unlike the jewish diaspora ( the comparisons drawn between the two are numerous ) . 
  glendale , california is one of the largest communities of armenians outside of armenia . 
  additionally , my grandmother and her family lived in armenia . 
  her grandparents and many other relatives were killed in the genocide . 
  my family also believes that my grandmother 's father was killed by the soviets in the 1930s during one of the purges , because he was an outspoken armenian nationalist . 
  most countries , federations in particular , have a policy whereby the central/federal government will distribute collected money to poorer areas . 
  a good example is that in the united states , california pays the federal government more in taxes than it receives in federal spending , making it a net contributor to the federal budget . 
  in practice , california 's taxed money is spent in poorer states , like mississippi , which is a net borrower , since it receives more in federal spending than it gives in taxes . 
  in a hypothetical pan-european transfer union , countries like germany would be a net contributor and greece would be a net borrower . 
  the marshall plan was a money transfer from the us to europe , not an inflationary tactic . 
  though i do agree the ecb needs to be able to act as a lender of last resort and pursue other policies that are somewhat inflationary . 
  no , and that 's what makes the eurocrisis so bad . 
  the only surefire solution is politically impossible right now . 
  people everywhere need to realize that a currency union will not work unless there 's a transfer union . 
  the rich countries will have to subsidize the poor if the euro is ever going to be a normal currency . 
  a generation of greeks is going to waste over an entirely avoidable situation . 
  i just bought a phone from the uk to the us . 
  you 're welcome . 
  reasons why the french and british are going to war again . 
  `` let 's invite russia into the eu . '', 
  the ruskies have got you covered . 
  i thought this had been common knowledge for a while now ? 
  i 'm an idealist . 
  i think it 's ridiculous that people get caught up in nationalist feelings and rhetoric solely because of the environment in which they were raised . 
  countries are just large tribes . 
  i think we live in an age where information is so easily accessible , that it has become ridiculous that our species is as fragmented as it is , be it through religion , culture , nationality , ethnicity etc. 
  i see the eu ( as a unification project ) as a step forward in the right direction . 
  this is the biggest reason i 'm pro-eu , but there are many , many others as well . 
  yes but france has a semi presidential form of government . 
  constitutional monarchies are usually parliamentary . 
  i understood what he was saying , but i was trying to explain that there are probably people who go to britain because they are obsessed with the royals in the first place . 
  those same people probably have less of a reason to visit france . 
  that 's pretty much what counter-terrorism strategy has been under the obama administration : drone strikes in countries we 're not `` at war '' with ( pakistan , yemen etc ) . 
  iraq , however , should have been kept as a blueprint , rather than as an actual operation . 
  generals are wrong occasionally as well . 
  we 're on an internet forum dedicated to discussing things about europe that most of us are not experts in . 
  i think we 're allowed to pretend to be armchair generals :p, 
   i mean , european operations like mali and libya have been relatively successful compared to vietnam , iraq and afghanistan . 
  the main difference is that mali and libya were n't being occupied . 
  the ground war in libya was nonexistent for the west , and very limited in mali . 
  vietnam , iraq , and afghanistan were pretty much all fought on the ground . 
  yea , london is the main attraction , but we live in a world where there are people who worship celebrities and spend good money to do what they do and go where the go . 
  the queen is a celebrity just like any other . 
  even if the monarchy brought in only twice as much money as was spent to upkeep it ( i think the real figure is close to generating thirty times what is spent on it ) , do you honestly think people would spend nearly as much money or time on the president of the united kingdom ? 
  when was the last time the president of slovakia was responsible for generating that much revenue ? 
  i think the whole republicanism versus constitutional monarchy debate is a non-issue . 
  i do n't have a problem with monarchs so long as they have no political power . 
  i never understood the desire for republicanism . 
  what exactly makes it better to elect a powerless figurehead than to have a hereditary powerless figurehead ? 
  it 's just as easy to elect a blithering idiot . 
  the monarchy , britain 's in particular , is an important historical institution that is part of the west 's cultural heritage and brings in a shitload of tourism money . 
  there are far bigger issues people should concern themselves with . 
  i could be wrong , but i seem to recall from a visit i made to george washington 's mount vernon estate , that he would go to congress often , but was ignored most of the time , so he eventually stopped going altogether . 
  he was responsible for a lot of presidential quirks and traditions , such as referring to the president as mr. president , as well as the two-term tradition that lasted until fdr . 
  the letters of last resort are fascinating . 
  i would never have guessed that one of the last commands the british government could give would be to place a royal navy nuclear submarine under the command of the united states or australia . 
  it actually made me a bit proud that countries can be that close . 
  the upper echelons of the french military were intent on holding the line in northern france and belgium , much like they did in wwi , despite lower ranking officials , like de gaulle , insisting that warfare had changed dramatically in the interwar period , and that it would not work . 
  the french lost because their generals were stupid . 
  yes , it was their fault . 
  this reminds me of [ the speech president nixon had prepared in case the apollo 11 astronauts were stranded on the moon . 
  ] ( http://www.space.com/7011-president-nixon-prepared-apollo-disaster.html ) it actually had a really good line that i think should have been in his actual speech : `` in ancient days , men looked at stars and saw their heroes in the constellations . 
  in modern times , we do much the same , but our heroes are epic men of flesh and blood . '', 
  what about russia ? 
  if britain was n't an island country , germany would have rolled over them as well . 
  germany was a land power , unmatched by anything in europe until the soviet union post 1942 . 
  their technology was top notch , their strategies accounted for the dramatic change in technology since the previous war ( unlike the french and british ) , and it allowed them to roll over western europe in one fell swoop . 
  i definitely think bismarck would rank near the top in a list of most influential people in the modern era . 
  without him , germany would n't exist . 
  without germany , world history would be completely different . 
  it 's generally faster than raking , and purchasing a ** black & decker 120 mph 90 cfm electric 18-volt ni-cad sweeper ** supports small businesses , baseball , and apple pie . 
  my first thought was jeanne d'arc . 
  american here . 
  it 's a status symbol . 
  we think a tidy lawn looks pretty and reflects positively on the person who owns it . 
  it 's sort of like how in [ the stereotypical american suburb ] ( http://i.imgur.com/nybzutm.jpg ) , you see lawns being watered constantly so that your lawn is greener than your neighbor 's . 
   estonia 's being much more focused in it and services should , in my opinion , be safer than france . 
  i would have guessed the opposite . 
  france is a much larger country , with a much more diversified economy . 
  estonia is proficient in a few areas , and if it goes bad , their entire economy will suffer and the government would be forced to address the problem in a way that would likely affect its credit rating negatively . 
  i think a lot of it has to do with which economies are tried and true . 
  france is undoubtedly one of those , whereas estonia had a major political and economic upheaval just twenty years ago . 
  i suspect it has something to do with france having a longer financial record than the former eastern bloc countries . 
  the czech republic and estonia are the highest rated of the relatively young capitalist democracies . 
  both economies are heavily tied to much larger neighbors ( germany/russia ) , so among the formerly communist countries , they 're arguably the most integrated with the global economy .
