  this is an excellent way to get under trump 's skin . 
  well done . 
  he is a 15 year old boy 's idea of a strong leader . 
  this is what happens when one of the political parties actively suppresses the vote . 
  no , voter turnout was only down .2 % from 2012 . 
  hah , tsipras is way too high on that list . 
  hear hear !, 
  the man supported brexit and is now concerned that american jobs will be lost because of it . 
  it 's relevant because his constantly shifting opinions and supporters who work overtime to justify all of it is one of the many things people hate about him and his supporters . 
  yea , he 's got a big chin , but he 's still one of the most attractive world leaders at present . 
  you 're right to be skeptical , it 's very uncharacteristic of trump to offer conflicting positions on an issue . 
  i fucking hate this man and his blind cultists . 
  ironic . 
  oh cool , we 're just going to lie today ? 
   undermined the european project and keeping europe as weak as possible obama was a big supporter of the european project , just like every american president since eisenhower . 
  he personally appealed to the british to vote to remain in the eu . 
  any way you cut it , brexit will make both the uk and eu weaker and less useful to the united states . 
  donald trump 's soft , yet inconsistent skepticism of both the eu and nato are a dramatic departure from post-wwii american foreign policy . 
   spying everyone ( including using germany to spy the french foreign minister ) are we going to ignore the fact that the us had been doing this for decades before obama was even born ? 
  are we also going to ignore the fact that european countries also spy on each other ? 
  no , it 's obummer 's fault !, 
   making sure that the eu has the worst relationship possible with russia . 
  til russia is n't responsible for annexing crimea , starting a frozen conflict in ukraine , interfering in western elections and manipulating public opinion , silencing critical journalists and political dissidents , and bombing indiscriminately in syria . 
  get the fuck out of here . 
  grow thicker skin instead of complaining and learn to distinguish criticism from bashing . 
  democratic party . 
  `` democrat party '' is an epithet . 
  good catch . 
  100 % reason to remember the name . 
  stay safe brits . 
  are you completely unaware of what islamism actually is ? 
   if a society overwhelmingly does n't want to have muslim immigrants in its society , who the fuck are you to say otherwise ? 
  because if the society i live in next decides it does n't want [ my ethnicity/religion/political ideology here ] because of a few bad apples , i will be next . 
  a muslim doctor who has been an upstanding citizen should n't have to live in fear in his own home because the reactionaries in his society thinks he 's a terrorist apologist . 
  terrorism is the use of violence or intimidation in the pursuit of political aims . 
  there is no such thing as apolitical terrorism . 
  no americans or europeans have ever died in the defense of the united kingdom ? 
  / u/trucidator 's comment served only to circlejerk about british moral superiority . 
  it was a dick-waving comment that i responded to in kind to highlight its stupidity and hypocrisy . 
  we pay for yours . 
  goodbye !, 
  oh come on , romanians are n't that bad . 
  til we are only allowed to have one enemy . 
  thanks vlad . 
  i once met a hungarian neo-nazi and now i do n't want any hungarians in my neighborhood . 
  every time there 's a terrorist attack we talk about islam . 
  reactionaries like yourself always come out of the woodwork feeling justified in your bigotry , but never do you offer a solution to the problem . 
  what do you want to do ? 
  ban muslims from our countries ? 
  round them all up and put them in camps and deport them ? 
  you 're anonymous here , so do n't beat around the bush . 
  the uk already have an enormous counter-terrorism apparatus , is leaving the eu partly because of concerns over immigration , and has been bombing the middle east for a century . 
  i 'm not a fan of islam , and i do think there is something about it that pushes people toward religious-inspired terrorism to a greater degree than other religions , but i 'm not going to talk tough and act hostile toward a group of a billlion people in the same way i do n't call for the heads of conservative gun nuts every time there 's a mass shooting in the us . 
  you never read or comment on news stories about the twenty other terrorist attacks that were foiled by police , but the few times it happens , like every other kind of crime , you get irrationally upset and pretend that no one is doing anything . 
  i hate to tell you this , but terrorism will be a problem for humanity for as long as we exist . 
  sometimes things slip through the cracks . 
  it sucks , but it happens . 
  my mistake , i assumed you were taking the trite position that germany = eu . 
  either way , your comment is still stupid as shit given how much eastern europe has improved because of its access to the german market and eu structural and regional funds financed by germany more than any other member state . 
   you guys did kind of screw up eastern europe anyway . 
  this is honestly the stupidest thing i 've ever heard someone say about the eu , and i 've heard a lot of absolutely moronic garbage spewed about the eu . 
  gwb hit the low 20s toward the end of his term . 
  trump is unique in that he is this unpopular this quickly , and it 's probably only going to get worse . 
  * sniff * wrong . 
   most people do n't think brexit will do them harm . 
  the pound 's fall has already made them all poorer , even if they do n't `` feel '' like they are . 
  this is the problem : feels over reals . 
  even if you could convince me that was true , your citizenry certainly is trying to severely curtail immigration . 
  as an american , i feel like may 's red , white , and blue references are a form of cultural appropriation . 
  unnecessarily strong and simplistic nationalism is our thing !, 
  get your own !, 
  you 're right , too many people conflate mad with nuclear deterrence . 
  to provide an even starker example : north korea has a nuclear deterrent against the us , not mad does not exist between the two . 
  mad really only exists between the us and russia because of their large arsenals , and numerous and technologically advanced delivery systems . 
  submarines are large warships that already do what you 're talking about . 
  i do agree though that in a global nuclear war , aircraft carriers would be destroyed very quickly . 
  russia maintains that nato nuclear-sharing violates the nuclear non-proliferation treaty . 
  the us defends the policy by saying that it has full control over the weapons , and in the event of nuclear war , the npt would be void anyway . 
  france has been , arguably , the greatest adherent to upholding international norms of the great powers . 
  the ambiguous legal nature of nuclear sharing is probably one of the reasons why france does n't have this policy . 
  it may also be because their arsenal is much smaller than the us 's . 
  i wo n't claim to know exactly what can be done , but i 'd be afraid of a state , organization , or people doing things like changing votes , voters ' information , destroying files etc. 
  yea , they do , but i still think it 's too risky . 
  in theory , i like the idea of e-voting , but i 'm afraid that they 're too vulnerable to nefarious actors . 
  i think automatic voter registration upon reaching voting age and paper ballots are the way to go . 
  yes , i 'm a big supporter of compulsory voting . 
  democracy became a requirement for nato membership in the 1990s or so . 
  portugal was a democracy by then . 
  nato membership was used alongside eu membership as a way to encourage the democratization of eastern europe and extend american and western european influence eastward . 
  stupidity has no age limit , and the elderly may also not fully understand or appreciate how life is different for 16 year olds from when they were that age . 
  it 's also not as if 18 year olds have a great deal of more life experience than 16 year olds . 
  the cutoff is largely arbitrarily made around `` adulthood . '', 
  this is honestly one of the biggest problems with modern representative democracies . 
  the significance of social policies are unjustly skewed toward the elderly because of their political weight . 
  the young should n't be absolved for failing to vote , but politicians still have a duty to govern well for them . 
  montenegro and spain are the best imo . 
  a lot of eurosceptics in general overlook the fact that the eu has acted as the primary impetus for reconciliation among a lot of european states . 
  they are eager to claim that nuclear weapons and nato , rather than the eu , kept european states from going to war with each other , but neither of those explains why france and germany are best friends now . 
   the single market is a single market . 
  big if true .
