  good man . 
  i suspect the same is true for the us as well . 
  [ i remember this shitty one from a couple of days ago . 
  ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/graphicdetail/2013/05/daily-chart-10 ), 
  the eu and the us have had a bit of a trade spat over the same issue . 
  britain and france both receive some of the most immigrants in the world . 
  why is there such a stark contrast between them ? 
   the council ruled the europe union could observe meetings until a final decision on its status was taken . 
  eu-members france , germany , spain and britain have observer status . 
   diplomats said canada and other arctic states objected to an eu ban on imported seal products . 
  indigenous groups say they depend on the seal trade . 
  it does seem a bit silly , but the three biggest eu member states and spain are already observers . 
  you can run for a seat in other countries , however . 
  then why does the map put the baltic states under eu influence , when they joined nato after poland , the czech republic , and hungary ? 
  i do n't think that they could label countries that were under us influence , because that would include nearly all of western europe as well . 
  yarr harr fiddle dee dee , bein ' an mep is alright with me !, 
  i 'm not sure about azerbaijan , but armenia 's official stance on the eu is to become a member state , yet as you point out , it relies on russia for protection from azerbaijan . 
  it seems to be trying to align with the west because its a small christian country surrounded by muslim majority countries , and because of the large armenian diaspora in western countries , yet it knows moscow is the only potential guarantor of its security . 
  you 've given me a comic idea . 
  thank you . 
  this is a terrible map . 
  why is eastern europe not in the eu 's sphere of influence in 2003 and 2004 , when most of them were acceding to the eu ? 
  why is belarus not in russia 's sphere of influence in recent years ? 
  other countries like norway , switzerland have always been in the eu 's sphere of influence . 
  the balkan states should be in the eu sphere of influence for at least the past decade as well . 
  the map really only focuses on ukraine , moldova , and georgia . 
  i smiled at britain finding france least trustworthy and most arrogant . 
  old habits die hard . 
  standard and poor 's upgraded greece 's credit rating several months ago as well , citing the determination of the eu and eurozone member states to keep greece afloat . 
  i ca n't believe its taken so long for people to realize that the euro is a political project as much as it is an economic one . 
  there has never been enough political will to see the euro collapse . 
  the idea of a greek exit from the eurozone was never a serious consideration . 
  the credit rating agencies did n't understand that even if the markets would n't loan greece cheap money , the eu and its member states would . 
  that made their credit rating less important . 
  they 've finally realized that they ca n't use the same criteria for a eurozone state that they use for other countries . 
  happy europe day everyone !, 
  and there are political elites who oppose a federal europe in order to gain/maintain their own power . 
  i really wonder how long this crisis is going to go on . 
  i 've done this test several times before . 
  i always get norway . 
  norway is best way !, 
  as much as i would love free movement of labor among even all oecd members , it wo n't happen any time soon . 
  the us is far too concerned about its border security to sign up to an idea like this . 
  i think a good first step would be to ease immigration laws among oecd members . 
  it 's not a very visible organization , barely affecting most europeans ' lives . 
  i would guess that most people think of it in a high-minded kind of way . 
  i think most recognize that it does a great deal of good in the world , and very little bad . 
  i suspect most people would rather have a choice among parties they do n't like than not . 
   you 're assuming that all of europe would rally to defend any european state that got attacked . 
  i 'm fairly confident that if an eu member state was attacked by a foreign power , that most , if not all member states would respond . 
  that aside , no country in their right mind would intentionally attack an eu member state , since they are by extension nuclear powers . 
  the only countries that could even dream of taking europe on are the us , russia , and china . 
  every other country is so far behind these three countries in power that it 's absurd . 
  even then , china does n't have the ability to project power even close to its borders , let alone europe . 
  the united states is n't going to attack a european country , so that leaves russia as the only possible country that has the capacity to wage war against any european power . 
  you can bet your ass that britain , france , and germany would protect any eu member state from russia . 
  unincorporated american territory . 
  my take on it : northern europe are the nordics and baltics . 
  western europe is britain/france/ireland / benelux . 
  central europe is germany/poland/czech republic/slovakia/austria / hungary . 
  eastern europe is belarus/ukraine/moldova . 
  the balkans are southeastern europe . 
  italy/spain/portugal are southwestern europe . 
  russia is its own category and switzerland is a caribbean island . 
  ah , you mean germany . 
  i must admit , i still very much think of europe split between east and west . 
  an american education does that to you . 
  i know that it does n't make sense anymore , and that there are better groupings , but it 's always the first thing that comes to mind . 
  [ picture 1 ] ( https://twitter.com/eh4b10/status/326574588429471746/photo/1 ) [ picture 2 ] ( https://twitter.com/eh4b10/status/326576484510728192/photo/1 ) [ picture 3 ] ( https://twitter.com/eh4b10/status/326579729178193921/photo/1 ), 
  the united states of europe does not , and never has , implied a federal europe based on the american example . 
  it 's a simple term used to describe a federal europe of state governments and a federal government . 
  more people need to understand this . 
  people use the phrase because everyone is familiar with the us : that it has states and a federal government . 
   commitment to the country this means increasingly little in a globalized world . 
  if my country was in a depression , i would n't give two shits about patriotism . 
  my first and foremost concern is my own well-being . 
  if i can not get by in one country , i 'll try my best in another . 
  that 's not to say i would n't try to blend into their culture . 
  i meant physically . 
  you ca n't really compare europe and the united states though . 
  the us is the size of a continent , with a population of 315 million , and a dominant language . 
  europe is small , with many countries and languages . 
  the need for a common language is far more important . 
  can any language even claim to be the world 's second language ? 
  spanish and mandarin are very widely spoken , but they 're not international languages in the way that english is , since they 're only widely spoken in very specific regions of the world . 
  many of those alaskan parks are probably bigger than a lot of states . 
  a law 's constitutionality can always be challenged in the courts . 
  obama has also threatened to veto cispa , and i 'm not confident that it would be able to pass the senate . 
  switzerland is right . 
  few developed economies are doing well . 
  are people still surprised that the economist , a liberal newspaper , is a critic of french economic policy ( which is n't liberal , in the anglo-american sense ) ? 
  i vote for a republic . 
  this means war !, 
  i 'm sure russian protection will help when serbia is surrounded by the eu . 
  qwerty master race . 
  most london hate seems to come from brits anyway , it 's part of the national character . 
  to most foreigners , london is regarded as one of the best cities in the world . 
  higher unemployment may be a new structural characteristic of developed economies for this very reason . 
  there was an article in the economist a few years back that debated whether or not the financial collapse `` rebalanced '' the global economy , and that higher unemployment may be here to stay . 
  i 'm not british , but i do have a strongly negative view of mrs. thatcher .
