  britain is itself within the american and european spheres of influence . 
  i think we really need to move past the idea that britain and france are somehow even in the same league as russia and china . 
  hell , britain probably is n't even in the same league as france given that it 's leaving the eu and france is historically its most powerful member state . 
  no , they represent their specific constituencies and sit according to party affiliation . 
  if the alternative to thatcher is a trump , farage , or le pen , i 'd take thatcher every day of the week . 
   does n't this bother americans ? 
  it is something an absolute monarch would do . 
  ( honest question ) it bothers about half of us , evidently . 
  the country has not been this divided since the vietnam war . 
  i think you 're overthinking it . 
  nato has been rotating more equipment in and out of the baltics than poland for a few years now since they 're less capable of defending themselves than poland is . 
  no , countries can unilaterally adopt other currencies . 
  many european microstates have already done this with the euro . 
  they just would have zero control over monetary policy . 
  you underestimate the lack of spine in the republican party . 
  these people have almost all rolled over in front of trump . 
  the republican party 's increasingly far-right wing nature and its overall ideological cohesion has produced intense party discipline that makes them a far more monolithic bloc than the democrats . 
  they are not a `` big-tent '' party . 
  they are a `` follow the leader '' party . 
  were you completely tuned out from the entire presidential campaign ? 
  god forbid people should put humanity before their countrymen . 
  holy shit that tram is cool as fuck . 
   how about to test it . 
  ask them to leave . 
   you will be surprised by their decision to stay . 
  lol you mean like how france kicked out nato forces in the 1960s , despite being a far more important and powerful us ally then than any eastern european state is today ? 
  and to provide further context : that was when nato faced a far more powerful foe than it does today . 
   rindfleischetikettierungs\u00fcberwachungsaufgaben\u00fcbertragungsgesetz how on earth did you nearly conquer europe ? 
  not one of the most violent , but the most violent . 
  be still my beating heart . 
  i 'd like to meet this scotland . 
  you 're being pedantic . 
  it 's quite clear from the context that we 're talking about the eu . 
  i think it 's too soon after trump 's election to start upending decades-old policies that have undoubtedly contributed to the greatest period of stability among the great powers . 
  yes , his rhetoric regarding nato and relations with russia are concerning , but he has also proven to be easily swayed by advisers . 
  he has little knowledge of international relations , and there are already rumblings of discontent with trump 's foreign policy among some republican senators . 
  the man is going to be sitting in the situation room with generals , national security advisers , and foreign policy advisers who will not mince their words . 
  i think he is more likely to be an empty suit on foreign policy than on domestic policy , in particular . 
  i disagree wholeheartedly . 
  either the eu has a single armed forces with a nuclear deterrent or france and the uk remain the only nuclear powers in europe . 
  there are too many nuclear powers as is . 
  proliferation in europe will only serve as justification for other , more uncouth , countries to acquire nuclear weapons . 
  nuclear non-proliferation is a more powerful policy when advocated by countries that could have nuclear weapons , but do n't , than from those that have them . 
   many of them know full well the risks i absolutely do not believe this . 
  the appalling lack of knowledge that people generally have about history , government , and politics is evidence enough . 
  i do , however , believe there are people out there who know that voting for trump , brexit et cetera are risky , but severely underestimate how risky they are because of their lack of knowledge . 
  roasted, 
  oh , is he not here ? 
  lol that 's not how it works . 
  yes , this is the only silver lining i see about trump . 
  unfortunately , i think he 's so ill-prepared to hold the office that he 'll mostly just be an empty suit for the gop , who are still very much in bed with corporate interests . 
  why exactly should the west go out of its way to be friends with authoritarian regimes who threaten its allies and interests ? 
  what makes you think any of those countries even want to be our friend ? 
  i 'd rather global civilization resemble western civilization than russian , chinese , or persian . 
  we should continue to use our influence and power to make that so . 
  he is not the turkish state . 
  russia did n't annex anything in 2008 . 
  you 're mistaking the frozen conflict in georgia with the annexation of crimea in 2014 . 
  i do n't want to live in a world order where russia , china , and iran are the us 's equal . 
  the mutual flattering language between a russian pseudo-dictator and an american president , and a willingness for the us to look the other way as russia does as it pleases , as trump has basically sought to do , contradicts nearly a century of us-russian relations for good reason . 
  it is not coincidence that the alt-right sees russia in a more neutral to positive light than the rest of the political spectrum does in the west . 
  it 's because they 're not that far ideologically from putin 's russia . 
  there is a lot of ground between threats of nuclear war ( which does not even remotely describe the current situation ) and not wanting to let russia get away with annexation , instigating frozen conflicts , and indiscriminate bombing in syria . 
  the latter is called appeasement and is something that conservatives have screamed about for more than seven decades . 
  the west is far more powerful and richer than it was in the 1980s , and russia is far less powerful than the soviet union ever was . 
  the west and russia are not equals . 
  the rest of the eu+nato are bigger , richer , and more powerful than the uk , canada , and australia combined . 
  europe 's physical location is an even more important factor for the us than the uk 's and canada 's . 
  while we are culturally and linguistically closer to the rest of the anglosphere , europe is simply more important . 
   except a lot of us in eu federalists , in favour of an eu army , want to have absolutely nothing to do with nato . 
  while i respect this point of view , i prefer us to be each other 's strongest allies . 
  we are inextricably linked in so many ways that we are each other 's most natural allies . 
  we do n't have to agree on everything to be in a military alliance . 
  agreed . 
  trump supporters ( and other far-right supporters in the west ) who think we can just be allies are delusional . 
  russia sees the world in a different way than the us and the west do . 
  we have certain policy goals that are simply incompatible . 
  some of them , like ukraine 's position in the world , are a zero-sum game . 
  it can not be in both the russosphere and the west . 
  it is a zero-sum game . 
  anyone who bemoans saudi arabia , china et cetera for human rights abuses , lack of civil liberties , transparency , and democracy should do the same for russia . 
   nato is seen by federalists as an american puppet , that 's only because they have to bail out all the members who do n't meet the bloody requirements i 'm a federalist , but granted i 'm also american . 
  i have no objection to a common european armed forces and the eu integrated into nato as a single member state . 
  american strategy is n't to turn europe into a superpower or anything that could rival the us . 
  it 's to keep europe as the junior partner , but a much more capable one . 
  an obi-wan kenobi anthology film set between episodes iii and iv . 
  / u/in _ der_tat is a pedophile . 
  you know . 
  i know it . 
  everybody knows it . 
  he 's saying that there are more comments about how turkey is not in europe in threads related to turkey than comments about how armenia/georgioa are not in europe . 
  i 'll let other people speculate why that might be . 
   portugal is part of europe too big if true . 
  i am all egg shell licking on this day . 
  yes , provolone is also popular to put on a cheese steak . 
  it 's better with cheez whiz , imo . 
  fuck you , you ca n't have a proper cheese steak without it . 
  this is a good point i do n't see addressed enough . 
  it 's always seemed to me that the more nationalist portion of the british populace views american soft power as an extension of a wider anglocentric culture to which they can also lay claim . 
  our cultural proximity and interconnectedness can make it hard to distinguish where american culture ends and british culture begins .
