  it 's navigating through uncharted waters , providing a model for other regional organizations to emulate or avoid in the future . 
  the situation on the korean peninsula is n't a european issue . 
  it is only slightly relevant because most european states are american allies . 
  i expect that if conflict breaks out , all nato members and the eu would publicly express solidarity with the united states and south korea , and perhaps provide aid and support . 
  putting boots on the ground in a combat role seems like quite a stretch , however . 
  to be fair , the economist has been railing against the french economic model for decades . 
  never mind the fact that france is richer and less privately indebted than britain . 
  it 's not that they have an anti-french bias , but rather they are pro-liberalization , an economic model many french are still wary of . 
  the economist has often seen france as the main obstacle to further economic liberalization in the west , particularly in the eu , though that has waned with germany 's economic resurgence . 
  i think a lot of french are also sensitive about this issue . 
  gaullism is still a very strong force in french political culture . 
  the idea that france is and should strive to be a great power is a dearly held belief . 
  it is difficult for some to accept that britain 's imperial legacy far outshines france 's . 
  english is the world 's lingua franca , not french . 
  liberalization is the dominant global economic force , not protectionism . 
  i personally enjoy the shitshow between the british and the french . 
  i ca n't think of any other bilateral relationship and as long as complicated as theirs . 
  i love both countries , but they 're both stuck in the past , fighting over their former glory , while the rest of the world has recognized how irrelevant they both are . 
  those shifty bovines . 
  shit . 
  this time other countries are doing the ` anschlussing ` . 
   would you support joining the two ? 
  speaking for myself , no . 
  integration on a continental scale is still a very new thing and hard for a lot of people to accept . 
  start crossing even larger physical and cultural divides and it becomes far too difficult . 
  south america and europe will always have a lot of divergent interests , as would any two continent-sized regions . 
  integrating massive blocs further than military alliances or free trade agreements is something i do n't see happening in this century . 
  south american nations are also on average more developed , democratic , with with more powerful rule of law . 
  integration based on the european model can really only work in a few areas at present , those being europe , latin america , and north america ( though the latter is also the most unlikely ) . 
  africa has too many structural problems for integration to be meaningful . 
  asia is too big and diverse , with many enemies and rivals among them . 
  australia and the surrounding areas are too small and too few as to make it a worthwhile project . 
  color me surprised . 
  it 's almost like the problem has less to do with individual countries and more to do with the currency . 
  whiskers probably . 
  ( usa ), 
  combatting euroskepticism . 
  czech republic is miscolored on the map . 
  i feel you . 
  the commission released a report not long ago saying that norway was about as integrated with the eu as the uk . 
  i imagine that once the oil dries up they 'll join . 
  yes , they should . 
  that 's what this whole crisis is about . 
  the eu is trying to force the rules to be followed so that this crisis wo n't happen again . 
  i 'm not defending the euro as a good currency . 
  it was poorly designed , but it was also designed that way deliberately , as a method to pursue aspirations of further economic and political integration . 
   fucking bullshit , that 's the same as saying `` there 's plenty of modern democratic countries that do n't allow for gay marriage so it should be banned '' . 
  i do n't understand what you 're saying here . 
   what about the politicians , are they not just as uninformed or misinformed about issues ? 
  that 's an argument strictly against democracy , it 's essentially saying `` the people are stupid and ca n't think for themselves so we 'll decide for them '' . 
  many of them are , but compared to the average citizen , they know quite a bit more about governance . 
  this does n't mean they 're morally superior . 
  it 's just that i would prefer to keep a professional political `` class '' if you will , rather than random people picked off the street and put them in charge of governing a country . 
   of course not in every issue , only in the issues the people want to have their voices heard . 
  if latvians did n't care , then it would be fine , but if the majority is clearly against it , why the fuck would you ever impose it on them ? 
  how do you decide which issue the people want to be heard on ? 
  there are a lot of people who want to severely restrict immigration for specific ethnic and religious groups . 
  there are people who want to restrict the rights of gays and transgenders . 
  dabbling in direct democracy too much can lead to tyranny of the majority , which is one of the reasons why most countries do n't use referendums often . 
  just ten years ago , the majority of people in the united states wanted to ban gay marriage . 
  if there was a public referendum held on that , it would have been banned in all fifty states and dc . 
  at least some states allow gay marriage at present . 
  similarly , california uses public referendums extensively . 
  a few years back , the public voted to impose term limits on state government representatives . 
  this has made california 's government dysfunctional . 
  people who write a law are then kicked to the curb , making it so that the new legislators do n't understand the law 's function or intent . 
  additionally , it 's undemocratic . 
  in a representative democracy , you should be able to vote for the same person to represent your district/state/country as many times as you want . 
  term limits are a terrible idea in almost every aspect , yet the public supported them because it 's a popular talking point . 
  the whole point of a union is to create a common set of rules and regulations in order to act as one , and to prevent members from undermining each other . 
  yes , the eu has a democratic deficit , but calling for referendums on every issue only creates more obstacles . 
  there is a very good reason why modern democracies are representative democracies rather than direct democracies . 
  this is because the public is often uninformed or misinformed about issues , reinforced by popular sentiment . 
  plebiscites have their place in modern democracy , but not for every issue . 
  the eu had certain rules that had to be agreed to before a country joins . 
  if latvia did n't want to adopt the euro , they should n't have approved their entry into the eu . 
  it was known at the time that they would one day have join the currency . 
  there was no shortage of people at the time who were aware of the currency 's flaws . 
  in 2003 , latvia held a referendum on joining the eu . 
  the voters approved it 2 to 1 . 
  joining the eu is like joining a club with rules . 
  one of those rules is to eventually adopt the euro . 
  not every decision about the eu should be decided by a plebiscite . 
  well when you hit rock bottom ... 
  tomorrow 's headline : turkey offers to buy cyprus . 
  there once was a man from / r/europe who was only able to rhyme it with syrup his comment was bland but they 'd understand that his limerick was better with ketchup, 
  r'amen . 
  cyprus oblast *, 
  i assume the russians are involved somehow . 
  does the us have a military presence in cyprus ? 
  i know the uk does . 
  how insightful . 
  i do n't know , but i 'm sure it is n't at the fore of their thinking . 
  excellent analysis . 
  this has been the most interesting news coming from the eurocrisis . 
  however this debacle is dealt with seems to seal merkel 's fate . 
  if cyprus is given a direct fiscal transfer , the german voters will throw her out . 
  if cyprus leaves the euro , the euro is undermined and all her work will have been for nothing . 
  if russia decides to bail cyprus out , it increases russian influence in the eu , which already resents the fact that is has so much power over them on energy issues , ukraine , belarus etc. 
  i sincerely hope the eu just forks over the money to cyprus .
