  it 's quite literally the most important event of the past two and a half centuries . 
  indigenous americans in groningen are being oppressed by dutch settlers from new amsterdam . 
  looks like nazispeak to me . 
  time to fire up the tanks . 
  careful , or the next map will be how to divide nazi netherlands . 
  i sincerely hope this happens in my lifetime . 
  that 's like comparing inner london with rural bulgaria , which is probably worse . 
  i want to say the same thing , but 2016 has proven me wrong so many times . 
  upvoted for honesty . 
  and india left the british empire in 1947 . 
  is canada also older than india ? 
  i have no idea what the fuck you 're trying to say . 
  there is no way you can argue that canada is older than the us . 
  the american colonies were older than english settlements in canada . 
  the us had been an independent nation for nearly a century before canada even became a dominion . 
  canada was not a sovereign state until the late 20th century . 
  jamestown was established in 1607 . 
  this is n't debatable , it 's historical fact . 
  jamestown , virginia was the first permanent english settlement in the americas . 
  whichever way you cut it , we 're older . 
  \\ # 2 looks a lot like the pacific northwest . 
  we are . 
  canada is technically larger by area , but we 're older , more populous , more powerful , and larger individually . 
  i really love how so many countries have a big brother-little brother kind of relationship . 
  uk + ireland us + canada australia + new zealand france/netherlands + belgium germany + austria the incestuous nordics . 
  spain + portugal etc. 
  the first letter of every sentence of plato 's * the republic * is actually a detailed set of instructions for producing feta cheese . 
  marco rubio was an early outspoken critic of tillerson , and he 's already being clawed back by gop leaders . 
  i 'm not so sure tillerson gets defeated . 
  this must be the war on christmas people talk about . 
  i do this every day . 
  ** two ways to divide poland ** 1 . 
  nazi germany , soviet union, 
  what, 
  he literally called himself the law and order candidate , verbatim , in his acceptance speech at the republican national convention and during his stump speeches . 
  http://www.politico.com/story/2016/07/full-transcript-donald-trump-nomination-acceptance-speech-at-rnc-225974 http://www.politico.com/story/2016/07/trump-law-order-candidate-225372 he also harped on about law and order in one of the debates . 
  http://www.cnn.com/videos/politics/2016/09/27/clinton-trump-debate-hofstra-stop-and-frisk-sot-five.cnn/video/playlists/2016-presidential-debate-donald-trump-hillary-clinton/ furthermore , the republicans have characterized themselves as the law and order party for decades . 
  none of this should come as a shock to anyone who has paid even a modicum of attention to american politics , ever . 
  do n't give staten island a pass . 
  it looks like they pulled these tanks out of iraq , tossed a bucket of green paint on them , and called it a day . 
  papers like * the new york times * and * the washington post * , which have noble reputations stretching back ~ 150 years , have won a combined 164 pulitzer prizes , published the pentagon papers , brought down a president , and are both widely considered papers of record , are now under siege by people who see infowars and breitbart as equally authoritative . 
  there are people who think * the new york times * is just the left 's version of breitbart . 
  if the distinction between sources as antithetical as these these two is not immediately apparent to an individual , the problem is with the individual , not the sources . 
  i ca n't speak to european perceptions of those brands , but in the us , honda , mitsubishi , and toyota are nowhere near as highly regarded as bmw . 
  volkswagen , sure . 
  this is really cool . 
  i 'm here to take credit . 
  i wonder how this will play out once trump takes office . 
  if the us partially or completely lifts economic sanctions on russia , will the eu and japan follow suit , or will they break with the us and maintain sanctions ? 
  if the latter happens , i suspect that we 'd be able to acknowledge that the international system 's unipolar nature has come to an end . 
  oh , no thank you . 
  i 'm full . 
  i thought they speak french in europe . 
  you have been banned from / r/memehattanproject, 
  how very american . 
  you can take a comment chain , refine it as a screenshot , and weaponize it . 
  what do you think the whole point of the memehattan project was ? 
   come at me , se\u00d1orito wow , it 's so similar to english . 
  i ca n't believe i never bothered learning it, 
  what about schr\u00f6dinger 's / r/italy ? 
  it 's simultaneously an ally and an enemy . 
  sweden is a meme superpower . 
  [ what are * you * doing ? 
  greece confirmed post-ww3 superpower . 
  would anyone like to buy some of / r/murica 's weaponized memes ? 
  i recall seeing a linguistic study that measured this and i thought english and mandarin were at the top . 
  slovenia and estonia would like a word . 
  i love looking at these maps just to always see all of norway in dark red . 
   mcdonalds revenue in europe was more than 11 billion usd in 2014 , ** more than in the us . 
  ** oh fuck , i have n't been doing my part !, 
  the english deride american english as simplified english , but all of the man-hours saved by not writing superfluous letters is why we 're a superpower and they are n't . 
  and yet the center-right has been in power for more of the 2000s in the us and most of europe than the center-left . 
  let 's also not forget that reagan and thatcher pulled a significant chunk of the west 's political spectrum to the right . 
  bill clinton and tony blair were n't leftists . 
  they were centrists . 
   and the rhetoric of the `` far right '' of the 1930s was itself also cherry picking the rhetoric of the right and left of the 1930s ... 
  wait , what ? 
  fascism is literally what exists on the far-right of the political spectrum . 
  you ca n't just suggest fascism is n't part of the far-right . 
  fascism and communism espouse completely different ideals . 
  the fascist parties of 1930s europe used fascist rhetoric , not fascist rhetoric infused with communist rhetoric . 
  any similarities in populist rhetoric are n't substantive when the two ideologies are completely antithetical . 
   which is to say , this really is n't about left vs right . 
  you 're right , the main political battle right now is between the center-right and the far-right . 
   all of those parties you mention have parallel establishment right wing parties/factions that they are competing with , and they are not happy with the false conservatives at all . 
  ( afd vs cdu , fn vs lr , ukip vs torries , neocons vs other republican aligned factions , etc. ), 
  none of your examples are of two parallel parties . 
  the cdu , les republicains , and the tories are all center-right parties . 
  afd , fn , and ukip are all far-right parties . 
  the political spectrum is n't just left and right . 
  there 's more nuance to it than you seem to understand . 
  further , the establishment republicans are the center-right of the american political spectrum , which is a bit further right than europe 's center-right , but elements that propelled trump to victory are firmly far-right . 
  your entire post is complete nonsense . 
  american politics is more polarized than it has ever been . 
  the left hails obama for staving off a second great depression , while the right rails about underemployment , the fact that most new jobs created since the recession are low-wage jobs , and that rural areas and former manufacturing centers have not recovered as quickly as other areas . 
  i also think it 's hard to argue he did a bad job . 
  the economy is not perfect , but the fact that so many people seem to have forgotten how dire the situation was in late 2008/early 2009 is amazing . 
  alright , then there 's no point in my discussing this with you . 
   but more to it than that , it would be a mistake to view the recent populism as a purely right wing development , rather than as the development of a third faction that cherry picks the rhetoric of both the left and the right . 
  no , it 's really not .
