  the reason is due to class conflict . 
  class conflict consumed great britain for much of the 19th and early 20th century . 
  unions and populist support for governmental intervention in and regulation of certain industries forced government to play a key role in the economy . 
  this never happened on quite the same scale in the united states . 
  this is largely due to two reasons . 
  the firs being that racial tension consumed the united states in a far more extensive way than in the uk . 
  hell , we fought a war against ourselves over whether or not black people should be considered property . 
  class conflict never erupted in the same manner because of a somewhat higher religiosity in the united states . 
  you , the lowly factory working peon , and your boss , the wealthy industrialist , both attend church on sunday morning and sell baked goods to raise money for your church , constructing a sense of camaraderie between the upper and lower classes . 
  the end result is that the uk has fallen somewhere in between the us and continental europe politically , though much closer to europe . 
  the thatcher era produced a shift to the right , bringing the uk closer to the us than in decades past . 
  the financial sector of the uk accounts for close to 30 % of its gdp , and income inequality is much higher than continental europe , but still lower than the us . 
  which is why merkel and the cdu are calling for political union . 
   firstly on the soft power . 
  i think that of the us/china/eu , the eu has the least soft power by far . 
  i do n't dispute that american soft power is more significant than european soft power . 
  i argue that european soft power exceeds that of china 's . 
  parliamentary government itself is a european construction . 
  almost every democracy in the world is modeled in some way off a parliamentary system , usually the westminster system . 
  european models of government are the standard model for a democracy to take , not american , and certainly not chinese . 
  most of china 's soft power is a result of its economic strength , but it is still a much smaller economy than the eu or the us . 
  chinese cultural influence is far below that of europe 's and america 's . 
   participation in the iraq war by european nations is also , in my opinion of soft power in europe , because it is a tacit support of us hegemony to participate rather than coercion that brought it on . 
  also the fact that us sponsored laws are pushed through many european parliaments ( like ip laws , missile defense stuff etc ) fairly commonly shows the soft power imbalance . 
  the iraq war began more than 8 years ago . 
  europe has changed ** a lot ** in those 8 years . 
  the lisbon treaty was ratified in 2007 , and many of its components still have yet to be implemented . 
  the eu has evolved into a much more powerful entity than it was in 2003 . 
  a lot of european countries participated in the war , but every single one of them has withdrawn . 
  the uk had the only significant number of troop deployment anyway . 
  the iraq war itself was a turning point for europe . 
  europe has become less eager to follow america 's lead . 
  hell , it was only a few months ago that sarkozy and cameron were trying to get obama to take a more active role in libya . 
  the majority of america 's soft power that affects europe is cultural ( movies , tv , etc. 
  ) , which is an entirely different story . 
  i 'm not arguing that the eu is a superpower , what i 'm trying to say is that europe has soft power roughly equal to america 's . 
  its soft power is concentrated in other areas , like eurasia , africa and parts of the middle east . 
  the very fact that the american economy is now beholden to what happens in the eurozone is evident of america 's decreasing relative soft power . 
   i also take issue with the idea that parliamentary and us single member district style goverments are very different . 
  this could be a very long and very dry argument so i 'll sum it up by saying that they both have the same goals and end results , just a different in when and how coalitions are formed . 
  trivial differences though and much more similar than they are different in governance . 
  they really are very different . 
  in a parliamentary system , the executive is an outgrowth of the legislature , and is not directly elected . 
  in the us , the executive is an entirely separate entity that is ( almost ) directly elected . 
  parliamentary systems almost always are characterized by at least several political parties . 
  the us has been dominated by a two party system reaching back to its inception . 
  the judicial branch in many parliamentary systems do n't have the power of judicial review , where as it is an explicit power for the american court system . 
  the us holds elections to the lower house every two years , whereas parliamentary systems generally do not have set election years , and a government can fall for a number of reasons , forcing new elections . 
  the senate is very different from most upper houses in parliamentary systems because it has incredible power . 
  these are anything but trivial differences . 
  government structure is one of the most fundamental aspects of countries . 
  even though two countries are democracies , they can still be wildly different . 
   until the eu can act politically militarily and economically with one voice they do n't have the ability to generate soft or hard power , because relationships with individual states are still more valuable to countries than dealing with the eu as a whole . 
  i disagree . 
  hard power need not be military power , and soft power already exists in great abundance . 
  economic power is a measure of hard power . 
  the eu has used its economic power in a variety of ways . 
  it has offered to essentially `` buy '' belarus from its dictator . 
  it has pledged to help rebuild libya via investments . 
  the very fact that the entire global economy is on the brink because of the euro crisis shows just how influential the eu 's economy is . 
  the eu as a bloc is also increasingly becoming a power in international relations . 
  it is part of the quartet in the israel-palestine issue , and on the developments of the arab spring , the eu has taken stances as a whole , in addition to the individual member states making joint statements . 
  the world we now live in is one that is less about hard power and more about cooperation and soft power . 
  the united states might be the most powerful country militarily , but nuclear weaponry essentially levels the playing field between nations . 
  if we assume that the us , the eu , and china are rational actors ( which they are ) , we can assume that they will not go to war with one another not only because of their economic interdependence , but because a war between any of them would be too costly to every side . 
  military power is instead resigned to proxy wars , intimidation , and non-nuclear powers . 
  it is not a good means of comparing superpowers or the new great powers . 
   we mainly disagree on how long this will take . 
  i am under the impression that it will take at least 50 years to get to the level of integration necessary to be considered a unified power . . 
  this is true . 
  i think that a 50-year window is reasonable , but it 's probably not wise to bet on it . 
  a year ago , most people did n't think the eu was terribly close to fiscal union . 
  today , because of the euro crisis , fiscal union has become the only solution to the crisis , and is being advocated by many european leaders , such as the german chancellor herself . 
  the eu could consolidate its power quickly or slowly . 
  many , myself included , think that it is already at the point where it makes sense to have a g3 ( eu , us , china ) , as in a few years , they will create a huge portion of the global economy . 
  under the current system , i agree . 
  the eu will likely be changing a lot in the coming years , and will most likely have a stronger central authority than it has now . 
  some of the major news this week was about a proposal for the ecj to impose sanctions on eurozone members who were out of line . 
   europe will definitely get there though but i do n't think they can do it without great britain . 
  i disagree that they ca n't do it without the uk . 
  were the uk to secede , the eu would still have an economy roughly equal to the us in terms of gdp , and have a population of about 450 million people . 
  continental europe is large enough to effectively dwarf british policy and interests , somewhat similarly to the relationship between the us and canada . 
  canada is not a major global power in the way the us is , and it is hard to imagine the uk remaining a global power when it is so much smaller than the us , eu , and china . 
   and it 's a much longer timeline until it 's a superpower in it 's own right . 
  it depends on your definition of superpower . 
  the us is still widely regarded as the world 's sole superpower , but the eu already has the world 's largest economy and soft power roughly equal to america 's . 
  china 's military and economic might are rapidly increasing , and are beginning to push back america 's influence in the asia-pacific region . 
  the united states is no longer the economic and political model for the world . 
  nearly all democracies in the world have some form of parliamentary system , which is widely different from the american political system , which in recent years has been dishearteningly publicly displaying its most fundamental flaws . 
  china , russia and the eu all have different economic models from the us as well . 
  china and russia have forms of state-capitalism , and the eu is composed of many countries that have a social economy . 
  the only facet in which the united states can still be considered globally dominant is militarily , though china 's rise is putting an end to the nearly century long era of american military dominance . 
  finally , because of globalization , america 's foreign influence has decreased drastically . 
  look at how little the united states matters to the european leaders dealing with the euro crisis . 
  america 's influence over china fell off a cliff after 1948 , but china was such a poor country until recently that they could afford to ignore it . 
  i think that the world is exiting the era of the superpower , and is instead returning to the paradigm of great powers , similar to europe from roughly 1500-1945 . 
  if there is anything that can be drawn from the fundamental historical interaction between great powers , it is of conflict . 
  i hope that mutual economic interests and the advent of nuclear weapons are enough of a deterrent for war between the new great powers . 
   it 's selfish but the wait and see approach has no downside for them at the moment . 
  it 's hardly selfish for the uk to be more resigned from the european project than other countries .
