  keep fighting the good fight . 
  the first link is euroscepticism data . 
  the second and third links are about how people primarily identify . 
  i 'm not sure how else you can measure nationalism . 
   ukip have never had a minister in the british government . 
  they currently only hold 1 seat in parliament . 
  get your facts right there is n't a single part of my post where i said they did . 
   i consider non-voters as being complicit . 
  i consider everyone not constantly on the streets protesting as not doing enough . 
  this is fascism , you have to fight it , the consequences otherwise * will be gravely i agree that non-voters are complicit . 
  there are very frequent protests . 
  expecting 24/7 protests is a little much at this point . 
  i do n't disagree that trump 's administration is fascist . 
  the judiciary is doing its job and acting as a check on trump 's power . 
  our system is working . 
  congress is slowly investigating the trump-russian scandal . 
  this will likely take a while to heat up . 
  i still think odds are better than not that trump does not serve a full term . 
   as a side note : i have been living in america for a year and have gone to school in south dakota . 
  truth is , most people i have met were truly idiots and the education system in your country is a joke . 
  you 're in south dakota . 
  try going to urban parts of the country . 
  yes , our public education system is absolute trash . 
  the only bright spot of our education system are our universities , but not every goes to them , and even fewer of them go to the best ones . 
   i did n't meet too many russians , maybe that 's why i feel it 's equal . 
  but i do n't consider russia right now as led by white supremacists , just a violent dispot . 
  and russia has less influence on the world than the us has , so potential consequences are more regional . 
  you may point out that they invaded and annexed crimea , and you are right . 
  this is a fair argument , but i think your view of americans is largely shaped by the fact that you have a much higher degree of interaction with them than russians . 
  i doubt the average russian is any more impressive than the average american , if at all . 
   but the us has fought 4 + major wars in the last 70 years with hundreds of thousands of casualties and i 'd argue none of those wars were even remotely justified . 
  i 'd agree with you that vietnam and iraq were n't justifiable wars . 
  the gulf war , afghanistan war , and korean war were . 
   plus , trump wants another nuclear arms race . 
  big no-no . 
  agreed . 
   ` appears stronger ' . 
  i 'd accept if you threw statistics or even anecdotal evidence at me . 
  [ euroscepticism data based on eurobarometer polling form 2007 and 2012 . 
  ] ( http://www.ecfr.eu/page/-/ecfr79_euroscepticism_brief_aw.pdf ) [ eurobarometer 81 - spring 2014 ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb/eb81/eb81_citizen_en.pdf ) 64 % of british respondents see themselves as british only . 
  32 % of dutch respondents see themselves as dutch only . 
  [ eurobarometer 83 - spring 2015 ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/public_opinion/archives/eb/eb83/eb83_citizen_en.pdf ) 64 % of british respondents see themselves as british only . 
  26 % of dutch respondents see themselves as dutch only . 
   wilders has more power in the dutch parliament than ukip does in the uk getting britain to leave the eu has been ukip 's raison d'\u00eatre for years . 
  seeing as how they were instrumental in making that happen by threatening the tories ' voter base , i think it 's fair to say they have been more influential than wilders , whose party has never even had a minister in the dutch government . 
  i really like almost all of this , particularly the security proposals . 
   we 'll propose to introduce a budget for the eurozone with three functions : investments for the future , financial help for emergencies and response to economic crisis . 
  the access to this budget will be bid on the respect of common rules on fiscal and social orientations to avoid dumping in our union . 
  what does he mean by this ? 
  my first thought is that this is a deliberate first step toward fiscal union among the eurozone by introducing a pooled budget that serves as a supplement to the eu budget and national budgets . 
  i think this would be a great idea , but i do n't want to misunderstand his proposal . 
  this platform espouses a forward thinking vision of europe , which has been sorely missed for the past decade . 
  the recent rising tide of populist nationalism has pushed me toward greater appreciation of the steady , but uninspiring , hand of merkel , because i 'll take what i can get at this point , but this is a dude that i would happily vote * for * . 
  on a personal level , he reminds me a lot of obama . 
   i did not minor in history and you still sound like a fool to me when you talk of how the us have saved the free world since 1941 . 
  i do n't know why you still think i said this . 
  there 's no point in continuing this when you 've repeatedly failed to understand what i actually said . 
  i was responding to this statement  it took attacks by japanese airplanes and german subs to finally get you involved towards the end of the war . 
  all i did was point out that 1941 was not towards the end of the war . 
   the us did n't come to europe to clean up until operation overlord . 
  how rich that you were criticizing me for not knowing history when you 're omitting the allied invasion of sicily and the italian peninsula , not to mention american bombing raids on continental europe in 1942 . 
   fundamentally i see this whole turn to populism and general public lethargy as the result of the breakdown of the central societal narrative . 
  i honestly think it 's just undertones of racism and xenophobia . 
  in europe , its antipathy towards muslims and some eastern europeans , in america , its muslims and mexicans . 
   polandball ... 
  please ? 
  i have dozens of unfinished comics lying around . 
  i can never find the time to get back to it . 
  i am fully aware of why japan attacked pearl harbor . 
  that does n't make your comment any less stupid because japan did not `` have '' to continue to be a warmonger . 
  i minored in history in college and have an advanced degree in ir . 
  i 'm not illiterate in either subject by any means . 
  if you 're going to stereotype me as a stupid american then hopefully you would n't get upset if i were to stereotype you as an arrogant european . 
  you are literally defending imperial japanese aggression . 
  do you understand how insane that is ? 
  no where in that comment did i say we saved europe . 
  all i did was point out that suggesting 1941 was `` towards the end of the war '' is categorically wrong . 
  stop misinterpreting my comments . 
   you literally occupied germany and japan . 
  japan literally started the war with the us . 
  germany declared war on us first , had attacked american merchant ships in the atlantic , and had already conquered most of europe , much of which towards we had been sympathetic . 
   the marshall plan was supposed to form germany into a bulwark against communism , not to bring prosperity and happiness to its citizens . 
  so we only get credit if it was altruistic ? 
   we see around 50 % of the country as lunatics this is how each half of the country sees the other half . 
  we are a deeply divided country . 
  fair point , but people are falsely painting the us as an evil imperial power , which would put it in a similar category as nazi germany . 
  i guess a better example would be british media referring to anti-british or anti-english sentiment or `` talking down the country '' or vis-\u00e0-vis brexit or its involvement in the iraq war . 
  we have an electoral system that disproportionately favors the political party that the vast majority of people of this sub take issue with , myself included . 
  we do n't have a government that accurately reflects the people because of this . 
  changing that system is a nearly impossibly hard task because it would require constitutional amendments . 
  getting 2/3 of the country to agree on anything is hard . 
   and i hope i was n't too insulting . 
  not at all . 
   when objections to german foreign policy were more widespread . 
  well , i was referring to the 1930s and 1940s , when germany foreign policy was more prominent global news . 
   you invested far more in iraq and greece , yet did you build a transparent democratic iraq or an industrial powerhouse greece ? 
  what you refuse to understand is that the us can not do any of the things you claim it did , if the conditions on the ground are not favorable . 
  germany did have the basis for strong industry and democracy , that is why germans made success of it . 
  we will always be grateful to the us , but the marshall plan was more useful to us industry than to germany . 
  i never suggested that the us can build stable democracies out of thin air , nor did i suggest that the marshall plan was purely altruistic .
