  cities tend to be overwhelmingly democratic ) . 
  state lines are fixed and not subject to gerrymandering . 
  if it were up to me , the house would be elected with mmpr and the senate 's membership would also look more like the bundesrat rather than equal representation for every state . 
   we only need one . 
  not everyone needs to do the same job . 
  the problem is that he 's asked to do things he ca n't , and when he points out why we suddenly get collective amnesia because questioning the council involves us asking some really hard questions . 
   but i repeat , we do n't need more than the head of the commission . 
  the parliament president represent the collective parties in coalition , and that is how parliaments work . 
  the council president represents the member states and that 's how regional representation works . 
  that 's good enough if we were actually discussing things rationally . 
  i agree , but vague nature of the council president 's powers mean that both he and the commission president have some overlap , like on foreign policy . 
  i think the council president should be the head of the legislature 's upper chamber . 
   pretty much . 
  i 've already prepared for the disappearance of the eu in 10 years . 
  too much is working against it from the inside and out , and no one is asking the serious questions . 
  i do n't think it will disappear . 
  ironically , i think brexit will serve as a vindication of the eu . 
  i think the eu will continue to be less than the sum of its parts for a very long time . 
  i think what we 're lacking right now across the world are decisive visionaries in the same vein as wilson , roosevelt , churchill , and monnet . 
  the rise of nationalism and populism has cheapened our politics and plagued our ability to solve problems . 
  i know . 
  that incident is a problem for two reasons : that it was blocked by a member outside the eurozone in the first place , and that the compact was eventually agreed outside of the eu 's framework as a result . 
  i know a lot of europhiles who argue that there is really is n't a democratic deficit , and i understand the argument , but i disagree with it . 
  the council of ministers are one step removed from the public , unlike many upper houses . 
  many members of the council are themselves indirectly elected . 
  on top of that , there is no single executive that answer to a european electorate . 
  you can make the case that the president of the commission is close enough to a prime minister now because of spitzenkandidaten , but he heads only one of the institutions , which we know has been sidelined by the council over the past two and half decades . 
   the problem is that the council can and has acted outside the eu institutions , while pretending it 's the eu . 
  i agree that this is a problem , but this is due to the failings of the intergovernmental institutions , where a single national government can derail something that is necessary for the rest ( e.g. 
  the uk vetoing the fiscal compact from ~ 2013 ) . 
  if the national governments were weakened , this would n't be a problem . 
  my preferred solution is to dissolve the council , turn the council of ministers into a single body with directly elected members somewhere between proportional and equal representation ( like the bundesrat ) , and to turn the president of the commission into a directly president of the eu . 
  this is a federalist pipe-dream though . 
  if you think lobbying is synonymous with corruption you need learn a great deal more about politics . 
  you 're peddling one of those stupid tropes that people who do n't know anything about politics feel is true . 
  you 're absolutely correct . 
  the commission was its most powerful under delors . 
  it has been slowly neutered and sidelined by the council ever since . 
  the argument for the eu 's democratic deficit relies almost entirely due to the creeping power of the intergovernmental institutions and the lack of legislative initiative in the parliament . 
  there are only two ways to solve the democratic deficit : continue on the path toward federalism by empowering the supranational institutions at the expense of the intergovernmental institutions and national governments or dramatically reduce the scope and purpose of the eu . 
  what, 
  defunding the state department was almost assuredly pushed hardest by bannon , given that he 's the most powerful nationalist in the white house . 
  however , sidelining the state department has been part of republican doctrine for decades . 
  they were n't invented until 1966 . 
  '' ` in case anyone wanted a translation ' is not on the sign in case anyone was wondering '' is on the sign , however . 
  bernie would be your standard social democrat in europe . 
   he is a nutbag . 
  if the us government had any sense they would label him a foreign agent and deport him . 
  oh boy , are you sure you 're not the nutbag ? 
  fortunately the amazon rainforest is even denser than the ardennes , so the germans would * never * think of invading through brazil . 
  yea , gagarin is probably the most famous name in astronautics after armstrong . 
  it 's a good thing that most of the west bank 's aid comes from the eu then . 
  damn . 
  croatia seems pretty pro-european . 
  glad they 're joining next year . 
  let 's be honest . 
  the only reason the us votes the way it does is because of the israeli/jewish lobby in the us . 
  it has a stranglehold over our politicians . 
  our populace is not nearly as staunchly pro-israel as it seems from our actions on the international stage . 
  that being said , i 'm glad europe has some balls . 
  poorly . 
  three cheers for economic interdependence !, 
  putin smash . 
  one is more irrelevant than the other . 
  i wo n't say which one because they 're both irrelevant . 
  but then what are german men supposed to have sex with ? 
  $ 11.5 trillion is held by the us public , so it 's true there too . 
  we have also been supplying both egypt and israel with military aid for decades . 
  we threatened to veto in the security council the palestinian authority 's bid for full un membership . 
  we granted a massive resupply effort to israel when they were caught by surprise by the arabs in the 1973 war . 
  then we sent henry kissinger to the region to help create a ceasefire that ended the war . 
  we nearly went to war with the soviet union because of the war . 
  the camp david accords is arguably the single most important development in the conflict , as it has brought a lasting peace between egypt and israel after 30 years of bitter animosity . 
  israel is the closest thing the us has to a legitimate friend in the middle east , an area that is critical given that it is the crossroads between several major civilizations , like russia , turkey , the eu , and iran . 
  our policy throughout the cold war was to prevent the soviet union from gaining influence in the region by containing it . 
  this was so important to us that we used the camp david accords to turn egypt from a soviet client state into an american client state . 
  top that all off with the fact that we fought two wars with iraq , have an very close relationship with the saudis , have been using drones in yemen , and just helped facilitate the recent ceasefire between israel and hamas . 
  the arab-israeli conflict is of massive importance to the us . 
  the fact that you say otherwise only displays a superficial understanding of the issue . 
  it is most certainly not a minor issue to the american government . 
  if it was , we would n't be so engaged in the region and conflict resolution . 
  have you ever heard of the camp david accords ? 
  un resolutions 242 and 338 ? 
  the region is incredibly important to american interests , and the region is dominated by the conflict . 
  the fact that speaking ill of israel is nearly a death sentence in american politics proves just how significant the issue is in american politics . 
  the arab-israeli conflict is an issue we care deeply about . 
  it is when almost the entire west is opposed to it . 
  i 'm neither spanish nor catalan , but my understanding is that support for independence in catalonia is high , and is further strengthened by the strong results for the pro-independence parties . 
  the problem is that under spain 's constitution , the government in madrid has to agree to a referendum as well , which they will not agree to , especially given spain 's current economic plight . 
  the best solution in the medium-term seems to be an attempt at federation . 
  there was failed spanish federation in the late 19th century i believe , so it may be possible that that option is not as popular as it otherwise could be . 
  it 's hard to focus on science where gravity is reversed . 
  http://www.eurunion.org/eu/images/stories/guideforamer2012.pdf it 's actually quite long , but easy to understand . 
  russia will be providing the launch and landing systems . 
  given their track record with mars , i would n't see this agreement as too optimistic . 
  if anything , it should underscore europe 's need to develop the technological capabilities that nasa and the us have . 
  let me know when you 've landed a nuclear powered car on another planet . 
  i 'm probably one of the biggest europhiles here , yet i agree that cap needs to be reformed and that the parliament should have a single seat ( but that france should probably host a major institution as well ) . 
  i agree with a financial transaction tax in principle , but i also understand that it provides a disadvantage to the eu when most other countries would n't have one . 
  i think it is absolutely necessary for the people who move money around so frequently to shoulder some of the responsibility of market crashes .
