  i 'd find it fascinating too if it was n't so goddamned infuriating . 
  what ? 
  lots of people in finance live in nyc . 
  the ones two hours outside the city are those who want to live in mansions and have a zoo in their backyard . 
  furthermore , the uber rich generally live in first-tier cities . 
  frankfurt is not one of them . 
  paris and london are . 
  the context of the comment chain made it seem like you were asking why people get angry at british euroscepticism . 
  i apologize if that 's not what you were asking . 
  honestly , because british euroscepticism stinks of a superiority complex . 
  i always start on france too . 
   europe does not need to be influential or a global power . 
  it is very arrogant of us to think we need to . 
  if you hold this opinion , then i hope you do n't criticize any other world powers given your acceptance to abdicate your ability to shape global affairs . 
   yes . 
  cool , then i hope you support it for every political subdivision , including london , ni etc. 
   not sure where you got the idea i think the uk is being oppressed because i have no problem whatsoever with how the eu voting works `` but for some reason we should have to subject ourselves to policies we do n't like otherwise we hate co-operation . '', 
  how exactly are you a cooperative partner when you bitch about not always getting your way ? 
   the ~ ~ eu ~ ~ uk is a trade and political union ; the ~ ~ british ~ ~ scottish people have different opinions from other ~ ~ europeans ~ ~ britons politically . 
  but for some reason we should have to subject ourselves to policies we do n't like otherwise we hate co-operation . 
  get off your high horse do you still agree with this ? 
  furthermore , 48 % of those who voted in the referendum are being subjected to a policy they do n't like . 
  it 's also a shitty argument considering there are never policies that 100 % of the people support . 
  you never get everything you want in a democracy . 
  being a political minority that is fairly represented , with protected rights , does not mean you are subjected to oppression or tyranny . 
  no , i get that . 
  the point is that the eu is not a nation-state . 
  supporting the eu means you are more of a globalist than a nationalist . 
  alright , but the consensus that it 's a worthwhile thing is , ( which is what i was implying ) . 
  exactly . 
  it 's nationalism versus globalism . 
  a german taxpayer subsidizing a poorer polish region is n't fundamentally different from subsidizing a poorer german region . 
  the only difference is where your emotional attachment lies and how strong it is . 
  if your emotional attachment is to the nation state , you 're more likely to see eu structural and regional funding as more objectionable than national fiscal transfers . 
  it 's an argument of the heart , not the brain . 
   the uk has a currency union . 
  the only way that currency union can work is with massive fiscal transfers within it . 
  i 'm aware . 
  maybe england should leave the uk then . 
  why are you propping up other rich countries ? 
  they could get their own currencies . 
  my argument is reductio ad absurdum . 
  you can break down societal organization further and further to show well-off communities providing for less well off communities . 
  what i 'm driving at is that you 've chosen the nation-state as the level to stop , which is completely arbitrary . 
  it 's 100 % nationalism . 
   some processed foodstuffs from africa get eu tariffs on them can you provide me with some additional info ? 
  i suspect it 's probably to protect european consumers from consuming food produced in countries with less stringent safety and quality standards ( while also promoting countries to adopt european standards ) . 
   yes fair enough , but then surely england should n't subsidize the other rich ( by global standards ) countries in the uk . 
  that money should be going to poorer countries instead . 
   uk to reduce all tariffs on imports from africa and put in place comprehensive free trade deals with all african countries . 
  the eu already effectively does this . 
  it 's one way in order to prevent eu companies from stifling development of local african industry . 
  so you 'd be okay with an amount of money equivalent to the uk 's net contribution to the eu going to africa instead ? 
   i do not see why the uk should pay money to countries that are economically developed . 
  and yet england subsidizes scotland , wales , and ni . 
  i suspect you do n't object to this because you have an strong emotional attachment to the uk . 
  there is no substantive difference between england subsidizing the rest of the uk and the uk subsidizing the eu 's poorer members . 
  it comes down to nationalism versus globalism . 
  i 'm a dirty globalist , so i think the latter is far more noble than the former . 
  haha , thinking about moving ? 
  because there is more to the eu than the euro and refugees . 
  greece has an average life expectancy of 30 for men and 32 for women . 
   that decision was no rejection of the values we share as fellow europeans that 's exactly what it was . 
  the british rejected the values of solidarity , integration , and close cooperation . 
  your comment is a shockingly transparent display of ignorance of the eu 's history . 
  the eu has been a public peace and unification project since the schuman declaration . 
  i 'm also not sure why you 're calling out germany since the guy in the video is spanish , the fact that the eu 's predecessors were largely created as a result of french initiatives , and the fact that in 2004 , when most of eastern europe joined the eu , germany was not the dominant economic or political actor it is today . 
  your comments never cease to amaze me . 
  any undiscovered gas deposits off the coast ? 
  your comment starts off agreeable and complimentary enough and then makes a 90 degree right turn straight into white nationalist bullshit . 
  i 'm honestly impressed at how abrupt it is . 
  he can get white people angrier at brown people . 
  the bay area and la are far more similar to each other than they are to the rural parts of the state . 
  these proposals to break up california have almost always been to create more red states to give more republican senate seats . 
  nigel farage is one of the most miserable western politicians since 1945 . 
  the man is an absolute asshole . 
  anyone of western european descent , really . 
  can anyone explain azerbaijan and italy ? 
  pick a side , assholes !, 
  uk : hold my pint . 
  chances are you said something less innocuous that you 're suggesting or were banned for something else entirely , given that every thread in this sub is filled with anti-eu , anti-immigration comments ( although they 're downvoted heavily ) . 
  i 'm happy to be proven wrong , however . 
  well , not in saarland , anyway . 
  the spd could improve its performance from other parts of the country that would make this a non-story . 
  for example , hillary 2016 outperformed obama 2012 in california , but lost states that obama carried . 
  losing harder in places you are expected to lose is only a part of the picture . 
  if i had to guess , i think the cdu will win again , though i 'd prefer to see the spd in power . 
  my understanding of german politics is the cdu winning in saarland is like the republicans winning in mississippi . 
  not a good bellwether for national performance . 
  the eu did n't force successive greek governments from both major parties to hire goldman sachs to hide the true scope of their debt . 
  soon the finnish-dutch international rankings rivalry will extend to land reclamation . 
  eurosceptic threads and commenters are n't banned from from this subreddit and there are plenty of cultural discussion threads , image posts etc. 
  we also are n't obligated to upvote everything in equal numbers . 
  according to ukip it has 65 million citizens and 265 million muslims and eastern europeans . 
  the f-22 has been used in the intervention in syria . 
  lol, 
  disregarding his callous remarks about germany , i do n't agree that germany will dominate the eu post-brexit . 
  historically , the eu has been driven by franco-german cooperation . 
  german reunification led to an imbalance between the two , as germany 's economy grew significantly larger . 
  it 's easy to see how the larger economy would be perceived as more powerful given that economic integration is far deeper than political integration .
