  lol the single market and eastern enlargement , two of the most important developments in the eu 's history , were pushed harder by britain than any other member state . 
  you had more opt-outs than any other member state . 
  britain was one of the most influential member states , rivaled only by france and germany . 
  you gave that up because you believed in lies and fantasies and have an inflated sense of your country 's importance . 
  grand si vrai . 
  one of my favorite things about the olympics is that each one is a cultural exposition of a different country/city and gives more people the opportunity to participate and spectate . 
  the spirit of the games should n't be reduced to ensure profitability . 
  sometimes things like this are worth taking a loss on ( within reason , of course ) . 
  yes , i agree . 
  i think all of the main institutions should all be headquartered in brussels . 
  strasbourg has an important symbolism to it , however , so it does deserve to host something important . 
  it 's a shame because the parliament building in strasbourg is so much nicer than the one in brussels . 
  leahy is a middle of the road democrat . 
  bernie is a social democrat and an independent . 
  they can be pretty different in both rhetoric and substance , but both vote with the rest of the democrats the vast majority of the time . 
  bernie is the junior senator from vermont . 
  patrick leahy is the senior senator . 
  i mean , we do that anyway . 
  it is . 
  bora bora is the most beautiful place i 've ever been . 
  fanta , nestea , and red bull are the only ones here that are common in the us . 
  sanpellegrino and orangina are probably the next most common , but it 's a huge drop off . 
  i think that 's alright considering i know almost nothing about denmark . 
  you can probably start calling it dieselago it you want . 
   we 're racists for protecting our continent from mass immigration ? 
  go cry in your disgusting melting pot . 
  i see irony is lost on you . 
  you wo n't get banned if you refrain from racism and bigotry . 
  every fucking thread about migrants , muslims , and africa on r/europe inevitably attracts all of these young accounts who rarely , if ever , appear anywhere else on this subreddit . 
  they come and throw around the same recycled far-right talking points , dogwhistle terms , and often times outright racist and bigoted bullshit to manufacture outrage and advance their agenda . 
  go ahead and look at the age and comment history of many of the posters in this thread . 
  go through literally any other thread on migrants , muslims , or africa and you 'll see the same shit . 
  they have a tendency to be unflaired as well . 
  you 'll notice that the vast majority of regulars on this sub are flaired . 
  this thread is filled with a lot of disgusting comments . 
  every time r/europe has a thread that is tangentially or directly related to immigration , islam , or africa it attracts people who do n't normally comment here , seeking only to push a specific narrative of xenophobia and thinly-veiled white supremacy . 
  there are multiple people calling for forced sterilizations and ignoring mass starvation in this thread . 
  overpopulation is an actual problem , but when people use it as an excuse to hurl dogwhistles and outright bigoted rhetoric , you alienate would-be allies . 
  feel free to lead by example . 
  and stanley mcchrystal and obama more recently . 
  the estonian flag is so fucking awesome . 
  i had access to them through my school through jstor as a grad student , but not anymore . 
  a lot of the best academic works on the eu exist as short 10-30 page papers as part of a `` debate '' among scholars . 
  [ here 's a list of andy moravcsik 's published works . 
  ] ( https://www.princeton.edu/~amoravcs/publications.html ) he 's probably the foremost scholar on the eu today , so anything by him is worth reading . 
  moravcsik is the leading proponent of liberal intergovernmentalism , which he developed in response to ernst b. haas 's theory of neofunctionalism and as an evolution of hoffman 's intergovernmentalism . 
  [ this is a good book by haas . 
  ] ( https://www.lsu.edu/faculty/lray2/teaching/7971_1s2009/haas1961.pdf ), 
  i can only give you an anecdotal impression , but i have never seen so many americans as interested in french politics as i have in the past few months . 
  macron 's youth and charisma and the french electorate 's rebuke of the far-right are reassuring to the many of americans who do not like trump . 
   doctors and engineers you 're importing from arabia lol and this is bad why ? 
  hang on man , they 're counting on you to not notice when they move the goalposts . 
  jean monnet was not an american agent , even in a loose sense , as the author claims . 
  monnet had worked in american and european governments and had connections to the political and business elite on both continents , but he was never only interested in actively advancing american foreign policy goals . 
  monnet is best understood as an internationalist , or a transatlanticist if we want to be even more specific . 
  he was someone who saw the us and western europe 's fate as intertwined and each other 's most natural partner . 
  this is an exceedingly common position in foreign policy today , and i consider myself in the same vein . 
  monnet had his own goals that aligned with both american and french interests . 
  it 's also well known that de gaulle , despite being justifiably wary of american influence in europe , was also irrationally paranoid about american power . 
  there was a stark ideological divide between de gaulle and monnet . 
  the former was an intergovernmentalist and nationalist and the latter a federalist and internationalist . 
  de gaulle saw the european project as a means to reassert french power , restore its national pride , and contain american influence in europe . 
  monnet saw it as an end unto itself , as an entirely new europe . 
   and what do you mean `` what '' ? 
  we threatened to cut aid from the marshall plan if france did n't start playing nice with germany & treating it like a equal after wwii . 
  like i said , the us is the most important third party involved in the european project , but denying the eu itself has promoted peace in europe is a farce . 
  since the earliest days of the european project , france has been among the strongest proponents of deeper integration . 
  this has literally always been the case . 
  france did n't just do whatever the us told it to . 
  in the early 1950s , the french parliament rejected the proposed european defence community , which had been actively supported by the us because it was desperately seeking to rearm west germany in the burgeoning cold war . 
  you and the author are mistaking alignment of french and american foreign policy goals vis-a-vis economic integration with germany for a surreptitious american foreign policy seeking to play france like a fiddle . 
  you should read scholarly works , by andrew moravcsik and stanley hoffman , among others , that debate and discuss the origins of the eu and its subsequent evolution , not a two page newspaper article targeted at british eurosceptics written by a borderline conspiracy theorist and self-described brexiteer . 
  are you seriously suggesting that the us is responsible for a french initiative aimed at franco-german reconciliation by making war between the two materially impossible ? 
  france and germany had been at war three times since german unification and french foreign policy had been obsessed with how to deal with germany for eighty years by this point . 
  the uk , italy , and the benelux countries all supported the creation of the ecsc . 
  it was n't an american-crafted initiative , nor was it only pushed by the us . 
   threatening france to play nice with germany under truman what, 
  i know eurosceptics and americans love to talk about how american hegemony , nato , and nuclear weapons are responsible for peace in europe . 
  the problem is that none of those things made germany and france each other 's closest friend and ally . 
  none of those things led to reconciliation between germany and poland . 
  none of those things suppressed the issue of gibraltar or resolved territorial disputes between croatia and slovenia . 
  none of those things spurred the initial integration efforts made by the benelux countries . 
  look at the ugliness that brexit has brought back to the surface . 
  it 's not coincidence that the future of gibraltar and northern ireland are now major issues after having been largely silent for decades . 
  no one is suggesting that if the eu collapsed tomorrow , that germany and france would go to war . 
  the argument is that a lasting peace has been built by the eu because its members have worked together to build their new continent and have earned a new level of respect and trust for each other . 
  the us has played , by far , the most important role of any third party to the european project , but to claim that the eu itself is not responsible for the peace in europe is intellectually dishonest at best . 
  wow . 
  i think it 's just that she knows how to pose for a camera . 
  while i like the idea that she hates donald , i 'm not sure it 's entirely true . 
  i really appreciate the fact that macron has gone out of his way to reach out to trump . 
  til europe does not have cool cities . 
   and why russia should want to be not/less russian ? 
  if you embraced western political and economic ideologies rather than constantly adhering to aggressive authoritarianism , you might find yourselves richer and more well-liked by the rest of the world . 
  you know , like what most of the rest of central and eastern europe have done for the past two and a half decades . 
   to me it just shows that these people will always find someone to blame . 
  yep . 
  100 + years ago , many americans hated irish and italian immigrants and scapegoated them for many societal ills . 
  today , mexicans and muslims fill that role . 
  it amazes me how some people ca n't recognize historical patterns .
