  i never suggested that . 
  i was saying there were 2 elements that were more important than the eu in keeping europe at peace . 
  germany was destroyed and occupied . 
  nato and the warsaw pact were dominated by their respective superpowers , and amidst the cold war , neither would have tolerated intra-member fighting . 
  the eu was more important for promoting reconciliation rather than peace , though it did help . 
  most of europe was in shambles in the late 1940s . 
  no country was in a position to wage another massive war . 
  most importantly , germany was neutered and occupied . 
  germany had been the main geopolitical rival and enemy to most of europe . 
  most of western europe had gotten along by the mid 20th century ; germany was the only one with significant war-making ability to not fit that model . 
  western europe was dominated by the us , and eastern europe was dominated by the ussr . 
  neither superpower would have allowed any sort of significant infighting , especially not after the advent of nato and the warsaw pact . 
  afghanistan is nato . 
  the invasion of iraq was the us , uk , australia , and poland . 
   california and new york were never independent nations though . 
  they came from broadly the same starting point and had little chance to develop distinctions beyond sports teams and pizza toppings . 
  we 're talking about what their interests would be , which is far more of a function of their tangible aspects rather than their culture . 
  california has more high tech , agriculture , and entertainment . 
  new york has more finance . 
  they have very different demographics , are separated by 2500 miles , and border different countries . 
  their ecosystems and lifestyles are also quite different . 
  new york has much stronger links with europe , and california has much stronger links with asia and latin america . 
  yea , the culture is much closer together , but you have to remember that if they were sovereign states , they would have vastly different economic and political priorities and interests . 
  think of it like scotland and england . 
   how can i be asked to give up the idea that we 've done well at this self-ruling business in favour of some idealistic and unworkable union ? 
  there 's zero reason for it to be unworkable . 
  i mean , it already works not . 
  sure , it is n't fast or efficient , but it does work . 
   it 's human nature to be proud of one 's roots and i can not see the objection to seeing myself as a briton and an englishman before european . 
  because its a function of tribalism that only creates artificial divisions within a single species . 
  you 're human first , whether or not you choose to identify as such . 
  you are 99 % the same as everyone else . 
  oh , and enjoy your holiday in greece !, 
  not china , although they would really like to . 
   european countries often have differing needs and objectives . 
  the contrast of british and , say , germany interests , is looming large . 
  our countries can co-operate well and be strong as independent states . 
  we do not need to join our countries to facilities this . 
  california and new york would have wildly different interests were they sovereign states . 
  the reason you never hear about it is because we think of ourselves as americans first . 
  if you thought of yourselves as europeans first , and not as europeans `` also , '' you 'd be surprised how much easier it would be able to get shit done . 
  poroshenko announced a unilateral ceasefire several weeks ago and the separatists ignored it . 
  as long as they do n't stop chanting . 
  what 's really been getting to me has been the mishandling of the bodies . 
  it 's sickening . 
  i can say with absolute certainty that the american public would have been absolutely irate with rage . 
  i think there would be tremendous pressure on the president to use military force to secure the site and the bodies , most likely through the use of special forces and limited air and ground support . 
  i do n't think russia would be so bold as to take the site before american forces would . 
  i honestly wish that we could just go in there , secure the site , recover the bodies , and beat the shit out of the thugs who are responsible , but the fact that russia is right next door makes it unlikely . 
  whenever someone chants usa , they legally become an american citizen for the duration of the chant . 
  it 's in the constitution . 
  has this been verified by any other news source ? 
  isolate russia from the international community and create domestic pressure on putin . 
  then where do you draw the line ? 
  for decades , american politicians harped about how we were too reliant on foreign sources of energy . 
  we 've become far more self-sufficient now , and are the only major world power expected to decrease their dependency on foreign energy imports over the next few decades . 
  i think the eu needs to come to the same realization we have . 
  oh , my mistake . 
  i think i misinterpreted what you meant by eu border state . 
  i thought you meant if a non-eu state that borders the eu asks for assistance then the eu can intervene . 
  events like this are exactly what cause surges in nationalism . 
  remember the us after 9/11 ? 
  hell , nearly all of europe was expressing solidarity with the us . 
  i believe that only applies to member states . 
  sure , the us does some bad things , but let 's not try to equate russian and american foreign policy . 
  sanction the shit out of them . 
  yes , it will hurt european economies , but russia has acted completely out of line for far too long . 
  the separatists in eastern ukraine do n't have aircraft . 
  why would the ukrainian government shoot this down ? 
  i 'll bet that the separatists shot it down thinking it was some sort of government cargo plane . 
  good lord , this is awful . 
  we fought one war with them . 
  the chinese and vietnamese have been killing each other since the dawn of time . 
  you did n't vote for your pm either . 
  [ the eurasion economic union ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurasian_economic_union ), 
   next year they will officially regain kazakhstan and belarus . 
  say what you will , but russia is back the way you worded this shows just how backwards russian foreign policy is ; implying that countries are there for the taking . 
  however , if you want to argue russia is `` back '' ( which i assume is as a major geopolitical force ) , then you 're going to have to do a hell of a lot better than kazakhstan and belarus . 
   how about just down vote and leave the comments away ? 
  i think i 'll take this piece of advice . 
  because the us respects human ( including gay ) rights to a very high degree , does n't annex countries , and is actually a functioning democracy . 
  russia is also not considered a superpower any more . 
  your comment added nothing to the thread and is reminiscent of the bile that is thrown around in / r/worldnews , where they make false equivalents out of anything that will make the us look bad . 
  let 's not make this thread shittier than it needs to be . 
  russia has the perpetual problem of failing to live up to its potential . 
  its penchant for authoritarianism seems to be the biggest obstacle . 
  we did it !, 
  she 's not technically the first . 
  javier solana was high representative for the cfsp before her . 
  she was chosen because the european council wanted someone with a lower profile than him , as the position was reformed to be more powerful than it was previously , and the member states are highly protective of sovereignty on foreign policy and security issues . 
   his name did not appear on my ballot 99 % of voters do n't vote for their prime minister either . 
   the ep parties are abusing the process to try to grab powers away from a more democratically legitimate institution what , the european council ? 
  that is the single least democratic institution . 
  the parliament is the only one with democratic legitimacy . 
  i was hoping it would be spikes with spikes on them . 
  this entire move has served to make eu more democratic . 
  the people who are complaining about this are ridiculous . 
  this was one of the major , legitimate concerns of eurosceptics , and now the move toward parliamentary-style democracy at the eu level has many of them up in arms . 
  giving power back to national parliaments or heads of government only serves to make the eu more confederal , and thus less democratic , less efficient , and less effective at doing its job . 
  everyone should welcome this move .
