  dictators and angry mobs do n't just appear over night without warning . 
  this should be an enormous red flag to any halfway intelligent and decent person . 
  assuming donald trump loses on tuesday , i want to thank britain for taking up the mantle of laughing stock of the anglosphere . 
  you 've really taken the heat off of us . 
  even funnier is that sovereignty was leavers ' primary reason for voting leave . 
  you ca n't be in the single market without adopting a good portion of european laws . 
  laws that you can only influence in making by being a member of the eu . 
  you can not be fully sovereign or fully control immigration and be in the single market . 
  britain is damned if it does and damned if it does n't . 
  if it leaves , it risks losing scotland , bleaker economic prospects , and reduced political power . 
  if it remains , it risks enraging leavers and irreparably damaging britain 's reputation among its allies and global business leaders . 
  100 years from now , the brexit referendum will be in history and political science textbooks explaining the dangers of direct democracy , particularly on constitutional issues . 
  this is such a fucking shitshow . 
  * wipes sweat off brow *, 
  reddit has its fair share of shitty comments , but i assert that discussion here , depending on the subreddit , is much higher quality than what you find on any newspaper comment section . 
  how fucking rich it would be for the uk to join the eea . 
  there 's no doubt in my mind that a fair number of leavers would claim `` we 've won '' because they formally left the eu , despite the eea being undemocratic as fuck . 
  relevant flair text . 
  stacked house teepee . 
  got it . 
  you 've just justified the expense . 
  build the dam and make the netherlands pay for it, 
  the commission actually hires people based on national quotas relative to population . 
  they have routinely had trouble filling britain 's spots because there are n't enough britons applying for them . 
   european council is comprised of members of democratic governments , what is undemocratic ? 
  my problem with the european council is that is it becoming more and more a collective executive made up of some directly elected and some indirectly elected members who representative different constituencies . 
  it is eroding the commission 's traditional role as the eu 's executive branch . 
  in my mind , the executive branch of government should be headed by a single occupant with a pan-european mandate . 
  relying on national leaders to solve european issues is a bad way to govern , since they answer to their individual countries rather than the european people . 
  the commission governs for the benefit of the entire eu , not individual member states . 
  the commissioners do not answer to their national governments . 
   also veto power for smallest union members seems to me quite democratic . 
  malta has ~ .08 % of the eu 's population . 
  it should n't have the ability to block an action that the other 27 members states , representing 99.92 % of the eu 's population , all agree on . 
  this is an extreme hypothetical , but it gets the point across . 
  i understand why the veto exists , but that does n't make it democratic . 
  the united states senate , for example , has effectively become a chamber that requires a party to control 60 % of the seats to function properly , and it has become an utter shitshow . 
  imagine if every senator had a formal veto rather than the ability to place secret holds or filibuster . 
   are these really `` deficits '' that are making brexit reasonable ? 
  not in my mind , no . 
  these are all things that can and will be fixed in future treaties . 
  the eu is an ongoing process . 
  it used to be even more undemocratic . 
  it has come a long way already . 
  i live in new york now , but i 'm from near san francisco , where [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rxkdxpk.jpg ) is a typical landscape . 
  that 's the largest mountain in the area , but there are lots of rolling hills . 
  i need to visit italy again . 
  i 've only ever been in the north . 
  [ this landscape ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7x2nyct.jpg ) reminds me of home . 
  the european council has encroached on the commission 's jurisdictions of power over the past decade , acting as a sort of collective executive . 
  veto power in the european council and the threat of a veto can sometimes grind eu decision-making to a halt . 
  the smallest member can effectively block the will of 99.9 % of the eu 's population . 
  meps can not introduce legislation . 
  the commission president is not a sitting mep , as would be expected in a parliamentary system . 
  qualified majority voting in the council of ministers has a higher threshold than would be expected for many national upper houses . 
  the argument can be made , however , that without qmv , the five or six most populous members would run the show , provided they all agreed on an issue . 
  my biggest issue with the eu 's framework is the european council . 
  i think it needs to be neutered , but good luck getting the national governments to agree to it . 
  for people to learn ? 
  while the argument that the eu has a democratic deficit is not necessarily wrong , it is blown out of proportion by those who have a shallow understanding of the eu . 
  yes , what you 're describing is a free trade deal , which is about the best possible trade deal possible between the uk and eu short of eea membership . 
  the eu has stated repeatedly that negotiations on a new trade deal between the two will not start until after the uk is no longer a member of the eu . 
  [ switzerland has a complicated series of bilateral treaties with the eu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/switzerland%e2%80%93european_union_relations ) that give them more control over what parts of the body of european law they want . 
  notably , switzerland has freedom of movement like the rest of the eu . 
  however , the swiss voted in 2014 to restrict freedom of movement of foreign citizens . 
  if this goes into effect , it activates the guillotine clause , which eliminates most of the bilateral treaties between the eu and switzerland . 
  it 's unclear what the relationship between the two will look like in a year 's time . 
  norway is a member of the eea . 
  membership of the eea is about as close to eu membership as you can get without being a formal member . 
  norway is a member of the single market , meaning it has to implement a lot of the european laws that govern it , but has no political representation in any of the eu 's institutions . 
  this means that norwegian citizens do n't have any power over a lot of the laws that govern their country . 
  this agreement was designed to be unpalatable for a democratic society to incentivize norway to formally join the eu . 
  being outside the eu , however , norway largely retains control over things like agriculture , fishing , trade ( outside the single market ) , customs , and justice and home affairs . 
  both major parties in norway support formal membership of the eu . 
  the public does not . 
  the norwegian prime minister has repeatedly and publicly said that the uk would hate eea membership . 
  you know how you can get the uk and the eu to trade even more with each other than they would under a free trade area ? 
  a single market . 
  the uk can make all the demands it wants , but the eu does n't have to offer it anything . 
  remaining part of the single market without freedom of movement undermines the club 's rules and functioning , for example . 
  yes , but you forget that the uk is located in the middle of the atlantic ocean . 
  the other major reason was that he feared the uk would act as a trojan horse for american interests , which he was also right about . 
  the eu very much regrets the swiss model because it gives switzerland a more a la carte relationship with the eu , rather than a worse deal designed to incentivize it to join . 
  the best the uk can hope for is the norway model , which would be hilarious because of how undemocratic it is . 
  for fuck 's sake , the eu has been a political unification project since the 1950s . 
  it was never a secret . 
  not knowing this is no one 's fault but their own . 
  let 's kickstart it . 
  that 's the thing i envy most about europe , you do n't have to constantly fight off alien invasions while pursuing a 10/10 romantic interest . 
  i think the stereotype comes from tourists who have bad interactions with locals , like being pushed aside by someone trying to get on the metro . 
  this stereotype applies to a lot of big cities though . 
  new yorkers also have the asshole stereotype . 
  i think the stereotype might be stronger for parisians because paris has historically been one of the biggest ( if not the biggest ) tourist cities in the world . 
  feeling more justified about your vote because people on the internet make fun of you for it is about as good a reason against direct democracy as any . 
  jesus christ man , you are strawmanning so fucking hard . 
  i do n't understand how you make the leap from `` direct democracy is fucking stupid '' to `` american style 2 party democracy is the best . '', 
   have fun wasting all that taxpayer money ( and killing all those worthless brown people ) in your next middle eastern adventure . 
  what does this have to do with the topic at hand ? 
  the us and eu , which do n't even comprise the entirety of the west , have a combined ~ 800 million people , ~ $ 35 trillion gdp , and an absolutely ludicrous military capacity . 
  russia is not the west 's equal , it 's a constant thorn in its side .
