  they joined the eec in 1973 , and the past 28 years , that organization has transformed into something entirely different : one now on the brink of statehood . 
  the deal has changed , and it is not selfish for the british people to be skeptical or wary of surrendering their sovereignty to a new european state . 
  the problem is that despite the us being a superpower , the uk has still maintained great influence in european affairs . 
  that influence is being diluted as the eu consolidates its power . 
  disengagement from the european project will probably resign the uk to a client-state of both the eu and the us . 
  i hardly think that most europhiles are so because of the prospect of the eu being a counterweight to the us . 
  the eu and the us maintain very close ties , and the us will likely start to strengthen those ties as china begins to eclipse its own economic and military power . 
  the days are gone when the us could afford to ignore europe . 
  the world 's power is increasingly centered around three large blocs , the us , eu and china . 
  the differences between the two western ones are far fewer than their differences with china . 
  yes , the united states has acted with arrogance and unwisely on occasion , but the eu and china represent a new paradigm of the international power structure . 
  the uk is far too small to compete or interact with these three blocs by itself . 
  however , it has the potential to be one of the most influential eu member states . 
  this is how germany has redefined its role in the world . 
  for decades after world war ii , germany has been deprived of a significant role in international affairs by the status quo . 
  the eu has given it an opportunity to channel its focus into shaping the foundation and role of a new political entity with superpower potentiality . 
  personally , i want the uk to fully engage the european project because it would further demonstrate to the world the legitimacy of supranational entities composed of many different peoples , faiths , histories , languages , and cultures . 
  the eu has tremendous soft power , and through federalization , that soft power can be better focused to affect the world at large . 
  highly , highly , highly , highly , highly doubtful . 
  hardly . 
  the uk is only slightly smaller smaller than france in population and gdp , and has far better finances than italy . 
  the uk could become the most influential state aside from france and germany . 
  not now , but in 20 years when the eu , the us , and china are the biggest shows in town , the uk will be a fairly insignificant actor in international affairs . 
  i imagine that a the core-group , as it figures out how it will become more integrated , will eventually let other member-states in . 
  most of the countries from the fifth enlargement are required to join the eurozone anyway . 
   the old eu does work . 
  this is debatable , as it depends on how you define `` work . '', 
  it functions , that 's true , but it 's not efficient , democratic , and is the fundamental cause of the current crisis . 
   it 's the single countries that do n't work . 
  this is where is gets cloudy . 
  yes , there are certain countries with less efficient , less transparent , and more corrupt political systems than others , but because the eu is essentially a confederacy , national issues often trump supranational issues . 
  look at slovakia during the passing of the efsf 's expanded powers . 
  the opposition used a pan-european issue to force new elections in their own country . 
  this is the kind of thing that happens all the time in weak federations ( the early united states ) and confederacies . 
  many of the eu 's laws and requirements are also not strictly enforced because the eu lacks a lot of power . 
  maastricht required no country in the eurozone to have debt exceeding 60 % of gdp nor budget deficits exceeding 3 % of gdp . 
  greece and italy did not meet the first requirement , but were let in . 
  germany was among the first country to violate the second . 
  now many countries in the eurozone have violated both . 
  when such a fundamental treaty requirement is not enforced , it is hard to say that the eu works . 
   the six-page german foreign ministry paper sets out plans for the creation of a european monetary fund with a transfer of sovereignty away from member states . 
  the fund will have the power to take ailing countries into receivership and run their economies . 
  even more controversially , the document , entitled the future of the eu : required integration policy improvements for the creation of a stability union , declares that the treaty changes are a first stage `` in which the eu will develop into a political union '' . 
  `` the debate on the way towards a political union must begin as soon as the course toward stability union is charted , '' it concludes . 
  this , in conjunction to merkel 's speech and the cdu party meeting this past monday , it appears that the german government has very quickly warmed up to the idea of a much greater degree of federalization than it has previously admitted . 
  this past summer it still seemed unthinkable . 
  i 'm going to go out on a limb here and assume that most bulgarians would much rather stick with the eu than with soviet union ii : soviet union harder . 
  i 'd wager that the majority of people who regularly comment in this subreddit are non-germans . 
  i see plenty of greeks , portuguese , italians , french , americans , british , irish etc. 
  hell , yesterday i saw an australian comment in here . 
  yes , there are a lot of germans , but what do you expect when germany is the largest country in the eu ? 
  i do n't know where you 're getting this idea that the german government has no desire to fix the current problem . 
  if italy tips over , the german economy will go to shit . 
  we do n't live in a world of protectionist economics . 
  we live in a highly globalized economy . 
  when one country goes , so do others . 
  the last thing the german government wants is for their economy to tank , which it will , if the euro crisis is not solved . 
  it has been made abundantly clear that the only good solution to the crisis is to become a fiscal union . 
  in democracies , that means you have to build popular support for it , at a time when it is the exact opposite of what much , if not most , of the electorate wants . 
  do n't blame the germans , the greeks , the italians etc. 
  the fundamental problem here is the european union itself . 
  it has been a confederacy since maastricht , and it is now becoming evident that it does not work . 
  the way forward is federalization . 
   literally every obstruction for finding a quick solution to the crisis has come from germany . 
  it 's clear why . 
  yes , it is , but not for the reasons you suggest . 
  it is mostly because merkel understands that closer fiscal integration is required than her base of support , and the german electorate at large will stand for . 
  it is not surprising that euroskepticism is on the rise as a direct result of this crisis . 
  there is no quick solution . 
  the solution is fiscal union , which will require massive treaty changes , national referendums , and years of meticulous work . 
  if the german electorate , and the european electorate at large , supported fiscal union , then merkel would have been working on it for months now . 
  the problem is that it is not a popular solution , especially in germany , because many germans do n't think it is fair , nor their responsibility to pay for what they perceive as trouble the greeks and italians got themselves in to . 
  the fundamental obstruction to a solution is the eu itself . 
  it is a confederacy , and as such , national politics and games trump supranational issues such as the current crisis . 
  if you want more evidence of this , look to what happened in slovakia last month , in which the initial vote on expanding the efsf failed , even though more than enough mps agreed with the motion , because the opposition used it as a political tactic to force new elections . 
  this is not a german conspiracy to take over the continent or profit at the expense of the countries it now calls friends . 
  it simply is not logical . 
  well done europe . 
  it 's about time someone starts putting the american government in its place . 
  the majority of posters in this subreddit are europhiles , and as such , are more pro-european than the general european populace . 
  the uk has been the most significant brake on european integration for many decades because it has a unique role in international affairs that no other european nation has ( the only other comparable country is france ) . 
  as it stands now , the uk has the most to lose of any nation were it to embrace the european project wholeheartedly . 
  it is one of america 's closest and strongest allies . 
  it has , after the united states , the most powerful naval and air power in the world . 
  it still has the ear of much of its former empire , and london is along with new york , the most important and powerful city in the global economy . 
  all of this helps contribute to a national identity that is often stronger than its equivalent in continental western europe . 
  not to mention that it is really the only country in the eu whose major centre-right party is euroskeptic ( increasingly so at that ) . 
  as i said before , germany is pushing a political and economic platform that is both in and against its own interests . 
  this is really no different from any other country in the eu . 
  david cameron and george osbourne have stated on numerous occasions that the eurozone needs to become a fiscal union , as it is the only surefire solution to the current crisis . 
  this is in the uk 's interests as it would protect the european economy from collapsing . 
  this is against the uk 's interests because it consolidates the eu 's powers regardless of the uk 's position on europe . 
  europe is integrating with or without the uk . 
  the longer the uk waits to jump aboard , the less influence it will have over the formation of a new union , and will instead likely start to resemble a client-state to not only the united states , but to the european union as well . 
  there are many reasons why the uk should not embrace european integration , however , most of these reasons stem from nationalist arguments . 
  one of the main ideas behind the eu is a rejection of nationalism in exchange for pan-european diplomacy , cooperation , and friendship . 
  the german government is concerned with how the debt crisis could affect them , this is true , though not any more so than any other state in the eu . 
  of all the national economies in the eu , germany would likely be the least affected by the crisis , as it is the world 's second largest exporter ( and constitutes nearly 2/3 of the entire eu 's total exports ) , and china is poised to overtake france as its largest trade partner . 
  that being said , the current government is pushing an platform of more integration , that would subjugate all eurozone members to a more federalized eu . 
  the opposition advocates going even further , such as introducing eurobonds backed by the entire eurozone , which would entail germany shouldering the largest portion of debt that was n't theirs to begin with .
